Mark Smith , a reporter for The Associated Press who is president of the White House Correspondents '
Association , acknowledges that he had not seen much of Stephen Colbert on Comedy Central before he booked him as the main entertainment for the association 's annual black - tie dinner on Saturday night .
But he says he knew enough about Mr. Colbert —
" He not only skewers politicians , he skewers those of us in the media " — to expect that he would cause some good - natured discomfort among the 2,600 guests , many of them politicians and reporters .
What Mr. Smith did not anticipate , he said , was that Mr. Colbert 's nearly 20 - minute address would become one of the most hotly debated topics in the politically charged blogosphere .
Mr. Colbert delivered his remarks in character as the Bill O'Reillyesque commentator he plays on " The Colbert Report , " although this time his principal foil , President Bush , was just a few feet away .
" There was nothing he said where I would have leapt up to say , ' Stop , ' " said Mr. Smith , who introduced Mr. Colbert and sat near him on the dais .
" I thought he was very funny , " Mr. Smith added , though there was hardly consensus on that point yesterday .
At issue was a heavily nuanced , often ironic performance by Mr. Colbert , who got in many licks at the president — on the invasion of Iraq , on the administration 's penchant for secrecy , on domestic eavesdropping — with lines that sounded supportive of Mr. Bush but were quickly revealed to be anything but .
And all this after Mr. Colbert tried , at the outset , to soften up the president by mocking his intelligence , saying that he and Mr. Bush were " not so different , " by which he meant , he explained , " we 're not brainiacs on the nerd patrol . "
School Bus Drivers to Foil Terrorist Plots
This is a great example of a movie - plot threat :
Already mindful of motorists with road rage and kids with weapons , bus drivers are being warned of far more grisly scenarios .
Like this one : Terrorists monitor a punctual driver for weeks , then hijack a bus and load the friendly yellow vehicle with enough explosives to take down a building .
It ’s so bizarre it ’s comical .
But do n’t worry :
An alert school bus driver could foil that plan , security expert Jeffrey Beatty recently told a class of 250 of drivers in Norfolk , Va .
So we ’re funding counterterrorism training for school bus drivers :
Financed by the Homeland Security Department , school bus drivers are being trained to watch for potential terrorists , people who may be casing their routes or plotting to blow up their buses . [… ]
The new effort is part of Highway Watch , an industry safety program run by the American Trucking Associations and financed since 2003 with $ 50 million in homeland security money .
So far , tens of thousands of bus operators have been trained in places large and small , from Dallas and New York City to Kure Beach , N.C. , Hopewell , Va. , and Mount Pleasant , Texas .
The commentary borders on the surreal :
Kenneth Trump , a school safety consultant who tracks security trends , said being prepared is not being alarmist .
“ Denying and downplaying schools and school buses as potential terror targets here in the U.S. , ” Trump said , “ would be foolish . ”
This is certainly a complete waste of money .
Possibly it ’s even bad for security , as bus drivers have to divide their attention between real threats — automobile accidents involving children — and movie - plot terrorist threats .
And there ’s the ever - creeping surveillance society :
“ Today it ’s bus drivers , tomorrow it could be postal officials , and the next day , it could be , ‘ Why do n’t we have this program in place for the people who deliver the newspaper to the door ? ’ ” Rollins said .
“ We could quickly get into a society where we ’re all spying on each other .
It may be well intentioned , but there is a concern of going a bit too far . ”
What should we do this with money instead ?
We should fund things that actually help defend against terrorism : intelligence , investigation , emergency response .
Trying to correctly guess what the terrorists are planning is generally a waste of resources ; investing in security countermeasures that will help regardless of what the terrorists are planning is much smarter .
Posted on February 21 , 2006 at 9:07 AM • 104 Comments
Java theory and practice
Introduction to nonblocking algorithms
Look Ma , no locks !
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Java theory and practice Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Java theory and practice Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
When more than one thread accesses a mutable variable , all threads must use synchronization , or else some very bad things can happen .
The primary means of synchronization in the Java language is the synchronized keyword ( also known as intrinsic locking ) , which enforces mutual exclusion and ensures that the actions of one thread executing a synchronized block are visible to other threads that later execute a synchronized block protected by the same lock .
When used properly , intrinsic locking can make our programs thread - safe , but locking can be a relatively heavyweight operation when used to protect short code paths when threads frequently contend for the lock .
In " Going atomic , " we looked at atomic variables , which provide atomic read - modify - write operations for safely updating shared variables without locks .
Atomic variables have memory semantics similar to that of volatile variables , but because they can also be modified atomically , they can be used as the basis for lock - free concurrent algorithms .
A nonblocking counter
Counter in Listing 1 is thread - safe , but the need to use a lock irks some developers because of the performance cost involved .
But the lock is needed because increment , though it looks like a single operation , is shorthand for three separate operations : fetch the value , add one to it , and write the value out .
( Synchronization is also needed on the getValue method , to ensure that threads calling getValue see an up - to - date value .
Simply ignoring the need for locking is not a good strategy , though many developers seem disturbingly willing to convince themselves that this approach is acceptable . )
When multiple threads ask for the same lock at the same time , one wins and acquires the lock , and the others block .
JVMs typically implement blocking by suspending the blocked thread and rescheduling it later .
The resulting context switches can cause a significant delay relative to the few instructions protected by the lock .
Listing 1 . A thread - safe counter using synchronization
public final class Counter { private long value = 0 ; public synchronized long getValue ( ) { return value ; } public synchronized long increment ( ) { return ++ value ; } }
NonblockingCounter in Listing 2 shows one of the simplest nonblocking algorithms : a counter that uses the compareAndSet ( ) ( CAS ) method of AtomicInteger .
The compareAndSet ( ) method says " Update this variable to this new value , but fail if some other thread changed the value since I last looked . "
( See " Going atomic " for more explanation of atomic variables and compare - and - set . )
Listing 2 . A nonblocking counter using CAS
public class NonblockingCounter { private AtomicInteger value ; public int getValue ( ) { return value.get ( ) ; } public int increment ( ) { int v ; do { v = value.get ( ) ; } while (!value.compareAndSet( v , v + 1 ) ) ; return v + 1 ; } }
The atomic variable classes are called atomic because they provide for fine - grained atomic updates of numbers and object references , but they are also atomic in the sense that they are the basic building blocks for nonblocking algorithms .
Nonblocking algorithms have been the subject of much research and study for over 20 years but have only become possible in the Java language as of Java 5.0 .
Modern processors provide special instructions for atomically updating shared data that can detect interference from other threads , and compareAndSet ( ) uses these instead of locking .
( If all we wanted to do was increment the counter , AtomicInteger offers methods for incrementing , but they are based on compareAndSet ( ) just like NonblockingCounter.increment ( ) . )
The nonblocking version has several performance advantages over the lock - based version .
It synchronizes at a finer level of granularity ( an individual memory location ) using a hardware primitive instead of the JVM locking code path , and losing threads can retry immediately rather than being suspended and rescheduled .
The finer granularity reduces the chance that there will be contention , and the ability to retry without being descheduled reduces the cost of contention .
Even with a few failed CAS operations , this approach is still likely to be faster than being rescheduled because of lock contention .
NonblockingCounter may be a simple example , but it illustrates a basic characteristic of all nonblocking algorithms -- some algorithmic step is executed speculatively , with the knowledge that it may have to be redone if the CAS is not successful .
Nonblocking algorithms are often called optimistic because they proceed with the assumption that there will be no interference .
If interference is detected , they back off and retry .
In the case of the counter , the speculative step is the increment -- it fetches and adds one to the old value in the hopes that the value will not change while the update is being computed .
If it is wrong , it has to fetch the value again and redo the increment computation .
A nonblocking stack
A less trivial example of a nonblocking algorithm is ConcurrentStack in Listing 3 .
The push ( ) and pop ( ) operations in ConcurrentStack are both structurally similar to increment ( ) in NonblockingCounter , speculatively doing some work and hoping that the underlying assumptions have not been invalidated when it comes time to " commit " that work .
The push ( ) method observes the current top node , constructs a new node to be pushed on the stack , and then , if the topmost node has not changed since the initial observation , installs the new node .
If the CAS fails , it means that another thread has modified the stack , so the process starts again .
Listing 3 . Nonblocking stack using Treiber 's algorithm
public class ConcurrentStack <E> { AtomicReference < Node <E >> head = new AtomicReference < Node <E >>( ) ; public void push ( E item ) { Node < E > newHead = new Node <E >( item ) ; Node < E > oldHead ; do { oldHead = head.get ( ) ; newHead.next = oldHead ; } while ( !head.compareAndSet(oldHead , newHead ) ) ; } public E pop ( ) { Node < E > oldHead ; Node < E> newHead ; do { oldHead = head.get ( ) ; if ( oldHead == null ) return null ; newHead = oldHead.next ; } while ( !head.compareAndSet(oldHead,newHead ) ) ; return oldHead.item ; } static class Node < E > { final E item ; Node < E > next ; public Node ( E item ) { this .item = item ; } } }
Performance considerations
Under light to moderate contention , nonblocking algorithms tend to outperform blocking ones because most of the time the CAS succeeds on the first try , and the penalty for contention when it does occur does not involve thread suspension and context switching , just a few more iterations of the loop .
An uncontended CAS is less expensive than an uncontended lock acquisition ( this statement has to be true because an uncontended lock acquisition involves a CAS plus additional processing ) , and a contended CAS involves a shorter delay than a contended lock acquisition .
Under high contention -- when many threads are pounding on a single memory location -- lock - based algorithms start to offer better throughput than nonblocking ones because when a thread blocks , it stops pounding and patiently waits its turn , avoiding further contention .
However , contention levels this high are uncommon , as most of the time threads interleave thread - local computation with operations that contend for shared data , giving other threads a chance at the shared data .
( Contention levels this high also indicate that reexamining your algorithm with an eye towards less shared data is in order . )
The graph in " Going atomic " was somewhat confusing in this regard , as the program being measured was so unrealistically contention - intensive that it appeared that locks were a win for even small numbers of threads .
A nonblocking linked list
The examples so far -- counter and stack -- are very simple nonblocking algorithms and are easy to follow once you grasp the pattern of using CAS in a loop .
For more sophisticated data structures , nonblocking algorithms are much more complicated than these simple examples because modifying a linked list , tree , or hash table can involve updating more than one pointer .
CAS enables atomic conditional updates on a single pointer , but not on two .
So to construct a nonblocking linked list , tree , or hash table , we need to find a way to update multiple pointers with CAS without leaving the data structure in an inconsistent state .
Inserting an element at the tail of a linked list typically involves updating two pointers : the " tail " pointer that always refers to the last element in the list and the " next " pointer from the previous last element to the newly inserted element .
Because two pointers need to be updated , two CASes are needed .
Updating two pointers in separate CAS operations introduces two potential problems that need to be considered : what happens if the first CAS succeeds but the second fails , and what happens if another thread attempts to access the list between the first and second CAS .
The " trick " to building nonblocking algorithms for nontrivial data structures is to make sure that the data structure is always in a consistent state , even between the time that a thread starts modifying the data structure and the time it finishes , and to make sure that other threads can tell not only whether the first thread has finished its update or is still in the middle of it , but also what operations would be required to complete the update if the first thread went AWOL .
If a thread arrives on the scene to find the data structure in the middle of an update , it can " help " the thread already performing the update by finishing the update for it , and then proceeding with its own operation .
When the first thread gets around to trying to finish its own update , it will realize that the work is no longer necessary and just return because the CAS will detect the interference ( in this case , constructive interference ) from the helping thread .
This " help thy neighbor " requirement is needed to make the data structure resistant to the failure of individual threads .
If a thread arrived to find the data structure in mid-update by another thread and just waited until that thread finished its update , it could wait forever if the other thread fails in the middle of its operation .
Even in the absence of failure , this approach would offer poor performance because the newly arriving thread would have to yield the processor , incurring a context switch , or wait for its quantum to expire , which is even worse .
LinkedQueue in Listing 4 shows the insertion operation for the Michael - Scott nonblocking queue algorithm , which is implemented by ConcurrentLinkedQueue :
Listing 4 . Insertion in the Michael - Scott nonblocking queue algorithm
public class LinkedQueue < E > { private static class Node < E > { final E item ; final AtomicReference < Node <E >> next ; Node ( E item , Node < E > next ) { this .item = item ; this .
next = new AtomicReference < Node <E >>( next ) ; } } private AtomicReference < Node <E >> head = new AtomicReference < Node <E >>( new Node < E >( null , null ) ) ; private AtomicReference < Node <E >> tail = head ; public boolean put( E item ) { Node < E > newNode = new Node < E >( item , null ) ; while ( true ) { Node < E> curTail = tail.get ( ) ; Node < E> residue = curTail.next.get ( ) ; if ( curTail == tail.get ( ) ) { if ( residue == null ) /* A */ { if ( curTail.next.compareAndSet( null , newNode ) ) /* C */ { tail.compareAndSet(curTail , newNode ) /* D */ ; return true ; } } else { tail.compareAndSet(curTail , residue ) /* B */ ; } } } } }
Like many queue algorithms , an empty queue consists of a single dummy node .
The head pointer always points to the dummy node ; the tail pointer always points to either the last node or the second - to - last node .
Figure 1 illustrates a queue with two elements under normal conditions :
As Listing 4 shows , inserting an element involves two pointer updates , both of which are done with CAS : linking the new node from the current last node on the queue ( C ) and swinging the tail pointer to point to the new last node ( D ) .
If the first of these fails , then the queue state is unchanged , and the inserting thread retries until it succeeds .
Once that operation succeeds , the insertion is considered to have taken effect , and other threads can see the modification .
It still remains to swing the tail pointer to point to the new node , but this task can be considered " cleanup " because any thread that arrives on the scene can tell whether such cleanup is needed and knows how to do it .
The queue is always in one of two states : the normal , or quiescent , state ( Figure 1 and Figure 3 ) or the intermediate state ( Figure 2 ) .
The queue is in the quiescent state before an insertion operation and after the second CAS ( D ) succeeds ; it is in the intermediate state after the first CAS ( C ) succeeds .
In the quiescent state , the next field of the link node pointed to by the tail is always null ; in the intermediate state , it is always non-null .
Any thread can tell which state the queue is in by comparing tail .
next to null , which is the key to enabling threads to help other threads " finish " their operation .
The insertion operation first checks to see if the queue is in the intermediate state before attempting to insert a new element ( A ) , as shown in Listing 4 .
If it is , then some other thread must already be in the middle of inserting an element , between steps ( C ) and ( D ) .
Rather than wait for the other thread to finish , the current thread can " help " it out by finishing the operation for it by moving the tail pointer forward ( B ) .
It keeps checking the tail pointer and advancing it if necessary until the queue is in the quiescent state , at which point it can begin its own insertion .
The first CAS ( C ) could fail because two threads are contending for access to the current last element of the queue ; in this case , no change has taken effect , and any threads that lose the CAS reload the tail pointer and try again .
If the second CAS ( D ) fails , the inserting thread does not need to retry -- because another thread has completed the operation for it in step ( B ) !
Nonblocking algorithms under the hood
If you dive into the JVM and OS , you 'll find nonblocking algorithms everywhere .
The garbage collector uses them to accelerate concurrent and parallel garbage collection ; the scheduler uses them to efficiently schedule threads and processes and to implement intrinsic locking .
In Mustang ( Java 6.0 ) , the lock - based SynchronousQueue algorithm is being replaced with a new nonblocking version .
Few developers use SynchronousQueue directly , but it is used as the work queue for thread pools constructed with the Executors.newCachedThreadPool ( ) factory .
Benchmark tests comparing cached thread pool performance show that the new nonblocking synchronous queue implementation offers close to three times the speed over the current implementation .
And further improvements are planned for the release following Mustang , codenamed Dolphin .
Summary
Nonblocking algorithms tend to be far more complicated than lock - based ones .
Developing nonblocking algorithms is a rather specialized discipline , and it can be extremely difficult to prove their correctness .
But many of the advances in concurrent performance across Java versions come from the use of nonblocking algorithms , and as concurrent performance becomes even more important , expect to see more nonblocking algorithms used in future releases of the Java platform .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
It 's been at least year since George Lucas finished Raping My Childhood� , so it 's about time someone dug up another cherished memory and manoeuvred it into the anal - entry position .
While the prospect of a live - action Transformers movie does indeed kick insane amounts of ass , the execution looks like leaving a lot to be desired at this point in production .
" It 's almost a year until its release ! " you say ?
Well , disembodied internet voice , you 're not wrong , but let 's not forget that this is a project under the supervision of one Michael Bay , a man who emits so much testosterone , oestrogen levels of passing women have been known to drop to dangerous levels when in his presence .
It should be an easy sell , right ?
Two armies of big fucking robots , kicking seven shades of metallic crap out of each other , complete with big guns , badass trucks , snarky villains and fast cars .
Sounds like the kind of thing Bay jerks off about , right ?
Just to make sure he does n't fuck it up , here are ten guidelines Mike needs to stick to if he wants to stay the right side of an group even more dangerous than the Decepticons : internet geeks .
( Warning : this article is dangerous nerdy .
If you are likely to be offended by a man freaking out over the minutiae of a childrens ' cartoon , then this is n't the article for you . )
1. FLAME OFF !
Dude , not a good start .
The tagline for Transformers is ' Robots In Disguise ' , not ' Pimp My Truck ' .
Optimus Prime is not a Hot Wheels car .
He is not a promotional vehicle for a Texas radio station or a Pop Idol tour bus .
The first leaked images released showed everyone 's favourite semi in both forms ; robot and truck .
Prime 's robot form looked to be fairly spot on - faceplate , spiky ear things and the classic red and blue colour scheme .
Except for one small detail ... flames .
Prime 's vehicular incarnation is covered in red and blue flames , the kind of decal only a seven year - old boy would consider cool .
The only person that would drive this truck without shame is Kevin Federline .
It was pretty obvious right from the get - go that us nerds would pick up on the smallest inconsistency and run it into the ground , but even the most nonchalant of movie - goers will be heard to exclaim " Man , that truck looks pretty gay " come July 2007 unless it 's changed pronto .
2. QUIT DRIP - FEEDING US , WE'RE NOT BABIES
Okay , so we are kinda geeking out over a film about giant robots , but please try and treat us fans with some respect .
This does not mean releasing insignificant news snippets every few weeks in an attempt to keep the hype machine from flagging .
First came the teaser poster : an admittedly cool shot of a giant War Of The Worlds - esque eye looming over Earth .
Then came the teaser trailer , which showed us precisely nothing ( and actually managed to be less than insignificant in referencing Mars , when Mars does n't even feature in the film ) .
Next , teaser posters of the Autobot and Decepticon logos , which have n't changed a jot .
Then an announcement of an announcement , followed a few days later by the announcement itself , which was in fact , just a list of the transformers included and did n't include any casting information .
Jesus , it 's a wonder they did n't reveal Optimus Prime bolt by bolt .
" Ironhide 's clutch revealed - click here ! "
3. INVITE BACK THE ORIGINAL CAST
The only member of the robot voice cast to be announced is Peter Cullen as Optimus Prime , the guy who voiced him in the TV series and the original movie .
This is definitely A Good Thing ; hearing George Clooney 's voice coming from a truck would be odd , to say the least .
In fact , Bay would do well to bring back most if not all of the original voice cast , including Frank Welker , a dude who has a r�sum� that would make even the Voiceover Man bow down in adoration - he was Uni from Dungeons & Dragons , people , we 're talking about a living legend here !
Hearing celebrity voices coming out of helicopters and tanks just wo n't do : no one wants to see Megatron voiced by Jude Law or Starscream voiced by Jack Black .
He 'd probably insist on an air guitar solo or something , and that 's not cool .
4. " HE'S GOT A TINY ROBOT COCK " The designs of the original transformers were , quite simply , awesome .
As a kid , I used to sit in awe and watch as the characters effortlessly switched from road - churning vehicles to butt - stomping robot overlords without even breaking a sweat , loving the simplicity of the concept and the sleek and different designs of each different character .
The designs leaked for the movie transformers just do n't have the same essence as the 80's ones did : they 're all gears , cogs , shafts and machinations .
Simply , they 're too busy , too real .
We do n't need to see the inner workings of the characters , or how part A transforms into part B : leave a bit of mystery intact .
Optimus Prime looks a little weedy round the mid-section as a result , Starscream looks like he'd fall over in a high wind and the less said about the hastily - removed Work In Progress images of Megatron the better ( to quote one of the less rabid Ain't It Cool talkbackers : " He looks like a fucking chandelier !
" ) .
5. LESS OF THE HUMANS
Hands up all of you who can remember the human characters from the cartoon series .
Anyone ?
Yeah , that 's right : there was that dude who may or may not have been in a wheelchair ( or was that in Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors ?
Man , there 's a concept ripe for an update ) and was probably called Spike or something .
Point in fact : no one gave a shit about the humans in the cartoon , and I 'm pretty sure the only people going to see next year 's movie because of Shia LaBeouf will be Shia LaBeouf , and possibly his close friends and family .
I expect metal - on - metal carnage , vehicular violence and the almighty din caused by jets , tanks , huge cannons and trucks all waging a bloody war - fest on each other .
I do not expect scenes of light relief featuring fleshy bipeds like Dane Cook , or fresh - faced MTV - raised teens teaching robots how to love and cry .
Bay could easily move up a notch in my book if he 's willing to have a scene in which Optimus Prime repeatedly runs over Tyrese Gibson while honking his horn in jubilation .
You would n't even have to do it in CGI .
6. THE SOUNDS OF SCIENCE
A pretty simple one , this : keep the classic transforming noise .
You know the one : koo - koo - ka - kaa .
Or maybe it 's khoo - khoo - kah - kah .
You know the one I mean : it sounds like a vomiting robot .
Judging from the teaser trailer , they 've dropped it and gone with a rather dull whirring and clunking , which has precisely zero charm .
If you want to impress us twentysomething nerds , you need to cater to our basic needs : we want to be leaving the cinema making the noise in the back of our throats while secretly wishing our Ford Focus would change into a giant shit - kicking robot .
Coo - cooh - ka - kaagh .
Damn it , a Welshman would know how to spell it .
7. LET STEVEN HAVE A PLAY I 'm throwing this one open to the forum here , because I simply can't be bothered to find out for myself : what the fuck does an executive producer actually do ?
Because in my mind , an executive producer is the guy who nods his head , watches his bank balance rise by several million dollars , then falls back asleep in his reclining leather chair .
One Steven Spielberg is the executive producer on this picture , yet I doubt he 'll have any physical input whatsoever , other than milking Megatron 's metallic nipples for dimes .
If director Michael Bay was a smart man ( which I think we can all assume he is not ) , then he'd step aside and let the Berg take control of a few scenes .
Remember that awesome reveal scene from War of the Worlds , where the Tripods rise up from under ground ?
Imagine the transformers making their entrance on Earth in a similar style , shot subtly , suspensefully and masterfully by Spielberg .
Unfortunately , with Bay behind the camera , it 'll be all flashy camera moves and a heavy rock soundtrack with at least four exploding helicopters per scene .
8. AIM IT AT THE RIGHT AUDIENCE I 'm fully aware of the studios need to make money and to pitch films at a wider audience in their pursuit of the almighty dollar , but do n't forget who Transformers ' target market is : sweaty males in their mid-twenties with no girlfriend and a hard - on for robot porn .
Us , in other words .
Forget about updating it for a modern audience ( Megatron should have a mullet , fashion be damned ) and do n't bother with any of that Armada or Beast Wars crap : as a child of the 80's , I want characters I know and love .
Reading through a bewildering array of information on the Transformers Wikipedia entry , I 've become aware of about a billion different storylines from a million different mediums , but I 'll wager dollars for donuts , most people want to see old - school trannies getting pissy about Energon Cubes than some shit about a Constructicons trade embargo .
9. SORT OUT THE CHARACTERS
Like the massive spazmos we all are , we waited with baited breath to see which transformers made the final cut and got drafted into the movie .
But when our eyes darted down the cast list , once , twice , three times , it was clear there were some serious omissions from the register .
Prime and Megatron are a given , Starscream , Ironhide and Ratchet are all quite welcome and Bumblebee can go fuck himself .
But where the hell is Soundwave ?
What 's with all the new generation baddies ?
I do not know who Blackout is .
Barricade does not get me hard .
I keep stopping people in the street and asking them who the hell Scorponok is and they look just as confused as me .
Is it that much to ask for a gigantic robot dinosaur or two ?
I mean ... fucking Scorponok .
He 's the Theo Walcott of the Transformers squad .
10 . AUTOBOTS ... ROLL OUT !
AGAIN !
Nobody can deny a long - running Transformers movie series is indeed a prospect that could pop even the laziest of semi-ons into boners .
What we do not want is it turning into a ' franchise ' .
Movies are n't planned these days on how exciting they 'll be or how much enjoyment the audience will gain from them ; they 're meticulously plotted so as to leave us wanting more , to force us to buy accompanying materials to fill in the gaps the movie does n't show and to cram our living rooms with Transformers toys come Christmas time .
This being the first movie of the proposed series , studio bigwigs will intentionally hold back on the good stuff and keep it back for the sequels , meaning we 'll quite probably get short changed on quite a few counts if we 're expecting the complete Transformers experience .
We 're quite used to getting shafted when it comes to big summer movies like this , but I for one can still remember a day when movies had a beginning , a middle and an end , and did n't require you to sit on your nuts for two years while the studios raised the effects budget for the sequel , " where the real story begins ... "
Follow us on Twitter @ The_Shiznit for more fun features , film reviews and occasional commentary on what the best type of crisps are .
Googelst du immer noch ?
Do no evil !
– die weltgrößte Suchmaschine hat ihr eigenes Firmenmotto schon mehrfach missachtet .
Westliche User kriegen davon nicht viel mit .
Für sie sind nicht zu wenige Treffer das Problem , sondern zu viele .
Anders als in China
VON DIETER GRÖNLING
Durchs weltweite Netz – elegant wie ein Surfer in der Brandung .
Das Gefühl von Freiheit und Abenteuer ?
Wer sich auf diese Weise in das Netz stürzt , verliert schnell die Orientierung .
Schon deshalb ist die Metapher vom Surfen schief – der Begriff klingt nach „ treiben lassen “ oder „ sich Wind und Wellen ausliefern “ , doch am Ende liegt die „ angesurfte “ Webseite wieder nur vor einem wie ein toter Fisch im Wasser .
„ Bookmarks “ , „ Lesezeichen “ oder „ Favoriten “ als erste Helfer bringen ein klein wenig Ordnung in das Chaos der Wellenberge und - täler , sind aber auch schnell überlastet .
Da muss was anderes her .
„ Jerry ’s Guide to the World Wide Web “ etwa , die kommentierte Bookmark - Sammlung zweier Studenten .
Daraus wurde Yahoo – ein milliardenschwerer Weltkonzern , der heute jedoch den Zorn vieler User auf sich zieht , weil Yahoo des schnöden Mammons wegen für die chinesische Ausgabe die Seiten schon mal vorzensiert und vorsorglich alles herausfiltert , was das Regime auch nur stören könnte .
Zudem wurde Yahoo mehrfach vorgeworfen , zur Inhaftierung von Regimekritikern beigetragen zu haben .
Auch nicht besser ?
Nun ist auch der Marktführer Google gleich mehrfach in die Kritik geraten .
Dem Suchdienst aus Kalifornien wird vorgeworfen , entgegen den bisherigen Gepflogenheiten und dem ehrenwerten Firmenmotto „ Do no evil ! “ ( „ Mach nichts Böses ! “ ) ebenfalls eng mit der chinesischen Zensur zusammenzuarbeiten .
Fast gleichzeitig wurde bekannt , dass die neue Version von „ Google Desktop Search “ zum Durchsuchen der eigenen Festplatte mehr oder weniger heimlich private Dokumente an die Google - Server überträgt .
Doch der Reihe nach .
Altavista , Infoseek , Hotbot , Fireball – Google hat sie alle vom Markt gefegt oder in die Bedeutungslosigkeit verbannt .
Die einstigen Berühmtheiten wurden entweder aufgekauft oder sind zum zweitklassigen Shopping - oder Sonst - was - Portal verkommen .
Googles Erfolgsrezept : Statt aufgeblähtem und mit störender Werbung überladenem Gedöns gab ’s von Anfang an nur eine schlichte kleine Suchmaske .
Sonst nichts .
Auch die Ergebnisseiten sind einfach gestaltet .
Nur die Treffer , dazu auf der rechten Seite eine dezente Spalte mit Werbung , die zum Suchbegriff passen soll .
Und Google versucht , die Reihenfolge der Treffer nach Relevanz zu sortieren – also danach , wie bedeutsam der gesuchte Begriff in der gefundenen Seite ist .
Heute ist Google so bekannt und so weit verbreitet , dass diese Suchmaschine von jedem genutzt wird .
Der Name ist inzwischen zum Synonym für Suchen im Internet geworden – so wie Papiertaschentücher seit vielen Jahren nur noch „ Tempo “ genannt werden .
Das verschafft der Firma einen ungeheuren Bekanntheitsgrad – aber auch Macht .
Viel Macht .
Einige munkeln schon , dass Google - Chef Larry Page heute mächtiger ist als Bill Gates und somit zum neuen Lieblingsfeind der Internet - Freaks und - Puristen werden könnte .
Kein Wunder : Mit Google Mail , Google World , Google Blogsearch , vielen anderen Zusatzdiensten und inzwischen auch einem Softwarepaket setzt die Firma voll auf Expansion .
Das ist durchaus nicht unumstritten : Bei Google Mail , dem kostenlosen E - Mailkonto , können E - Mails nach Vorlieben der Leute untersucht werden – um dann die Nutzer mit gezielter Werbung zu beglücken .
Und vor dem Gebrauch des neuen Google Desktop Search , das dazu dienen soll , auch den eigenen Rechner nach Google - Art zu durchsuchen , wird ausdrücklich gewarnt : Die US - Datenschutzorganisation Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) hat unlängst Anwender dazu aufgerufen , die Suchfunktion über lokal vernetzte Rechner hinweg nicht einzusetzen .
Dabei würden unter anderem die eigenen Office - Dokumente auf Google - Servern abgelegt – ein erhebliches Datenschutzrisiko .
Die US - Behörden und Geheimdienste freuen sich sicher über die Millionen von privaten oder geschäftlich genutzten Word- , Excel - und anderen Dateien , die Desktop Search schon bei der Installation auf der lokalen Platte aufspürt und zum besseren Durchsuchen an die Google - Server in den USA schickt .
Am Dienstag wurde von Google - Marketingleiter Andy Ku in einer Stellungnahme bestätigt , dass dieses Sicherheitsrisiko tatsächlich existiert .
Die Verantwortung für den möglichen Missbrauch wies er jedoch zurück : „ Theoretisch ist es immer möglich , dass geistiges Eigentum nach außen dringt . “
Jedes Unternehmen sei für seine interne Sicherheit selbst verantwortlich , schließlich könne das Feature jederzeit deaktiviert werden .
Was das bedeutet , ist unschwer zu erkennen .
Schon seit langem benutzen etliche Programme offene Internet - Verbindungen , um ohne Wissen der User Daten auf den heimischen Server zu übertragen .
Das bekannteste , aber bei weitem nicht das einzige Beispiel ist der Microsoft Media Player .
In einer Zeit , in der so genannte Spyware ein reales Problem darstellt , wird sich kaum noch jemand über den neuen Google - Spion freuen – und auf die Installation dieses Programms dankend verzichten .
Zudem nimmt man es offenbar auch bei Google nicht so genau mit den Menschenrechten .
Um auch in China einen Suchdienst betreiben zu können , gab es tief greifende Zugeständnisse an die chinesische Regierung .
So hat der Suchdienst eine Rote Liste der chinesischen Internet - Zensoren akzeptiert .
Blümchen statt Panzer
Kritische Webseiten werden vom chinesischen Google nun einfach nicht gefunden , beim Suchbegriff „ Tiananmen Square “ zum Beispiel gibt ’s in China Touristen und Blümchen – statt wie überall Panzer und Studenten .
Erst letzte Woche hat der Menschenrechtsausschuss des US - Repräsentantenhauses die IT - Unternehmen Yahoo , Cisco , Microsoft Network ( MSN ) und Google zu einer Anhörung geladen und ihnen gehörig den Marsch geblasen : „ Wie kann die Führung Ihrer Unternehmen nachts noch ruhig schlafen ? “ , fragte der demokratische Abgeordnete Tom Lantos .
Und der Republikaner Chris Smith beschuldigte die Firmen , der Diktatur gedient zu haben .
Der Profit dürfe nicht eine solche Zusammenarbeit mit der Tyrannei rechtfertigen .
Das Argument des Google - Abgesandten Elliot Schrage , dass ein bisschen weniger freie Information besser sei als gar keine , mochten die Abgeordneten nicht gelten lassen .
Die Haltung der Unternehmen , wegen des Zugangs zum lukrativen chinesischen Markt auf ein paar Menschenrechte zu verzichten und dafür zur Not die Firmenphilosophie beiseite zu schieben , hat zu heftigen Protesten geführt .
Nicht nur online , in zahllosen Blogs und anderswo : Am Dienstag demonstrierten Exiltibeter im nordindischen Dharmsala , dem Sitz der Exilregierung .
Mit Plakaten , auf denen der Suchdienst auch schon mal als „ Goolag “ bezeichnet wurde , forderten sie den – in der westlichen Welt selbstverständlichen – freien Zugang zu allen Informationen im Netz .
Zudem rief die Organisation „ Studenten für ein freies Tibet “ dazu auf , die Leitung des Internet - Riesen Google mit Beschwerdebriefen zu überhäufen .
Dem britischen Guardian zufolge sind in den letzten Tagen bereits mehr als 50.000 Briefe bei Google eingegangen , in denen gegen die zensierte Website google .cn protestiert wird .
Außerdem wurde vor mehreren Google - Büros weltweit demonstriert und angekündigt , die Suchmaschine künftig nicht mehr zu nutzen .
Spätestens mit der chinesischen Zensur ist das bislang recht positive Image vom Unternehmen , das einfach nur das Netz ein wenig übersichtlicher machen wollte , arg beschädigt .
Besonders im asiatischen Bereich klafften auch schon vorher immense Lücken im Webseiten - Bestand – was aber zuerst einmal an den ganz unterschiedlichen Sprachen und Zeichen liegen dürfte , die dort verwendet werden .
Auch wer nach ganz bestimmten anderen Dingen sucht , wird mit Google wenig Glück haben .
Illegale MP3 - Musik ist mit dieser Suchmaschine ebenso schwer auffindbar wie Raubkopien der neuesten Hollywoodfilme oder kommerzieller Softwarepakete .
Haben wir nicht
Das bedeutet natürlich nicht , dass es so etwas nicht gibt – aber selbst mit der in dieser Hinsicht bislang großzügigen chinesischen Suchmaschine Baidu können solche Dinge nun nicht mehr aufgespürt werden .
Ist das ein Zugeständnis im Gegenzug – zum Wohlgefallen der Unterhaltungs - und IT - Industrie ?
Google - Alternativen sind indes nicht in Sicht .
Der einzige Suchdienst , der hinsichtlich Trefferzahl und Ergebnis - Ranking ein klein wenig Paroli bieten könnte , ist alltheweb.com – und der gehört ebenso wie Altavista und andere inzwischen zu Yahoo , ist also ebenfalls im Lager der Kollaborateure .
More than 80 people were arrested during the five - hour rioting
Passengers and masked demonstrators set fire to their train after being told it would not leave Haedo station , about 15 km ( nine miles ) west of Buenos Aires .
Six police officers were among those injured during the five - hour rioting .
More than 80 people were arrested .
The clashes come as the country prepares for the Americas summit , to be attended by George Bush among others .
The Argentine authorities said they believed the incident had been instigated by members of the railway unions and leftist groups .
' Planned '
Violence broke out after officials of private rail company TBA announced to the nearly 2,000 travellers on board the train that it would not leave the station due to technical problems .
This was planned , these were armed groups
Anibal Fernandez
Argentina Interior Minister
In pictures : ' Commuter fury '
Witnesses said that the passengers got off the train and , joined by dozens of people wearing masks , began to hurl rocks at the train , breaking windows .
The masked demonstrators also set fire to several train carriages and a police vehicle .
Nearby stores were destroyed by the flames .
Police officers used rubber bullets to contain the violence .
" This was planned , these were armed groups , " said Interior Minister Anibal Fernandez .
Correspondents say the incident was one of the worst in the country since the street rioting seen during Argentina 's economic collapse four years ago .
この文章は About Haskell ( A Short Introduction to Haskell ) を 永田章人が勝手に翻訳したものです。著作権などに問題がある場合は即刻撤去しますので、永田に御連絡下さい。
ちなみに文章がおかしいところは英語に自信がないところです。
表現が間違っていたり、誤植など直した方がよいところがあれば是非御指導ください。
About Haskell
なぜHaskellをつかうのか ?
純粋な関数型言語であるHaskellは以下を提供します。
実質的なプログラマの生産性の向上( Ericssonによる 電話のソフトウェアを用いた一連の実験によれば、9から25倍の向上が 見られました ) 。
短く、簡潔で、より保守性の高いコード。
エラーの少ない、高い信頼性。
プログラマと の " 意味のギャップ " が小さい言語 。
納期短縮
ソフトウェアの生産では、多くの時間が費やされるのは仕様の決定、デザイン、
メンテナンスであり、プログラミング自体ではありません。
関数型言語は仕様を書くのに最適です。その仕様は同時に(テストとデバッグもできる)実行可能なプログラムでもあり、
最終成果物としてのプログラムの最初のプロトタイプとすることができます。
同様に、関数型プログラムではコードが短く簡潔になり、
厳格な副作用の制御により予期のできない相互作用を排除することが可能なため、
メンテナンスがしやすくなります。
関数型言語とは ?
セルが計算される順序は指定されません。- その代わりに 表計算ソフトがそれぞれのセルの依存性に応じてセルの計算をしてくれるであろうという考えが根底にあります。
表計算ソフトがメモリをどのように配置するかを指定することはありません。
- むしろ、 表計算ソフトが表面的には無限のセルの列があるように見せてくれて、
実際に使用される時に初めてメモリを配置してくれることを期待します。
ほとんどの場合、各セルの値は、その値を計算するためのコマンドの列
ではなく、ただ一つの式により指定されます。 ( 式の中の部分式の評価順は問われません ) 。
この表計算ソフトにおける計算の順序が指定されないということから、
代入という概念はそれほど役にたたないという面白いことが言えます。
とりわけ、もし代入がいつ起こるか正確にわからないのであれば、それを有効利用することはできません!
このことは、 基本的に代入文を慎重に並べていくことにより計算を構成していく
C言語や、メソッドの呼び出し順が重要となるJavaといったような慣習的な言語とはかなり対称的です。
この レベルの低い " どう " ではなく レベルの高い " 何 " に焦点を当てているのが、 関数型言語が他と最も異なる特徴と言えます。
他のよくしられた関数型言語に近い言語として、
標準的なデータベースクエリー言語である
SQLがあります。 SQLのクエリーは投射、選択、結合などを含めた式になります。 クエリーには どの関係が計算されるかが記述され、どのように計算するかは 記述されません。 もちろんクエリーはどのような順序で評価されても構いません。
SQLの実装の多くは、( 考え得る中で)最も最適な式の評価順序を見つけることで
クエリーの最適化を行ないます。
関数型言語の何がいいのか ?
Haskellで書かれたクイックソート
qsort [ ] = [ ] qsort ( x:xs ) = qsort elts_lt_x ++ [ x ] ++ qsort elts_greq_x where elts_lt_x = [y | y <- xs , y < x ] elts_greq_x = [y | y <- xs , y >= x ]
Cで書かれたクイックソート
qsort ( a , lo , hi ) int a[ ] , hi , lo ; { int h , l , p , t ; if ( lo < hi ) { l = lo ; h = hi ; p = a [hi ] ; do { while ( ( l < h ) && ( a [ l ] <= p ) ) l = l+1 ; while ( ( h > l ) && ( a [ h ] >= p ) ) h = h - 1 ; if ( l < h ) { t = a[l ] ; a[l ] = a[h ] ; a[h ] = t ; } } while ( l < h ) ; t = a[l ] ; a[l ] = a [ hi ] ; a[ hi ] = t ; qsort ( a , lo , l - 1 ) ; qsort ( a , l+1 , hi ) ; } }
1. 簡潔さ
2. 理解のしやすさ
qsort [ ] = [ ] qsort ( x:xs ) = qsort elts_lt_x ++ [ x ] ++ qsort elts_greq_x where elts_lt_x = [y | y <- xs , y < x ] elts_greq_x = [y | y <- xs , y >= x ] 最初の行はこう読むことができます : " 空のリスト ( [ ] と書かれている ) をソートした結果は空のリスト " 。
同様 に2行目はこう読むことができます : " 最初の要素が x で、 残りの要素が xs であるようなリストを ソートするためには、 xs のうち x より小さい全ての要素 ( elts_lt_x とする ) と 、 xs のうち x と等しいか x より大きい全ての要素 ( elts_greq_x とする ) と をそれぞれソートし、それぞれの結果に x を 真ん中に挟み込み結合 ( ++ ) しろ。 elts_lt_x の定義はすぐ下で与えられています : リスト xs から引き出された要素 y のうち、 x より小さい全ての y のリスト " 。 elts_greq_x の定義も同様です。 この構文は、 " | " を " such that " 、 " < -" を" 取り出 す( drawn from ) " と読むことで、 標準的な数学の集合の表記を 連想できるようになっています。 空ではないリストをソートするように要求されたとき、 qsort は elts_lt_x と elts_greq_x をソートするために自分自信を呼び出します。 これらのリストは元の qsort に与えられたリストよりも小さいの でOKです。 そのようにして、この分けてソートするというプロセスにより、対象となるリストは空のリストまで短くなります。 空のリストのソートは qsort の最初の行で与えられた、 ほぼ自明の方法でソートされます 。
3. コアダンプがない
4. コードの再利用
多相型は再利用性を高めるのです。
5. 強い糊
grep printf Foo.c | wc
Foo.c
grep printf Foo.c
printf
wc
|
wc
grep
もし、2つ目のコマンドが最初のコマンドの出力のうちの一部しか使用しないのであれば、最初のコマンドは
最後まで次以降する必要はないかもしれません。例えば
grep printf Foo.c | head 5
printf
grep
非厳格な言語はこのような種類の要求駆動型の評価方法を提供します。
データ構造は答を導くのに十分となる分だけ評価され、
結局評価されないような部分式も含んでいるかもしれません。
Unixのコマンドの例でわかるように、 このことは既存のプログラムを組み合わせるための強力な " 糊" を提供しています。 このことは命令型で書く場合よりも、
プログラムを再利用性の高い小さいなプログラムに分割できることを表しています。
遅延評価により、よりモジュール性の高いプログラムを書くことが可能となります。
6. 強力な抽象化
関数型言語における強力な抽象化のメカニズムに高階関数があります。
Haskellでは関数はファーストクラスです。 : 関数は他の関数へ自由に渡すことが出来るし、
関数の返り値として返すこともでき、データ構造の中に格納したりできます。
高階関数を適切に使うことにより多くのプログラムの構造やモジュール性を向上させることができます。
7. 組み込みのメモリ管理
malloc
malloc
malloc
全ての関数型言語はプログラマをこの重荷から解放させてくれます。メモリ確保と初期化は暗黙のうちに行なわれ、確保された領域はガーベジコレクターにより自動的に回収されます。
この記憶領域の確保とガーベジコレクションの技術は現在では適度に成熟しており、
小さいコストで実行できます。
Cの方がよい場合
要するに、Cのクイックソートは読みやすさと引き換えに、
記憶領域のコストを減らすためのかなり巧妙な記憶領域管理を行っています。
パフォーマンスが最も重視されるようなアプリケーションや、
低レベルのアルゴリズムにより細部をチューニングすることが目的の場合は、
計算がどう実行されるかをより綿密に制御するコードを提供できるため、
Cのような命令型言語の方がHaskellを選ぶよりも賢明でしょう。
関数型 vs 命令 型
同様に、仮想メモリページングシステムは喜んで受け入れられています。無限の仮想アドレススペースなどのよりサポートの高いプログラミングモデルを得ることができています。
今日、明示的なメモリの重ね付けは終わりました。
関数型言語は高いレベルのプログラミングモデルへ向けて大きなステップを踏もうとしています。
プログラムはよりデザイン、記述、保守がしやすくなりますが、
マシンの詳細な制御はできなくなります。
このことはほとんどのプログラムにとって許容範囲内です。
Haskellとは何か ?
表現力のある構文、従来の整数や浮動小数点数、
真偽値型に加え任意精度の整数や有理数 豊富な組み込みデータ型を備えており、 数値計算から抽象的なアプリケーションまで幅広くサポートできることに、
重点をおいてデザインされています。
多くの 実装が利用可能で、全てフリーとなっています。 初心者の方には 軽量で可搬性の高い Haskellインタプリタである
Hugs をお勧めします 。
誰か関数型プログラミングを使っている人はいますか?
ドイツの有名なソフトウェア会社であるSoftware AG は 、 関数型言語でプログラムされたエキスパートシステム(ナチュラルエキスパート)を商品化しています。
彼らは、背後にあるデータベースシステムにアクセスするアプリケーションを開発するのに、
こういった言語を利用すると容易になると考えています。 これらは全てIBMのメインフレーム上で動作しています。
Ericssonは未来の電話のアプリケーションに向け、
Erlangという新しい関数型言語を開発しました。 彼らは既に130,000行に及ぶErlangのアプリケーションを書いており、
短く記述でき開発が早いと言っています。
Amoco は、 彼らの所有するメインのオイル貯蔵池のシミュレーションを行なう重要なアプリケーションの 大量のコードを、関数型言語で書き直すという実験を行ないました。 出来上がったプログラムは非常に小さく、 書き直したことで既存のアプリケーションには多くエラーがあったことがわかりました。 その後 、Amocoは関数型プログラムを書き直しよい結果を残しました。
MITRE 社のリサーチャーはデジタルシグナルプロセッシングアプリケーションのプロトタイプ作成にHaskellを使っています。
Durham大学のリサーチャーは自然言語理解のための30,000行のプログラムLOLITAを作成する７年越しのプロジェクトに関数型言語を使用しました。
Query とはO2というオブジェクト指向データベースシステムのクエリー言語です。O2Queryはおそらくほとんどの入り組んだ商用利用が可能なオブジェクト指向データベースクエリー言語であり、それは関数型言語です。
ICAD Inc は機械技師や航空技師向け のCAD シ ステムを商品としています。 技師達が自分のデザインを記述する言語は関数型言語で、 そこでは、デザイン中の現在スクリーンに写し出されていない部分が再計算されるのを 避けるために遅延評価が用いられています。 これによりパフォーマンスが大幅に向上します。
排他的な例 : Glasgow Haskell コンパイ ラ( ghc ) は Haskellで 30,000 行程度で 記述されています 。
その他のよくある質 問
確かに関数型プログラミングは見方を変えることを要求しており、
それを難しいと感じるプログラマもいます。 しかし、ErlangのEricssonによるプログラマのトレーニングの実験では、
プログラマが 一朝一夕でできると考えずに、真剣にトレーニングを行なえば、 多くの場合は移行は容易いとしています 。
かつてはそうでしたが、現在ではコンパイラが追いついて来ました。
パフォーマンス大きく依存するアプリケーションを除けば、 全てのHaskellプログラムは十分な速さで実行することができます。
Haskellは 既存のアプリケーションにいろいろな方法で巧みに統合されて来ました。
HaskellDirectは IDL ( Interface Description Language ) ベースのツールで、 これによ りHaskellプログラムを他のソフトウェアコンポネントと同時に使うことができます。 C/C++への低レベルインタフェースはGreen Cardで作成することができます。 これにより Haskell とCの強力な統合が可能です。 これらのツールを使って多くの多言語から構築された多くのシステムが、成功を納めています。
Glasgow Haskellではプロファイラが利用できます。 これによりあなたのプログラムの中のどの部分が、
実行時間のメモリスペースのほとんどの割合を消費しているかがわかります。
Chalmers Haskellはスペースプロファイリングツールと、 プログラムを並列に動かした場合の実験ができるquasi-paralellシミュレータが利用できます。
Hugsでも同様のツールが利用可能です。
残念ながら、とりあえず現時点ではできません。
Haskell の実装はどれも研究グループにより作られたものであり、
これらの実装と企業が契約を結ぶことで、 市場でのチャンスが生まれるのではないか思います。 私たちはこのようなことを喜んでする人と共に働きたいと切に願っています!
この文章 はSimon Peyton Jonesの論文に基づいています。(それをさらに日本語訳したものです。)
最終更新日 : 12 December 2001 ( 日本語版 は2003年9月24 日)
永田のメモ : 非厳 格( Non-strict ) というのは関数の引数が遅延評価されることを指すようです。
Researchers warn autistic children will need special services
The figures suggest the condition is more common , as prior to the 1990s , experts said there were four to five cases per 10,000 people in Britain .
Researchers said it was unclear whether their higher estimate was due to better diagnosis or increased incidence .
Experts said the study showed services for people with autism spectrum disorders ( ASDs ) had to be improved .
Autism impairs social interaction , communication , and imagination .
The spectrum also covers Asperger 's syndrome .
Service boost needed
Researchers from Guy's and St Thomas ' Hospital in south London , publishing their findings in the Lancet , looked at a group of 57,000 children aged nine and 10 in 2001 .
Current provision for those with the disability is deeply inadequate given the scale of the need
Mike Collins , National Autistic Society
They identified 255 who had already been diagnosed as having autistic disorders and 1,515 judged to be possible undetected cases .
A randomly selected sub - group of 255 children was chosen for in - depth clinical assessment .
The prevalence of " classic " childhood autism was 39 per 10,000 , and that of other ASDs 77 per 10,000 .
In total , autistic disorders affected 116 per 10,000 children .
The researchers extrapolated their findings to suggest one in 100 British children may have some form of autism .
Professor Gillian Baird , who led the research , said : " Prevalence of autism and related ASDs is substantially higher than previously recognised .
" Whether the increase is due to better ascertainment , broadening diagnostic criteria , or increased incidence is unclear .
" Services in health , education , and social care will need to recognise the needs of children with some form of ASD , who constitute 1 % of the child population . "
Autism ' no longer rare '
But experts said there was no evidence to link the increase in cases to the measles , mumps and rubella jab or thimerosal , a vaccine preservative which uses mercury .
An editorial in the Lancet by Dr Hiroshi Kurita of Tokyo's Zenkoku Ryoiku Sodan Centre says there has been a continued incidence of ASDs after MMR was withdrawn in a district of Yokohama City in Japan and in Denmark , where thimerosal was taken out of vaccines .
Professor Simon Baron Cohen , of the Autism Research Centre in Cambridge , said : " This new study establishes that autism spectrum conditions are no longer rare .
" Service planning is needed to adjust to these new prevalence rates , so that the education , health , and related systems can meet the needs of people on the autistic spectrum . "
The National Autistic Society ( NAS ) said the study 's findings fitted in with its own estimates of the incidence of ASD - and the need for improved services - but it was unclear why more cases were being seen .
The NAS said its helpline received 35,600 calls last year from individuals with autism and their families , many of whom were unable to access the services they require .
Mike Collins , NAS head of Education , said : " Current provision for those with the disability is deeply inadequate given the scale of the need .
" Government and local authorities must ensure that education , health and social services are adequately funded and all staff appropriately trained in order to meet the needs of those living with the disability and their families .
" Autism is a lifelong disability and when an individual 's needs are not met the long term consequences both financially and for the individual 's well being are profound . "
A German citizen detained for five months in an Afghan prison was released in May last year on direct orders from Condoleezza Rice , then the national security adviser , after she learned the man had been mistakenly identified as a terrorist suspect , government officials said .
The officials said that when Khaled el - Masri was taken from a bus on the Macedonian - Serbian border in December 2003 , US authorities believed he was a member of al - Qaeda who had trained at one of Osama bin Laden 's camps in Afghanistan .
It took several months before they concluded he was the victim of mistaken identity , the officials said .
His name was similar to an al - Qaeda suspect on an international watch list of possible terrorist operatives , they said .
Ms. Lacy ’s statement provided no details about what had led investigators to the suspect or why , if they had been on his trail for some time , they swooped down on him yesterday .
Nor did she spell out what charges he would face , and it was not clear how soon he would be returned to this country .
Ms. Lacy ’s statement said she would not comment further until a news conference this morning , and calls to her office were not returned .
The suspect was identified by a law enforcement official , speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the case publicly , as John M. Karr .
The Associated Press quoted a lawyer who represented the Ramseys in the 1990’s as saying Mr. Karr had lived in Conyers , Ga .
The Ramseys lived in an Atlanta suburb , Dunwoody , about 30 miles away , before they moved to Colorado .
The Associated Press initially reported that Mr. Karr , 42 , was already in custody in Bangkok on an unrelated sex charge when he was arrested in the Ramsey case .
Later The A.P. quoted Lt. Gen. Suwat Tumrongsiskul , the head of Thailand ’s immigration police , as saying he was unaware of any criminal charges against Mr. Karr in Thailand .
The A.P. quoted another Thai official as saying Mr. Karr had denied committing a crime at home .
The arrest put a fresh spotlight on a case that once dominated newspaper headlines , television newscasts and supermarket tabloids .
For years , as investigators followed hundreds of leads but seemingly made little headway , John and Patsy Ramsey lived under what Ms. Lacy ’s predecessor once called “ the umbrella of suspicion . ”
The Ramseys repeatedly denied any involvement in their daughter ’s death , on Christmas night in 1996 , even as one detective who had worked on the case speculated that Mrs. Ramsey had struck JonBenet by accident and then wrote a ransom note to deflect attention .
Brad Feld has a good post up about software patents where he argues that they should be abolished .
I completely agree with Brad about software patents , I think they are useless as a business tool .
Until they are abolished however , I encourage all of our portoflio companies to file for as many as they need for defensive purposes .
I posted a cliche of the week on this last year .
But I 'd like to dig deeper on this issue of Intellectual Property ( IP ) protection .
We , as a country , have had a policy of broad intellectual propery protections ( copywrights , patents , etc ) as a means to foster innovation .
As it was told to me , the idea is to encourage people to come up with innovative ideas by giving them long term exclusive rights to those ideas .
I am sure that many of you who read this blog have a deeper understanding of the prinicipals behind intellectual property rights and the logic behind them so feel free to weigh in on this in the comments .
I suppose that there is some logic to that argument , but having spent the past twenty years of my life working with people who are risking their time , energy , and money ( and the money of my firm and our partners ) on innovative ideas , I honestly do n't see the logic in our patent system and some of the copyright system .
If you look at the arts for example , innovation by one artist leads to innovation by another artist .
If Picasso had patented cubism , would we have had the burst of energy around that way of thinking about painting ?
If Chuck Berry had patented his approach to rythm and blues , would we have gotten Keith Richards ?
If Shakespeare had patented his approach to tragedies and comedies , would that have stifled or encouraged innovation in theater and literature ?
My point is this .
Innovation is an evolution .
Everybody takes from everybody else .
A truly competitve darwinian system where it 's survival of the fittest may produce orders of magnitude more innovation than a system where someone gets to keep a lid on their invention ( if in fact it is their invention which is a serious problem with our current system ) .
I think of the patent system in our country a bit like the tenure system in our academic institutions .
It protects ideas and people that may not deserve to be protected and it allows for underperformance and it stifles creativity and energy .
Clearly we cannot abolish our system of intellectual property overnight .
Many billions of dollars ( including tens of millions of capital I manage ) has been invested in companies that are using intellectual property protection as a competitive weapon .
If there is going to be change , it must be gradual .
But I am encouraging all of us , the readers of this blog , other bloggers , academics , politicians , public policy wonks , and anyone else who cares about innovation in our country and the world at large to think hard about a world without patents and less intellectual property protection broadly speaking and what impact that would have on innovation and the flow of capital around innovation .
I believe we need a new way in the years to come .
Our current approach is holding us back , not taking us forward .
Engineers and information specialists from government , industry and academia agreed at a recent National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) workshop that immediate action is needed to keep vast amounts of digital knowledge from disappearing into cyberspace or becoming in 200 , or even 20 years , as incomprehensible as the markings on Babylonian cuneiform tablets .
According to estimates offered at the conference , the world churns out new digital information equivalent to the entire collection of the U.S. Library of Congress every 15 minutes .
Such a proliferation of information in digital format , occurring almost 100 times a day , adds up to approximately five exabytes ( five quintillion bytes or five billion gigabytes ) a year .
Unlike information stored on paper , however , this digital information can disappear almost instantaneously .
Major historical artifacts such as original homepages of breakthrough e-commerce sites are already gone .
Photographic records , stored digitally on disks , are in jeopardy of decay in as short a time as five years .
At the same time , the rapid pace of technological change , itself , makes it difficult to understand documents preserved in earlier formats .
Participants agreed on the need to build a business case to offer companies in areas such as manufacturing , health care , life sciences , law and defense an incentive to invest in digital archiving .
Such a study would demonstrate how access to archived information is critical to trace design rationale in cases of failure , document engineering changes , support product life - cycle use , investigate accidents , defend against patent infringement , compare new works with earlier versions , facilitate mergers and acquisitions .
Arguments for archiving everything from engineering discussions , e-mails , and CAD models to design and production logs and manufacturing process plans would be presented .
The study would also explore the cost of not archiving such information by estimating avoidable expenses for errors , recreating the data or reverse engineering , retesting , training , education and lost business .
The workshop reviewed current digital archival techniques as well as prospects for future software and standards in the area .
The conference participants also discussed the possibility of collaboration on future digital archiving research projects .
A report of the workshop is expected in late spring .
Reference : " Long Term Knowledge Retention Workshop " , March 15 - 16 , " 2006 Interoperability Week at NIST " .
Gaithersburg , Md .
FOR America 's colleges , January is a month of reckoning .
Most applications for the next academic year beginning in the autumn have to be made by the end of December , so a university 's popularity is put to an objective standard : how many people want to attend .
One of the more unlikely offices to have been flooded with mail is that of the City University of New York ( CUNY ) , a public college that lacks , among other things , a famous sports team , bucolic campuses and raucous parties ( it does n't even have dorms ) , and , until recently , academic credibility .
A primary draw at CUNY is a programme for particularly clever students , launched in 2001 .
Some 1,100 of the 60,000 students at CUNY 's five top schools receive a rare thing in the costly world of American colleges : free education .
Those accepted by CUNY 's honours programme pay no tuition fees ; instead they receive a stipend of $ 7,500 ( to help with general expenses ) and a laptop computer .
Applications for early admissions into next year 's programme are up 70 % .
Admission has nothing to do with being an athlete , or a child of an alumnus , or having an influential sponsor , or being a member of a particularly aggrieved ethnic group — criteria that are increasingly important at America 's elite colleges .
Most of the students who apply to the honours programme come from relatively poor families , many of them immigrant ones .
All that CUNY demands is that these students be diligent and clever .
Last year , the average standardised test score of this group was in the top 7 % in the country .
Among the rest of CUNY 's students averages are lower , but they are now just breaking into the top third ( compared with the bottom third in 1997 ) .
CUNY does not appear alongside Harvard and Stanford on lists of America 's top colleges , but its recent transformation offers a neat parable of meritocracy revisited .
Until the 1960s , a good case could be made that the best deal in American tertiary education was to be found not in Cambridge or Palo Alto , but in Harlem , at a small public school called City College , the core of CUNY .
America 's first free municipal university , founded in 1847 , offered its services to everyone bright enough to meet its gruelling standards .
City 's golden era came in the last century , when America 's best known colleges restricted the number of Jewish students they would admit at exactly the time when New York was teeming with the bright children of poor Jewish immigrants .
In 1933 - 54 City produced nine future Nobel laureates , including the 2005 winner for economics , Robert Aumann ( who graduated in 1950 ) ; Hunter , its affiliated former women 's college , produced two , and a sister branch in Brooklyn produced one .
City educated Felix Frankfurter , a pivotal figure on the Supreme Court ( class of 1902 ) , Ira Gershwin ( 1918 ) , Jonas Salk , the inventor of the polio vaccine ( 1934 ) and Robert Kahn , an architect of the internet ( 1960 ) .
A left - wing place in the 1930s and 1940s , City spawned many of the neo-conservative intellectuals who would later swing to the right , such as Irving Kristol ( class of 1940 , extra - curricular activity : anti-war club ) , Daniel Bell and Nathan Glazer .
What went wrong ?
Put simply , City dropped its standards .
It was partly to do with demography , partly to do with earnest muddleheadedness .
In the 1960s , universities across the country faced intense pressure to admit more minority students .
Although City was open to all races , only a small number of black and Hispanic students passed the strict tests ( including a future secretary of state , Colin Powell ) .
That , critics decided , could not be squared with City 's mission to “ serve all the citizens of New York ” .
At first the standards were tweaked , but this was not enough , and in 1969 massive student protests shut down City 's campus for two weeks .
Faced with upheaval , City scrapped its admissions standards altogether .
By 1970 , almost any student who graduated from New York 's high schools could attend .
The quality of education collapsed .
At first , with no barrier to entry , enrolment climbed , but in 1976 the city of New York , which was then in effect bankrupt , forced CUNY to impose tuition fees .
An era of free education was over , and a university which had once served such a distinct purpose joined the muddle of America 's lower - end education .
By 1997 , seven out of ten first - year students in the CUNY system were failing at least one remedial test in reading , writing or maths ( meaning that they had not learnt it to high - school standard ) .
A report commissioned by the city in 1999 concluded that “ Central to CUNY 's historic mission is a commitment to provide broad access , but its students ' high drop - out rates and low graduation rates raise the question : ‘ Access to what ? ' ”
Using the report as ammunition , profound reforms were pushed through by New York 's then mayor , Rudolph Giuliani , and another alumnus , Herman Badillo ( 1951 ) , America 's first Puerto Rican congressman .
A new head of CUNY was appointed .
Matthew Goldstein , a mathematician ( 1963 ) , has shifted the focus back towards higher standards amid considerable controversy .
For instance , by 2001 , all of CUNY 's 11 “ senior ” colleges ( ie , ones that offer full four - year courses ) had stopped offering remedial education .
This prompted howls from the teaching faculty , who said it would “ create a ghetto - like separation between levels of colleges ” , keeping black and Hispanic students out of the best schools .
In fact , the racial composition of the senior schools , monitored obsessively by critics , has remained largely unchanged : one in four students at the senior colleges is black , one in five is Latino .
A third have ties to Puerto Rico , Jamaica , China and the Dominican Republic .
Admissions standards have been raised .
Students applying to CUNY 's senior colleges now need respectable scores on either a national , state or CUNY test , and the admissions criteria for the honours programme are the toughest in the university 's history .
Contrary to what Mr Goldstein 's critics predicted , higher standards have attracted more students , not fewer : this year , enrolment at CUNY is at a record high .
There are also anecdotal signs that CUNY is once again picking up bright locals , especially in science .
One advanced biology class at City now has twice as many students as it did in the late 1990s .
Last year , two students , both born in the Soviet Union , won Rhodes scholarships , and a Bronx native who won the much sought - after Intel Science Prize is now in the honours programme .
All this should not imply that CUNY is out of the woods .
Much of it looks run down .
CUNY 's annual budget of $ 1.7 billion has stayed largely unchanged , even as student numbers have risen .
With New York City 's finances still precarious , city and state support for the university has fallen by more than one - third since 1991 in real terms .
It has , however , begun to bring in private money .
A new journalism school will open in the autumn , helped by a $ 4 m grant from the Sulzberger family , who control the New York Times , and led by Business Week 's former editor , Steve Shepard ( class of 1961 ) .
Efforts to raise a $ 1.2 billion endowment have passed the half - way mark , helped by ( formerly estranged ) alumni .
Intel 's former chairman , Andrew Grove , who graduated from City in 1960 as a penniless Hungarian immigrant , donated $ 26 m ( about 30 % of City 's operating budget ) to the engineering school , calling his alma mater “ a veritable American dream machine ” .
There are broader lessons to draw from CUNY , especially to do with creating opportunities in higher education for the poor .
Currently , only 3 % of the students in America 's top colleges come from families in the lowest income quartile and only 10 % from the bottom half , according to a study by Anthony Carnevale and Stephen Rose for the Century Foundation .
Most students are relatively well - off , and their numbers include plenty of racial minorities who receive preferential status independent of their economic circumstances .
For all its imperfections , CUNY 's model of low tuition fees and high standards offers a different approach .
And its recent history may help to dispel the myth that high academic standards deter students and donors .
“ Elitism ” , Mr Goldstein contends , “ is not a dirty word . ”
Doping in Professional Sports
The big news in professional bicycle racing is that Floyd Landis may be stripped of his Tour de France title because he tested positive for a banned performance - enhancing drug .
Sidestepping the entire issue of whether professional athletes should be allowed to take performance - enhancing drugs , how dangerous those drugs are , and what constitutes a performance - enhancing drug in the first place , I ’d like to talk about the security and economic issues surrounding the issue of doping in professional sports .
Drug testing is a security issue .
Various sports federations around the world do their best to detect illegal doping , and players do their best to evade the tests .
It ’s a classic security arms race : improvements in detection technologies lead to improvements in drug detection evasion , which in turn spur the development of better detection capabilities .
Right now , it seems that the drugs are winning ; in places , these drug tests are described as “ intelligence tests ” : if you ca n’t get around them , you do n’t deserve to play .
But unlike many security arms races , the detectors have the ability to look into the past .
Last year , a laboratory tested Lance Armstrong ’s urine and found traces of the banned substance EPO .
What ’s interesting is that the urine sample tested was n’t from 2005 ; it was from 1999 .
Back then , there were n’t any good tests for EVO in urine .
Today there are , and the lab took a frozen urine sample — who knew that labs save urine samples from athletes ? — and tested it .
He was later cleared — the lab procedures were sloppy — but I do n’t think the real ramifications of the episode were ever well understood .
Testing can go back in time .
This has two major effects .
One , doctors who develop new performance - enhancing drugs may know exactly what sorts of tests the anti-doping laboratories are going to run , and they can test their ability to evade drug detection beforehand .
But they cannot know what sorts of tests will be developed in the future , and athletes cannot assume that just because a drug is undetectable today it will remain so years later .
Two , athletes accused of doping based on years - old urine samples have no way of defending themselves .
They ca n’t resubmit to testing ; it ’s too late .
If I were an athlete worried about these accusations , I would deposit my urine “ in escrow ” on a regular basis to give me some ability to contest an accusation .
The doping arms race will continue because of the incentives .
It ’s a classic Prisoner ’s Dilemma .
Consider two competing athletes : Alice and Bob .
Both Alice and Bob have to individually decide if they are going to take drugs or not .
Imagine Alice evaluating her two options :
“ If Bob does n’t take any drugs , ” she thinks , “ then it will be in my best interest to take them .
They will give me a performance edge against Bob .
I have a better chance of winning .
“ Similarly , if Bob takes drugs , it ’s also in my interest to agree to take them .
At least that way Bob wo n’t have an advantage over me .
“ So even though I have no control over what Bob chooses to do , taking drugs gives me the better outcome , regardless of what his action . ”
Unfortunately , Bob goes through exactly the same analysis .
As a result , they both take performance - enhancing drugs and neither has the advantage over the other .
If they could just trust each other , they could refrain from taking the drugs and maintain the same non-advantage status — without any legal or physical danger .
But competing athletes can’t trust each other , and everyone feels he has to dope — and continues to search out newer and more undetectable drugs — in order to compete .
And the arms race continues .
Some sports are more vigilant about drug detection than others .
European bicycle racing is particularly vigilant ; so are the Olympics .
American professional sports are far more lenient , often trying to give the appearance of vigilance while still allowing athletes to use performance - enhancing drugs .
They know that their fans want to see beefy linebackers , powerful sluggers , and lightning - fast sprinters .
So , with a wink and a nod , they only test for the easy stuff .
For example , look at baseball ’s current debate on human growth hormone : HGH .
They have serious tests , and penalties , for steroid use , but everyone knows that players are now taking HGH because there is no urine test for it .
There ’s a blood test in development , but it ’s still some time away from working .
The way to stop HGH use is to take blood tests now and store them for future testing , but the players ’ union has refused to allow it and the baseball commissioner is n’t pushing it .
In the end , doping is all about economics .
Athletes will continue to dope because the Prisoner ’s Dilemma forces them to do so .
Sports authorities will either improve their detection capabilities or continue to pretend to do so — depending on their fans and their revenues .
And as technology continues to improve , professional athletes will become more like deliberately designed racing cars .
This essay originally appeared on Wired.com .
Posted on August 10 , 2006 at 5:18 AM • 66 Comments
Tickets to see The Rolling Stones in Toronto on Wednesday cost £ 4.60
" It 's not aimed , personally aimed , at President Bush , " he said .
" It would n't be called Sweet Neo Con if it was . "
The singer told US TV show Extra : " It 's not really aimed at anyone . "
On the track , he sings : " You call yourself a Christian , I call you a hypocrite . "
The band kicked off their latest world tour with an intimate gig in Toronto , Canada , on Wednesday .
For just C$ 10 ( £ 4.60 , US $ 8.35 ) a ticket , 1,000 fans at the Phoenix Theatre saw the rock legends warm up for their A Bigger Bang stadium tour .
' Home from home '
The band will play more than 40 shows in the US and Canada in the next five months before moving on to Mexico , South America , the Far East before reaching Europe next summer .
They often rehearse and perform in Toronto , a city they describe as a " home away from home " .
Wednesday 's gig saw them perform new songs as well as classics including Brown Sugar , Jumpin ' Jack Flash and a cover of Bob Marley 's Get Up , Stand Up .
Their new album , also titled A Bigger Bang , will be released next month .
Support acts on their tour will include Joss Stone , Black Eyed Peas , Metallica , Maroon 5 and Pearl Jam .
Hello ... A new group has started its journey in DeviantArt ...
The group is called Traditional - Masters and is a group for traditional artists who want to publicize their works and know the works of other traditional artists .. At the moment we are very few because it has just opened the group , but without a doubt we will grow and we will form a great community ...
It would be an honor to have your presence in the group ...
If you are interested , please sign up and you will be welcome ... Regards ... Traditional - Masters
Over the past several weeks , I ’ve tried several tweaks to my polyphasic sleeping routine .
I felt my habit of sleeping this way was established enough that I could afford to experiment a little .
I figured that since this was now my default pattern , I was n’t going to screw the whole thing up if I tried something different for a day or two .
That turned out to be an accurate assumption .
Ultimately , none of the tweaks I tried really worked … well , except maybe one ( sort of ) , but I ’m glad to have tried them because this has helped me map out the edges ( i.e. my limitations ) of this sleeping pattern .
I ’ve no idea whether my results will generalize to other people though .
Just as a reminder ( and for my newest readers ) , my default polyphasic sleeping pattern involves napping for 20 minutes roughly every 4 hours for a total of 6 naps every 24 hours .
I started this sleep schedule on October 20 , 2005 , so I ’ve been going for over 4 months now .
It feels like it ’s been much longer though .
Here are some of the tweaks I tried :
Skipping Naps .
I expect to encounter occasional situations where napping would be very inconvenient .
So I wanted to know what would happen if I tried to skip a daytime nap ( I would n’t likely ever need to skip one at night ) .
That did n’t work at all .
Staying awake 8 hours at a stretch was virtually impossible for me .
I can go about 6 - 7 hours max before I begin to crash hard , where I feel I absolutely must go to sleep .
After 6 + hours awake , I can barely think straight .
Trying to drive a car in this state would be very dangerous .
It must sound pretty pathetic not to be able to stay awake for 8 hours straight anymore , but that ’s the basic sacrifice required to sleep polyphasically .
It appears I ’ve conditioned my body not only to survive on this nap schedule but also to depend on it .
If I go too long without a nap , I feel an intense physical need to take a nap .
It ’s akin to dying of thirst and being desperate for a drink of water .
It does n’t seem to be a matter of self - discipline — my body just starts to shut down .
Delaying individual naps , however , does work .
I ’ve been doing that for months with no serious problems .
I can stretch the time between two naps to 6 - 7 hours , but when I do that , I need more frequent naps later to make up for it .
So I still end up getting 6 naps in a 24 - hour period .
I just have the freedom to slide them around a bit , as long as I do n’t overdo it ( i.e. I ca n’t have two back - to - back 6 - 7 hours waking periods ) .
Most of the time , once I go beyond 5 hours of waking time , I start feeling a bit loopy , and this feeling increases in intensity the longer I stay awake .
It ’s not the same feeling of sleepiness I used to get when I slept monophasically and stayed up past my usual bedtime .
That ’s drowsiness — with polyphasic sleep the sensation is different .
Probably the best way to describe it would be how Odo on Star Trek : Deep Space
Nine must feel when he ’s prevented from regenerating .
I feel a sense of increasing pressure to go nap .
But unlike drowsiness this sensation does n’t feel like it ’s coming from my brain .
It does n’t feel hormonal .
It feels more like a cellular pressure , like the cells of my body are demanding that I shutdown and reboot .
It ’s a difficult sensation to describe , since I never really felt anything like this when I slept monophasically .
With polyphasic sleep it ’s like my whole body tells me when to sleep instead of just my brain .
Taking a nap feels like I ’m shutting down for a reboot .
Even if I ’m really out of it when I lie down ( i.e. if I ’ve stayed up too long ) , after just 20 minutes I almost always awaken feeling terrific .
Sometimes for the first few minutes , I feel a bit disoriented .
Not sleepy … just confused .
My dreams are so rich and vivid now that when I wake up , I ’m often uncertain about where I am and need to reorient myself to my environment .
Now that I have up to six dreams every day that I wake up remembering , the dream world has become a more significant part of my daily existence than it used to be .
I ’m still experiencing time dilation when I nap .
So even though I ’m out for only 20 minutes , I might accumulate what feels like two hours worth of memories .
It feels like I ’m sleeping around 10 hours a day sometimes .
Pretty neat , eh ?
I ’m actually sleeping much less , but it feels like I ’m getting more sleep than I ever did .
It sure makes the days seem long though .
It took many weeks for me to get used to that .
Skipping Naps With Caffeine .
I knew from earlier experiments that as a general rule , caffeine and polyphasic sleep do n’t mesh .
Even one cup of caffeinated tea will throw me off , either causing me to need more frequent naps later or to oversleep .
But I wanted to see if caffeine could be used infrequently to effectively skip a nap , even if there might be a recovery consequence later .
So as an experiment , about an hour before I was due for a nap , I had a small coffee and skipped the nap .
This did effectively allow me to skip the nap .
I could stay awake for 8 - 9 hours straight without difficulty .
However , my next nap after that was usually not as deep , and during the nighttime naps later that day , I would invariably oversleep .
I could get up when my alarm went off , but I felt so tired I just had to go back to bed .
The naps just did n’t restore me like they usually did .
The duration of oversleeping was typically 3 - 4 hours .
But the upside is that after that I was fine again and could return to my previous pattern .
So if I absolutely need to stay up for 8 + hours at a stretch , a cup of coffee shortly before the skipped nap will do it .
But then later I ’ll have to pay the piper with a 3 - 4 hour make - up .
In some situations I think that would be a fair trade .
But unless I have a compelling reason to do this , I simply avoid caffeine .
Napping Without an Alarm .
When I began this experiment , I used a countdown timer alarm on my digital watch to wake me up .
But after a couple months of the alarm going off 6 x per day , I drained the watch battery .
Unfortunately , in the process of replacing the battery , a very tiny spring shot across the room , and I could n’t get the alarm to work without it ( although the other functions of the watch still did ) .
I combed the carpet with a magnet , but either the spring was n’t magnetic , or I just could n’t find it .
So I switched to a kitchen timer instead .
I ’ve been using that for a couple months now , and the battery is still good . 🙂
I read another polyphasic sleeper ’s log which said he did n’t need the alarm to wake him up after a few weeks .
So of course I wanted to try that .
I found it worked inconsistently .
Most of the time I ’d wake up after less than 20 minutes , but sometimes I ’d sleep 30 minutes or longer and then wake up groggy .
By default I still use the alarm for every nap .
My dependence on the alarm could be a result of having gotten up at 5 am with an alarm every morning before I ever attempted polyphasic sleep .
I was already conditioned to wake up this way , so perhaps the pattern just carried over .
My body was already trained to sleep until the alarm goes off .
I do n’t mind this too much because it ’s easy enough to set the alarm .
But being dependent on technology to maintain my sleep cycles does feel a bit unnatural … as if I ’m half - cyborg .
But then , blogs do n’t exactly grow on berry bushes either , so I ’m already pretty far gone as far as tech dependency goes . 🙂
30 - minute naps .
I ’ve been very happy with my 20 - minute naps , measured from the time I first lie down to the time my alarm goes off and I get up .
But I wanted to see if longer naps would make a difference , so I started setting my alarm for 30 minutes instead .
That did n’t work very well .
Usually I woke up naturally before 30 minutes had elapsed ( no problem there ) , but if I slept the full 30 minutes , I woke up feeling groggy and less energetic during the following waking period .
I also would n’t usually remember my dreams if I woke up at 30 minutes , which meant I ’d already passed beyond REM sleep .
So even if my alarm sometimes interrupted my dreams , I found it better to wake up while I was dreaming than to sleep too long beyond that point .
More sleep apparently does n’t equate with feeling more rested .
In this case I ’ve found that sleeping too long is just as bad as not sleeping enough .
It took some trial and error to zero in on the right amount of sleep for me .
30 - minute naps every 6 hours .
I had read that this is how Buckminster Fuller slept for a couple years ( I ca n’t verify the veracity of this though ) , so I thought it might be interesting to attempt .
Even though the 30 - minute nap experiment had already failed , I wondered what would happen if I pushed my waking periods to 6 hours and did 30 minute naps .
Maybe then my body would find a way to get more REM sleep , and 30 minutes would turn out to be just right .
This experiment was a total flop .
One day I had my usual nap at 5 am and then tried to take the next one at 11 am instead of my usual 9 am .
It was hard , but I did it .
Then I pushed my next nap to 5 pm .
This was even harder , but with some effort I managed , although I definitely felt sleep deprived .
After getting up from my 5 pm nap , I did n’t feel rested enough , and as time went on I became increasingly agitated and uncomfortable .
Eventually I felt I just had to go to sleep .
My family went to bed , and then I went downstairs to nap on the couch .
I set the alarm for 30 minutes and went to bed at 10 pm , so my cycles were 6 hours , 6 hours , and 5 hours .
Some time later I woke up in the dark , but it was n’t from hearing my alarm .
I could tell I ’d slept a long time , and I wondered what happened to the alarm .
I went to turn the light on and laughed when I saw the clock .
4:15 am . I ’d slept a full 6:15 .
I went to check my alarm to see what happened .
This particular kitchen timer has a feature such that after the countdown alarm begins to sound , it immediately begins counting up from 0:00 .
Also , this alarm does n’t shut off by itself — it will keep blaring until I manually shut it off .
It ’s very easy to turn off though ; just press any button .
Normally when I turn it off , the counter reads 0:03 or 0:04 … as much as 0:07 if I have to fumble around in the dark for it .
Well , this time when I looked back at the timer , it read 0:18 . 18 seconds !
So apparently I did turn it off , but it took me an insanely long time to do it , especially since it was within arm ’s reach of the couch where I slept .
I had absolutely no memory of the alarm sounding and certainly none of me turning it off .
So either it took an unusually long time for the alarm to wake me up , or I was so disoriented that I fumbled around half - conscious for 18 seconds trying to shut it off .
So that was a pretty funny result .
I do n’t think I ’ll be trying that again any time soon .
I ’m not saying the 30×4 pattern can’t work , but it seems it would require another difficult adaptation to adjust to it .
After each of these experiments , I was able to quickly return to my default polyphasic pattern .
It ’s good to know that I can try some tweaks without having to go through that hellish adaptation period again .
At least for now , I do n’t seem to be able to beat the 20×6 pattern .
I can stretch it a little as needed , but when I try to break it , it just breaks me instead . 🙂
Psychologically , I feel well adjusted to the polyphasic pattern .
As I ’ve said previously , I believe the social and psychological adjustment was an even greater challenge than the physical adaptation .
If I ever do go back to monophasic sleep again , it would likely be because I experience a change in circumstances that renders polyphasic sleep impractical .
For example , if I start doing all - day public seminars at some point , how well would a polyphasic pattern adapt ?
The best answer I can give right now is that it depends on the details .
Would there be enough breaks at the right times and convenient access to a good place to sleep ?
At least it ’s nice to know some of the boundaries , such as how I can shuffle naps around , so I can exhibit some flexibility when the situation calls for it .
In fact , if you review the experiments above , you ’ll see they ’re very similar to their monophasic cousins .
Skipping a full night of sleep does n’t degrade performance .
Caffeine interferes with restful sleep .
Sleeping without an alarm will sometimes lead to oversleeping .
Sleeping longer is n’t always better .
And screwing too much with your default sleep pattern will likely require a multi-day adaptation period during which you suffer some deprivation effects .
setf
setf
setf
( defclass foo ()
( ( foo - slot - 1 :accessor foo - slot - 1 ) ) )
( defparameter * a - foo* ( make - instance ' foo ) )
( macroexpand - 1 '( setf ( foo- slot - 1 *a - foo * ) 99 ) )
( let * (( #:temp1 *a - foo * ) )
( multiple - value - bind ( #:temp0 )
99
( funcall #'( setf foo - slot - 1 ) # :temp0 #:temp1 ) ) )
; ; i.e. , ( funcall #'( setf foo - slot - 1 ) 99 * a- foo * )
#'( setf foo - slot -1 )
funcall
funcall function &rest args => result *
function --- a function designator .
function designator n. a designator for a function ; that is , an object that denotes a function and that is one of : a symbol ( denoting the function named by that symbol in the global environment ) , or a function ( denoting itself ) .
The consequences are undefined if a symbol is used as a function designator but it does not have a global definition as a function , or it has a global definition as a macro or a special form .
See also extended function designator .
#'( setf a )
extended function designator n. a designator for a function ; that is , an object that denotes a function and that is one of : a function name ( denoting the function it names in the global environment ) , or a function ( denoting itself ) .
The consequences are undefined if a function name is used as an extended function designator but it does not have a global definition as a function , or if it is a symbol that has a global definition as a macro or a special form .
See also function designator .
function name n. 1 . ( in an environment ) A symbol or a list ( setf symbol ) that is the name of a function in that environment .
2 . A symbol or a list ( setf symbol ) .
setf function n. a function whose name is ( setf symbol ) .
setf function name n. ( of a symbol S ) the list ( setf S ) .
( setf symbol )
setf foo- slot -1 )
setf
funcall
#'
#'( setf foo - slot -1 )
( function ( setf foo - slot - 1 ) )
( setf foo - slot - 1 )
function
#'( setf foo - slot -1 )
#
( funcall #( setf symbol ) newvalue oldvalue )
5.1.2.9 Other Compound Forms as Places
For any other compound form for which the operator is a symbol f , the setf form expands into a call to the function named ( setf f ) .
The first argument in the newly constructed function form is newvalue and the remaining arguments are the remaining elements of place .
This expansion occurs regardless of whether f or ( setf f ) is defined as a function locally , globally , or not at all .
For example ,
( setf ( f arg1 ar g2 ... ) new - value )
expands into a form with the same effect and value as
( let ( ( # : temp - 1 arg1 ) ; force correct order of evaluation
( #:temp - 2 arg2 )
...
( #:temp -0 new - value ) )
( funcall ( function ( setf f ) ) #:temp - 0 #:temp - 1 #:temp - 2... ) )
A function named ( setf f ) must return its first argument as its only value in order to preserve the semantics of setf .
( setf ( mumble object : keyword1 : keyword2 ) newvalue )
( funcall #'( setf mumble ) newvalue : keyword1 :keyword2 )
setf
huge
Yesterday I wanted to wrap a library ' smethod in anothermethod that I was writing , but I was n't sure how to directly call the other library ' smethod .
Say I have the following : Then if I macroexpand the call to ( using SBCL ) : I get the following ( with some cleaning up of the gensyms ) : That function argumentlooks pretty strange , so I tried finding out what is going on here .
After a lot of research , here 's what I found .
From the HyperSpec , has the following syntax :
The glossary entry for ' function designator ' is n't too helpfulSinceis clearly not a symbol , it must be a function , but that 's certainly a weird way to designate a function .
The entry for " extended function designator " is n't by itself any more useful , but provides a small clue :
The key here is " function name " : Additionally , there 's also these entries : Aha !
So the only two ways to specify a function name is with a symbol ( the case we 're all familiar with ) or the listSo , we 're pretty close .
The list ( is afunction name .
You 'll note thattakes a function designator and not an extended function designator , that is , it takes functions , not function names .
Of course , the way to get from function names to functions is to use the function " function " or the better know reader macro .
Thus , we finally have , which is equivilent to ( no quote needed forbecauseis a special operator .
So , if you type , you 'll get back something like
The final oddity is the ordering of the arguments , it appears to beThis is explained in the sections explaining how setf expansion works :
Putting the new value first allows everything following to look just like the call to the accessing function , even if it has lots of additional lambda keyword arguments , for examplebeing transformed into something likeAnyway , I was able to successfully call the other library ' smethod by following the above example .
My final thoughts , I have aamount of respect for the people able to read between the lines of the spec and be able to correctly implement all of the nooks and crannies of Common Lisp .
EXPERTS TELL US the Eskimos have about four dozen words for snow .
Or is it 200 ?
Or seven ?
Or maybe four ?
Here 's a hint :
It 's roughly the same number as in English .
And here 's another hint :
Most of the people who throw Eskimo snow - word numbers around do n't know anything about it , and have n't bothered to look it up .
( Full article : 1306 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
NASA has outlined plans for dealing with an asteroid a quarter of a mile wide that astronomers believe is on a near - collision course with Earth .
The agency says there is no need at present to dispatch a radio transponder to the asteroid , but adds that it will be keeping a close eye on the rock 's progress through the solar system .
Stargate fans will no doubt delight in the knowledge that the asteroid , which used to be known as 2004MN4 , has now been dubbed 99942 Apophis .
If the current estimates are correct , the asteroid will miss our planet by just tens of thousands of miles , some time in 2029 .
While this is plenty of distance in everyday terms , in astronomical terms , it is a very near miss .
In addition , the proximity of the pass is likely to be such that the gravitational interaction between the asteroid and the Earth could alter the rock 's projected orbit , making it more likely to hit us seven years later in 2036 .
If it did hit , the damage would be substantial , but not deadly on a global scale .
If it hit a city , there would n't be much urban life left , and if it landed in the sea , it would trigger a potentially destructive tsunami .
The space agency says that if the asteroid still appears to be threatening Earth by 2013 , it will start work on a mission to visit Apophis with a probe in 2019 .
This would be followed by an attempt to deflect the asteroid some time between 2024 and 2028 .
It also estimates that planning and executing a deflection mission would only take seven years from start to finish , rather then the 12 suggested by the B612 Foundation .
This would make it unnecessary to mark the asteroid with a transponder before 2021 , when a decision on deflection would have to be made , because by then scientists should have a far more accurate idea of the path Apophis is going to take .
The Deep Impact mission would serve as a model for the deflection attempt mission , although presumably the impactor would be considerably more massive than Deep Impact 's 300 kg chunk of copper .
NASA 's plans were made public by the B612 Foundation , a group agitating for more action from governments on the threat from near - earth - objects .
In June this year it asked NASA whether Apophis needed to be tagged with a transponder , and what NASA would do if the asteroid did turn out to pose a serious threat to Earth .
The B612 Foundation says that while it welcome 's NASA 's response to its questions , if it had n't raised the question " the current understanding of the Apophis circumstances might not have developed .
This is not an acceptable scenario " . ®
Sunday , March 20 , 2005
10 Types of Movie Villains
I might be wrong , but I think there are only 10 kinds of Hollywood movie villains :
1 . The wild beast :
He usually has only one eye or only one arm , long unwashed hair , and he ’s creeping in smelly dark alleys .
He carries a big gun to attack people at random , and sometimes drives a bike .
He will visit a shady bar during the movie to have someone unsuspecting pick a fight with him .
2 . The gentleman killer :
He ’s well - educated ( he knows French words ) , has a sense of arrogant humor , a suit , and often sports a well - trimmed beard .
He usually has muscular henchman to perform killings but also kills himself at least once to prove how cold his heart is ( very , very cold ) .
3 . The small - time crook :
He ’s small - time ( bank robber and similar ) , but kills a lot and without second thoughts .
His down - to - earth brutality serves to add realism ( hence suspense ) to the movie .
4 . The super villain : A super hero needs a super villain to compete against in near - eternal rivalry .
Super villains are always the opposite of the super - hero and mostly have special reasons to hate him .
They will always fall in , inhale or drink some poisonous green substance in the beginning of the movie to make them “ super ” ( mostly , super - schizophrenic ) .
The super villain is highly intelligent , usually a scientist , and feels his acts are justified .
5 . The pseudo - buddy :
You wo n’t know he ’s the bad guy because he seems to be the good guy ’s best friend ( or his cop colleague , or his mentor , or his satanic child ) .
Well , at least you wo n’t know the first time you watch this kind of movie , so once you are around 10 years old you probably do know .
6 . The nemesis :
He ’s a big corporation kind of guy , bullying our hero within the realms of the perfectly legal ( albeit immoral ) .
A more harmless version of the nemesis did n’t quite qualify as a villain ; it ’s the kind of annoying career - oriented news reporter who gets knocked unconscious by the hero in the end .
7 . The psycho :
He ’s a maniac with a smile on his face and hunts people , especially the movie hero .
What separates him from other types of evil - doers is that he does n’t want money ( he ’s just crazy ) .
Sometimes the psycho is also partially a gentleman killer ( see type 2 ) .
8 . The gentleman burglar :
He ’s actually a good guy posing as bad guy .
He ’s into stealing jewelry but leaves notes for the good good guy to track him down in a sort of love - hate relationship .
A somewhat more brutal variant of the gentleman burglar is the mafia hit man .
9 . The nice guy :
This man will pose as clown or family man , but always starts to kill .
You will see him handing candy to kids on the street during sunset , while our hero ( the only one with inside knowledge ) runs towards him in slow - motion , uttering a hyperdramatic “ Noo - o - o - o .... ”
10 .
The sports villain : OK , the sports villain – a boxer , Karate black - belt etc . – is not really evil , he ’s just trained by Russians ( or whatever is the evil du jour ) to beat the brains out of our hero , repeatedly .
By the way : variants 1 - 4 will always die at the end .
5 and 6 may die , 7 never does , and 10 mostly only ends up in hospital .
8 and 9 escape to Morocco .
>>
More posts
Advertisement
CBS News says Michael Brown rehired as FEMA consultant RAW STORY Click here for CBS video clip CBS News ' Bob Schieffer just announced that the Federal Emergency Management Agency has rehired ex-FEMA chief Michael Brown -- as a consultant to evaluate the agency 's response to the disaster !
From CBS 's Katrina blog : " Sept. 26 , 2005 /6:44 p.m. ( CBS ) — CBS
News correspondent Gloria Borger reports that Michael Brown , who recently resigned as the head of the FEMA , has been rehired by the agency as a consultant to evaluate it's [ sic ] response following Hurricane Katrina . "
Advertisement
CBS says they 've confirmed Brown had been rehired .
Brown resigned after taking heat when a Time Magazine article revealed that he had padded his resume with bogus jobs .
The Associated Press , however , tells the story differently : " Brown is continuing to work at the Federal Emergency Management Agency at full pay , with his Sept. 12 resignation not taking effect for two more weeks , said Homeland Security Department spokesman Russ Knocke . "
Late Monday evening , CBS contacted Knocke , and then published a story on their Website , which is co-credited to the Associated Press , that clarified Brown 's current employment status with FEMA : CBS News correspondent Gloria Borger reports that Knocke told her that technically Brown remains at FEMA as a " contractor " and he is " transitioning out of his job . "
The reason he will remain at FEMA about a month after his resignation , said the spokesman , is that the agency wants to get the " proper download of his experience . "
During that time , Brown will advise the department on " some of his views on his experience with Katrina , " as he transitions out of his job , Knocke told the Associated Press .
Brown had been shopping his resume in Washington .
Wrote U.S. News ' Washington
Whispers last week : " Ex-FEMA Administrator Michael Brown seems to be doing for his career what he did for the beleaguered agency .
Less than a week after FEMA 's dismal Hurricane Katrina response forced Brown out of the agency , he has been shopping his resume to headhunters and Washington PR firms .
And it 's not working .
" He 's radioactive , " said one exec .
An ally of Brownie in the PR world said he should have waited a month before starting his job hunt .
" It 's just a bad play . "
CBS DEVELOPING ....
Originally published on Monday September 26 , 2005 .
JOHN SEARLE'S CHINESE ROOM ARGUMENT
John Searle begins his ( 1990 ) ``Consciousness , Explanatory Inversion and Cognitive Science ' ' with
``Ten years ago in this journal I published an article ( Searle , 1980a and 1980b ) criticising what I call Strong AI , the view that for a system to have mental states it is sufficient for the system to implement the right sort of program with right inputs and outputs .
Strong AI is rather easy to refute and the basic argument can be summarized in one sentence : {\it a system , me for example , could implement a program for understanding Chinese , for example , without understanding any Chinese at all .}
This idea , when developed , became known as the Chinese Room Argument . ''
The Chinese Room Argument can be refuted in one sentence :
Searle confuses the mental qualities of one computational process , himself for example , with those of another process that the first process might be interpreting , a process that understands Chinese , for example .
Here 's the argument in more detail .
A man is in a room with a book of rules .
Chinese sentences are passed under the door to him .
The man looks up in his book of rules how to process the sentences .
Eventually the rules tell him to copy some Chinese characters onto paper and pass the resulting Chinese sentences as a reply to the message he has received .
The dialog continues .
To follow these rules the man need not understand Chinese .
Searle concludes from this that a computer program carrying out the rules does n't understand Chinese either , and therefore no computer program can understand anything .
He goes on to argue about biology being necessary for understanding .
Here 's the refutation in still more detail .
Assume the process is a good participant in an intelligent Chinese conversation , i.e. behaves as though it understands Chinese .
What is required for that we 'll discuss shortly .
The so - called Berkeley answer is that the system , consisting of the man and the book of rules , understands Chinese .
Our answer is an elaboration of the Berkeley answer .
A computer interprets computer programs , i.e. carries them out instruction by instruction .
Indeed a program can interpret other programs , e.g. a Lisp or Java interpreter interprets , i.e. carries out , Lisp or Java programs .
We speak of the interpreter as carrying out the Lisp program , although this could be elaborated to saying that the computer carries out the Lisp interpreter which is carrying out the Lisp program step by step .
Indeed a time - shared operating system can carry out many different programs at once , some may be in machine language , others may be in Lisp , C , Fortran or Java .
Suppose one of these programs is a Lisp program carrying out an intelligent Chinese conversation with someone at a terminal .
Suppose another program is carrying out an intelligent French conversation or a different Chinese conversation with someone at a different terminal .
Assume that these conversations are normally considered to require an understanding of Chinese or French .
What understands Chinese ?
We do n't want to say that the computer understands Chinese and French but rather that the respective programs understand Chinese and French respectively .
Indeed if we have two Chinese conversation programs , one may understand Chinese well and the other hardly at all .
Returning to the man in the room .
He can be carrying out a conversation in English or playing chess while he is interpreting the book of rules for a Chinese conversation .
Indeed he may have memorized the book of rules and be carrying them out in his head .
As with the computer programs , it 's the process that understands Chinese well or badly .
Let 's consider some practicalities that may help us understand the question better .
There are two extreme levels on which the man may be carrying out the Chinese conversation .
One level is that of Joseph Weizenbaum 's 1965 program ELIZA .
It makes sentences by re-arranging and transforming the words in the input sentence .
Thus one version , called DOCTOR , and included in the Xemacs editor , replies to " My mother hates me ? " with " Why do you say mother hates you " .
According to Weizenbaum ( personal communication ) , ELIZA requires so little computation that it can be carried out by hand .
Thus an ELIZA level Chinese room is entirely feasible .
Does an ELIZA level Chinese room understand Chinese ?
It depends on what you mean by " understand " , but I would prefer to say that a Chinese ELIZA does not understand Chinese .
We 'll see why ?
Now consider a Chinese room that passes the Turing test , i.e. the Chinese interlocutor cannot be sure whether he is conversing with an intelligent fellow Chinese speaker .
This is not feasible with a man and a book of rules .
In fact it is beyond the present state of the art in artificial intelligence .
While the book of rules probably need n't be bigger than an ordinary encyclopedia , I doubt that a human could carry out the rules at better than $ 10 ^ { - 9} $ of the speed required for conversation .
What is required for a Chinese room that passes the Turing test ?
A knowledge base of facts about the world , e.g. about 3 - dimensional objects and the fact that they fall when unsupported and end up on the floor or ground .
A knowledge base of facts about Chinese life and the Chinese language .
A representation of the conversational purpose of the program .
A program that translates the sentences into some internal form and responds appropriately , given the motivations we have given the program .
A program that translates the output sentences into Chinese , prints the result , and pushes it back under the door .
These requirements can , at least in principle , be implemented in a variety of ways , e.g. by a sequentially operating neural net or by a logic based reasoner .
I think the latter approach can do more now and will approach the goal of a human level conversation sooner .
So what is it to understand Chinese ?
Understanding Chinese involves being able to translate Chinese sentences into some internal representation and to reason with the internal representation and some knowledge base .
Thus understanding " Tom is an airplane pilot . " requires being able to correctly answer , " Does Tom know how rotating the control column left affects the ailerons ? "
More about understanding is discussed in my Making Robots Conscious of their Mental States .
More Searle arguments
`` Once we get out of that confusion , once we escape the clutches of two thousand years of dualism , we can see that consciousness is a biological phenomenon like any other and ultimately our understanding out it is most likely to come through biological investigation ' '
John Searle - New York Review of Books , letter pp 58 - 59 , 1990 June 14 .
My view is that consciousness is an abstract phenomenon , currently best realized in biology , but causal systems of the right structure can also realize it .
See Making Robots Conscious of their Mental States .
The discussion of the Chinese Room has remained at an excessively high level on both sides .
I propose to discuss what would actually be involved in a set of rules for conducting a conversation in Chinese , independently of whether these rules are to be carried out by a human or a machine .
First we must exclude various forms of cheating that are n't excluded by Searle 's formulation of the problem .
1 . We need to exclude a system like Weizenbaum 's Eliza that merely looks for certain words in the input and makes certain syntactic transformations on each sentence to generate an output sentence .
I would n't count such a program as understanding Chinese , and a fortiori Searle would n't either .
The program must respond as though it knew the facts that would be familiar to an educated Chinese .
2 . If the rules are to be executed by a human , they must not involve translating what was said into English , e.g. by giving the dictionary entries for the characters .
If this were done , the English speaker could use his own understanding of the facts of the world to generate English responses that he then translates into Chinese .
The database of facts must not be in English .
We also suppose that the human is not allowed to do cryptanalysis to translate the inputs or the database into English .
This eliminates the forms of cheating that I can think of , but I do n't guarantee that there are n't others .
How shall we construct our program ?
Artificial intelligence is a difficult scientific problem , and conceptual advances are required before programs with human level intelligence can be devised .
Here are some considerations .
1 . In discussing concrete questions of intelligence , it is useful to distinguish between a system 's algorithms and its store of facts .
While it is possible in principle to consider the facts as built into the algorithm , making the distinction is practically essential for studying both human and machine intelligence .
We communicate mainly in facts even when we are trying to tell each other algorithms .
2 . The central problem of AI is , in my opinion , achieving goals in the commonsense informatic situation See my What is artificial intelligence ?
for more on this .
Searle offers four axioms .
1. Brains cause minds .
" Cause " makes me a little nervous .
If he only means that the human mind is an abstraction of part of the operation of the brain , I 'll agree .
2. Syntax is not sufficient for semantics .
This purported axiom is slippery .
Does he just mean that defining a language , whether a natural language , first order logical language , or a programming language , requires defining what the expressions of the language mean ?
If that 's what he means , I agree .
3. Computer programs are entirely defined by their formal , or syntactic structures .
This is ok provided we remember that the programming language has a semantics , and the data structures used by the program must have semantics if the program is to be intelligent .
4 . Minds have mental contents ; specifically they have semantic contents .
That 's ok with the above provisos .
Conclusion 1 .
No computer program by itself is sufficient to give a system a mind .
Programs , in short , are not minds , and they are not by themselves sufficient for having minds .
The conclusion does n't follow from the axioms , not even informally .
I should remark that Searle 's Chinese room argument has n't convinced very many of his fellow philosophers .
In his Scientific American article on the Chinese room Searle makes an interesting mistake , though not a new mistake .
He writes that a transcript of the Chinese conversation could equally well represent the score of a chess game or stock market predictions .
This will only be true if the Chinese conversation is very short ; perhaps it would have to be less that 20 characters - or maybe it 's 100 characters .
We have to haggle about what equally well means .
We can get a 1 - 1 correspondence between Chinese dialogs and chess scores by enumerating Chinese dialogs and enumerating chess scores and putting the nth dialog correspond to the nth score .
This is n't good enough .
Both Chinese dialogs and chess scores have meaningful substructures , and the previously described correspondence does not make the substructures correspond .
One structure is that of initial segments .
The initial segment of a Chinese dialog is meaningful to a Chinese , and an initial segment of a chess score is meaningful to a chess player , and these meanings related to the meanings of the whole dialog and the whole score respectively .
All this relates to the notion of unicity distance in cryptography .
A simple substitution cryptogram that has less than 21 letters is likely to have several interpretations .
With more than 21 letters the interpretation is extremely likely to be unique .
That 's why people can solve cryptograms .
I think there is a mathematical theorem stating that meaningful strings in a structured language have unique interpretations if their lengths exceed some rather small bound .
I do n't know how to formulate such a theorem .
I do n't know whether this mistake of Searle 's is related to his Chinese room mistake .
It seems to me that Quine 's assertions about " the indeterminacy of radical translation " are based on too small examples .
However , I may be misunderstanding what Quine was claiming .
Send comments to mccarthy@stanford.edu .
I sometimes make changes suggested in them .
- John McCarthy
The number of hits on this page since 2001 September 28 .
The nature of the so - called placebo effect continues to tantalize scientists as an increasing number of lab experiments are detecting robust physiological responses to placebos .
And just to add fuel to the fire , a new study , published in the British Medical Journal , takes placebo investigations one step further by comparing the effects from two different placebo treatments .
The researchers , from Harvard Medical School , usually use placebos in clinical trials to test the effectiveness of a new treatment , but this is the first study that pitted one placebo against another .
Such an experiment may seem wrong - headed and researcher Ted Kaptchuk admits that “ it ’s upside down research . ”
The two placebos that Kaptchuk looked at were a sham acupuncture device and an inert pill .
The study , involving over 250 subjects with chronic arm pain , was conducted in two phases .
In the first phase , half were given sham acupuncture , and half were given a placebo pill over a two week period .
The findings from this phase showed no strong evidence for an enhanced effect with placebo acupuncture compared to placebo pills .
But in the second phase of the study , the results were more interesting .
This phase saw half the patients entered in a sham acupuncture device versus real acupuncture trial , and the other half in a placebo pill versus real pain pill trial .
Both trials in this phase were conducted over a longer period .
The results indicated that the patients receiving sham acupuncture reported a more significant decrease in pain and symptom severity than those receiving placebo pills for the duration of the trials .
The researchers say that this shows that the placebo effect varies by type of placebo used .
“ These findings suggest that the medical ritual of a device can deliver an enhanced placebo effect beyond that of a placebo pill .
There are many conditions in which ritual is irrelevant when compared with drugs , such as in treatment of a bacterial infection , ” said Kaptchuk , “ but the other extreme may also be true .
In some cases , the ritual may be the critical component . ”
While the results are based on subjective reports from patients about their perception of pain and the severity of their condition , Kaptchuk says the results of this study add evidence pointing to the existence of a placebo effect in a clinical environment .
He also believes that the results provide evidence that what doctors tell patients about side effects directly influences their experience of them .
Prior to participating in the study , the researchers provided informed consent forms alerting the patients as to the side effects they might experience : temporary soreness for acupuncture and fatigue and dry - mouth for the pills .
Of those receiving placebos , 25 percent of sham acupuncture and 31 percent of placebo pill patients reported experiencing the very side effects suggested to them , even though the bogus treatments could not possibly cause them .
Source : Harvard Medical School
Survival rates following the most common form of cardiac arrest increased three - fold when emergency medical personnel used a new form of CPR developed at The University of Arizona Sarver Heart Center .
The new approach , called Cardiocerebral Resuscitation , is dramatically different from guideline - directed CPR procedures .
Because of its importance , the editors of the American Journal of Medicine chose to publish the report online in advance of the journal 's April print issue .
" Cardiocerebral Resuscitation eliminates certain previously recommended procedures and reprioritizes the order of actions the emergency medical services deliver , " said Michael J. Kellum , MD , leading author of the study report .
Under the new approach , first responders skipped the first steps of the standard protocol : intubating the patient for ventilation and delivering a shock using a defibrillator .
While still attaching the victim to a defibrillator , they did not wait for the device to analyze the patient 's heart rhythm , but started fast , forceful chest compressions .
" Intubating the patient and waiting for the defibrillator to do its analysis takes time - time a cardiac arrest victim does n't have , " said Gordon A. Ewy , MD , director of the Sarver Heart Center and co-author of the study .
" I am convinced that Cardiocerebral Resuscitation will have a world - wide impact . "
" In laboratory experiments , we found that the most important factor of survival is to keep the blood moving through the body by continuous chest compressions , " said Dr. Ewy , who pioneered the CPR Research Group at the Sarver Heart Center .
" Stopping chest compressions for ventilations was far more harmful than helpful .
Excessive ventilations during chest compression turned out to be harmful , too . "
First responders applying the new protocol were able to resuscitate the majority ( 58 percent ) of out - of - hospital witnessed cardiac arrest victims , provided they had a " shockable " initial heart rhythm .
" Shockable " describes a condition in which the heart quivers rather than beats but can be shocked back into normal beat with a defibrillator .
In contrast , the survival rate was only 20 percent in the 3 years before , when the standard CPR protocol was used .
The current study , which involved 125 patients , reports the experiences after the revised protocol was implemented in two Wisconsin counties in a collaboration between the CPR Research Group at the University of Arizona 's Sarver Heart Center and the Mercy Health System in Wisconsin .
" We think one of the reasons that CPR as directed by international guidelines has not worked well is because it is designed for two entirely different conditions : cardiac arrest and respiratory arrest , " said Dr. Ewy .
" What is good for one may not be good for the other .
Cardiocerebral Resuscitation is designed for cardiac arrest .
Sudden unexpected collapse in an adult is almost always due to cardiac arrest .
The new approach is not recommended for respiratory arrest , a much less common situation following , for example , drowning or drug overdose . "
As a cause of death , out - of - hospital cardiac arrest is second only to all cancer deaths combined , taking the lives of 490,000 Americans every year .
Unlike the impression created by TV shows such as " E.R. " , the chance of surviving an out - of - hospital cardiac arrest is usually much less than 10 percent .
In spite of periodic updates of standardized international guidelines , survival rates have remained more or less unchanged over the last couple of decades .
Survival rates are better only if an automated external defibrillator ( AED ) is available and is used soon after the cardiac arrest .
###
Reference :
Michael J. Kellum , MD , Kevin W. Kennedy , MS , and Gordon A. Ewy , MD. Cardiocerebral Resuscitation Improves Survival of Patients with Out - of - Hospital Cardiac Arrest .
The American Journal of Medicine ( 2006 ) 119 , 335-340 .
I was just thinking that Americans had literally outsourced everything they could to India , when somebody brought to my notice what could be the next wave of outsourcing - Fast Food Order Outsourcing .
Sounds yummy ?
" Good morning , this is Vikram from Bangalore .
What would you like to order today ?............. Would you like to have some fries with that ?
.... How about some coke on the go ? "
"
I 'm lovin ' it .
"
McDonald 's has started experimenting in a new direction in about 40 of its fast food outlets across America .
Since the last one and a half years , McDonald 's has been routing orders from its fast food outlets scattered across America in California , Hawaii , Mississippi and Wyoming to a hi-tech call center located at Santa Clara in California via the Internet .
Operated by Bronco Communications , call center employees from this company process the order instantly and relay it back to the respective outlets where the orders are displayed on the TV console for the caterers to attend to the orders and dispatch them and for the cashiers to collect the displayed amount .
The experiment started as a result of complaints from customers across the US of the differences in English accents of the order takers that created gaps in communications , with the result that customers got served items that were not even remotely close to what they ordered .
As a step towards solving this problem , McDonald 's decided to establish uniformity in order taking , by routing the orders to call centers .
The CKE restaurant 's chain is also set to try out this at five of the Carl Jr's restaurants in California .
Now , think what the next logical step would be for McDonald 's and CKEs after the feasibility of the process has been established ?
Save some money and outsource the Fast Food Order taking to India , right ?.
Do n't be surprised if the next time you are at an American McDonald 's drive thru to order food and a voice crackles out of the speaker , There 's not much else you can say but ,
699 of 799 Sponsor Message Sponsor Message
Aircraft Lufthansa
Boeing 747-430 Reg. : D - ABVE MSN : 24741 Line No. : 787 Caption Northern light over north of Canada !
That is a magic scene to watch for real !!!( Canon D60 , Canon 15 mm Fisheye , 15sec ) Photographer Yevgeny Pashnin 799 USA
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 2.1K )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Yevgeny Pashnin Airline Lufthansa Version Boeing 747-430 Generic Type Boeing 747-400 ( AL - 1 ) Basic Type Boeing 747-400 ( AL - 1 ) Manufacturer Boeing MSN 24741 Line No. 787 Reg. D - ABVE Location In Flight Country International Airspace Date Photographed January 22 , 2004 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 1,505,694
Photo Added : March 06 , 2004
Photo Albums Containing This Photo Album Views Likes Photos Hot Wings
These are the best photos on Airliners net - great shots tomford United Kingdom Views 3.4M Likes 4 Photos 196K EJrunner 's Awesome A.net photos ejrunner017 USA Views 1.3M Likes 0 Photos 139.9 K Dreamshots !!
Looks like they were taken out of a dream !!
Enjoy !!
zero18 664 Puerto Rico Views 1.1M Likes 5 Photos 7.9 K
The top
The best aviation album mrglue England , United Kingdom Views 1.1M Likes 3 Photos 61.7K
Photo Copyright © Yevgeny Pashnin .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
I went to the bank this morning to initiate a wire transfer for the remaining amount due on the plane ( pics ) and was surprised at how unpredictable the process is .
My goal was to give them all the paperwork , ensure I had sufficient funds , and schedule the transfer such that the money arrives in the sellers ' account on a particular date next week .
But they can't do that .
They cannot hold the paperwork for any amount of time .
They 'll process it the same day I turn it in .
I guess I can understand that .
They 're a bank , not a scheduling service .
However , they can't tell me which day to drop of the paperwork to ensure that the funds arrive on my target date .
The teller informed me that " it usually takes 48 hours , but that does n't mean the funds will be available on the other end . "
WTF ?!
Seriously , this is 2006 and we can't know how long it takes money to get from point A to point B ?
And they charge $ 30 for the transfer .
Contrast this with another option : FedEx .
I can get a FedEx envelope , stuff it with $ 100 bills ( or a certified bank check ) , and send it overnight with a signature required for less than $ 30 ( without insurance ) .
In this scenario , I get to track the progress of my package remotely and am fairly certain that it will arrive on the right day .
It seems to me that FedEx is better at what ought to be a core competency of an organization like Bank of America .
Perhaps Heisenberg helped design the system ?
Posted by jzawodn at April 04 , 2006 10:34 AM
Last updated at 16:29 05 February 2007
A computer expert has described his astonishment at seeing the BBC 's 24 - hour news channel interview supposed taxi driver Guy Goma in the mistaken belief it was him .
Guy Kewney - a white , bearded technology expert - was astonished to see himself appear on screen as a black man with an apparent French accent .
He was even more shocked to see himself unable to answer basic questions about the legal battle between the Beatles ' Apple Corps and Apple Computer over the use of an apple symbol .
Video :
Watch the interview here
Mr Kewney , an IT journalist , watched as Mr Goma , whose identity remained a mystery until it was revealed on Monday night by the BBC , gamely attempted to answer questions fired at him by BBC consumer affairs correspondent Karen Bowerman .
Mr Goma , a graduate from the Congo , described his surprise interview ordeal as " very stressful " .
He found himself being ushered into a studio and fitted with a microphone after raising his hand when a producer called out the name Guy Kewney .
On his website , the real Mr Kewney , said that the man " seemed as baffled as I felt " when asked about the consequences of the lawsuit live on BBC News 24 .
It is unclear why Mr Goma identified himself when Mr Kewney 's named was called .
Only when Ms Bowerman announced live on air the name and title of the man who should have been there and asked the first question did the driver realise there had been a mix - up .
A BBC spokeswoman said : " Unfortunately we did make a mistake and the wrong person was interviewed briefly on air before we cut to our reporter .
" We apologise to viewers for any confusion . "
Read the transcript of the interview below ...
The interview
Karen Bowerman : Guy Kewney is editor of the technology website Newswireless .
Face of horror
KB : Hello , good morning to you .
Mr Goma : Good morning .
KB : Were you surprised by this verdict today .
Mr Goma : I am very surprised to see ... this verdict to come on me because I was not expecting that .
When I came they told me somehting else and I am coming .
So a big surprise anyway .
KB : A big surprise , yeah , yes .
Mr Goma : Exactly .
KB : With regards to the costs involved do you think now more people will be downloading online ?
Mr Goma : Actually
If you can walk everywhere you are going to see a lot of people downloading the internet and the website and everything they want .
But I think eh
It is much better for development and eh to inform people what they want and to get the easy way and so faster if they are looking for .
KB : It does really seem the way the music industry 's progressing now that people want to go onto the website and download music .
Mr Goma : Exactly you can go everywhere on the cyber cafe and you can take , you can go easy .
It is going to be an easy way for everyone to get something to the internet
KB : Thank you .
Thanks very much indeed .
Video :
Watch the interview here
With the stormy north sea in their back yard , Norway has one of the best places in europe for harvesting the energy in the oceans waves .
The union of the oil industry in Norway , estimates the crude oil resources to last for aprox 50 years .
Finding alternative and cheap energy resources are therefore a priority in Norway .
In 2004 the Norwegian company " WaveEnergy AS " was established , and set out to develop a concept known as SSG or Seawave Slot Cone Generato ) .
A plant was established on the Norwegian island of Kvitsoy and this was based on " storage champer " concept .
The waves pushes the water up from the ocean into holding champers that a placed in different heights .
This water is then lead back to the ocean via turbines thus creating power .
The test construction is planned to be a 10 meter wide construction of the SSG concept with an estimated capacity of 150 KW .
Wave energy has a huge potential and it is estimated that wave energy alone could provide more than 10 % of the worlds energy demand .
More and more countries are showing interrest to this new energy resource .
Government and private funding , along with studies like the one in Norway will help make wave energy a reliable energy resource within the next 10 years .
A note to this post .---------------------------
Co to jest Enneagram ?
Słowo Enneagram pochodzi od połączenia dwóch greckich słów " ennea " oznaczaj ącego " dziewięć " oraz " gram " oznaczaj ącego " znak " .
Enneagram jest nauką próbującą scharakteryzować ludzkie rodzaje osobowości oraz związki pomiędzy nimi .
Enneagram dzieli ludzkie charaktery na 9 podstawowych typów .
Każdy z tych typów posiada swoje własne motywy działania , własne obawy oraz własne sposoby rozwiązywania problemów .
Każda osoba posiada tylko jeden typ charakteru , który się rozwija w okresie dzieciństwa i przyjmuje się , że jest on niezmienny podczas naszego całego życia .
Ponieważ symbol Enneagramu jest przedstawiony za pomocą okręgu , każdy z typów posiada dwa sąsiednie typy , które w mniejszym lub większym stopniu mogą wpływać na dany typ .
Te dwa typy są określane skrzydłami ( ang. wing ) i są używane pomocniczo przy określaniu typu danej osoby .
Dla przykładu , ktoś z typem 7 może mieć silny wpływ jednego ze swoich sąsiadów czyli typu 8 , wtedy określa się , że taka osoba posiada typ 7w8 .
Z kolei inna osoba posiadająca typ 8 z silnym wpływem typu 7 , posiada typ 8w7 .
Zachowanie obydwu osób może by ć bardzo podobne , jednak posiadaj ą one dwa różne motory swoich działań , które są określone przez ich typ główny .
Ponadto rozróżnia się dwa stany emocjonalne , stres i relaks .
Powodują one , że chwilowo przejmujemy pewne charakterystyczne cechy typu z którym jesteśmy połączeni .
Symbol Enneagramu pokazuje które typy są połączone z którymi typami .
Istnieją jednak obecnie dwa sposoby interpretacji tych połączeń .
Pierwszy , starszy , został przedstawiony przez psycholog Helen Palmer , według której tylko stan emocjonalny powoduje przejęcie cech wynikających z połączenia .
Drugi , nowszy , przedstawiony przez psychologów Dona Richarda Riso oraz Russa Hudsona mówi , że owszem możemy przejmować pewne cechy , ale jest to określone nie tylko przez nasz stan emocjonalny , lecz również przez nasz ogólny charakter .
Opisy zawarte na tej stronie opierają się głównie na tej drugiej interpretacji .
Uwzględnione są również skrzydła .
Dla przykładu typ 7 posiada połączenia z typami 1 oraz 5 . W stanie stresu osoba z typem 7 , może przejąć najgorsze cechy typów 1 i 5 , z kolei w stanie relaksu przejmuje najlepsze cechy typów 1 i 5 .
Ponadto każda osoba może by ć emocjonalnie stabilna czyli zdrowa lub może być niezdrowa .
W tym drugim stanie ujawniają się wszelkie wady wynikające z jej typu charakteru , podczas gdy osoba znajdująca się w pierwszym stanie , potrafi w pełni wykorzystać swoje zalety zupełnie " zapominając " o wadach .
Jak widać rodzajów charakterów może być bardzo dużo .
Wynikają one ze skrzydeł typów jak i z połączeń .
Jednak to główny typ danej osoby określa jej motywy działania , obawy i jej ogólny obraz zachowania .
Pochodzenie Enneagramu jest wciąż tematem rozważań i wielu domysłów .
Jedna z najwcześniejszych wzmianek podaje Rosjanina o nazwisku Gieorgij Iwanowicz Gjurdżijew ( 1866-1949 ) , który podróżując po Afryce Północnej i Azji poznawał starożytne tradycje i wierzenia .
W czasie tych podróży natrafił on na pradawną naukę suficką , którą nazwał Czwart ą Drogą i która tak zafascynowała Gjurdżijewa iż uznał , że zacznie jej nauczać wśród zachodnich państw .
Jednakże pierwszy poważny opis Enneagramu należy przypisać czylijczykowi Oscarowi Ichazo który studiował wiele nauk takich jak Zen , I Ching , Buddyzm , Judaizm , a także Czwartą Drogę Gjurdżijewa .
Ichazo w latach 60 - tych XX wieku rozwinął teorię dziewięciu osobowości i nauczył jej czylijskiego psychologa Cladio Naranjo .
Naranjo " przetłumaczył " tą naukę na język współczesnej psychologii i we wczesnych latach 70 - tych przedstawił ją na forum psychologów w Ameryce Północnej .
Najsłynniejsze ze współczesnych opracowań Enneagramu to Helen Palmer - The Enneagram : Understanding Yourself and the Others in Your Life z roku 1988 oraz Don Richard Riso i Russ Hudson - Enneagram Transformation : Releases and Affirmations for Healing Your Personality Type - 1993 .
Enneagram stał się narzędziem badania osobowości używanym również w wielkich korporacjach .
Opracowany przez Uniwersytet Stanforda system jest używany w takich firmach jak ( podane za zagranicznym wydaniem Newsweek ) Motorola , Marriott , Silicon Graphics czy nawet przez Pocztę Stanów Zjednoczonych .
One of this month 's top intellectual property stories will surely be the MPAA 's startling revelation that even it had underestimated the threat of piracy against the movie industry .
This " shocking " confession scored a lengthy and largely sympathetic report in the Wall Street Journal , where we 're told that " sources " had revealed that the findings in a report by LEK Consulting were so bad that some studios wanted to suppress the entire thing , and interstudio conflict ensued .
What could be so bad that even the people behind Gigli and Aeon Flux and would want to see it lost at the bottom of a river ?
The Journal says that it's the whopping US $ 6.1 billion " lost " to piracy , which they say represents " 75 % more than previous estimated losses of $ 3.5 billion in hard goods " ( a claim also put forth by the BBC ) .
The fear , it seems , is that such dramatic figures could hurt the industry by making its enforcement efforts appear " laughable , " and by harming investor confidence .
Yet while busily portraying this new study as as shocker that 's causing problems between the studios , the Journal failed to note that the MPAA had already conducted another study , done by Smith Barney in 2003 which determined that $ 5.4 billion would be lost to piracy in 2005 .
It 's an odd omission , and an important one , too .
Instead of talking about a 75 percent increase in losses , we 'd only be talking about 13 percent on the losses that the studios already expected .
Now contrast these statements :
WSJ authors : " But now a study shows the damage is far worse than expected " MPAA spokeswoman , indirect discourse : " She says the numbers were n't far out of line with what the industry expected . "
So which is it ?
Far worse or not far out of line ?
The Journal 's " source " seems to be primarily interested in drama .
Of course , the drama steals focus from the real questions ( by design ? ) , including those relating to the study 's methodology .
Instead , we 're to assume that these studies are trustworthy , and that is a huge assumption .
Why ?
Because whether you 're the Wall Street Journal or Ars Technica , you do n't get to see the study .
It 's private .
What you get to see are " summary " points which you 're supposed to take on face value .
I wo n't repeat everything that the press materials say , because you can read them for yourself ( PDF ) .
I do want to hit some highlights , however , and note some of the massively problematic gaps in the story that should have been raised by " reporters " across the country , but were n't .
As expected , losses to " bootlegging " were the greatest , estimated at US $ 2.4 billion .
Generally speaking , this is hard piracy , often ( but not always ) involving organized crime and illegal distribution ( think : guy on the corner selling movies for US $ 5 ) .
But the rest of this towering 6.1 billion loss is largely made up of what I consider " soft " pseudo - piracy , namely , " losses " stemming from Internet downloads as well as so - called illegal copying .
Consider the latter , for instance .
Nearly US $ 1.4 billion is " lost " to illegal copying , but just what is illegal copying exactly ?
According to the MPAA , it is " Making illegal copies for self or receiving illegal copies from friends of a legitimate VHS / DVD / VCD . "
Thus , the MPAA is counting personal non-commercial backups and transformative " ripping " as piracy ( ripping including decrypting DVDs so that the content can be moved to a portable player ) .
It 's especially curious to see them argue that 62 percent of this kind of piracy happens outside of the US , because the US is one of the few countries to make the circumvention of DVD access controls illegal .
I 'm left suspecting that a significant portion of this estimate stems from copying happening in places where local statues do not explicitly forbid it .
I 'm also left suspecting that what most of us consider Fair Use is being marked as piracy .
Hey , the RIAA makes the very same argument .
Normally you 'd check the study , but in this case , the study can't be studied .
The real threat according to the blowhards is , of course , Internet downloading , which represents US $ 2.3 billion in " losses . "
Here the MPAA says international piracy accounts for 80 percent of such losses , but once again the age - old problem of counting those losses arises .
According to the Journal , this study " specifically asked consumers how many of their pirated movies they would have purchased in stores or seen in theaters if they did n't have an unauthorized copy , " supposedly alleviating the methodological problem of relating downloads to lost revenues .
What the Journal did not report on was the methodology used in mapping these consumers ' poll responses to the combined domestic and international population .
If these losses were calculated using a 1,000 - person poll conducted in the United States , then applied to the globe as a whole , then you can see where this has gone awry ( actually , you can see the problem no matter what sampling method is used : you cannot control for mass psychology and stay accurate ) .
Unfortunately , the MPAA could not clarify this methodology for me , and no one else covering the story has any information , either .
We 're left with the vague assurance that " consumers " apparently admitted what they would have bought otherwise .
So in the end , the great US $ 6.1 billion figure looks to have a good deal of questionable padding in it , much like most other " studies " that purport to map real financial losses onto piracy , including its softer forms .
This is n't to say that piracy does n't exist , or that it 's not harmful ( although we do find the words " piracy " and " pirate " to be rather inappropriate ) .
However , the contours and effects of piracy are quite open to debate , and as a result , the best ways to address the problem are up for debate , too .
This is particularly clear when talking about " soft " forms of piracy , which can easy be massaged to make a situation look dire .
And keeping a study private surely does n't help , either .
On the strength of higher iPod and Macintosh sales , Apple on Wednesday posted a profit of $ 565 million for its fiscal 2006 first quarter .
Picking up from where it left off last year , Apple once again reported the highest revenue and earnings in the company ’s history .
These results compare to revenue of $ 3.49 billion and a net profit of $ 295 million .
Apple said that international sales accounted for 40 percent of the quarter ’s revenue .
Apple shipped over 1.2 million Macs and more than 14 million iPods during the quarter .
This represents a 20 percent growth in Macs and a 207 percent growth in iPods over the year - ago quarter .
Looking ahead to the second quarter , Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer said he expects revenue of about $ 4.3 billion and an estimated $.04 per share expense impact from non-cash stock - based compensation .
Apple stock closed down $ 2.22 ( 2.62 % ) at $ 82.49 .
In after hours trading Apple is down $ 5.04 ( 6.11 % ) at $ 77.45 .
Update More information was added from Apple 's first quarter earnings .
4:50 pm 1/18/06
This story , " Apple posts $ 565 million profit " was originally published by PCWorld .
[ looks like the Post is having fun with a competitor , esp after the Woodward stuff ]
Washington Post - December 17 , 2005
At the Times , a Scoop Deferred By Paul Farhi Washington Post Staff Writer
The New York Times ’ revelation yesterday that President Bush authorized the National Security Agency to conduct domestic eavesdropping raised eyebrows in political and media circles , for both its stunning disclosures and the circumstances of its publication .
In an unusual note , the Times said in its story that it held off publishing the 3,600 - word article for a year after the newspaper ’s representatives met with White House officials .
It said the White House had asked the paper not to publish the story at all , “ arguing that it could jeopardize continuing investigations and alert would - be terrorists that they might be under scrutiny . ”
The Times said it agreed to remove information that administration officials said could be “ useful ” to terrorists and delayed publication for a year “ to conduct additional reporting . ”
The paper offered no explanation to its readers about what had changed in the past year to warrant publication .
It also did not disclose that the information is included in a forthcoming book , “ State of War : The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration , ” written by James Risen , the lead reporter on yesterday ’s story .
The book will be published in mid-January , according to its publisher , Simon & Schuster .
The decision to withhold the article caused some friction within the Times ’ Washington bureau , according to people close to the paper .
Some reporters and editors in New York and in the bureau , including Risen and co-writer Eric Lichtblau , had pushed for earlier publication , according to these people .
One described the story ’s path to publication as difficult , with much discussion about whether it could have been published earlier .
In a statement yesterday , Times Executive Editor Bill Keller did not mention the book .
He wrote that when the Times became aware that the NSA was conducting domestic wiretaps without warrants , “ the Administration argued strongly that writing about this eavesdropping program would give terrorists clues about the vulnerability of their communications and would deprive the government of an effective tool for the protection of the country ’s security . ”
“ Officials also assured senior editors of the Times that a variety of legal checks had been imposed that satisfied everyone involved that the program raised no legal questions , ” Keller continued .
“ As we have done before in rare instances when faced with a convincing national security argument , we agreed not to publish at that time . ”
In the ensuing months , Keller wrote , two things changed the paper ’s thinking .
The paper developed a fuller picture of misgivings about the program by some in the government .
And the paper satisfied itself through more reporting that it could write the story without exposing “ any intelligence - gathering methods or capabilities that are not already on the public record . ”
Tom Rosenstiel , executive director of the Project for Excellence in Journalism , said it was conceivable the Times waited to publish its NSA story as the Senate took up renewal of the Patriot Act .
“ It ’s not unheard of to wait for a news peg , ” he said .
“ It ’s not unusual to discover the existence of something and not know the context of it until later . ”
Yesterday ’s article was a dramatic scoop for a newspaper whose national security coverage has been marked by some turmoil in recent years .
The Times admitted last year that much of its reporting on Iraq ’s weapons programs before the war was flawed .
The principal author of those stories , Judith Miller , later spent 85 days in jail to protect the identity of an administration source in the CIA leak case .
More recently , the Times has been scooped by the Los Angeles Times on a story that the U.S. military has been secretly paying to run favorable stories in the Iraqi media , and by The Washington Post on the revelation last month of a secret network of CIA prisons for terrorism suspects in foreign countries .
The Times announced last week that it was replacing its deputy bureau chief in Washington , which outsiders read as a sign of the paper ’s dissatisfaction with its Washington coverage .
The Post was in contact with senior administration officials before publication last month of its story on the CIA prisons .
But officials did not seek to stop publication of the article , only to remove information that could jeopardize national security , said Leonard Downie Jr. , The Post ’s executive editor .
The story said the officials argued that the disclosure might disrupt counterterrorism efforts in those countries and could make them targets of terrorist retaliation .
The Post honored one request by not publishing the Eastern European countries that permitted the prisons .
On Monday I gave a 3 - hour tutorial first thing in the morning , here at O’Reilly OSCON 2006 in Portland .
From the description :
Even though AJAX would n’t ever have become so popular if the Javascript world had n’t suddenly exploded with mature development and testing tools , there ’s little information on how to be a really good Javascript programmer .
This talk is for everyone who feels their Javascript skills just are n’t up to snuff .
You can now download the goodies associated .
Shameless plug : I ’m working on a book called Web Scripting Power Tools with Chris Cornutt , to be published by O’Reilly this fall .
I ’m apparently so bad at self - promotion that I forgot to mention it in my talk .
Yow .
But do watch for it !
It ’s going to cover all that I talked about and much , much , much more .
Interested in being on a notification list for this book ?
Drop me an email ( amy aht infocookie dawt com ) .
< span id =" more - 8226 " ></ span >
Into JavaScript ?
Have I got good news for you !
If you ’re interested in JavaScript - driven web apps , snazzy visual fx , and generally confusing people into thinking your site is Flash — but oh - so - much better — you should buy our JavaScript Performance Rocks !
book while it ’s still in beta .
Written by Thomas Fuchs , the creator of Scriptaculous , and yours truly , the maker of funny jokes and shiny graphics .
We cover everything from The Most Ridiculous Performance Fix Ever ( and it is ridiculous ) , to serving strategies , DOM diets , loop unrolling ( for those really extreme cases ) , how to play nice with the garbage collector , and everything in between .
And it comes with our custom profiling tool , The DOM Monster , which analyzes your pages and suggests fixes .
This package is only $ 24 right now but will be $ 29 as soon as it ’s done , in mid-June 2009 … but if you snag your copy today , you get the final version by email just as soon as it ’s ready and save a noteworthy 5 bux !
You ca n’t lose .
Downloads
As promised , the entire slide stack is downloadable ; and the source code I used to write the Javascript Boot Camp portions of the presentation , as well ( not the Prototype code ) .
Like this presentation ?
Like me ?
Would you Digg this story to help get the word out ?
Thanks ! 🙂
Links
Specific libraries / developer tools I mentioned in my talk :
Libraries / tools others brought up during the talk ( thanks , guys ! ) :
Web sites etc :
Delicious lists :
Errata
First , I ’d like to say that it was an amazing experience for me , because it really was .
This was my first - ever 3 - hour tutorial , and my first trip to OSCON .
To say I was “ intimidated ’ would be an understatement , but luckily I was a bit zonked out on cold medicine so I did n’t have a chance to really be too scared .
Also , the crowd was just a great group of people … everyone was patient with my coughing and water breaks ( sorry I coughed into the mic , guys ! ) , and they asked great questions .
Special thanks to the gentleman who helped with the audio and reminded me to cough away from the mic , and to the other gentleman who brought me apple juice and water for my throat .
Also , a super big round of thanks to the conference folks who fixed the power and whatnot .
You guys rock !
I literally could not have made it through without you .
One thing that continually frustrates me when working with dedicated test teams is that , well , they find too many bugs .
Do n't get me wrong .
I want to be the first person to know about any bug that results in inconvenience for a user .
But how do you distinguish between bugs that users are likely to encounter , and bugs that users will probably never see ?
The first thing you do is take that list of bugs from the testers and have yourself a triage meeting :
The term " triage " was borrowed from medical triage where a doctor or nurse has to prioritize care for a large group of injured people .
The main job of a software bug triage team is to decide which bugs need to be fixed ( or conversely , which bugs we 're willing to ship with ) .
Eric lists four questions that need to be answered during triage to decide whether a bug should be fixed or not :
Severity :
When this bug happens , how bad is the impact ?
Frequency : How often does this bug happen ?
Cost :
How much effort would be required to fix this bug ?
Risk :
What is the risk of fixing this bug ?
Triage is n't exactly my idea of a good time .
But you have to do it , because you 'll always have far more bugs than you have development time .
Nobody has the luxury of fixing all the bugs in their software .
Testers produce two kinds of bugs :
A small subset of very serious bugs that everyone can immediately agree on .
These are great .
They 're the kind of catches that make me thank my lucky stars that we have dedicated testers .
You go , girl - slash - boy !
Everything else .
A vast , gray wasteland of pseudo - bugs that nobody can really agree on .
Is it an inconvenience for the user ?
Would users really do things this way ?
Would a user ever run into this ?
Do we even care ?
It 's a clear win for the bugs everyone agrees on .
That 's usually about ten to twenty percent of the bug list in my experience .
But for everything else , there 's a serious problem : testers are n't real users .
I 'd give a bug from a customer ten times the weight of a bug reported by a tester .
The source of the bug is just one factor to consider .
Bug triage is n't a science .
It 's highly subjective and totally dependent on the specifics of your application .
In Bugs Are a Business Decision , Jan Goyvaerts describes how different triage can be for applications at each end of that spectrum :
Last July I flew to Denver to attend the Shareware Industry Conference .
I flew the leg from Taipei to Los Angeles on a Boeing 747 operated by China Airlines .
This aircraft has two major software systems on board : the avionics software ( flight computer ) , and the in - flight entertainment system .
These two systems are completely independent of each other , developed by different companies , to different standards .
The avionics software is the software that flies the plane .
No , the pilots do n't fly the plane , the flight computer does .
How many bugs would you tolerate in the avionics software ?
How many do you think Boeing left unfixed ?
How many people have ever been killed by software bugs in modern airliners ?
Zero .
A flawed flight computer would immediately ground all 747s worldwide .
Boeing would not recover .
The in - flight entertainment system is a completely different story .
It 's not essential to the plane .
It only serves to make the passengers forget how uncomfortable those economy seats really are .
If the entertainment system barfs all over itself , the cost is minimal .
Passengers are already out of their money , and most will choose their next flight based on price and schedule rather than which movies are on those tiny screens , if any .
I was actually quite pleased with Chine Airlines ' system , which offered economy passengers individual screens and a choice of a dozen or so on - demand movies ( i.e. each passenger can start viewing any movie at any time , and even pause and rewind ) .
That is , until the system started acting up .
It locked up a few times causing everybody 's movie to pause for several minutes .
Once , the crew had to reboot the whole thing .
That silly Linux penguin mocked me for several minutes while the boot messages crept by .
X11 showed off its X - shaped cursor right in the middle of the screen even longer .
Judging from the crew 's attitude about it , the reboot seemed like something that 's part of their training .
Bugs also cost money to fix .
In My Life as a Code Economist , Eric Sink outlines all the decisions that go into whether or not a bug gets fixed at his company :
Do n't we all start out with the belief that software only gets better as we work on it ?
The fact that we need regression testing is somehow like evidence that there is something wrong with the world .
After all , it 's not like anybody on our team is intentionally creating new bugs .
We 're just trying to make sure our product gets better every day , and yet , somewhere between 3.1.2 and 3.1.3 , we made it worse .
But that 's just the way it is .
Every code change is a risk .
A development cycle that does n't recognize this will churn indefinitely and never create a shippable product .
At some point , if the product is ever going to converge toward a release , you have to start deciding which bugs are n't going to get fixed .
To put it another way , think about what you want to say to yourself when look in the mirror just after your product is released .
The people in group 2 want to look in the mirror and say this : " Our bug database has ZERO open items .
We did n't defer a single bug .
We fixed them all .
After every bug fix , we regression tested the entire product , with 100 % code coverage .
Our product is perfect , absolutely flawless and above any criticism whatsoever . "
The group 1 person wants to look in the mirror and say this : " Our bug database has lots of open items .
We have carefully reviewed every one of them and consider each one to be acceptable .
In other words , most of them should probably not even be called bugs .
We are not ashamed of this list of open items .
On the contrary , we draw confidence from this list because we are shipping a product with a quality level that is well known .
There will be no surprises and no mulligans .
We admit that our product would be even better if all of these items were " fixed " , but fixing them would risk introducing new bugs .
We would essentially be exchanging these bugs which we find acceptable for the possibility of newly introduced bugs which might be showstoppers . "
I 'm not talking about shipping crappy products .
I 'm not suggesting that anybody ship products of low quality .
I 'm suggesting that decisions about software quality can be tough and subtle , and we need to be really smart about how to make those decisions .
Sometimes a " bug " should not be fixed .
To me , triage is about one thing : making life better for your users .
And the best way to do that is to base your triage decisions on data from actual usage -- via exception reporting , user feedback , and beta testing .
Otherwise , triage is just a bunch of developers and testers in a room , trying to guess what users might do .
Terrorschule oder Medienterror ?
Peter Nowak
War die Debatte um die Rütli - Schule vor allem ein Medienhype ?
Ein einziger Brief hatte ausgereicht , um die Medienmeute von der Leine zu lassen .
Tagelang belagerte sie die Rütli - Schule in Berlin - Neukölln auf der Suche nach den gewalttätigen Jugendlichen .
Nachdem ein Brief des Lehrerkollegiums bekannt geworden war ( Klassenkampf in Neukölln , der als eine Kapitulation vor der Gewalt der Schüler interpretiert wurde , gaben sich Journalisten und Politiker die Klinke in die Hand .
Dass manche Journalisten die Meldungen selber fabriziert haben , die sie dann produzierten , ist einer der Vorwürfe , die die langjährige Rektorin der Schule Brigitte Pick jetzt in einem Interview erhoben hat :
Wenn Pressevertreter Kinder mit Geld zum Steinewerfen animieren , wundert mich nichts mehr .
Mir ist sogar zu Ohren gekommen , dass Reporter Steine mitgebracht haben sollen .
Das ist keine Terrorschule .
Das ist Medienterror .
Die Rütli -Schule im Zentrum der Aufmerksamkeit
Auch in anderen Punkten stellt die aus Krankheitsgründen pensionierte Pädagogin manches in Frage , was wir seit einer Woche über die Rütli - Schule zu wissen glauben .
Sie bestreitet nicht die Probleme in der Schule , vor allem die Bildungsunwilligkeit der Jugendlichen , sieht aber die Ursache dafür nicht in erster Linie bei den Schülern , sondern bei der Schulbehörde .
Die sei dafür verantwortlich gewesen , dass Lehrer aus Ostberlin , deren Schulen man im Zuge des Rückgangs der Schulpflichtigen geschlossen hatte , an die Rütli - Schule zwangsverpflichtet wurden .
Nur hatten sie keinerlei Erfahrung im Umgang mit Schülern mit migrantischen Hintergrund .
Lehrer mit entsprechenden Qualifikationen seien aber nicht eingestellt worden .
Das andere Bild der Rütli- Schule
Nur wenige Medienvertreter erinnerten daran , dass die Rütli - Schule schon seit Jahrzehnten bekannt ist .
Schließlich existierte unter Schülern und Lehrern der Schule in der NS - Zeit eine antifaschistische Widerstandsgruppe .
6 Angehörige diese von der Gestapo Rütli - Gruppe genannten Antifaschisten wurden im Dezember 1942 hingerichtet .
Die Kombination dieser Geschichte mit der Lage der Schule in einem sozialen Brennpunkt machte sie im Ausklang der Studentenbewegung für junge linke Lehrer mit viel Idealismus interessant .
So wählten Angehörige der Roten Zelle an der Pädagogischen Hochschule Westberlin die Rütli - Schule für ihren Schulkampf aus .
Daraus ist zwar nichts geworden , doch die linken engagierten Lehrenden machten die Schule zu einem Modellprojekt .
Unter den Schülern wurden Streitschlichter ausgebildet , Sprachkurse eingerichtet und der Kontakt mit dem Quartiersmanagement im Stadtteil intensiviert .
Durch die Politik der Schulbehörden wurden diese Konzepte systematisch finanziell ausgetrocknet und demontiert .
Nun stellt sich die Frage , warum nach dem Brief des Lehrerkollegiums diese Politik und ihre Folgen nicht im Fokus der Kritik standen .
Darin spiegelt sich zumindest auch die generelle Abwertung des Sozialen im Zeitalter des Neoliberalismus wider .
Wenn es Probleme gibt , wird nicht nach den sozialen Hintergründen geforscht , sondern nach Tätern gefahndet .
So spricht der Lehrerbrief über renitente Jugendliche auch von Intensivtätern .
Auch sonst ist in dem Brief alles enthalten , was man von Neukölln scheinbar schon lange wusste .
Ein Stadtteil mit einem starken Bevölkerungsanteil mit migrantischem Hintergrund , dazu noch eine Hauptschule , wo Schüler aus arabischen und türkischen Elternhäusern die Mehrheit bilden .
Da brauchte es nicht viel , um die Bilder von Parallelgesellschaften und rechtsfreien Zonen sowie das Scheitern der multikulturellen Gesellschaft abzurufen .
Gegenstimmen wie das Interview der bekennenden Alt - 68erin Brigitte Pick , aber auch Einsprüche von Neuköllner Schülern gegen ihre Stigmatisierung haben es da schwer , gehört zu werden .
Mittlerweile bemüht sich auch das Kollegium der Rütli - Schule um Schadensbegrenzung .
Der neue Rektor Helmut Hochschuld bat die Medien und die Politiker , die Schule wieder in Ruhe zu lassen und nicht in den beginnenden Wahlkampf zum Berliner Abgeordnetenhaus hineinzuziehen .
Auch Schulsprecherin Katrin El - Mahmout wandte sich mit einem Appell an die Presse : Es sei absolut unzutreffend die Schule als Hass - Schule zu bezeichnen .
( Peter Nowak )
All volumes of this free physics textbook are written to entertain pupils , students , teachers and everybody who is curious about the world of motion .
These five volumes present established physics .
( An additional volume , a research text , is in work . )
Here are the tables of contents .
Get volume I FALL , FLOW AND HEAT 1
Why should we care about motion ?
15 2 From motion measurement to continuity 33 3
How to describe motion – kinematics 72 4 From objects and images to conservation 90 5 From the rotation of the Earth to the relativity of motion 123 6 Motion due to gravitation 151 7 Classical mechanics and the predictability of motion 195 8 Measuring change with action 213 9 Motion and symmetry 229 10 Simple motions of extended bodies – oscillations and waves 248 11 Do extended bodies exist ?
– Limits of continuity 283 12 Fluids and their motion 301 13 From heat to time - invariance 319 14 Self - organization and chaos - the simplicity of complexity 348 15 From the limitations of physics to the limits of motion 366 Appendix A Notation and conventions 372 Appendix B Units , measurements and constants 383 Appendix C Sources of information of motion 398
More details on volume I on mechanics are given here and on thermodynamics are given here .
Get volume II RELATIVITY 1 Maximum speed , observers at rest , and motion of light 14 2 Relativistic mechanics 59 3 Special relativity in four sentences 95 4 Simple general relativity : gravitation , maximum speed and maximum force 97 5
How maximum speed changes space , time and gravity 124 6 Open orbits , bent light and wobbling vacuum 147 7 From curvature to motion 170 8
Why can we see the stars ?
- Motion in the universe 194 9 Black holes - falling forever 240 10 Does space differ from time ?
258 11 General relativity in a nutshell - a summary for the layman 265 Appendix A Units , measurements and constants 272
More details on volume II , on relativity and cosmology , are given here .
Get volume III LIGHT , CHARGES AND BRAINS 1 Liquid electricity , invisible fields and maximum speed 14 2 The description of electromagnetic field evolution
69 3 What is light ?
88 4 Images and the eye - optics 122 5 Electromagnetic effects 168 6 Summary and limits of classical electrodynamics 192 7
The story of the brain 198 8 Thought and language 217 9 Concepts , lies and patterns of nature 238 10 Classical physics in a nutshell 279 Appendix A Units , measurements and constants 286
More details on volume III , on electromagnetism and the brain , are given here .
Get volume IV THE QUANTUM OF CHANGE 1 Minimum action - quantum theory for poets 13 2 Light - the strange consequences of the quantum of action 35 3 Motion of matter - beyond classical physics
60 4 The quantum description of matter and its motion 74 5 Permutation of particles - Are particles like gloves ?
94 6 Rotations and statistics - visualising spin 105 7 Superpositions and probabilities - quantum theory without ideology 120 8 Colours and other interactions between light and matter 145 9 Quantum physics in a nutshell 169 Appendix A Units , measurements and constants 175 Appendix B Numbers and vector spaces 192
More details on volume IV , on quantum physics , are given here .
Get volume V PLEASURE , TECHNOLOGY AND STARS 1 Motion for enjoying life 14 2 Changing the world with quantum theory 44 3 Quantum electrodynamics - the origin of virtual reality 81 4 Quantum mechanics with gravitation - the first approach 98 5 The structure of the nucleus - the densest clouds
118 6
The sun , stars and the birth of matter 147 7 The strong interaction 156 8 The weak nuclear interaction and the handedness of nature 175 9
The standard model of elementary particle physics - as seen on television 190 10 Dreams of unification 195 11 Bacteria , flies and knots 203 12 Quantum physics in a nutshell – again 232 Appendix A Units , measurements and constants 246 Appendix B Composite particle properties 260 Appendix C Space , algebras and shapes 276
More details on volume V , on biology , technology and astrophysics , are given here .
*
More details on the status and research for the additional volume , on the strand model , are found here .
Windows Sysinternals
09/17/2020
4 minutes to read
+
1
In this article
The Sysinternals web site was created in 1996 by Mark Russinovich to host his advanced system utilities and technical information .
Whether you ’re an IT Pro or a developer , you ’ll find Sysinternals utilities to help you manage , troubleshoot and diagnose your Windows systems and applications .
Sysinternals Live
Sysinternals Live is a service that enables you to execute Sysinternals tools directly from the Web without hunting for and manually downloading them .
Simply enter a tool 's Sysinternals Live path into Windows Explorer or a command prompt as live.sysinternals.com /<toolname > or \\live.sysinternals.com\tools\<toolname >.
You can view the entire Sysinternals Live tools directory in a browser at https://live.sysinternals.com/.
What 's New
What 's New ( September 17 , 2020 )
Sysmon v12.0
In addition to several bug fixes , this major update to Sysmon adds support for capturing clipboard operations to help incident responders retrieve attacker RDP file and command drops , including originating remote machine IP addresses .
Process Monitor v3.60
This update to Process Monitor , a utility that logs process file , network and registry activity , adds support for multiple filter item selection , as well as decoding for new file system control operations and error status codes .
Procdump v10.0
This release of Procdump , a flexible tool for manual and trigger - based process dump generation , adds support for dump cancellation and CoreCLR processes .
ARM64 ports
In addition , several tools have been newly ported to and are now available for ARM64 .
These include : AdInsight v1.2 , AutoLogon v3.1 , Autoruns v13.98 , ClockRes v2.1 , DebugView v4.9 , DiskExt v1.2 , FindLinks v1.1 , Handle v4.22 , Hex2Dec v1.1 , Junction v1.07 , PendMoves v1.02 , PipeList v1.02 , Procdump v10.0 , Process Explorer v16.32 , RegDelNull v1.11 , RU v1.2 , Sigcheck v2.8 , Streams v1.6 , Sync v2.2 , VMMap v3.26 , WhoIs v1.21 and ZoomIt v4.52 .
Download all ARM64 tools in a single download with the Sysinternals Suite for ARM64 .
What 's New ( June 24 , 2020 )
Sysmon v11.10
This update to Sysmon now captures stream content for alternate data streams into logged events , which is useful for investigating downloads tagged with ‘ Mark of the Web ’ ( MOTW ) streams , introduces an ‘ is - any ’ filter condition , and fixes several bugs .
Sigcheck v2.80
Sigcheck , a flexible tool for showing file versions , file signatures , and certificate stores , introduces a - p option for specifying a trust GUID for signature verification , and it now shows certificate signing chains even when a certificate in the chain is untrusted .
Sysinternals June 24 Update Video
Mark Russinovich covers what ’s new in this update , with demos of Sysmon ’s alternate data stream content capture and new features in Sigcheck .
What 's New ( April 28 , 2020 )
Sysmon v11.0
This major update to Sysmon includes file delete monitoring and archive to help responders capture attacker tools , adds an option to disable reverse DNS lookup , replaces empty fields with ‘-‘ to work around a WEF bug , fixes an issue that caused some ProcessAccess events to drop , and does n’t hash main data streams that are marked as being stored in the cloud .
Sysinternals April 27 Update Video
Mark Russinovich covers what ’s new in this update , with a demo of Sysmon ’s new file delete monitoring and capture capability .
What 's New ( December 20 , 2019 )
What 's New ( December 11 , 2019 )
Sysmon v10.42
This update to Sysmon addresses a number of memory leaks , introduces the " Excludes Any " and " Excludes All " filtering conditions and resolves a number of bugs .
Zoomit v4.52
This update to Zoomit resolves a number of dual - monitor related issues .
Whois v1.21
This refresh of Whois contains various bug fixes .
What 's New ( September 16 , 2019 )
Sysmon v10.41
Resolves a config parsing issue with 10.4 .
What 's New ( September 05 , 2019 )
Sysmon v10.4
This major update to Sysmon , a security event monitoring service , adds nested rule support to rule groups and “ contains any ” and “ contains all ” rule conditions for more flexible filtering , as well as several bug fixes .
Process Explorer v16.30
This update to Process Explorer adds a Shared Commit column to the process view , fixes a bug that caused it to terminate when it is configured to run at logon and the system went to battery , and fixes bugs that prevented the system CPU graph from correctly showing multiple sockets .
What 's New ( June 20 , 2019 )
What 's New ( June 11 , 2019 )
Sysmon v10.0
This release of Sysmon adds DNS query logging , reports OriginalFileName in process create and load image events , adds ImageName to named pipe events , logs pico process creates and terminates , and fixes several bugs .
This release of Sysmon adds DNS query logging , reports OriginalFileName in process create and load image events , adds ImageName to named pipe events , logs pico process creates and terminates , and fixes several bugs .
Autoruns v13.95
This Autoruns updates adds support for redirected user Shell folders .
What 's New ( February 18 , 2019 )
Kerpal - You KICKED my DOG !!
Using Google Chrome ?
You need to enable Adobe Flash Player .
No installation is required , simply click on the jigsaw piece to the right side of the URL bar above , Manage , untick " Block sites from running Flash ( recommended ) " .
If you can't see the flash movie above , please download the latest flash plug - in from here .
Also known as " She kicked my dog ! " , Kerpal ( aka Kirpal ) calls his neighbour accusing her of kicking his dog .
View the spoken vocals / lyrics / words .
Download the original WAV version - 1.2MB .
WARNING !
Contains bad .. real bad words .
Do NOT view if you 're easily offended by such languages .
It is sick !
It is bad .
You 've been warned !
Please return to Laughter HELL if you do n't wish to view .
Other Kerpal Prank Call Series :
CBS OnDemand , which rents commercial - free episodes for a modest fee as low as 99 cents , but which must be viewed within 24 hours of downloading to a PC , is one experiment .
( Those CBS downloads reveal just how much time commercials occupy in the traditional broadcast : with commercials stripped out , a 60 - minute program may run as short as 41 minutes . )
The abundant network program offerings at iTunes , which cost $ 1.99 but do not go poof after a set time , is a work in progress , too .
An industrywide hardware standard that could immobilize remote controls , and the related Philips pay - to - surf proposal , are also in the mix of possible responses to the industry 's quandary .
I have not paid close attention to the online offerings of single television episodes because my DVR works well and the fast - forward function on my remote works very , very well .
( The button I 've programmed to perform a 30 - second skip is holding up beautifully , even though it is pressed as emphatically as a hospital button connected to a morphine pump . )
Why would I ever buy what the DVR effortlessly records at no cost ?
Even if I were to feel a twinge of concern that by skipping ads , I am violating an implicit contract that Mr. Kellner asserted exists between broadcaster and viewer of ad - supported television , I take comfort in the knowledge that no such contract exists .
James Boyle , a law professor at Duke University , said that broadcasters offer a program knowing that only a fraction of the audience watches the commercials .
Advertisers , he added , buy nothing more than " an option on a probability , " and the viewer is no more obligated to watch every commercial than a driver is obligated to read every billboard .
The trickiest legal issue posed by DVR's is not ad - skipping , but something even more basic : the right to freely make a copy of a program for personal use in the first place .
My assertion of an inalienable right to fast - forward through commercials would be rendered moot if the creators of the program that I am racing to rejoin were permitted to fully exercise the protections of copyright and impose control over the copying of their creative work .
Since the dawn of the videocassette recorder designed for home use in the mid-1970's , we have copied copyrighted television programs with impunity , enjoying the " fair use " exemption granted for this , a private , noncommercial purpose .
The legality of home copying based on " fair use " was enshrined in a Supreme Court decision , Sony Corporation v. Universal City Studios Inc. , handed down in 1984 .
That decision addressed copying with a Betamax videocassette recorder , and it remains the key decision that protects copying with DVR 's today .
But the more one looks at how the court arrived at its decision in the Sony case — a 5 - to - 4 squeaker — and at how recording technology has changed and new business opportunities have opened since then , the more difficult it is to see how a majority of the court could possibly uphold the same position today .
The courts uphold " fair use " only when it does n't harm the commercial value of the copyrighted work .
At the time the suit was brought , skipping ads during playback on a clunky tape machine was hardly worth the considerable trouble .
At the trial , survey data showed that only about 25 percent of recorded ads were skipped .
In the face of testimony by Fred Rogers of " Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood " on PBS , who welcomed home copying of his program , the movie studios that brought the lawsuit failed to convince the judge that VCR copying of televised movies was hurting their business .
Light is the solution .
It 's also the problem .
That 's the paradox HP Labs ' Quantum Information Processing Group is beginning to unravel with its research into optical quantum computing .
The group has been investigating ways to use photons , or light particles , for information processing , rather than the electrons used in digital electronic computers today .
Their work holds promise for someday developing faster , more powerful and more secure computer networks .
" Quantum processing can attack problems we can't attack with conventional computers , " says Tim Spiller , the HP Distinguished Scientist who is leading the research .
" Even a small quantum computer has the potential to enhance communications and information processing . "
Previous designs impractical
Today 's computers work by manipulating bits that exist as either 0s or 1s .
What makes quantum computing so powerful is that quantum bits ( or qubits ) have an infinite choice of values , meaning they can potentially perform multiple operations simultaneously .
For example , a quantum computer could efficiently factor large numbers that today's , or even tomorrow's , conventional machines might never be able to crack .
Scientists have believed for years that high - speed light is the best candidate for moving quantum information from place to place .
However , previous designs for quantum computing using light have been extremely inefficient , and so completely impractical for actual technology .
Challenges in working with light
" Light is very good for communication because the bits of lights do n't talk to each other , " Spiller explains .
" You can send light over long distances — for instance , with optic fibers — and it preserves its state pretty well .
It does n't communicate with other bits of light — or with much else , either .
That 's why you can have many different conversations going on at the same time in the same telephone cable and they do n't interfere with each other . "
Therein lies the problem .
" To do any kind of data processing , the bits of data need to be able to interact , " as they do in today 's computer systems , Spiller says .
" So on the face of it , light is n't good for information processing because the bits of light do n't talk to each other .
We need a process to get pieces of light at the quantum level to talk to each other . "
That 's exactly what his team — including Principal Research Scientist Bill Munro , other HP Labs researchers and Kae Nemoto , an associate professor of quantum information sciences at the Tokyo - based National Institute of Informatics — has spent two years trying to develop .
Photon detection method a breakthrough
Their starting point was solving yet another puzzle : how to detect photons , or individual chunks of light , without absorbing or damaging them .
Typically , detecting a single photon requires letting it " smack into " something , such as a piece of semiconductor material , Spiller says .
" That creates a lot of electrons and holes , and the piece of light is lost .
So you can detect it , but in the process of doing so , it 's destroyed . "
Now the team has developed a method for both detecting photons without appearing to harm them and for allowing the bits of light to communicate with each other by having the photons ' talk ' with one another via a probe light signal .
The photon leaves an imprint of itself on the probe light signal without being damaged in the process , allowing the researchers to detect it without apparently demolishing it .
" You can measure the probe light signal and look for the photon 's imprint , " Spiller explains .
" If you see it , it 's there ; if you do n't , it is n't . "
Better communication , more security
Equally important : the probe light signal lets photons interact , albeit indirectly .
" If you do a certain type of measurement on the probe after it 's talked to two photons , you 'll find that although they do n't talk directly to each other , the photons have interacted because they both talk to the probe , " Spiller says .
Theoretically , the researchers say , there 's no limit to the number of photons that can interact this way .
For that reason , their work represents a quantum step toward creating a scalable method for optical quantum computing .
" The nice thing about this is it 's moving toward having the best of both worlds , " Spiller says .
" The best communication is done with light .
If you can also compute with light , you can do everything with light . "
As a result , there is no need to convert quantum information from some type of electronic format to the new optical one and back .
Work to be done
The HP Quantum Information Research effort circles the globe , with researchers in Bristol , Palo Alto and Tokyo ( Nemoto ) .
Their efforts , which could fundamentally change the way computers and people work , have caught the attention of scientists worldwide .
Many call the team 's early findings important and promising , but warn that researchers are years away from being able to build a real optical quantum computing system .
Spiller readily concurs .
" Our vision is long - term , and we 're starting small , " he says .
We hope to have some experimental results in the next couple of years .
Once we 've got that started - once we know for sure how one photon can talk to one beam — we can go forward to build quantum processors . "
Potential applications
Quantum computing has the potential to revolutionize information technology .
Small quantum processors containing just a few qubits could be used to stretch out the distances over which secure quantum communications work , analogous to the way that conventional optical repeaters are used to amplify ordinary optical communications .
Such small processors may also enable new sensing and measurement technology .
Comparably small ( in terms of qubit number ) , but distributed , quantum processors could enable new protocols such as secure quantum auctions between separated parties , or quantum voting .
Mid-sized quantum processors ( 50 - 100 qubits ) could be used as research tools , allowing simulation of quantum systems that currently cannot be performed on even the most powerful supercomputers .
Large quantum computers ( with tens of thousands of qubits ) will likely be able to search more quickly than conventional technology and factor very large numbers efficiently , leading to quantum code - breaking .
New paradigm for IT
Other potential applications are likely to evolve over time .
Munro points out that transistors were initially used in hearing aids .
" At that time , you only had big valves made of glass so you could n't have a small integrated circuit .
Then somebody put a few components on a small device used for hearing aids , " he says .
" The people who did that did n't foresee that down the road you 'd have millions of transistors , or integrated circuits , on pieces of silicon , running devices of all types and sizes . "
Spiller says he expects that quantum computing will enhance , rather than replace , the current standard .
" We believe quantum computing will grow alongside conventional computing .
You might have a quantum processor sitting next to your conventional machine , " he says .
" It 's not that quantum technology will sweep everything else away .
Instead , it will enable new things . "
Source : Hewlett - Packard ( by Anne Stuart )
Explore further Single photon emission from isolated monolayer islands of InGaN
Brokeback Mountain a film directed by Ang Lee , based on the story by E. Annie Proulx
Brokeback Mountain — the highly praised new movie as well as the short story by Annie Proulx on which the picture is faithfully based — is a tale about two homosexual men .
Two gay men .
To some people it will seem strange to say this ; to some other people , it will seem strange to have to say it .
Strange to say it , because the story is , as everyone now knows , about two young Wyoming ranch hands who fall in love as teenagers in 1963 and continue their tortured affair , furtively , over the next twenty years .
And as everyone also knows , when most people hear the words “ two homosexual men ” or “ gay , ” the image that comes to mind is not likely to be one of rugged young cowboys who shoot elk and ride broncos for fun .
Two homosexual men : it is strange to have to say it just now because the distinct emphasis of so much that has been said about the movie — in commercial advertising as well as in the adulatory reviews — has been that the story told in Brokeback Mountain is not , in fact , a gay story , but a sweeping romantic epic with “ universal ” appeal .
The lengths to which reviewers from all over the country , representing publications of various ideological shadings , have gone in order to diminish the specifically gay element is striking , as a random sampling of the reviews collected on the film ’s official Web site makes clear .
The Wall Street Journal ’s critic asserted that “ love stories come and go , but this one stays with you — not because both lovers are men , but because their story is so full of life and longing , and true romance . ”
The Los Angeles Times declared the film to be
a deeply felt , emotional love story that deals with the uncharted , mysterious ways of the human heart just as so many mainstream films have before it .
The two lovers here just happen to be men .
Indeed , a month after the movie ’s release most of the reviews were resisting , indignantly , the popular tendency to refer to it as “ the gay cowboy movie . ”
“ It is much more than that glib description implies , ” the critic of the Minneapolis Star Tribune sniffed .
“ This is a human story . ”
This particular rhetorical emphasis figures prominently in the advertising for the film , which in quoting such passages reflects the producer ’s understandable desire that Brokeback Mountain not be seen as something for a “ niche ” market but as a story with broad appeal , whatever the particulars of its time , place , and personalities .
( The words “ gay ” and “ homosexual ” are never used of the film ’s two main characters in the forty - nine - page press kit distributed by the filmmakers to critics . )
“ One movie is connecting with the heart of America , ” one of the current print ad campaigns declares ; the ad shows the star Heath Ledger , without his costar , grinning in a cowboy hat .
A television ad that ran immediately after the Golden Globe awards a few weeks ago showed clips of the male leads embracing their wives , but not each other .
A lot has been made recently of this article in the australian press reporting on a house in Sydney selling for 42 percent less than it sold for three years ago .
Housing market bears are quick to point to this article as evidence that “ yes , actually real estate prices DO go down , sometimes drastically ” , while people more bullish on the Vancouver market point to the fact that “ this is only one house out of many and the real decline in house values overall has been closer to 15 percent or so , besides vancouver is different because the olympics are coming and I ’ll sell just before the crash anyways ” .
But I say you ’re BOTH wrong , and you ’re not looking at the big picture .
You ’re forgetting one very important fact , and that is that Syndey Australia is on the other side of the world from us .
This point is illustrated above and is the cause of a common but major misunderstanding regarding australian housing market data .
First off lets look at a graph of that house price :
Looks bad does n’t it ?
You might look at that price drop and get a bit freaked out about the possibility of prices dropping in Vancouver just after you buy that shiny new $ 400 k condo right ?
But that feeling is caused by one common amateur mistake - you are failing to make hemispere adjustments to that data .
Australia is on the other side of the earth , which is why we refer to it as ‘ down under ’ .
Before you attempt to interpret any Australian real estate market data you need to make one major adjustment , like this :
There !
That looks a lot better does n’t it ?
Look at that rise -
It ’s bold , steady and strong .
Just like the Vancouver market !
eye Title Creator
9.6 M 9.6M MIT OpenCourseWare collection ITEMS 397 M VIEWS 9.6 collection eye 9.6 M
MIT OpenCourseWare ( OCW ) , available at http://ocw.mit.edu , makes the course materials used in the teaching of all MIT undergraduate and graduate subjects available on the Web , free of charge , to any user in the world .
Educators utilize the materials for curriculum development , while students and self - learners around the globe use them for self - study or supplementary use .
With more than 2,000 courses now available , OCW is delivering on the promise of open sharing of knowledge .
2.1 M 2.1M AP Courses collection ITEMS 461 M VIEWS 2.1 collection eye 2.1 M
This library of open educational resources features course materials for seven Advanced Placement ( AP ) courses .
These high school level materials are available for free download .
1.8 M 1.8M Chinese University Lectures collection ITEMS 186 M VIEWS 1.8 collection eye 1.8 M
This library of open educational resources features 187 courses from 14 universities in China .
The lectures and resources are presented in Mandarin , though a few include English .
Subjects covered are business , Chinese culture , communications , computer Science , engineering , humanities , law , mathematics , and medicine .
These university level materials are available for free download .
Participating universities include : City University of Hong Kong , Huazhong University of Science and Technology , ...
Topics : chinese , lecture , class , course
1.1 M 1.1M Advanced Placement Physics B collection ITEMS 55 M VIEWS 1.1 by Monterey Institute of Technology and Education collection eye 1.1 M
The fifty - five lessons in this course on Physics cover such topics as Motion , Newtons Laws , Work and Energy , Power , Mass , Impulse & Momentum , Torque & Rotational Statics , Harmonic Motion , Gravity , Pressure & Buoyancy , Bernoullis Equation , Thermodynamics , Electricity , Circuits , Induction & Waves , Light , Atomic Energy , and Wave - Particle Duality .
550,702 551K ArsDigita Computer Science University collection ITEMS 39 VIEWS 550,702 by Internet Archive collection eye 550,702
ArsDigita University was a one - year , intensive post - baccalaureate program in Computer Science based on the undergraduate course of study at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
The majority of the instructors were professors from MIT and the program was tuition free .
After running from September 2000 through July 2001 , seeing the first class to graduation , the program was forced to shut down .
This library of open educational resources includes lectures and coursework from the ...
Topic : Computer Science
399,555 400K Advanced Placement Physics C collection ITEMS 39 VIEWS 399,555 by Monterey Institute of Technology and Education collection eye 399,555
The thirty - nine lessons in this course in Physics cover such topics as Newtons Laws of Motion , Conservation of Energy , Mass , Impulse & Momentum , Rotational Kinematics , Harmonic Motion , Oscillations , Law of Gravity , Coulombs Law , Electric Fields & Potential , Dielectrics , DC Circuits , Coulombs Law , Forces & Fields , and Maxwells Equations .
247,853 248K Math Lectures from MSRI collection ITEMS 442 VIEWS 247,853 by Internet Archive collection eye 247,853
The Mathematical Sciences Research Institute ( MSRI ) exists to further mathematical research through broadly based programs in the mathematical sciences and closely related activities .
This library of open educational resources features over 400 video lectures on math topics .
These university level course are available for free download .
Click for more information on MSRI .
Topics : Moving Images , math class , math classes , math , university
227,330 227K Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs collection ITEMS 20 VIEWS 227,330 collection eye 227,330
This course has been MIT 's introductory pre-professional computer science subject since 1981 .
It emphasizes the role of computer languages as vehicles for expressing knowledge and it presents basic principles of abstraction and modularity , together with essential techniques for designing and implementing computer languages .
Video Lectures by Hal Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman .
For more informaton click here .
206,268 206K Advanced Placement United States History collection ITEMS 80 VIEWS 206,268 by Monterey Institute of Technology and Education collection eye 206,268
This course presents a complete set of lessons meant to help students for the College Board 's Advanced Placement United States History test .
It provides a rich set of interatcive media and multimedia presentations that explore the history of North America from pre-colonial times , though the forming of the United States , and the two hundred years since .
192,881 193K Advanced Placement Calculus AB collection ITEMS 46 VIEWS 192,881 collection eye 192,881
This calculus course covers functions and graphs ; limits and continuity ; derivatives ; applications of derivatives ; antiderivatives & definite integrals ; applications of integrals ; and sequences , series , and polynomial approximations .
189,986 190K Additional University Lectures collection ITEMS 20 VIEWS 189,986 collection eye 189,986
A single course , a series of lectures , or a conference may be included in this collection of university level materials .
151,464 151K Advanced Placement Calculus BC collection ITEMS 68 VIEWS 151,464 collection eye 151,464
This course is meant to help high school student study for the Advanced Placement BC Calculus test offered yearly by the College Board .
70,708 71 K Advanced Placement Environmental Science collection ITEMS 166 VIEWS 70,708 by Monterey Institute of Technology and Education collection eye 70,708
Environmental Sciences is an interdisiplinary field involving the study of our world , our culture , and the relationship of humans and the planet .
It includes topics such as the Biosphere , Plate Tectonics , Global Warming , Conventional and Alternative Energy , Environmental Ethics , and many more .
They may be taken together as a complete course , giving students a broad undestanding of the planet and our relationship to it , or lessons may be explored individually to learn about specific topics in ...
54,316 54 K Differential Equations collection ITEMS 32 VIEWS 54,316 collection eye 54,316
A collection of lectures on differential equations from MIT 's Opencourseware series .
This collection includes all thirty - three classes from Differential Equations 18.03 , as offered at MIT during the spring of 2003 .
The course is taught by Professor of Mathematics Arthur Mattuck .
The videos of these lectures all require Real Player , but are available in different sizes .
If you would like to download or view the lectures as Mpeg 's , please click here .
33,002 33 K Advanced Placement United States Government collection ITEMS 40 VIEWS 33,002 by Monterey Institute of Technology and Education collection eye 33,002
This course explores the principals , philosophies , practices , and institutions that comprise the United States system of government .
Lessons explore the founding of the United States , the motiviaton and goals of political documents such as the BIll of Rights and Constitution , as well as historical debates and issues that have had substantial US politics .
This course makes extensive use of historical examples to explore these topics .
19,731 20 K UChannel collection ITEMS 78 VIEWS 19,731 collection eye 19,731
Effective August 2009 : The collection previously found at the collection page www.archive.org/details/ucpublicaffairslectures will now be found at www.archive.org/details/uchannel to reflect the organization 's name change .
Please change any bookmarks to the UChannel collections page .
This video library features public affairs lectures , panels , and events from leading academic institutions all over the world .
Topics include international affairs , the war on terror , media , and government , among ...
18,660 19 K UChannel collection ITEMS 68 VIEWS 18,660 collection eye 18,660
Effective August 2009 : The collection previously found at the collection page www.archive.org/details/ucpublicaffairslectures will now be found at www.archive.org/details/uchannel to reflect the organization 's name change .
Please change any bookmarks to this collections page .
This video library features public affairs lectures , panels , and events from leading academic institutions all over the world .
Topics include international affairs , the war on terror , media , and government , among many ...
Topics : UChannel , ucpublicaffairslectures
9,365 9.4K Colloquia ( ArsDigita University ) collection ITEMS 13 VIEWS 9,365 collection eye 9,365
To supplement the traditional curriculum , the university held a colloquium series , inviting luminaries from across the field of computer science .
Financiers , activists , and researchers at the cutting edge of new technologies shared their work , giving students " real world " perspectives on computer science .
The colloquia ran from September 2000 to June 2001 .
12 lectures and footage from the ArsDigita University graduation ceremony .
Topics : arsdigita , computer science , guest lectures
5,053 5.1K Public Library of Science ( PLoS ) collection ITEMS 18 VIEWS 5,053 collection eye 5,053
The Public Library of Science ( PLoS ) is a non-profit advocacy and publishing organization .
They publish a growing collection of Open Access scientific and medical journals whose complete contents are freely available online .
Their long - term goals are to create an online " public library of science " containing every scientific and medical paper ever published and to develop the information technologies needed to maximize the value of this resource .
This collection features videos ...
1,684 1.7K Media X collection ITEMS 16 VIEWS 1,684 collection eye 1,684
MEDIA X @ STANFORD UNIVERSITY INTERDISCIPLINARY
COLLABORATIONS
ADVANCING TECHNOLOGY
Media X , Stanford University 's campus - wide research network for the innovative design and study of Information technologies of the future , coordinates the development and implementation of collaborative partnerships with industry , foundations , and governments in Stanford 's laboratories and classrooms .
Media X influences the next generation of Information technologies relevant to commerce , media , learning , ...
Topics : Media X , Stanford University
Open Educational Resources 617 617 Education
Test texts eye 617 favorite 2 comment 0
This item demonstrates what a multi-media education item might look like .
465 465 Arsdigita University : 00 Unix Tutorial collection ITEMS VIEWS 465 collection eye 465
I 've tried to read more lately -- where " lately " is maybe the past 2 years -- in an attempt to learn things that I did n't know much about before .
O'Reilly books seem to be the best way to learn about any new technology , because Tim understands that people prefer books that are accessible .
I.e. , books you can read and understand the first time around , and they do n't presuppose a lot of esoteric knowledge .
So when I need to learn the latest Algol - family programming language , or Adams - family distributed - computing protocol , or Lisp - family XML technology ( Oh no !
Now I 've gone and let the cat out ... ) , O'Reilly is definitely the way to go .
But for all their great titles , O'Reilly shies away from math , computer science , engineering , general science , and other such impractical nonsense , perhaps because it does n't sell well .
So when I want to learn about something useful but difficult , I need to brave the scary territory of " other publishers " .
The Invisible Publisher
Have you noticed how occasionally a publisher will intrude into your consciousness as being exceptionally good ( or bad ) ?
Example : I think of SAMS publishing as being an atrociously bad publishing house .
I 've bought a few of their titles and have been uniformly horrified at the quality .
The books are typically thrown together by multiple authors , each writing different chapters .
The authors are evidently unaware of each others ' existence , and they often wind up covering the same material redundantly in different chapters -- sometimes even with conflicting terminology or outright contradictions .
I just visited their website to make sure it was really Sams , and yep , most of their books have anywhere from two to ten authors .
Trust me : just stay away from them .
Some examples of ( non -O'Reilly ) publishers that come to mind as consistently excellent publishers of technical literature : Um ...
Oh wait , I know -- I 've got it , almost ... it's on the tip of my tongue ; they 're that sort of O'Reilly - like one ... shoot .
I forget .
Well , I suppose we 've got Sun Press and Microsoft Press , but oddly enough , both of them seem to focus mostly on Sun or Microsoft technologies , respectively .
So you can't really trust either of them to be open - minded .
Ah , got it !
There 's that publisher that does the " Hacks " series .
You know , Google Hacks , Excel Hacks , Amazon Hacks ... they 're cool .
Oh wait .
* Ahem * .
That 's O'Reilly too .
Never mind .
Oh !
What about that new " Developer 's Notebook " series ?
That publisher is definitely thinking practically .
Like the new Java 1.5 Tiger : A Developer 's Notebook -- it 's pretty cool , even if the only reason I bought it was to see if you could subclass enums , and the guy asks if any readers have figured out how to do it yet .
D'oh .
But it 's still a cool book .
Who publishes that series again ?
I 'll give ya three guesses ; the first two do n't count .
O'Reilly is the Starbucks / McDonalds of technical publishing .
You know you 're getting consistent quality -- not necessarily great quality , but it 's consistent .
And more importantly , you 're getting a consistent experience .
You know what to expect .
A big , ugly creature on the cover , that 's what you should expect .
They wo n't assume you know any math , which is a good thing , because I do all my basic arithmetic using a desk calculator now ( M - x calc ! ) .
They do n't assume anything other than that you 're marginally familiar with the English language and that you do n't really have much time to spare .
Just like Starbucks and McDonalds .
To be sure , there are some publishers whose names ( or cover styles ) you recognize .
Addison - Wesley is a fine technical publisher with some great titles .
So is John Wiley .
But I had to look on my shelf to remember them .
O'Reilly is on a different level ; they 're a name you bandy about with confidence , knowing everyone else will know them too .
That has n't happened much in technical publishing .
Certainly in Science Fiction , at least when I was a kid , the publishers were important enough that you knew who they were .
If Lester Del Rey published a book , then you knew it was going to be great reading for a pubescent teenager -- witness everything Piers Anthony ever wrote , for instance .
Ballantine Books were slightly higher - brow , but also excellent .
And Daw books , with their distinctive yellow backs , were almost always worth buying .
Looking over at my shelf , I see that Enders Game is a Tor book , whom I originally confused with Daw , since I have n't read much sci- fi in the past 20 years .
But they were pretty good too , as I recall .
Why is technical publishing essentially dominated by one publisher ?
( And why is n't Amazon publishing fat orange - and - black Amazon - Press technical books ?
People would read them , at least for long enough to determine whether they suck or not .
We could publish what we do n't know about servware and still make a fortune off it . )
If I were to hazard a guess , it would be that in order to determine what makes a good tech book , you have to be relatively technical yourself .
I get the vague impression that Tim O'Reilly is a guy with a technical bent , or at least with some technical common sense .
I 've made this point before : you always build great things for yourself , not for other people , or they wo n't be great .
Ten Great Books
I was originally going to title this blog entry " Ten Wishes " , and talk about ten books that I wish I 'd read .
That is , books I know I should read , because I know they 'll be good for me , but I have n't managed to finish them yet .
But I thought I 'd start off with ten books that I thought were pretty good , despite of all my slobbering - drunken ranting about the relative evils of OOP , multithreading , and von Neumann machines .
( Hey , they 're sort of what we have to work with now , right ?
Let my gravestone not read that I was n't pragmatic ... )
With that said , here are ten books that I really enjoyed , and that I 'd recommend to anyone who 's a computer programmer , regardless of their preferred language and platform .
Note : I 'm limiting myself to books that I 've actually finished and revisit frequently .
There are a lot of books that I 'm sure would replace books in this list , except that I 'm too lame to finish them .
I 'll write another blog about them at some point .
And with that , the envelope , please ...
#1) The Pragmatic Programmer : From Journeyman to Master by Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas .
This is one of my favorite books on programming , although I burned through it in about 3 or 4 hours , and did n't learn a huge amount from it .
The point is that it was fun to read , it made a lot of sense , and it was helpful in reinforcing the habits I knew were good ones .
The primary focus of the book is on how to be an effective and efficient programmer , and how to have fun practicing your craft .
So , for instance , they 'll recommend that you learn how to touch - type with all ten of your fingers .
And that you choose a powerful extensible editor and learn how to write extensions for it .
And that you use a programming language that supports metaprogramming , so you can code your way out of holes without using hundreds of thousands of lines of code .
Sounds a bit like some of my blogs , does n't it ?
Honestly , though , I worry that the book is somewhat futile .
It may be one of those books that you either understand and agree with already , or you never will .
I 've sent out suggestions on mailing lists that were more or less directly out of the book , and received responses from so - called engineers who proudly claim , pecking their response out with their index fingers , that they 've " gotten by " for 4 years without ever writing a script .
Then they mail the same list asking if anyone knows of a refactoring tool that will do a global name - change inside comment headers .
Or they 'll refuse to listen when the entire community tells them that an identifer name needs to be changed , because it 's now " used in too many places " .
( Yes , I kept those emails ; they 're in my " broken SDEs " folder . )
Or during a discussion about metaprogramming and code - squishing techniques , someone will just snap , and start ranting about how any OOP book will tell you that EJB is the only thing you need to know .
I 'm going to put the book on my Top 10 list in the hopes that there are some programmers out there who have n't yet realized the merits of practicing at being more efficient , and who are n't so set in their ways that the mere thought of learning something new sends them off the deep end into a spittle - emitting rage .
It really is a good book , and a fast read .
And everything it really does matter , so pay the most attention to the parts that seem to matter the least .
Those are the ones you should work on .
# 2) Refactoring : Improving the Design of Existing Code by Martin Fowler .
When I read this book for the first time , in October 2003 , I felt this horrid cold feeling , the way you might feel if you just realized you 've been coming to work for 5 years with your pants down around your ankles .
I asked around casually the next day : " Yeah , uh , you 've read that , um , Refactoring book , of course , right ?
Ha , ha , I only ask because I read it a very long time ago , not just now , of course . "
Only 1 person of 20 I surveyed had read it .
Thank goodness all of us had our pants down , not just me .
This is a wonderful book about how to write good code , and there are n't many books like it .
None , maybe .
They do n't typically teach you how to write good code in school , and you may never learn on the job .
It may take years , but you may still be missing some key ideas .
I certainly was .
The book talks about production code at the level of individual functions , and even snippets of code within a function .
It starts by showing you ugly functions that work , then shows you , step by step , how to make them clean and beautiful without breaking them .
Some of the techniques are quite powerful , and many can be automated .
The book simultaneously showed me why some of my functions had grown large and gnarled , despite my best efforts , and then gave me tools and confidence for fixing it .
The book 's examples are in Java , but do n't let that put you off .
The ideas are relevant for every programming language .
I know a guy who read through it without knowing any Java , and immediately began putting the ideas to work in refactoring his Perl code .
I even factor and refactor my Lisp code these days .
If you 're a relatively experienced engineer , you 'll recognize 80 % or more of the techniques in the book as things you 've already figured out and started doing out of habit .
But it gives them all names and discusses their pros and cons objectively , which I found very useful .
And it debunked two or three practices that I had cherished since my earliest days as a programmer .
Do n't comment your code ?
Local variables are the root of all evil ?
Is this guy a madman ?
Read it and decide for yourself !
# 3) Design Patterns , by Erich Gamma , Richard Helm , Ralph Johnson , John Vlissides ( also known as the " Gang of Four " or just GoF ) .
This book was incredible .
When it came out in early 1995 , it offered a set of 23 little reprieves from the blind , crawling , Lovecraftian madness of C++ programming .
( Ever notice how " Ph'nglui mglw ' nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah ' nagl fhtagn " and " Protected abstract virtual typedef 'd copy constructor function " sound identical underwater ?
Yup .
The Elder Gods are lumbering and gibbering around Redmond right now . )
Well , it was 22 reprieves , really , since the Interpreter pattern was put in there as sort of an in - joke .
1994 , the year the book was being prepared , was in fact the 40th anniversary of John Backus 's 1954 observation that most programmers detested the idea of a " compiler " :
At that time , most programmers wrote symbolic machine instructions exclusively ( some even used absolute octal or decimal machine instructions ) .
Almost to a man , they firmly believed that any mechanical coding method would fail to apply that versatile ingenuity which each programmer felt he possessed and constantly needed in his work .
Therefore , it was agreed , compilers could only turn out code which would be intolerably less efficient than human coding ... " [ John Backus in the 1954 Fortran report ]
So true !
Compilers are for sissies .
Just ask anyone from Geoworks , if you can find anyone left now that they 've gone out of business .
We all wrote everything in assembly language ; it 's obvious that computer time is more expensive than programmer time , and good programmers can hand - generate code that outperforms anything any compiler can generate .
If - statements and for - loops were for pansies .
We had " jcxz " and that was enough .
Most of the programming world who believed that you should write everything in assembly language have moved on ( that 's a euphemism for " died " . )
Their children and grandchildren today ( that 's you ! ) realize that , well , compilers are pretty important .
We 'll begrudge them their place .
But programmers today firmly believe that any Interpreted coding method such as Java or Ruby fails to apply that versatile ingenuity which each programmer feels he / she possesses and constantly needs in his / her work , etc .
The authors of Design Patterns thought this was pretty funny .
The machines change ; the languages change , but people do n't change .
So they threw in the Interpreter pattern as a sort of practical joke , a gag that no real programmers with hairs on their chests would actually understand , let alone agree with .
Other than that , the book was great !
# 4 ) Concurrent Programming in Java( TM ) : Design Principles and Pattern ( 2nd Edition ) by Doug Lea .
Note that I 've gone with Amazon 's liberal interpretation of the title and dropped the " S " from " Patterns " .
I 'm nothing if not patriotic .
Excellent book on concurrency .
Doug Lea wisely steers clear of Quantum Chu Spaces and even basic arithmetic , preferring to focus on " sound engineering principles " that can help your multi- threaded programs run for as long as possible without context - switching .
Haha , just kidding .
It helps them run as long as possible with context - switching .
Jest seein ' if yer awake .
Doug really does a wonderful job , at least the second time around ; the first edition read like it was by Ph.D's for Ph.D's , which means it was primarily targeted at ineffectual companies like Google . [ 1 ]
But the second edition is far more manly , hence the cover - art color - scheme switch from cold Vulcan blood - green to manly human blood - red .
Really .
The nice thing about this book is that as long as you 're using a von Neumann computer , you 're going to have to worry about how to fake parallelism on a sequential device , and that 's nontrivial .
( " Nontrivial " is a computer science term that sounds just like " wgah 'nagl " underwater .
' Nuff said . )
So even though the subtitle of this book is " in Java " , the principles apply to just about any programming language , including Hasturese .
Strongly recommended .
# 5) Mastering Regular Expressions , 2nd Edition , by Jeffrey Friedl .
Our first O'Reilly title in the list !
It has an owl on the front ; owls are known for their , uh , regular , erm , never mind .
It 's not always clear how O'Reilly picks their colophons .
This is a great book for exactly , precisely the reason that all O'Reilly books are great : it covers complex material in a way that 's accessible to uncomplex people .
Ever notice that " O' Reilly " sounds just like " for Dummies " underwater ?
And quite frankly , I 'm the proud owner of several " for Dummies " books ( publisher : IDG , which I believe stands for " IDiot 's Guide " ) ; they 're very similar to O'Reilly books in their general approach and target audience .
It might sound like I 'm bashing on for - Dummies books , but quite the contrary -- I hate badly - written , pretentious books that do n't talk to me like a person .
I 've often wished that O'Reilly would publish a Computer Science series .
Anyway , regular expressions are a mini-language for generating and matching regular languages , a concept introduced by the famous linguist Noam Chomsky .
A " mini-language " is a special - purpose language with its own jargon and structure .
A famous example is StarbucksSpeak , a Turing - complete coffee - ordering mini-language with a rich , free - form syntax and domain - specific jargon , allowing well - formed expressions such as : " Grande quad - shot no -room light - foam half - caf half - decaf half - lowfat half - nonfat 190 - degree sugar - free vanilla medium - roast half - white chocolate half - regular chocolate Mocha Valencia with 1 pump sugar - free hazelnut and a sprig of nutmeg .
Oh , and make that iced . "
As one Starbucks employee put it : " More words means more money . "
I believe the drink above costs over seventeen dollars .
You need to learn the idioms and efficiency considerations for each minilanguage to help optimize its performance .
Other widespread minilanguages include : Pizza - Ordering Language ( which has many dialects but is more or less universal ) , Swearing Like A Drunken Sailor ( which is useful when you receive the bill for your car repairs , written in the Auto Repair Theft mini-language ) , and of course Pig Latin , which is helpful for talking about slower co-workers ( " ob - Bay 's ot - nay oo - tay ight - bray , is he ? " ) .
Mini-languages are everywhere , and can be quite fun .
Regular expressions are no exception .
They let you parse a log file faster than you can say : " does Python 's case - insensitivity metacharacter span the entire expression , or is that just in Perl ? "
Like the syntax for printf 's format string , regexps are a tool that will be useful in almost any language you use .
Strongly recommended .
Oh , and make mine iced .
# 6) The Algorithm Design Manual , by Steven Skiena .
This book came highly recommended from a friend of mine who reads a lot ( great programmer , too ) -- in fact , the same person who was the only one ( out of 20 ) who had read Refactoring , back when I was polling people about it in October of last year .
I 've read through most of the book , although I 'm not certain I 've read all of it , because it 's more like an encyclopedia than a continuous narrative .
It took me a while to appreciate how useful it is , in part because I was n't really grokking its organization , which is part narrative , part cookbook , and part bibliography .
But it works !
It provides fairly comprehensive coverage of the most common data structures and algorithms , but with a focus on teaching you how to model problems and select the right algorithm .
It 's filled with " War Stories " and real - life examples .
Most of the examples are wgah 'nagl and take several pages of explanation , often with detailed diagrams .
If you work through them carefully , you 'll gain real familiarity with some useful techniques for solving NP - complete problems .
And I have to confess that I did n't fully appreciate how widespread graphing problems are , and how many things can be modeled ( and solved ) with graph algorithms , until I read this book .
I 've read a ton of data - structures and algorithms books , and I 've never found one like this one .
Its unconventional approach is refreshing and keeps you interested .
I find myself coming back to it frequently , and always learning something new .
Summary : this one 's a keeper .
# 7 ) The C Programming Language , Second Edition , by Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie .
This is an odd little book .
It 's frequently mistaken for an introductory programming book , which inevitably leads to frustration .
It 's not a good way to learn how to program ; it expects that you 're already familiar with machine architecture , assembly language , compilers , and at least one other high - level language .
It 's not even a very good way to learn C .
The idioms and best - practices for C programming have evolved substantially , even since the second edition was published , and some of the code samples look a bit dated .
However , with all that said , it 's still an amazing little book .
The C language is a remarkably elegant balancing act between efficiency and expressiveness .
By today 's standards , perhaps , it does n't seem very feature - rich , and many people feel that programming in C can be tedious .
Perhaps so .
It depends , I think , on the size of the system you 're trying to build , and on your overall familiarity with the language and tools .
C is n't really suitable for building huge systems , but it was never intended to be .
C was created for making Unix , and Unix is n't a large system ; it 's a large collection of small systems that work together cleanly and effectively ( for the most part ) .
C is an elegant language , and is in my opinion quite a breath of fresh air if you 've been working in C++ for very long .
People who try use C++ to build giant , hairy systems often wind up being giant , hairy programmers as a result .
If you 're trying to build a large system in C , you 'll inevitably wind up making a choice between two alternatives :
Use the AlternateHardAndSoftLayers design pattern , in which you write most of your code in a high - level language , and the performance - critical parts in optimized C .
Try to make C a high - level language itself , which either leads to the madness of choosing C++ , or the madness of implementing your own high - level language in C , without any actual syntactic support .
Most companies choose the second option , usually because they have n't learned the hard way that 90 % of your code never needs to be optimized , and doing so wo n't produce any human - observable difference in runtime performance .
Java is essentially a pre-packaged , turnkey solution for option # 1 ; hence it has all the pros and cons of a turnkey solution .
It 's easier -- you only have to learn one language , and you can avoid most of the low - level programming and porting issues .
The downside is that you 're not using a true high - level language , and it's not as easy to optimize the performance - critical parts .
But on the whole , it 's better than trying option # 2 .
When it comes right down to it , though , C is a beautiful little language .
Many ( most ? ) computer games these days use the AlternateHardAndSoftLayers pattern ; the game engine is written in C , and the games themselves are written in higher - level languages .
And the game industry is one of the most obsessively performance - focused software industries out there , so that 's pretty strong evidence in favor of that pattern .
I guess what I 'm trying to say is that writing in C is a pleasure , as long as you do n't try anything too ambitious by yourself .
And the K&R book may just be the best way to see this .
It 's certainly a great way to come back to the language after you 've been a way for a while .
Summary : after a long hard day of C++ programming , it 's nice to revisit something simple and elegant .
#8) The Little Schemer , by Daniel P. Friedman and Matthias Felleisen
This is without question one of the weirdest technical books you 'll ever encounter .
But do n't be put off by the format .
Well , you WILL be put off by it , but try not to be dogmatic about it .
This book makes my top - 10 list because it helped me understand recursion and think recursively better than any other approach .
Scheme is a fine language for doing this , although they could probably have just as easily done the book in Haskell or Ruby .
It does n't matter , though -- the concepts transcend the language .
A lot of people simply avoid recursion because they 've heard it does n't perform very well .
They do n't practice it , so when they run into situations where recursion is the most natural approach , they have a LOT of trouble with it .
Recursion is the most natural way to express many algorithms , including tree and graph traversals , linear and dynamic programming , parsing of computer languages and natural languages , and plenty of others .
If you are n't comfortable thinking recursively , you 'll tend to steer clear of recursive solutions , which means that for many problems you 'll wind up with code that 's a lot uglier and error - prone than it should have been .
The Little Schemer is not a book that you can sit down and read like a novel , or even like a J2EE technical manual .
You have to work through all of the examples yourself , by hand , in order , and you can't skip any of them .
The painful way ( IMO ) is to use a Scheme interpreter ; I found it easier to translate the examples into Emacs - Lisp and run them in lisp - interaction - mode .
There are only a few simple rules to remember .
Or perhaps you can find a Scheme plug - in for your favorite editor .
However you decide to do it , you need to do it -- you have to solve the problems yourself .
They recommend that you do n't try doing the book all in one sitting ; it has about 10 chapters , and I was doing about 2 a day , so I got through it in about a week ( about an hour a day ) .
About halfway through , you really start getting the hang of it , and by then they 're mostly teaching you common idioms for recursion .
If you really do the examples , it gradually becomes fairly trivial to express things as singly - or doubly - recursive functions .
I have n't made it through the Seasoned Schemer yet -- that 'll undoubtedly be in my " Ten Wishes " blog entry about books that I want to read .
But I 'm looking forward to it .
Summary : wonderful book .
Definitely deserves a spot in my Top 10 list .
# 9 ) Compilers , by Aho , Sethi and Ullman
This is the ( in ) famous " Dragon Book " , and it's by far the hardest book in the list so far , even more so than The Algorithm Design Manual , in no small part because it 's extremely dense .
That , or I 'm extremely dense .
Or both .
However , all the other compilers books I 've tried out have been unsatisfactory .
We used this one in school , and I pretty much hated it .
Every few years I 'd pull it out and try to puzzle through it , and it would put me right to sleep .
Wonderful soporific , for those of you with occasional bouts of insomnia .
The authors have evidently released a new version in C ( the old one was in Ada ) , and maybe it 's gotten better , but I have n't looked at it .
After several years of fighting with the Fisher and LeBlanc book , I finally bought myself a copy of the Dragon Book .
I 'd heard the most awful horror stories about it , so you can imagine this was an act of sheer desperation .
And much to my surprise , I found it to be a wonderful book .
I can appreciate the arguments to the effect that it's not a good text for undergraduate students .
But that 's clearly not the intent of the book .
The book was obviously written for the educated researcher or working professional who wants to write a compiler , and does n't want to mess around .
It covers virtually all of the issues known to compiler writers at the time it was published , except for some of the fancier optimization techniques .
I have no doubt that Richard Stallman possesses a dog- eared copy , and so do the teams that have built virtually all production - quality compilers in the past 20 years .
I 'm going to argue in a yet - to - be- published essay that Compilers and Operating Systems are the most important courses in an undergraduate CS degree , and that both of them should be required for graduation .
Unfortunately I do n't know of any CS degrees that require them both ; usually they let you get by with one or the other ( or neither ) .
Suffice it to say for now that a working knowledge of compiler construction is the thing that differentiates good programmers from average ones , and expertise with compilers is something you find in all great programmers .
Even if you never plan on writing or working on a compiler yourself , it 's still the most important CS subject , and it's a damned shame that most schools do n't tell you how and why it 's so important .
There are other books on compilers , and you 'll probably need to struggle with many of them before it all starts to really come together .
Compilers are among the most complex programs a person can write , and it 's taken fifty years for the world to figure out as much as we know about them -- which is n't enough by a long shot , but the situation is improving .
But I think once you 've really started to master the subject , the Dragon Book is the one you 'll keep coming back to .
So it makes the list .
# 10 ) WikiWikiWeb , by Ward Cunningham and thousands of others .
I got tired of scanning my shelf for important books .
Most of the books on my shelf are either ( a ) really important , but I have n't finished them yet because I 'm a loser , or ( b ) not very good .
There are very few that I 'd recommend for all programmers , except for textbooks , and I 've already got two or three pretty hefty books in my list so far .
The WikiWikiWeb ( also confusingly called the " Portland Patterns Repository " ) is the world 's first and oldest Wiki .
It 's also one of the larger ones , although it 's peanuts compared to Wikipedia , which has nearly 400,000 exceptionally high - quality articles , and 3 ugly ones .
Its sister projects ( WikiDictionary , etc. ) are no slouches either .
The Wikimedia Foundation sites are rapidly becoming some of the most important intellectual hubs on the internet , notwithstanding the fact that the founder 's name is Jimbo .
But WikiWikiWeb is still cool , and in particular it 's cool because it has a lot of smart people agonizing over hard issues .
Strong typing or weak typing ?
OOP , functional style , both , or neither ?
Pair programming or no ?
The site has thousands of useful explanations and interesting discussions .
It 's one of the very few internet sites that I keep coming back to , and it 's been just as valuable to my education as a programmer as any book I 've read , so I think it gets a spot in the list .
Epiblogue
I had myself a wee bit too much vintage port tonight , and I 'm now at the point where I 'm making up words like Epiblogue , so it 's clearly getting time to call it quits .
Tune in next time for my far - more - interesting list of books that I know are truly groundbreakingly fantastic , since I 've read anywhere from a chapter to half the book , but I 'm too stupid to finish them .
Or in some cases , I just found out about them , and I 'm racing to finish them as fast as possible .
Would love to hear comments or pointers to other peoples ' favorite - books lists .
I 'm always keeping my ear out for recommendations .
( Published Nov 18th 2004 )
Notes
[ 1 ] I work at Google now ; I hope they realize I was being facetious .
Comments
" I 'm going to argue in a yet - to - be- published essay that Compilers and Operating Systems are the most important courses in an undergraduate CS degree , and that both of them should be required for graduation .
Unfortunately I do n't know of any CS degrees that require them both ; usually they let you get by with one or the other ( or neither ) . "
UIUC requires both .
Posted by : Joel H. at November 19 , 2004 01:22 AM
I highly recommend _ Expert C Programming_ by Peter van der Linden .
It addresses a lot of esoteric issues related to C , like the difference between pointers and arrays and how to parse declarations like :
char * const *( * next ) ( ) ;
Despite tackling rather dry subjects , the book is extremely readable .
It is a delightful blend of substance , anecdotes , folklore , and programming challenges .
I actually ought to re-read this book ; I whizzed through it too fast the first time , and I 'm sure I could get a lot from a second reading .
I really ought to put a category on my weekly timecard for " Reading Steve 's blog . "
How do you get the time to write all this stuff ?
Posted by : Josh H. at November 19 , 2004 01:37 AM
I think you mean / approximating / the answer to NP - hard problems :)
Did n't like Knuth or _ Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs_ ?
Skiena is a lot easier and more useful day - to - day than Knuth , I admit .
Posted by : Andrew W. at November 19 , 2004 02:28 AM
Sorry Andrew -- yeah , ' approximating ' is probably a better word .
You * can * solve ( some ) NP - complete problems , of course .
But I meant " solving " in the more general sense of " figuring something out so I can get my business problem solved " .
Anyway , fair point .
I never really cared for _SICP_ .
There are plenty of other introductory programming books that use Scheme .
This one , for example , but others as well .
But I suppose I could give SICP another chance .
[ Note , 12/13/2004 --
I went ahead and gave it another chance , and I was way wrong .
It 's awesome .
I 'm putting it into my Ten Favorites list that I 'm going to publish soon . ]
Knuth is awesome .
He 's a great writer , very warm and funny .
And his books are ( oddly enough ) always beautifully typeset .
I just have n't finished any of his books yet .
I 'm about halfway through about five of them at the moment .
Josh : I type fast . :)
And I have a lot of notes lying around .
I like to type while I think .
( I even have a partially sketched - out essay about how useful that is . )
Posted by : Steve Yegge at November 20 , 2004 12:13 AM
Joel : UIUC rocks !
No wonder we get so many great people from UIUC .
Anyone else know of CS programs that require both Compilers and OS ?
Posted by : Steve Yegge at November 20 , 2004 12:14 AM
Stray thoughts on the publishers :
My own experience with O'Reilly has been a long ways from consistent , but then again I was one of those guys who bought every single O'Reilly book he could find for a good couple of years .
There 's bound to be some stinkers in there somewhere .
My O'Reilly books still tend to be pulled down from the shelf most frequently .
Sams is making a bold attempt to put the whole " Teach Yorself Cp+ in twenty - 1 Days " titles and typographical infamy behind them .
I 've been pleasantly surprised by a lot of their newer books - the ones with the purple covers .
Still not great , but better than bad .
Addison - Wesley publishes the books that I have on the shelf to impress folks .
The ones that I 've been able to afford are impressively dense and heavily laden with tons of valuable insight .
I read and reread Stroustrup 's C++ Programming Language ( 2nd edition , still have n't made my way to the 3rd ) , and got lots of knowledge every time , occasionally sprinkled with a mild headache .
Oh , and I 'm not sure if you noticed , but four of your top ten books are published by Addison - Wesley , and only one O'Reilly book is on there .
Maybe it 's just my interpretation of chance numbers , but the interpretation matches my own thoughts : Addison - Wesley publishes the best , but O'Reilly publishes the ones we actually use .
Actually , I may have to take that back .
The book closest to my keyboard right now is " Effective Perl Programming " , published by Addison - Wesley .
Oh , and there are a couple of decent publishers who should get mention .
Manning has published not only " Object - Oriented Perl " by the fiendishly clever Damien Conway , but they have also released the only Perl book I 've ever purchased for other people interested in the language : " Elements of Programming in Perl " .
Twice .
The book that I 'm never going to write about Ruby would be modelled closely after that one .
Man , I 'd love to see a second edition of Elements .
And New Riders .
Mostly bland run -of - the - mill stuff comes from their presses , but they occasionally release a book that makes you feel like you need n't bother buying anything else on the subject .
Right now I 'm thinking of David Beazley 's " Python Essential Reference " , but there were others .
Dang .
A reply that may as well have been a blog post on its own .
Ah well , I guess the coffee is good today .
Posted by : Brian W. at November 24 , 2004 07:34 PM
Practical Software Requirements : A Manual of Content and Style
Posted by : Derek U. at November 29 , 2004 08:22 PM
Applied Cryptography
This book is a very good overview and introduction to security and cryptography .
It 's geared towards engineers rather then cryptologists which makes it much more useful to and SDE .
It can be a bit of a difficult read considering its nearly 800 pages on what most people consider a dry topic , but the author writes and a very readable and entertaining style so it 's not too bad .
Considering that cryptology and security is something that every SDE who considers himself an engineer should be more proficient with , it 's definitely worth the effort required to read it .
Language Processors For Little Languages .
This is another very good introductory book .
It 's geared towards the development of Domain Specific Languages .
This book is also a bit less intimidating then the venerable Dragon Book .
I would n't put either of these books into the top ten .
However , I do consider both of these or their equivalents required reading for any SDE worth his salt .
Of course , there are quite a few other areas an SDE needs to be grounded .
I pick out these two simply because they are two areas and SDE should be familiar with and , generally , are not .
Posted by : Eric M. at December 1 , 2004 07:46 PM
Source Citing : Making Examples
Work
Example is n’t another way to teach , it is the only way to teach .
( Albert Einstein )
If the example is correct , that is .
In every release .
So do n’t take chances .
Cite your examples from automated tests .
We ’ve all used products where the examples in the documentation simply did n’t work .
On quickly evolving products , this is almost a given .
At best , we ’re annoyed , but continue to use the product ; at worst , we stop using it .
People learn best from examples .
They ’ll scan documentation for example code , read it , and only resort to reading the surrounding text when the code is n’t clear to them by itself .
They ’ll often copy / paste this example code directly into their own projects and expect it to compile .
Examples are a crucial part of a user ’s early experience with your product .
When working on a hot , fast moving project , how can we developers ensure our documentation will help build trust and acceptance instead of putting people off ?
Why Examples Go Bad
Let ’s take a look at why examples in documentation go bad :
Some examples never were good ; this is the example code we type directly into the document – right out of our heads .
Such code – no matter how short – is rarely correct because we have come to rely on sophisticated IDEs to catch typos and other minor errors immediately .
While these IDEs free us to look at the bigger picture , we are no longer trained to automatically spot minor errors ourselves .
We have to actively look for them .
That is not what we do when we are – rightly – focused on writing good documentation .
Assuming the example code was both syntactically and semantically correct at some point , it can go out of date for a number of reasons :
The underlying API has changed so that the example code wo n’t even compile anymore .
Given the ease with which modern IDEs let us refactor , this happens much more quickly than you ’d think – especially on fast moving projects .
The “ release early , release often ” mantra implies that we also must document early , but that means that code in early stages of development is documented .
This kind of code goes through API changes often ( “ refactor constantly ” ) .
Even in later stages APIs can still change , though less drastically .
For example , if you deprecate elements within the API , you ’d like your examples to use the non-deprecated API , would n’t you ?
The semantics have changed so that the example code still compiles , but produces incorrect results at runtime .
These changes in semantics were intentional .
All the tests have been updated to reflect this .
It is just the example code that got out of date .
In both of the cases above it may even be the API or semantics of a third party library , which changed when you updated to a newer version .
Quality Assurance
Of course , in a project with ideal quality assurance , these problems are detected and corrected .
Right .
Maybe in some well funded and well managed projects .
In fact , the ideal API needs no documentation at all .
You should continue reading only if your project is not perfect .
In smaller , developer - driven projects , documentation often flounders .
There may have been a laudable initial attempt at good documentation , but keeping it current is just not a top priority – despite its critical effect on our potential users ’ first impression .
This is particularly true for many open source projects .
Why do we let errors in our documentation slip through ?
Because checking it quickly becomes very time consuming and tedious .
This is not the kind of task programmers typically excel at .
Often it ’s downright impossible to maintain .
Why is that ?
Snippets of example code from the documentation must be put into a larger , compilable and testable context for verification .
To test semantic correctness , the surrounding text must be read to see precisely what the snippet under test was supposed to do .
The documentation may have grown to the point where even just proofreading everything becomes prohibitive .
Our ever shorter development iterations , while otherwise beneficial , exacerbate the above problems even further .
A Note On Sample Applications
An approach often taken with example code is to provide complete sample applications for users to study .
These , however , suffer from a number of problems :
They often bury the salient points in lots of surrounding code .
They are not well suited to the inclusion of accompanying explanatory text .
Depending on the programming language , it is difficult to structure the example code for didactic effect .
A bunch of sample apps looks much less finished than well structured , nicely formatted documentation with embedded sample code .
Though complete sample apps are a worthy addition , they are only an addition .
And though they ostensibly compile on their own and can be included in release builds , they are still prone to failure if semantics change without accompanying syntactical changes .
It should be obvious by now .
What automated testing ( and unit testing in particular ) did for code quality , it will also have to do for documentation quality .
Only in this way can we keep the blessings of short iterations , constant refactoring and frequent releases whithout sacrificing the quality of our documentation .
So , how do we automatically test documentation ?
For a start , we can test the examples .
And that is likely the most important test we should have in our entire product anyway .
It does n’t matter if a test suite of thousands of tests runs “ all green ” if our users ca n’t use the product because the examples do n’t work .
For the moment , let ’s confine this discussion to API documentation and code examples – we ’ll expand it later .
Consider the following piece of documentation :
The separation of the Engine and Computation interfaces allows the concurrent use of an engine across multiple threads .
Each thread simply creates its own computations on the central engine .
Engines are thus fully thread - safe and non-blocking .
Engine engine = getEngine ( ) ; Inputs inputs = new Inputs ( 4 , 40 ) ; Outputs outputs = ( Outputs ) engine.newComputation ( inputs ) ; double result = outputs.getResult ( ) ;
How do we write an automated test for this fragment of code ?
By not writing it as a fragment at all .
Instead , we write a full test , like any other test we write , using our testing framework of choice .
Then we cite the relevant lines from this test in the documentation .
Since we write the test in our IDE , we enjoy all of its benefits when writing the code .
Here ’s the full test method :
public void testSample1 ( ) throws EngineError { // ---- sample1 Engine engine = getEngine ( ) ; Inputs inputs = new Inputs ( 4 , 40 ) ; Outputs outputs = ( Outputs ) engine.newComputation ( inputs ) ; double result = outputs.getResult ( ) ; // ---- sample1 assertEquals ( 160 , result ) ; }
JCite
In this example , I use JCite , an open source Java source code citation tool .
It relies on markers , // ---- sample1 in the example above , to extract code fragments .
The corresponding documentation source is :
The separation of the `Engine` and `Computation` interfaces allows the concurrent use of an engine across multiple threads .
Each thread simply creates its own computations on the central engine .
Engines are thus fully thread - safe and non-blocking .
[ jc:ch.arrenbrecht.myproject.tests.SampleTests :---- sample1 ]
During release builds , JCite automatically replaces the last line by the source snippet cited from the actual test source code , properly formatted using Java2Html .
Let ’s look at what we have achieved so far :
No more silly errors in example code which was written right in the documentation .
Instead , much better comfort when writing the code inside the IDE .
No more non-compiling code after refactorings or other API changes .
No more non-working code after semantic changes .
Elevation of usage examples to same status as actual product code , meaning it gets tested automatically before every release .
Examples As Tripwire
What remains is that the text of the documentation may still get out of sync .
Imagine , in the code example shown above , that we renamed Engine to Computer .
In modern IDEs , this refactoring would automatically change our sample test method as well .
But the references to the word Engine in the documentation text would not be affected .
It ’s unlikely that we will ever be able to reliably automate such changes in text .
But the example code can act as a tripwire , alerting us when changes might affect surrounding text .
If we use examples liberally , sprinkling our documentation with fragments from actual code , chances are high that we will catch all outdated text without having to reread the whole documentation before every release .
And since people learn well from examples , this is a good thing anyway .
For this scheme to work , the citation tool must archive a copy of the cited source after every run .
Then , when it is run again , it compares the new source to the archived version .
If the source has changed , it alerts us .
Only when we have confirmed that all changes are OK , meaning that we have checked the text surrounding every change , do we tell the tool to go ahead and overwrite the archived versions with the new ones .
( As of release 1.9 , JCite supports this . )
Testing Non-Code Examples
Not all products are driven by source code accessing APIs .
How do we ensure the correctness of examples given in the documentation for
a command - line tool ,
a web application , or
a GUI application ?
Simply put , in order for automated testing , and especially unit testing , to work , we had to learn to make our products easily testable .
This led to less monolithic design and better internal APIs .
Citability
Now we shall have to learn to make our products citable .
While not identical , citability is closely related to testability because both rely on the system under inspection being able to supply snapshots of defined states , and to be brought from state to state using code or scripts , that is , automation .
For a command - line tool , this will be fairly easy .
A web application , with its clear demarcation of requests and responses , should also be relatively straightforward to handle .
GUI applications will likely offer more resistance .
GUI test tools will have to support automated generation of partial screenshots during test runs .
Screenshot annotations ( like lines , arrows , labels , and flyouts ) will likely have to be maintained as a separate layer on top of the generated screenshot .
Nevertheless , we should strive to achieve this goal .
While a programmer may often be able to infer a correction for broken examples of API usage , users of GUI products may be less forgiving .
JDemo is one project I know that is working towards making Swing GUI applications citable .
And since I am working on a project that involves Excel sheets as user input , I am considering writing a sibling to JCite for Excel sheets .
Conclusion
The approach I describe here ( let ’s call it source citing ) is certainly not new , nor is it especially complex or sophisticated .
Like most of the disciplines of agile methodologies , it is fairly straightforward .
And , like these other methodologies , it must be part of a concerted approach .
It ’s a natural extension of the automated testing discipline , extended to product documentation .
A crucial advantage of source citing is that it leverages the best of our existing tools – IDEs for code , editors for text and diagrams – while being as non-intrusive as possible .
Given broader acceptance , integration into IDEs – as happened for unit testing – might even further improve the usability and efficiency of citing source .
In particular , visiting triggered tripwires in the documentation could certainly benefit from integration .
More and more developers regard with suspicion projects and job offerings where automated testing of code is not part of the daily routine and release builds .
It ’s time we started to have equal misgivings about projects where documentation is denied this automated support .
To comment , please join the discussion over at javalobby.org .
With many thanks to Marco von Ballmoos for editing this article .
Asah Kemampuan Otak Game Misteri Terbaik Android
Asah Kemampuan Otak Game Misteri Terbaik Android , – Misteri menjadi genre yang tidak hanya berakhir luar biasa di karya seperti film atau buku saja , namun juga video game .
Genre dengan banyak penggemar ini sangat menarik untuk terus diikuti , dengan di sepanjang permainan , pemain diajak untuk berpikir dan mencari tahu jawaban dari sebuah tanda tanya besar .
Melansir dari laman Agen IDN Poker , Ini cocok untuk mereka yang ingin mengasah kemampuan otak di samping bersenang - senang di sebuah dunia virtual yang interaktif .
Game misteri terbaik juga tidak hanya tersedia di PC atau konsol saja , namun juga platform mobile seperti Android .
Berikut beberapa yang patut dimainkan .
Ace Attorney series
Ace Attorney merupakan seri game visual novel populer bergenre misteri teka - teki yang dirilis pertama kali untuk Nintendo DS dan 3DS .
Kini , seri yang memiliki empat game ini ( Spirit Of Justice , Dual Destinies , Apollo Justice , Investigations ) telah tersedia di Android .
Cara bermainnya sama , di mana kamu akan memulai kasus baru , mengumpulkan bukti dan menggunakan bukti itu untuk menang di pengadilan .
Terdapat mekanik tambahan pula seperti kemampuan untuk mengombinasikan lebih dari satu petunjuk untuk membuat satu petunjuk baru .
The Professor Layton series
The Professor Layton , salah satu seri game misteri paling banyak dimainkan di Nintendo DS , juga dirilis untuk platform Android .
Terdapat empat game dari seri ini yang bisa kamu mainkan , yaitu Diabolical Box , Curious Village , Mystery Journey dan Pandora ’s Box .
Keempatnya mengikuti kisah yang sama seperti versi Nintendo DS - nya , di mana Professor Layton memulai perjalanan untuk memecahkan beragam misteri .
Game ini bersifat premium , punya kualitas cerita yang sangat bagus dan diharapkan bisa jadi sepopuler ketika hadir di Nintendo DS .
Cube Escape
Digarap oleh Rusty Lake , Cube Escape menjadi salah satu seri game misteri teka - teki paling populer di Play Store .
Ini mengusung mekanisme escape room ala The Room , dan memiliki sepuluh game di sepanjang seri .
Semuanya menawarkan latar tempat , cerita dan misteri yang berbeda - beda .
Tidak sama seperti
The Room yang menghadirkan visual dengan detail , Rusty Lake membuat seri Cube Escape dengan visual yang 2D dan lebih minimalis .
Selain Cube Escape , Rusty Lake juga memiliki sejumlah game misteri lain seperti Samsara Room dan seri “ Rusty Lake ” yang terdiri dari tiga game .
The Vigil Files : Case 1
The Vigil Files : Case 1 merupakan game misteri berbasis teks yang menarik .
Pada game ini , kamu akan menerima email dan teks , dan membuat keputusan atau aksi berdasarkan itu .
Kamu juga bisa memeriksa situs web yang tersedia untuk menemukan petunjuk dan melakukan sejumlah aksi peretasan .
Ini tentu berbeda dengan game misteri pada umumnya dan sedikit mengingatkan kepada Lost Phone dari Dear Villagers yang juga luar biasa .
Terlepas dari konsep teksnya yang tentu mengesampingkan visual , game ini punya cerita yang bagus dan sangat layak untuk dicoba .
Life Is Strange series
Life Is Strange merupakan seri game teka - teki petualangan dari Square Enix , yang terdiri dari dua game .
Di game pertamanya , kamu bermain sebagai Max Caulfield , gadis remaja dengan kemampuan memundurkan waktu , yang lewat kemampuannya itu , berusaha untuk memecahkan misteri mengenai hilangnya seorang siswa .
Sementara game keduanya bersifat prekuel , dan kamu akan diajak untuk menyelami kisah sebelum game pertama .
Keduanya dibekali dengan visual yang bagus , cerita yang memikat dan bisa dijajal secara gratis untuk beberapa episode saja .
The Room
The Room merupakan salah satu seri game misteri luar biasa untuk perangkat mobile terutama Android .
Game ini menjebak kamu didalam ruangan dan kamu harus mulai memecahkan teka - tekinya untuk bisa keluar .
Game pertamanya cenderung standar , namun Fireproof Games selaku developer , kemudian menambah cerita yang semakin menarik di sejumlah game selanjutnya , di samping fitur baru seperti cloud saving dan achievement .
Seri ini dikenal karena mampu mengombinasikan visual indah , teka - teki cerdas dan cerita berkelas , dengan sangat baik .
Adventure Escape
Adventure Escape dari Haiku Games merupakan seri game misteri populer di Android .
Tiap game pada seri ini memiliki kisahnya sendiri - sendiri dan kamu sebagai pemain , harus menyelesaikan berbagai teka - teki untuk bisa terus maju di dalam permainan .
Seri yang terdiri dari lima game ini menggabungkan elemen misteri dan teka - teki dengan mekanisme escape room .
Cara bermainnya sendiri hanya dengan point - and - click untuk menemukan petunjuk atau item , yang kemudian dapat digunakan untuk memecahkan teka - teki .
Seri ini sepenuhnya gratis untuk diunduh di Play Store .
***
Demikian tadi ulasan sekaligus rekomendasi game misteri terbaik di Android untuk asah kemampuan otak kamu .
Jika kamu punya rekomendasi misteri cerdas lain untuk dibagikan , langsung saja tulis di kolom komentar di bawah .
What Does Blogspace Look Like ?
I ’ve been analyzing the content of blogs lately , looking for patterns .
It ’s a huge amount of data , which makes for some tricky technical problems .
Finally , tonight , thanks to some help from friends and the Large Graph Layout package , I ’ve finally got some results .
And they ’re stunning .
Ladies and gentlemen , the blogosphere :
And , for fun , let ’s zoom in one one of those small splotches :
You should follow me on twitter here .
July 26 , 2006
Many say that success in business and life often is a matter of
timing .
In the case of
Y Combinator
and its recently completed
Startup School , I would have to concur
completely .
As Michael Mandel , Chief Economist for
BusinessWeek , shared during his presentation at
Startup School , most economies can be defined by four words : " Boom , Bust , Boom , Bust " .
He also said that he believes the Internet is entering a new Boom cycle .
Y Combinator is a new kind of venture firm specializing in funding
early stage startups .
The company funds startups in batches instead of taking
the usual approach of funding startups individually .
Startup School is Y
Combinator 's initiative to help more potential entrepreneurs understand the
process of moving from an idea to a company .
Recently , Y Combinator finished work with its first batch of startups from the
Summer
Founders Program .
A group of eight companies started this program back in May
2005 .
Paul Graham , the founder of ViaWeb , which sold to
Yahoo in 1998 , author of Hackers and Painters : Big Ideas from the Computer
Age and a partner in Y Combinator , said , " if I had to guess now , I 'd predict three or four of the
eight startups we funded will make it " .
According to the final report of the
Working
Group on Venture Capital , a joint effort between the Department
of Commerce and the Directorate - General for Enterprise and Industry ,
there is a fundamental failure in the provision of early - stage financing
for startups in both the US and the EU .
So it would seem that Y Combinator and the
Startup School are timed well to fill a clear need .
As many of the
speakers at Startup School would agree , filling a clear need is key
to the success of any startup .
As a participant in Startup School , it was amazing to witness approximately 500 aspiring
entrepreneurs gathered for this program .
Demand to participate was even more
impressive .
I heard from Jessica Livingston , a partner with Y Combinator ,
that over 700 people applied .
The school was held on the campus of
Harvard University in Hall B of the Science Center .
Although the school was held at the tail end of a week - long autumn rain
spell , October 15 , there seemed to be few no shows -- and with good reason .
Startup School featured a first rate line - up of experts on the topic of
starting technology companies .
In addition , the speakers included representatives
from both Yahoo and Google .
For many , the highlight of the line - up was a presentation by
Steve Wozniak , co-founder of Apple
Computer .
Steve delivered a presentation full of energy and insights into
an historical era of the computer industry .
He poignantly stated what many
of the speakers pointed out when talking about innovating : " To me , goodness is having
the fewest parts . "
In other words , keep it simple .
According to Livingston , the list of speakers invited originally
consisted of people that spoke to the participants of the original Summer
Founder 's Program .
Additional speakers were added to fill in gaps to
ensure that participants heard about all of the aspects Y Combinator
feels are important to know when starting new companies .
Startup School actually was Paul Graham 's idea , and it came about even before the first Summer Founders
Program .
Livingston recalled that Paul approached her about doing the
Startup School .
Along the way , the Summer Founders Program emerged as a
result of their development of Paul 's original idea .
Following
the success of the original batch of startups , though , they still felt strongly
about trying to help more potential entrepreneurs , especially for
free .
Ultimately , Y Combinator felt the best way to help was to
educate people .
Essentially their observations are that many of the
people Y Combinator talks with are brilliant but generally are
terrified by the concept of forming a business .
This was confirmed
by one of the Summer Founders .
In the concluding session of the Startup
School , which included some of the original Summer Founders , Aaron Swartz
shared that when he was explaining his plans for the summer , he did not
tell people that he was going to be working on starting a company .
He
would tell people only that he would be working for a company , because
it seemed so absurd to think he was starting a company .
In summary , Y Combinator 's Startup School included a stellar group of
startup experts and a lot of concise , easy - to - use startup advice .
I'm
sure that many of the attendees left with a new perspective on starting a
company .
Another idea that was repeated by more than one speaker was to follow
your passion .
By merely attending Startup School , I believe that many in
attendance are on their way to doing exactly that .
I met people from Canada , Mexico ,
Philadelphia , Washington , D.C. , San Francisco , Atlanta , and I 'm sure many
other places even farther away from Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Traveling
thousands of miles with your own money to hear about starting a company
seems like a great definition of passion , do n't you think ?
I 'm convinced
that many future startups will emerge from this first class of Startup
School attendees .
I 'm also convinced that many of them will apply for the
Winter Founders
Program , although they should hurry .
The October 25th deadline is
approaching quickly .
The French reputation for broadband superiority rests mainly on a start - up company called Iliad .
This provides more than a million French subscribers with a " triple play " package called Free , which includes 81 TV channels , unlimited phone calls within France and to other 14 countries , plus 24 megabits internet for just € 29.99 ( £ 20 ) a month .
Free 's Freebox was the system demonstrated on last week 's BBC 2 Money Programme , The Broadband Boom and You ( http://tinyurl.com/), where the British guinea pigs were taken across the channel and given a real taste of the inferiority of the services available in the UK .
So how was it done ?
The foundation was laid by the French government which , in a spirit of deregulation , brought in what we call LLU - Local Loop Unbundling - in 2000 .
This enabled rival firms to install equipment in France Telecom 's exchanges in order to provide an independent service .
LLU is what has tempted TalkTalk into the UK broadband market .
But then Iliad 's young , entrepreneurial founder , Xavier Niel , decided he did n't want to use the usual ADSL equipment supplied by big companies such as Alcatel .
Instead , Iliad designed and made its own Freebox terminal , to deliver TV , internet and VoIP ( Voice over Internet Protocol ) phone calls .
Even more unusually , Iliad also developed its own Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexer ( DSLAM ) , the complicated exchange equipment that bundles up all the local traffic from separate lines and feeds it into the backbone network .
You would not expect a start - up to introduce new technologies and pick up more than a million customers in less than three years without some teething problems .
For example , Wikipeida describes Freebox as " a rather erratic ADSL modem " and at least some users have had problems getting the things working , or working consistently .
On the other hand , that 's also true in the UK , where some broadband providers have generated customer hatred for their inability to deliver a reliable service in a reasonable time .
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
But when you tell people about the studies documenting bias , if they are prejudiced , they just discount the evidence .
Image Ben A. Barres recently .
Credit ...
Thor Swift for The New York Times
Q. How does this bias manifest itself ?
A . It is very much harder for women to be successful , to get jobs , to get grants , especially big grants .
And then , and this is a huge part of the problem , they do n’t get the resources they need to be successful .
Right now , what ’s fundamentally missing and absolutely vital is that women get better child care support .
This is such an obvious no - brainer .
If you just do this with a small amount of resources , you could explode the number of women scientists .
Q . Why is n’t there more support for scientists who have children ?
A . The male leadership is not doing it , but women are not demanding it .
I think if women would just start demanding fairness , they might get it .
But they might buy in a little bit to all this brainwashing .
They are less self - confident .
And when women speak out , men just see them as asking for undeserved benefits .
Q. Why are you a scientist ?
A. I knew from a very young age — 5 or 6 — that I wanted to be a scientist , that there was something fun about it and I would enjoy doing it .
I decided I would go to M.I.T. when I was 12 or 13 .
Q . As a girl , were you pressured not to try for M.I.T.?
A. Of course .
I was a very good math and science student , maybe the best in my high school .
And despite all that , when it came time to talk to my guidance counselor , he did not encourage me .
But I said , I want to go to M.I.T. ; I do n’t want to go anywhere else .
So I just ignored him .
Fortunately , my parents did not try to dissuade me .
Q. Were there girls at M.I.T. then ?
A. Very few , but M.I.T. from its very start took women .
I loved it .
I am not saying it is perfect , but it was a great place to go to school .
Q. Why did you decide to specialize in neuroscience ?
Did the fact that you were a transgendered person spark your interest in the brain ?
Ideeller Überbau Tobias Jaecker
Die Fußball - WM und die Werbekampagne für Deutschland
Wenn Franz Beckenbauer über die Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft in Deutschland spricht , kommt er aus dem Schwärmen kaum noch heraus .
" Ein tolles Fußball - Fest " , " spannende , schön anzuschauende Spiele " und eine " tolle Stimmung " erhofft sich der Chef des WM - Organisationskomitees .
Und Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel verkündet , " der Funke der Begeisterung und der Völkerverständigung " werde bei der WM " auf die ganze Welt überspringen . "
Sportlicher Wettbewerb und die Welt zu Gast bei Freunden - so sieht die schöne Fußball - Welt in den Verlautbarungen von Funktionären und Politikern aus .
Aber ist das auch tatsächlich so ?
Ob sie heute Abend auch noch so fröhlich auftreten können ?
Bundeskanzlerin Merkel mit Bundestrainer Klinsmann und Manager Bierhoff .
Foto : Regierungonline / Bolesch
Die Realität lässt daran zweifeln .
Beispiel Stadion - Tickets : Der größte Anteil geht direkt an Fußballverbände , Sponsoren und Logen - Gäste .
Nur 31 Prozent der verfügbaren
Plätze kommen überhaupt in den freien Verkauf - und das zu überteuerten Preisen und unfairen Konditionen .
So müssen Bewerber für ein Team - Ticket eine " Servicegebühr " in Höhe von 50 Euro abdrücken , auch wenn sie am Ende gar nicht zum Zuge kommen [ 3 ] .
Da kann nur mithalten , wer aufs Geld nicht achten muss .
" Der gemeine Fan wird draußen vor den Toren stehen " , beklagt das Bündnis aktiver Fußball - Fans ( BAFF ) .
Die Gewinner stehen ebenfalls fest .
Zum einen ist da die FIFA : Rund 1,7 Milliarden Euro spült die WM dem Weltfußballverband aus Fernsehrechten und von Großsponsoren in die Kasse .
Die Sponsoren wiederum sind die anderen großen Absahner .
So werden zur WM rund um die Stadien geschützte Zonen eingerichtet , in denen nur die offiziellen FIFA - Partner werben dürfen .
Das Land wird mit teuren Merchandising - Artikeln überschwemmt .
Und wer ohne gebührenpflichtige Genehmigung Begriffe wie " Fußball - WM 2006 " verwendet , wird von der FIFA umgehend verklagt .
Man kann die Kommerzialisierung des Fußballs beklagen - neu ist diese Entwicklung nicht .
Überraschender ist schon die Tatsache , dass die Fußball - WM nicht nur für die Interessen der Wirtschaft eingespannt wird , sondern auch für eine gigantische Werbekampagne des Gastgeberlandes .
Motto : Deutschland - Land der Ideen .
Von den Plakaten lächeln zwei blonde Mädels mit aufgemalten Nationalflaggen herunter .
Laut Selbstdarstellung spiegelt die Kampagne " wesentliche Eigenschaften der Deutschen wider : Einfallsreichtum , schöpferische Leidenschaft und visionäres Denken . "
Auf der offiziellen Website wird dazu passend " jeden Tag eine positive Nachricht " verbreitet und an den Betrachter appelliert : " Wir sind dabei .
Du auch ? "
Und : " Jetzt offizieller Fan von Deutschland werden ! "
Eine Werbekampagne von T - Com stößt ins gleiche Horn : " Wir brauchen Sie im größten Nationalteam aller Zeiten - geben Sie Deutschland Ihr Gesicht ! "
Was das alles mit Fußball zu tun hat ?
Zunächst einmal wenig .
Dass es zwischen Sport , Nation und Wirtschaft einen Zusammenhang gibt , ist aber spätestens seit dem " Wunder von Bern " bekannt .
Als die deutsche Fußball - Nationalmannschaft bei der WM 1954 Ungarn besiegte , schlug bekanntlich die eigentliche Geburtsstunde der Bundesrepublik : Nach der als demütig empfundenen Kriegsniederlage hatten viele Deutsche das erhebende Gefühl eines " Wir sind wieder wer " .
Die mitgereisten Fußball - Anhänger sangen bei der Siegerehrung denn auch prompt die falsche Strophe der Nationalhymne , nämlich die erste .
Der grandiose Fußball - Sieg bewirkte , dass viele Deutsche ihre latenten Schamgefühle und Selbstzweifel ablegten und in einem
Akt der nationalen Selbstversöhnung das " neue " Deutschland feierten , für das es in den 50er Jahren nicht nur auf sportlicher , sondern auch auf wirtschaftlicher Ebene steil nach oben ging .
Das konnte allerdings nur funktionieren , indem zugleich die historische Schuld der Deutschen verdrängt und alles , was außerhalb der nationalen " Schicksalsgemeinschaft " lag , abgewertet wurde .
Von München bietet „ Deutschland – Land der Ideen “ diese „ ausgelassene Stimmung in einem Bierzelt auf dem Oktoberfest “ .
Foto : Fremdenverkehrsamt
München
“ Zick - Zack Zigeneuerpack “
Dieser Mechanismus greift auch heute noch .
Dunkelhäutigen Spielern schlägt von den Rängen im Stadion regelmäßig offener Rassismus entgegen .
Gegnerische Mannschaften werden als " Juden " oder " Zecken " beschimpft .
Ein aktuelles Beispiel : Beim Länderspiel der DFB - Auswahl gegen die Slowakei im September 2005 ertönten aus dem deutschen Fanblock Rufe wie " Zick - Zack Zigeunerpack " und " Deutschland den Deutschen - Ausländer raus " .
Daneben wurden Schlachtgesänge wie " Wenn bei Danzig die Polenflotte im Meer versinkt " zum Besten gegeben .
Nach dem Spiel gab es dazu keine offizielle Reaktion - weder von Seiten des DFB noch vom anwesenden Innenminister .
Immer wieder werden derartige Vorfälle totgeschwiegen , klein geredet oder zu einem vermeintlich " gesunden " Patriotismus umgedeutet ; sie passen nicht ins offizielle Bild .
Dabei sind sie lediglich eine Übersteigerung des neuen Deutschland - Gefühls und liegen durchaus in der Konsequenz der nationalchauvinistischen Appelle von Politikern und Fußball - Funktionären .
DFB - Präsident Gerhard Meyer - Vorfelder etwa fordert schon mal , deutsche Schüler sollten wieder alle drei Strophen des Deutschlandliedes einstudieren .
Schließlich würden ja auch die Franzosen die Marseillaise ganz singen , obwohl deren Geschichte im Dritten Reich " nicht viel einfacher war als die Geschichte des Dritten Reiches bei uns . "
Und CSU - Generalsekretär Markus Söder sagte kürzlich , die Fußball - WM müsse genutzt werden , um einen positiven Patriotismus in Deutschland zu entfalten .
Das Land brauche wieder ein stärkeres Gemeinschafts - und Nationalgefühl .
O - Ton Söder : " Deutschland braucht einen ideellen Überbau . "
Augen zu und durch
FIFA - Präsident Joseph S. Blatter meint , die Deutschen hätten 2006 " die Möglichkeit , mit einer ganzen Reihe von Klischees und vorgefassten Meinungen über Deutschland aufzuräumen " .
Die Welt werde " die Freundlichkeit " und den " Humor der Menschen " kennen lernen und " sehen können , was für ein wunderbares Land Deutschland tatsächlich ist " .
Knapper formuliert es Bundestrainer Jürgen Klinsmann : " Wir haben die Möglichkeit , Deutschland neu zu definieren . "
Überbordende Vaterlandsliebe und Weltoffenheit haben jedoch in Deutschland noch nie so recht zusammen gepasst - das gilt bis zum Beweis des Gegenteils .
Um Blatters Worten dennoch zu entsprechen , wird derzeit hastig am Image gefeilt .
Der DFB legte 2005 erstmals eine Studie zur unrühmlichen Verbandsgeschichte im Dritten Reich vor - nach Jahrzehnten des Schweigens und erst nach wachsendem öffentlichen Druck angesichts der nahenden Weltmeisterschaft .
Rassismus und Hooliganismus bekämpfen die Verantwortlichen in erster Linie an der Oberfläche : Mit Stadionverboten und scharfen Sicherheitskontrollen .
Den Fans wird ein positives Zugehörigkeitsgefühl vermittelt und Kritik , etwa an der Stadionsicherheit und der Ticketvergabe , gnadenlos abgebügelt .
In den Worten Franz Beckenbauers : " Der Verbraucherschutz macht sich wichtig und hält uns von der Arbeit ab . "
Die Beispiele zeigen , wer die wahren Gewinner der Fußball - WM in Deutschland sind : Die Funktionäre , die Wirtschaft und nicht zuletzt die deutsche Politik .
Nur eine Kleinigkeit könnte ihnen noch einen Strich durch die Rechnung machen : Das blamable Gekicke der deutschen Fußball - Elf. Der " Spiegel " jammert angesichts der Negativ - Schlagzeilen nach der 1:4 - Niederlage gegen Italien schon : " Deutschland wirkt wieder vergnatzt und mutlos und ein bisschen hässlich . " ( Tobias Jaecker )
Indian scientists say coffee protects mice from radiation and could work the same way in humans .
Researchers at India 's Bhabha Atomic Research Centre ( BARC ) discovered mice injected with caffeine survived high doses of normally lethal radiation .
Although the study was limited to animals , Kachadpillill George , the head of the research team , believes the findings could have implications for humans .
"
It does suggest that coffee might have some beneficial effects in protecting against radiation , " he told New Scientist magazine .
But British radiation expert Peter O'Neill , of the Medical Research Council 's Radiation and Stability Unit in Oxfordshire , said it would take huge amounts of coffee to protect human cells from radiation damage .
Mr George and his team injected 471 mice with caffeine and exposed them to rays of gamma radiation , enough to kill most mice .
But 25 days later , 70 per cent of the mice that received 80 milligrams of caffeine per kilogram of body weight were still alive .
In contrast , all 196 mice which had been exposed to the same radiation but had not been given any caffeine died .
The researchers said the caffeine reacts with hydroxyl radicals produced by the radiation .
This could stop the radicals from damaging cells and prevent body functions from failing .
" George suggests that a better understanding of the protection offered by caffeine might lead to improvements in the way radiation is used to treat cancer , " the magazine said .
Artist 's Statement
An unusual six - panel extravaganza this week .
This proved to be an especially fecund premise ; I could ’ve drawn an infinite number of panels on this theme .
I have learned so much about the arts of callous , brazen deception from this administration .
There were so many ideas I had to discard .
The one panel I still wish I ’d had room and time to include is : " WHEN YOUR FRIENDS FUCK UP , REWARD THEM LAVISHLY . "
This referring to a particularly ballsy and infuriating move of Bush ’s ; whenever one of his cronies comes under fire for exceptionally appalling incompetence or criminality , he routinely promotes them or gives them a medal , as a defiant fuck - you to public opinion .
It epitomizes his attitude of blithely flouting the ethics and consequences that apply to everybody else in the world .
The drawing would ’ve shown my beloved cat sulking after having clawed out someone ’s eyeball and me coddling her , saying , " Are you an unhappy cat ?
Bist du eine unhäpische këtzle ?
I want you to be happy .
That is what we all want , is a happy , happy cat .
Who would like some catnip ?
Would you ? " , even as her victim clasps a hand in shock over the bleeding socket .
That ’s my friend Carolyn in panel # 1 , cast in this role because of all my female friends she is perhaps the one who would least welcome pregnancy .
I had to ask her and her husband whether they ’d object to my drawing her as having been knocked up by me , and I hereby thank them for their gracious permission .
Thanks , too , to my friend Isabelle who , when I described panel # 4 to her , asked me , " What will Boyd be dressed as ? "
Until then it had n’t occurred to me that Boyd would be in costume at all ; in my original drawing he was still wearing his same old stained T - shirt .
But as soon as she posed the question , the obvious and inevitable answer , the only answer possible , immediately presented itself .
Early this morning I woke up and thought , " Time to draw Boyd as an Ewok . "
Another day , another dollar .
On the subject of the " meaningless re-shuffling of associates , " let us take this opportunity to bid a contemptuous but nonetheless grudgingly fond farewell to Scott McClellan , by general consensus the worst liar ever to appear on national television .
He reminded one of a child smeared with chocolate adamantly insisting that he does not know who ate the mousse but it was n’t him , or a murder suspect soaked in blood doggedly insisting that the true culprit was " some other dude . "
His standard rhetorical tactic was to obstinately recite his single scripted line — " we cannot comment on an ongoing legal case , " for example — over and over , robotically , maddeningly , in response to increasingly specific and pointed variations on some perfectly straightforward question .
It was sadistic good fun watching him straining to draw a fine and convoluted distinction between the treasonous crimes of the administration ’s critics and the President ’s identical but necessary and virtuous actions .
And his face --- that tiny , clammy face peering nervously out , as if trapped , from the center of a broad , doughy bowlful of head .
Not to mention the soft , plump little white hands held up as if to tamp down and placate the constant barrage of incredulous and outraged demands for a single straight answer .
He was a pathetic toady , a dim , bumbling stooge who could n’t handle the one simple job he ’d been given of stonewalling the press while the administration did whatever the fuck it wanted .
If he ’d been a front man for the Mafia instead of the White House they ’d ’ve put two bullets in the back of his head and dumped his body in Jersey .
Instead he undoubtably goes off to become a well - paid flak for some corporation , to ineptly deny less glamorous crimes .
We will not see his like again .
Last night , after I finished this cartoon , I went out to have a self - congratulatory cocktail and met someone who told me an extraordinary story .
( Since I am not a journalist but a cartoonist , I feel no obligation to attribute or confirm this story .
I ’m just telling you what somebody told me in a bar , which is one of the few places on Earth where the truth is ever uttered . )
The story concerns Karen Hughes , counsel to the President and one of that celibate harem of brittle , fawning women with whom George Bush creepily likes to surround himself .
Hughes invited the head of a well - known P.R. firm to Texas to advise her on the administration ’s P.R. problem .
For a long time they did n’t acknowledge that they even had one , she admitted , but now they do , and they need to know how to fix it .
The head of this firm warned Hughes that if she was really asking , he was going to tell her the truth , not what she wanted to hear .
She said that was exactly why she had come to him ; they ’d been hearing what they wanted to hear for too long .
Well , first of all , he told her , you do n’t have a P.R. problem ; you do n’t even have a P.R. department .
What you have is an attitude problem .
You ’re arrogant , and you do n’t listen .
Also , you should ’ve changed the White House staff in your second administration .
It would have been a perfectly acceptable time to fire a bunch of people and bring in new blood .
And the first person you should ’ve fired , he said , is Dick Cheney .
Hughes agreed with all of this .
She knew it ; everybody knew it .
But she was afraid to tell it to the President .
Everyone around him was afraid to tell him anything he did n’t want to hear .
She told an incredible story : George ’s own father , Former President George H.W. Bush , had called him around Thanksgiving to tell him that Dick Cheney was horrible , he should be fired immediately , and George Bush hung up on him .
The world ’s deadliest malaria parasite , Plasmodium falciparum , sneaks past the human immune system with the help of a wardrobe of invisibility cloaks .
If a person ’s immune cells learn to recognize one of the parasite ’s many camouflage proteins , the surviving invaders can swap disguises and slip away again to cause more damage .
Malaria kills an estimated 2.7 million people annually worldwide , 75 percent of them children in Africa .
Howard Hughes Medical Institute ( HHMI ) international research scholars in Australia have determined how P. falciparum can turn on one cloaking gene and keep dozens of others silent until each is needed in turn .
Their findings , published in the December 28 , 2005 , issue of Nature , reveal the mechanism of action of the genetic machinery thought to be the key to the parasite ’s survival .
A DNA sequence near the start of a cloaking gene , known as the gene ’s promoter , not only turns up production of its protein , but also keeps all other cloaking genes under wraps , according to Alan Cowman and Brendan Crabb , HHMI international research scholars at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne , Australia , and their co-authors .
“ The promoter is all you need for activation and silencing , ” Cowman said .
“ It ’s the main site of action where everything is happening . ”
Malaria parasites enter human blood from infected mosquitoes .
The organisms invade and promptly remodel red blood cells .
They decorate the surface of the cells they occupy with a protein called PfEMP1 , made by the var gene family .
Using this versatile surface protein , the parasite evades the host ’s immune system using two basic strategies .
First , the protein sticks infected red blood cells to the blood vessel lining , removing the infected cells from circulation , where they would probably be destroyed .
But the protein cannot protect the parasite from patrolling immune cells , which eventually detect the invader and recruit troops to fight it .
So , during a malaria infection , a small percentage of each generation of parasites switches to a different version of PfEMP1 that the body has never seen before .
In its new disguise , P. falciparum can invade more red blood cells and cause another wave of fever , headaches , nausea , and chills .
“ It ’s like a leopard being able to change its spots , ” Cowman said .
“ New forms come up , and the immune system beats them down again .
Because of this a lot of people think you need five years of constant exposure to malaria in its different disguises to gain immunity . ”
Many children do not survive malaria long enough to develop immunity .
And without continuous exposure , hard - won immunity may disappear .
For example , adults in Papua New Guinea who move to work in the mining industry , which is in mountainous regions that are mosquito - free , lose their immunity within a short time , he said .
The diverse genetic sequences of the 60 var cloaking genes all code for remarkably similar protein structures , the malaria researcher added .
The genes are generally found at the ends of P. falciparum ’s 14 chromosomes , although some of them cluster in internal regions .
In April 2005 , Cowman , Crabb , and colleagues showed that var genes are regulated by the chromosome packaging , which unwraps one gene to be expressed at a time and literally packs away the inactive genes .
In chromosomes , DNA can be encased so securely by some proteins that other proteins cannot access the nucleic acid for transcription , a process known as epigenetic silencing .
In their new paper , the researchers show that the activation of a var gene promoter is all it takes to trigger both the production that gene ’s protein and the epigenetic silencing of the 59 other var genes .
As in a previous study , they found that the physical location of the promoter within the nucleus seems to make a difference .
The genetic activity occurred at the edge of the nucleus , with the activated promoter surrounded by chromosome ends containing silenced var genes .
To do this research , the scientists had to master the difficult technique of cloning large DNA sequences with a var promoter attached to various genes , inserting them into plasmid vectors , and introducing them into red blood cells infected by malaria parasites .
In one experiment , they set up a system where var gene expression could be studied using drug selection rather than the immune pressure that is normally needed to select variants in the field .
Using this system they found that the information required for switching var genes on and off was contained within a promoter and that when active this could silence all of the var genes in the parasite .
“ This is the first time anyone has actually been able to infiltrate an antigenic variation program , ” Cowman said .
“ We forced the cell to switch our gene on and others off . ”
Their system can be used to study blood samples from people in the field to determine how they gain immunity over time .
Kirk Deitsch ’s lab at Cornell University found that a piece of shared DNA – discarded in the process of translating the protein from its genetic instructions –was a key regulator of var gene silencing and activation .
The HHMI researchers confirmed that this gene segment caused tighter packaging for the silenced genes , but they also showed that it was n’t vital .
The researchers are continuing to disassemble the var gene machinery , piece by piece .
They want to identify the proteins that unpack and activate the promoter region and learn more about the other proteins in the nuclear compartment that make it the prime spot for var gene activation .
Eventually , they think their work may lead to new types of therapies that interfere with the parasite ’s immune evasion strategies .
Source : Howard Hughes Medical Institute
Free shipping on $ 200 + : FSOVERRG
$ 20 off orders of $ 250 or more : ORDR20RG
$ 30 off orders of $ 400 or more : ORDR30RG
$ 50 off orders of $ 500 or more : ORDR50RG
, then use a code above when you complete your order .
Two interesting reports explain in detail why America simply cannot win wars against guerrilla terrorism .
A Washington Post report details the conflict between Special Forces and regular Army units in Iraq .
The Special Forces officers and sergeants speak some Arabic , know the culture , have patience over endless cups of tea , look at the long view , and succeeded in getting a major tribe with 300,000 members to take up arms and work with American forces .
The regular Army colonel wants to “ win ” the battles , do body counts , and primarily protect the lives of his men .
He is impatient with slow and incompetent tribal ways , and is losing the war .
His soldiers are isolated and afraid , hate being in Iraq , brutally arrest the tribesmen , despise the locals , kill and destroy indiscriminately , and create more enemies for America .
The report is well worth reading in detail to understand how hopeless the war is .
Of course an additional factor is the criminal incompetence of the initial occupation strategies , such as dismissing all government officials , police , and military from their jobs , and then bringing incompetents and “ kids ” ( even Heritage Foundation interns ) to staff the occupation .
But this simply reflects the larger issue  that the American system is incapable of intelligent postwar planning .
Look how we fought the Second World War to give half of Europe ( and Manchuria ) to communists , thereby making them into a greater threat than Hitler .
Now , we ’re losing our allies and making ourselves into the enemy of most of the Muslim world , nearly a quarter of the human race .
America simply does not have the will , resources , patience , care , or ability to “ run ” an empire or even an effective counterinsurgency .
War for Americans is like a football game : one “ wins ” and then goes home .
For many Americans , war means watching Oliver North on Fox TV and then cursing the foreigners for not doing what we tell them .
Few care that America has now become so hated in the world .
When real wars start , it means TV “ news ” repeatedly showing planes taking off aircraft carriers , missiles firing into space , and tanks charging through the desert dust .
Rarely ( for example , recently with Lebanon ) do Americans ever see the destruction and misery caused by war .
Indeed , it is very hard to find any Pentagon sources on Google that explain what our bombs actually do when they hit .
The second report is a Cato Institute study , “ The American Way of War : Cultural Barriers to Successful Counterinsurgency [ .pdf ] , ” by Jeffrey Record of the Air War College .
The paper criticizes our view of military victory as an end in itself .
It also argues , “ Simply put , the U.S. is not very good at defeating enemies who do not fight like we do , enemies who avoid our strengths while exploiting our weaknesses . ”
The professor recounts several characteristics of the “ American way of war ” as described by the respected British strategist Colin S. Gray , such as :
We are apolitical , with a long history of “ waging war for the goal of victory , paying scant regard to the consequences of the course of its operations for the character of the peace that will follow . ”
We are ahistorical , with little interest in the lessons of history , because we consider ourselves so unique and good .
We are optimistic , thinking that everything will work out well after we “ win . ”
We are culturally ignorant , with little interest or respect for other cultures .
We are dependent on technology for intelligence , lacking human resources .
Our propaganda about Saddam being a new Hitler obscured how he really ruled , through the tribal leaders .
If we had known that ( or cared ) , then the early occupation might have been more sensitive to such issues of control .
Instead , the Pentagon neoconservatives brought in Israeli “ advisers ” to show us their methods of occupation .
We are “ firepower focused . ”
I refer readers to the truly excellent and original thinking of William S. Lind , who explains that America still follows the Second Generation ideology of massive firepower and is woefully inept at Fourth Generation warfare against guerrillas ( Third Generation warfare involves the mass maneuvers associated with the era of Gen. Patton ) .
We are impatient , wanting quick “ victory ” ( like we see in the movies about the Second World War ) .
Indeed , nearly all military training is still about war with nation - states .
Pentagon spending is mainly designed for a war with China or Russia .
We are “ profoundly regular . “
According to Gray , “ U.S. armed forces have not been friendly either to irregular warfare or to those in its ranks who were would - be practitioners and advocates of what was regarded as the sideshow of insurgency . ”
We are sensitive to casualties .
In order to maintain support for war on the home front , we are overly destructive on the war front .
To minimize our own casualties , we use excessive firepower that destroys what we are trying to save , as well as killing many foreign civilians .
I would add another major point :
Our vast military budget is bloated with corporate welfare .
The hyper - expensive F - 22 is a good example , being built with subcontractors in 42 states to spread the jobs and money .
Most spending is a giant money pot to help members of Congress win reelection .
Other major points from Professor Record :
Counterinsurgency is “ inherently manpower intensive and rel[ies ] heavily on special skills  for example , human intelligence , civil affairs , police , public health , foreign language , foreign force training , psychological warfare  that are secondary , even marginal , to the prosecution of conventional warfare . ”
Pentagon procurement is still almost wholly weighted to big - ticket items irrelevant to the War on Terror ; the Pentagon prefers to do what it does well .
Record explains how counterinsurgency “ demands the utmost restraint and discrimination in the application of force .
In counterinsurgency warfare , firepower is the instrument of last rather than first resort . ”
Small - war expert Thomas X. Hammes has noted that war against unconventional enemies “ is the only kind of war America has ever lost .
As the only Goliath in the world , we should be worried that the world ’s Davids have found a sling and stone that work . ”
It is , needless to say , ironic that America won its independence from Britain using unconventional warfare .
Record goes on to say that “ great power intervention in small wars is almost always a matter of choice .
Most such wars do not engage core U.S. security interests other than placing the limits of American military power on embarrassing display . ”
Furthermore , “ Neither the Pentagon nor the U.S. government as a whole is properly organized or sufficiently motivated to meet the challenges of political reconstruction in foreign lands .
Notwithstanding the exceptional cases of post - World War II Germany and Japan , the United States has demonstrated  in Vietnam ,
Somalia , Haiti , the Balkans , and Afghanistan  that it lacks the will and skills required to effect the enduring rehabilitation of failed states . ”
A good example is the shortage of Arabic - speaking interpreters .
At a major conference I covered , several speakers explained that there was only one level of security clearance and that persons with even grandparents in the affected nations were rejected .
It was suggested that the CIA and military adopt several levels of security clearance so that the sons and daughters of Arab immigrants in America with linguistic skills could be hired .
The idea has not yet , to my knowledge , been adopted .
And our military has a desperate need for Arabic speakers .
The government is simply too cumbersome to change past policies .
Record concludes that “ abstention from small wars of choice would mandate a realistic foreign policy that placed the protection of concrete interests ahead of crusades to promote the overseas expansion of abstract American political values . ”
Another tremendous problem is that in Third World nations without the rule of law , everything is based upon trust and personal relations .
We constantly read of successful American officers being transferred or rotated out of their jobs , leaving the local Iraqis with whom they dealt out in the cold .
Could America staff and train a permanent overseas body of men and women to learn local cultures and languages and then stay for years in the same location , as England and Rome once did ?
Given American culture , it is impossible .
And even if we had them , they would still be at the mercy of partisan or ethnic interests in Washington .
Democracies are simply unable to effectively rule empires , and are defeated or destroyed when they try ( e.g. , Athens ) .
Two years ago , James Pinkerton wrote an amusing analysis in The American Conservative titled “ The Seven Habits of Highly Effective Imperialists . ”
Like Record ’s analysis , Pinkerton ’s piece confirms that America is incapable of organizing itself to successfully impose our will by force upon small foreign nations , much less the world .
When we first spotted this new cam from Seitz , our jaws hit the floor and rebounded a few times .
No , it 's not the highest megapixel count we 've seen , but this megalith of a camera shoots at 160 megapixels to create a native 6 x 17 - cm image , is packed with an ISO range from 500 to 10,000 , a read - out speed of 300 MB per second , and a shutter speed of 1/20,000th second .
So the next question is , how are you going to store such huge image files ( nearly 1 GB per uncompressed full panorama ) , certainly not on your off - the - shelf 16GB SDHC card , nor the upcoming 64GB CompactFlash cards -- but rather via gigabit Ethernet to Seitz 's " state - of - the - art computer system " , which translates to a decked out Mac mini .
So what will this much imaging power cost you ?
45,500 Swiss francs ( $ 36,266 ) for the " mobile version " and 42,300 Swiss francs ( $ 33,715 ) for the " studio version " , and we 're assuming that the Mac mini is included for that price .
However , given that this camera is n't quite what you 'd front for a down payment on a Swiss châlet , the 6x17 Digital surely must be affordable to average working - class Zürich banker set , no ?
You can catch a glimpse of this bad boy at the upcoming Photokina expo in Germany , or can throw down some serious Swiss coinage now to pre-order this gargantuan cam , which wo n't become available until early 2007 .
Also , be sure to click through for two more glamour shots .
[ Thanks , Amanda H. ]
Every day I come across and courses which promise to teach people how to make thousands of dollars a day with AdSense by following a few easy steps – so I thought it was time for one that shows you how to guarantee to keep your blog from making money with AdSense .
Here ’s my top 10 tips for a guaranteed earning of 0.14 cents or less per month from your blog :
1. Position Ads Out of Sight – Ensure that you put any ad units that you put on your blog below the fold where they ’ll be sure not to annoy your readers .
If you do choose to put your ads above the fold ( why you would I ’ll never know ) make sure they are placed in the white zones in the diagram to the right .
Obviously the bottom of the page is best but the top right corner and right hand skyscraper positions can also work against you very well .
Do your best to keep the ads away from the areas that people ’s eyes will be drawn to ( ie away from content , pictures etc ) .
This helps keep the money from rolling in quite well .
2 . Only post to your blog once every few weeks – Lull your readers into a hypnotic trance decrease the chances of them ever visiting your blog .
3. Unclear Post Topics –
If and when you do choose to post make sure that your posts have as little focus as possible in terms of topic .
Write about multiple topics in every post in an attempt to confuse the AdSense bots .
Never blog about anything with a commercial aspect to it and attempt to keep your posts as uninteresting , unoriginal and as useless to readers as you possibly can .
4. Poor Post Titles – Never use the keywords that relate to your post in your post ’s title .
In order to get lower paying ( and irrelevant ) ads use the word ‘ blog ’ as much as possible both in your titles and posts .
Also try to find topics to write about that AdSense has no ads in their inventory for .
Do this by simply adding keywords into Google.com until no ads come up next to the search results .
5 . Never set your ads to show Alternative Ads –
If you do your readers will see ads that might make you money when Google can’t find any of their own to show ( something that ideally you will have if you get # 4 above right ) .
A much better strategy is to just allow the PSA ( public service ads ) to appear which will guarantee you earn nothing at all .
6. Click your own AdSense ads –
This might make your AdSense total go up for a little while but the chances are that you ’ll never see the money because you ’ll be banned from the system .
You might even go into negative earnings if Google decides to get their lawyers onto you !
7. Break Other Rules –
If clicking on your own ads does n’t get you banned fast enough try breaking some of the other AdSense terms and conditions like blatantly encouraging your readers to click your ads , using obscene language , writing constantly about violent and adult topics , labeling your ads with things like ‘ free prizes if you click here ’ or by putting flashing arrows pointing at the ads etc .
Another good one is to add YPN ads to the same pages that AdSense ads are on .
This has the double bonus of possibly getting you banned from both programs in one hit !
If AdSense do contact you to make a change to some rule you ’ve broken it ’s best to ignore these emails , or if you decide to write back be as argumentative and uncooperative as possible .
8 . Make your ads stand out – Set your AdSense ad design to completely clash with the rest of your blog ’s design .
Blending your ads is for sissies – be bold !
In essense what you ’re aiming for is to make your ads look as much out of place and as ad - like as possible .
Here ’s a few of my personal favorites ( keep in mind I ’m not a very good designer – I ’m sure you could do worse if you put your mind to it ) :
9 . Never track your AdSense ads performance – Definitely do not use channels to monitor how your different ads perform .
This way you ’ll ensure that if you do happen to fluke some well performing ads – you ’ll never know which ones they were and will never be able to reproduce the results elsewhere .
10 . Lower your Traffic – Ultimate the probably one of the best ways to ensure you never make much money from AdSense is to work hard at maintaining as little traffic as possible to your blog .
You can do this in many ways including :
Ignoring any readers that do happen upon your blog
Practicing black hat SEO principles to make sure you get banned from Google and other Search Engines
Writing the worst content possible
Stealing other people ’s content ( and other unethical practices )
Post as infrequently as possible ( I know I ’ve said this already – but it ’s worth repeating )
Never promote your blog in any online or offline forums
If you do have an occasional surge in traffic you can always remove the ads from the page that is getting the most traffic .
Some bloggers do this well by only showing ads on certain pages ( like their front page ) and not showing them on other pages that get traffic .
Bonus Chitika Tip –
If you want to branch out from AdSense and not earn much from other ad programs you might like to join up with Chitika and try many of the above strategies also .
Another good one with Chitika is to use the default settings and keywords .
If you really want to push it with Chitika you should target keywords that are as irrelevant to the topic of your blog as possible .
In fact you can use this strategy with many money making strategies for your blog – especially affiliate programs .
The more irrelevant they are to your blog ’s topic the less chance they will convert !
Operating commercial buildings consumes a sixth of all the energy used in the Western world .
Getting rid of air conditioning could cut that consumption by as much as a third -- but people do n't like to work in sweltering heat .
So MIT researchers are making computer - based tools to help architects design commercial buildings that cool occupants with natural breezes .
Buildings can be designed to encourage airflow and maintain temperatures that minimize or eliminate the need for conventional air - conditioning systems .
" That approach improves air quality , ensures good ventilation and saves both energy and money , " said Professor Leon R. Glicksman , director of MIT 's Building Technology Program .
Indeed , studies have shown that people generally feel more comfortable in a naturally ventilated building than in an air - conditioned one .
Yet few commercial buildings now use natural ventilation .
" The approach is new , and architects worry it wo n't work in the buildings they 're designing , " said Glicksman , who has appointments in the Department of Architecture and the Department of Mechanical Engineering .
He and his collaborators at MIT and Cambridge University in England are developing new computer tools and scale - model experiments that should help to alleviate those worries .
Their studies focus on an office building in Luton , England , that was designed to use natural ventilation .
The building features multiple floors opening onto a large central atrium , operable windows on each floor and five large vents at the top of the atrium with fans for added ventilation .
For six months , the research teams monitored temperatures and other conditions throughout the building .
For the most part , the building behaved as expected : Fresh air came in through the windows , entered the atrium , rose and exited through the ceiling vents .
But on some floors , measurements near the atrium showed air moving toward the windows -- the wrong way to bring in fresh air .
So the researchers brought other tools to bear .
They did carefully controlled experiments using a one - twelfth - size replica of the Luton building , equipped with heating elements to represent people , computers and so on .
And they created computer simulations that -- based on incoming winds , indoor heat sources and other factors -- can calculate airflow between rooms , the atrium and outside as well as conditions within single rooms .
Their findings explained the unexpected measurements in the full - scale building .
Because of temperature differences and buoyancy effects , cooler air can at times slip over the low safety barriers surrounding the atrium and enter an office .
There the air moves along the floor toward the window , then quickly rises and heads back out toward the atrium along the ceiling -- a local reverse eddy .
" We found what we initially thought were some strange results when we did the full - scale - building tests , " said Glicksman .
" But using the computer model , we now understand the physics of it , first of all confirming that it 's a real effect and second , why it occurred . "
Such effects can be corrected by building in automatic control systems that , for example , turn on the vent fans when needed to ensure the continuous flow of fresh air .
Based on these findings , the MIT team is formulating a simple , user - friendly computer tool that will help architects design for natural ventilation .
They plan to incorporate the tool into their " Design Advisor , " a web site ( designadvisor.mit.edu ) that lets architects and planners see how building orientation , window technology , and other design choices will affect energy use and occupant comfort .
Natural ventilation does , of course , have its limits .
For example , during hot summers in Hong Kong or even Boston , conventional air conditioning would still be needed .
But just using natural ventilation during spring and fall in Boston , for example , could save at least half the energy now used for year - round air conditioning , the researchers estimate .
Glicksman hopes that the new tool and better understanding will help overcome the biggest challenge to natural ventilation -- convincing architects and building operators that it will work and showing them how well it will work for proposed new designs .
This research was supported by the Cambridge - MIT Institute with funding from BP and the Permasteelisa Group .
A version of this article first appeared as a research spotlight on the Energy Research Council website .
This is the first of a three - part essay on modern character string processing for computer programmers .
Here I explain and illustrate the methods for storing Unicode characters in byte sequences in computers , and discuss their advantages and disadvantages .
These methods have well - known names like UTF - 8 and UTF - 16 .
The next essay will consider string handling in the Java , and to a lesser extent C# , computer languages and argue that it is significantly broken , both in terms of efficiency and correctness .
The third essay will propose a new approach to string handling in Java .
I 've previously discussed Unicode , and recommended it enthusiastically as something that any modern programmer needs to be at least somewhat on top of .
Let 's assume that when you 're processing text , the characters you 're going to be processing are Unicode characters .
How do you store them in memory ?
This turns out to be more complicated than you 'd think , and can really matter to the programmer .
Before Unicode ·
In the early decades of our profession , much computing was centered in North American and done in English .
You stored your text in ASCII or EBCDIC characters , which were stored one - per - byte in memory , ASCII using 7 and EBCDIC 8 bits of each byte .
In other parts of the world , they invented their own systems for storing their own characters .
In Japan , these are various flavors of the “ JIS ” encoding , “ KOI8 ” for Russian , various “ ISCII ” standards for the languages of India , and so on .
I am told that at one time , there were more than twelve different systems in use for Chinese text in Taiwan alone .
For the huge number of people in America , Europe , and the Middle East who use relatively small alphabets , there was ISO - 8859 , parts 1 through 10 , which left ASCII as ASCII and used the range 128 through 255 for accented characters ( parts 1 through 4 ) , Cyrillic ( part 5 ) , Arabic ( 6 ) , Greek ( 7 ) , Hebrew ( 8 ) , and then more accented characters for Turkish and Nordic lanuages in parts 9 and 10 .
Of course , you could only be using one part at a time , so you could n't easily have Greek and Polish in the same sentence .
Finally , there were the proprietary encodings dreamed up by operating system makers such as Apple , and Microsoft with its “ code pages . ”
Clearly , this was an unsatisfactory situation .
A partial solution was provided by ISO 2022 , which allowed you to combine many different encodings , with “ shift sequences ” that allowed you to shift from one encoding to another in the middle of a string .
Until recently , when I got email with mangled headers from Asia , I 'd often see the letters “ ISO2022 ” in among the junk .
ISO2022 was difficult and irritating for programmers and few will miss it .
It 's important to note that pretty well all the characters from ASCII and EBCDIC and JIS and KOI8 and ISCII and Taiwan and ISO 8859 made it into Unicode .
So at one level , it 's reasonable to think of all these things as encodings of Unicode , if only of parts of Unicode .
XML blesses this approach , and allows you to encode XML text in any old encoding at all , but does n't provide a guarantee that software will be able to read anything but the standard Unicode UTF encodings , which we 'll discuss below .
The Characters in Unicode ·
As discussed in the previous article , Unicode characters are identified by number or “ code point ” , usually given in hexadecimal , so for example the Hebrew letter “ he ” is 5D4 , usually written U+05D4 .
Unicode currently defines just under 100,000 characters , but has space for 1,114,112 code points .
They are organized into 17 “ planes ” of 216 ( 65,536 ) characters , numbered 0 through 16 .
Plane 0 is called the “ Basic Multilingual Plane ” or BMP and contains pretty well everything useful .
In particular , it contains every character that had ever been available to a computer programmer before Unicode came along .
The characters in the BMP are dealt out more or less West to East , with the ASCII characters having their familiar ASCII values from 0 to 127 , the ISO - Latin - 1 characters retaining their values from 128 to 255 , and then ( ignoring special characters and math and so on ) moving East in Europe ( Greek , Cyrillic ) , on to the Middle East ( Arabic , Hebrew ) , across the Indus ( the scripts of India ) , through Southeast Asia ( Thai , Laotian and so on ) and ending up with the vast character sets from China , Japan , and Korea .
Past the BMP , planes 1 through 16 are sometimes humorously called the “ astral planes ” and are used for exotic , rare , and historically important characters .
A quick glance at the code charts shows a few examples : “ Old Italic , ” “ Deseret , ” and ” Byzantine Musical Symbols . ”
The Sixteen - Bit Illusion ·
In the early days of the Unicode consortium , there was some thought that Unicode would be a sixteen - bit design , and the notion of a “ 16 - bit Unicode character ” is still often encountered .
While this is notion is fundamentally wrong ( because of the extra material in the “ astral planes ” ) it 's hard to stamp out because it 's almost right .
I 've never had the need to deal with a character outside of the BMP , and such beasts are likely to remain rare at least in the near term .
I think , though , that hardwiring in sixteen - bit assumptions is silly and dangerous ; the history of computing contains many examples of these kinds of assumption , which turned out to be wrong .
Many people assumed that 16 bits of address space is all you 'd ever need , then repeated the error with 32 bits .
And let 's not forget the notion that you could store a year in two digits , because the software would never still be running when the year 2000 came around .
UTF · Along with the characters , Unicode also defines methods for storing them in byte sequences in a computer .
One of the nice things about the recent 4.0 release of Unicode ( I 'd enclose a pointer , but it 's only up at the Unicode site in draft form as of this writing , and might well be moving around ) is that they 've brought the descriptions of these techniques together in one place and organized them much better than before .
This would be Chapter 3 of the standard , in particular the part starting at section 3.8 .
There are three approaches , named UTF - 8 , UTF - 16 , and UTF - 32 .
“ UTF ” may be explained as standing for Unicode Transformation Format , or UCS Transformation format where “ UCS ” stands for Unicode Character Set .
I 'm going to use the four characters illustrated above as examples .
They are :
U+0026 AMPERSAND ( decimal 38 )
U+0416 CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER ZHE ( decimal 1,046 )
U+4E2D HAN IDEOGRAPH 4E2D ( decimal 20,013 )
U+10346 GOTHIC LETTER FAIHU ( decimal 66,374 )
Since the BMP has codepoints 0 through 65,535 ( 0 through FFFF hex ) , you can see that U+10346 is one of the astral - plane characters .
UTF - 32 · This is about the simplest imaginable way of storing characters .
As the name suggests , you use 32 bits or four bytes for each character .
So each of the example characters would be stored as a 4 - byte number with values 38 , 1046 , 20013 , and 66374 respectively .
This corresponds to the way most modern C compilers store characters when they are declared as wchar_t ( for example , on the Macintosh that I 'm using now ) .
On the other hand , if you 're an English - speaker like me and most of your characters are ASCII , you 're using 32 bits to store characters that could fit just fine into 8 , which seems extremely wasteful .
Also , the old fashioned C - language routines like strcpy , strcmp , and so on wo n't work with this because they go a byte at a time and there are lots of bytes filled with zeros .
Of course , there are equivalent routines that work with wchar_t rather than char arrays , but that 's quite possibly not what you 're using now .
It 's probably quite OK to use wchar_t characters in your programs if you can afford the memory overhead , but it may be unacceptably wasteful to use UTF - 32 to store them on disk or transmit them over the wire .
The Problem of Byte Order · Saying that a character is stored in a four - byte integer does n't quite solve the problem , because there are lots of ways to deal out 32 bits among four bytes ; programmers may recall learning about “ big- endian ” and “ little - endian ” integers back in college .
So if you send one of these four - byte quantities between two computers that have different ideas on how to deal out bytes , you can expect breakage .
Fortunately , Unicode also has a solution to this problem : the wonderful magic character “ U+FEFF ZERO WIDTH NO - BREAK SPACE ” , essentially a no - op .
The trick here ( one which XML uses , by the way ) is to lead off your message with one of these things .
If you have your byte order backward , it 'll show up as U+FFFE instead instead of U+FEFF .
And Unicode cleverly guarantees that U+FFFE will never be a character , so this is easily detectible .
The character , when used this way , is typically called a “ Byte Order Mark . ”
There 's another approach , too .
Unicode , along with UTF - 32 , also defines UTF - 32BE and UTF - 32LE ( for Big End and Little End ) which have a guaranteed byte ordering .
UTF - 16 · UTF - 16 stores Unicode characters in sixteen - bit chunks .
All the characters in the BMP appear as themselves , but clearly some trickery is going to be involved if you want to store astral - plane characters , because they just do n't fit in sixteen bits .
To handle this , Unicode has a trick called the “ Surrogate ” blocks .
There are two blocks of codepoints in the BMP , each 1,024 characters in size , the “ high ” surrogates starting at U+D800 and the “ low ” surrogates at U+DC00 .
These will never be used for ordinary characters .
You split astral - plane characters in two , using one of the low surrogates for the low ten bits , and the high surrogates for the high ten bits .
So U+10346 becomes encoded as two sixteen - bit quantities with values D800 and DF46 .
This gives you 220 characters , which just exactly fits the sixteen astral planes of 216 characters each .
I 'm skipping some detail here ( you have to subtract hex 10000 from the code - point before splitting into surrogates ) but it 's conceptually easy and quite straightforward for programmers to implement .
Also , when you look at a sixteen - bit quantity , you can tell right away whether it's an ordinary BMP character or half of an astral - plane character , and if so , which half .
Our first three example characters would be encoded naturally in sixteen bits , and the Gothic one in thirty - two bits via surrogates , as illustrated .
At one level , UTF - 16 hits an 80 - 20 point .
At another , it 's kind of kludgy and ugly , and is often summarized as “ characters in Unicode are sixteen bits , except when they 're not . ”
UTF - 16 potentially has a byte - ordering problem just like UTF - 32 , but the Byte Order Mark is there to help deal with that , and as you might expect , so are UTF - 16BE and UTF - 16LE .
UTF - 16 is probably what most people thought most programmers would use for Unicode ; this is reflected in the fact that the native character type in both Java and C# is a sixteen - bit quantity .
Of course , it does n't really represent a Unicode character , exactly ( although it does most times ) , it represents a UTF - 16 codepoint .
UTF - 16 is about the most efficient way possible of representing Asian character strings , each character nestling snugly into two bytes of storage .
For ASCII characters , of course , you end up using two bytes to represent what would actually fit into one .
Also , UTF - 16 is really irritating to deal with in C , since it's not the same size as wchar_t on most installations , but you still can't use strcpy and friends since lots of the bytes are zero .
UTF - 8 · UTF - 8 is a trick originally devised at Bell Labs as part of the “ Plan 9 ” attempt to build the successor to Unix .
It works like this : Characters whose value is less than 128 ( i.e. ASCII ) are encoded as themselves in one byte ; the high - order bit will always be zero .
( Which means that a pure ASCII text is actually UTF - 8 as it sits . )
The rest have their bits ripped apart and dealt out into several ( from two to four ) bytes as follows :
The first byte has a bunch of high - order one bits telling you how many bytes are used to encode the character , followed by a zero bit .
The rest of the bytes each begin with a single one bit followed by a zero bit .
The bits of the character are dealt out in the space left over after these signaling bits .
Suppose a character is encoded in two bytes .
Then the first byte has two one bits and a zero bit , leaving five bits of payload .
The second has a one , a zero , and six bits of payload .
Thus there are eleven bits of payload , and the biggest character that can squeeze into two bytes in UTF - 8 is U+07 FF , which is 11 ones .
In a three - byte encoding , the first byte has 4 signaling bits , so four bits of payload , and the remaining two each have six bits , so you get sixteen bits of payload .
This means that anything in the BMP fits into three bytes of UTF - 8 .
Let 's look at our examples :
U+0026 , the ampersand , appears in one byte as itself .
U+0416 , Cyrillic zhe , is two bytes ( in hex ) : D0 , 96 ( do the bit - twiddling , you 'll see ) .
U+4E2D , the Chinese character , is three bytes : E4 , B8 , AD .
U+10346 , from the astral plane , becomes four : F0 , 90 , 8D , 86 .
Is UTF - 8 a Racist Kludge or a Stroke of Genius ?
·
You may be forgiven for rolling your eyes at the details of UTF - 8 .
I certainly did , the first time I ran across it .
But actually , it turns out to have a lot of advantages , and only one really important disadvantage .
Let 's address the problem first : UTF - 8 is kind of racist .
It allows us round - eye paleface anglophone types to tuck our characters neatly into one byte , lets most people whose languages are headquartered west of the Indus river get away with two bytes per , and penalizes India and points east by requiring them to use three bytes per character .
This is a serious problem , but it 's not a technical problem .
All that bit - twiddling turns out to be easy to implement in very efficient code ; I 've done it a few times , basically reading the rules and composing all the shifts and masks and so on , and gotten it pretty well right first time , each time .
In fact , processing UTF - 8 characters sequentially is about as efficient , for practical purposes , as any other encoding .
There is one exception : you can't easily index into a buffer .
If you need the 27th character , you 're going to have to run through the previous twenty - six characters to figure out where it starts .
Of course , UTF - 16 has this problem too , unless you 're willing to bet your future on never having to use astral - plane characters and pretend that Unicode characters are 16 bits , which they are ( except when they 're not ) .
This may sound like a big deal , but in practice it does n't seem to be .
I 've been writing mostly text - processing code for a living for decades , and the number of times when I need to index into a buffer that 's big enough that I can't afford to count characters is really small .
And there are intermediate measures such as building an array of the position of each character , or each tenth character , or some such .
UTF - 8 also has the advantage that null - termination , and all the old routines like strcpy , strncpy and their friends , which in practice are insanely efficient in terms of space and time , work just fine .
Finally , UTF - 8 also has the advantage that the unit of encoding is the byte , so there are no byte - ordering issues .
This can cause a minor problem when you convert from UTF - 16 or - 32 and there 's a now - useless Byte Order Mark at the front of the text , but this , as I said , is not major .
By the way , the text you are reading right now is UTF - 8 , as is all text from ongoing .
If it 's not already obvious , I like UTF - 8 a lot , and think it 's the best approach for quite a few programming situations .
There 's that space penalty for East Asian texts , but in these days of 100 MB / minute video files , it 's quite possible the 50 % overhead for text will vanish in the static .
The Almost - ASCII Gotcha ·
One common problem that people ( particularly in North America ) get into is to look at their text , see a bunch of ASCII characters , and think “ Oh , I can just pretend this is UTF - 8 . ”
This sometimes works , but unfortunately there 's not that much pure ASCII left in the world .
If there 's even one é or smart quotation mark ( “ instead of " ) in your text , it 's probably encoded in ISO - 8859 or some Microsoft code page , and will seriously confuse software that thinks it 's reading UTF - 8 , including most XML software .
Conclusions ·
There are Unicode and non-Unicode ways of storing your Unicode characters .
In general , you 're better off using the Unicode ways , because they 're designed to not break no matter what kind of characters you throw at them , and there 's better support from XML processors .
None of the three UTF approaches ( - 32 , - 16 , - 8 ) are really better than any of the others .
UTF - 8 works better with traditional C programming practice , while Java and C# share a sort - of - UTF - 16 culture .
I think there are real problems with the Java / C# approach , which I 'll discuss next time , but for everyday work that does n't have huge text - processing requirements , they get the job done well enough .
The good news is that all of these are well - specified in one place in the Unicode documentation , and if you have to write code to deal with them , it 's just not that hard .
University of Texas at Dallas nanotechnologists have made alcohol - and hydrogen - powered artificial muscles that are 100 times stronger than natural muscles , able to do 100 times greater work per cycle and produce , at reduced strengths , larger contractions than natural muscles .
Among other possibilities , these muscles could enable fuel - powered artificial limbs , “ smart skins ” and morphing structures for air and marine vehicles , autonomous robots having very long mission capabilities and smart sensors that detect and self - actuate to change the environment .
While humans on long , strenuous missions are able to carry the food that powers their bodies , today ’s most athletically capable robots cannot freely move about , since they are wired to stationary electrical power sources .
Though batteries can be used for autonomous robots , they store too little energy and deliver it at too low a rate for prolonged or intense activity .
To solve these problems , the team from UTD ’s NanoTech Institute developed two different types of artificial muscles that , like natural muscles , convert the chemical energy of an energetic fuel to mechanical energy .
The breakthroughs are described in the March 17 issue of the prestigious journal Science .
The development of these revolutionary muscles was motivated by a visit of Dr. John Main from the Defense Advanced Projects Agency ( DARPA ) to Dr. Ray H. Baughman , Robert A. Welch Professor of Chemistry and director of the UTD NanoTech Institute .
During the visit , Main described his visions of a future that could include such advancements as artificial muscles for autonomous humanoid robots that protect people from danger , artificial limbs that act like natural limbs and exoskeletons that provide super - human strength to firefighters , astronauts and soldiers — all of which are able to perform lengthy missions by using shots of alcohol as a highly energetic fuel .
The new muscles simultaneously function as fuel cells and muscles , according to Baughman , corresponding author of the Science article .
A catalyst - containing carbon nanotube electrode is used in one described muscle type as a fuel cell electrode to convert chemical energy to electrical energy , as a supercapacitor electrode to store this electrical energy and as a muscle electrode to transform this electrical energy to mechanical energy .
Fuel - powered charge injection in a carbon nanotube electrode produces the dimensional changes needed for actuation due to a combination of quantum mechanical and electrostatic effects present on the nanoscale , Baughman said .
In another of the described artificial muscles — currently the most powerful type — the chemical energy in the fuel is converted to heat by a catalytic reaction of a mixture of fuel and oxygen in the air .
The resulting temperature increase in this “ shorted fuel - cell muscle ” causes contraction of a shape memory metal muscle wire that supports this catalyst .
Subsequent cooling completes the work cycle by causing expansion of the muscle .
“ The shorted fuel cell muscles are especially easy to deploy in robotic devices , since they comprise commercially available shape memory wires that are coated with a nanoparticle catalyst .
The major challenges have been in attaching the catalyst to the shape memory wire to provide long muscle lifetimes , and in controlling muscle actuation rate and stroke , ” said Baughman .
“ Students and scientists of all ages will be working on optimizing and deploying our artificial muscles , from high school students in our NanoExplorer program to retired technologists in our NanoInventor program . ”
Application opportunities , Baughman said , are diverse , and range from robots and morphing air vehicles to dynamic Braille displays and muscles powered by the fuel / air mixture delivered to an engine that are able to regulate this mixture .
The more than 30 times higher energy density obtainable for fuels like methanol , compared to that for the most advanced batteries , can translate into long operational lifetimes without refueling for autonomous robots .
This refueling requires negligible time compared with that needed for recharging batteries .
Since all muscles will not be used at the same time , temporarily inactive muscles of the first muscle type can be used as ordinary fuel cells and as supercapacitors to provide for the electrical needs of , for example , autonomous robots and prosthetic limbs .
The properties of the two types of fuel - powered muscles can be merged to provide the benefits of both , Baughman said .
The fuel - powered muscles can be easily downsized to the micro- and nano - scales , and arrays of such micro-muscles could be used in “ smart skins ” that improve the performance of marine and aerospace vehicles .
By replacing metal catalyst with tethered enzymes , it might eventually be possible to use artificial muscles powered by food - derived fuels for actuation in the human body – perhaps even for artificial hearts .
Source : University of Texas at Dallas
I wrote From Java to Ruby : Things Every Manager should Know not for programmers , but for technical decision makers .
Ruby advocates have done an excellent job of helping new developers understand the intricacies of Ruby and the flagship Rails frameworks , but less information is available for managers and executives deciding between technologies .
In the last article of this series , I discussed strategies for establishing a pilot project in a Java shop .
In this article , I 'll examine the changing risk profiles for Java and Ruby .
In the mainstream , " Ruby is risky " is a common perception , and for good reason .
New languages are inherently risky .
As Ruby on Rails moves closer to the mainstream , that risk will decrease , because you 'll have access to a growing set of programmers , components ( called gems or plug- ins ) , books , and business partners .
You 'll also see the mainstream opinion that " Java is safe " .
On this point , I strongly disagree .
As any language bloats , the risk will often increase .
To understand what 's happening on this front today , it pays to examine Java 's initial adoption .
Technology adoption profiles
Many analysts have described models for technology adoption .
One of the most popular was defined in Iowa to describe the adoption of agricultural products , and was later described in the context of technology in a book called Crossing the Chasm by Geoffrey A. Moore .
In it , Moore describes the technology adoption cycle in five distinct groups :
Technologists .
This group is predisposed to adopt new technologies .
Any promising technology can attract this group .
Early adopters .
This group will adopt new technologies for competitive advantage , regardless of whether they are successful in the mainstream .
Pragmatists .
This group will adopt technologies once they become mainstream , or have a steep enough growth curve to effectively assure widespread adoption .
Conservatives .
This group will adopt technologies only after it becomes necessary .
Skeptics .
This group may adopt very late , or may never adopt a given technology .
Related Sponsored Content 3 Common Pitfalls in Microservice Integration – And How to Avoid Them
Moore argues that the key to technology adoption is getting pragmatists on board .
Since pragmatists require mass adoption , this middling group wants to see other pragmatists use a technology before that group is willing to make a commitment .
It 's a catch - 22 .
You can't get pragmatists without other pragmatists .
For that reason , you 'll often see a downward trend in a market acceptance curve after the early adopters are on board , but before the pragmatists .
Moore called this downward trend the chasm , and this notion should be at the center of a risk discussion surrounding any new technology .
Moore 's solution was to focus on crossing the chasm in stages .
Normally , you can't cross the chasm with one big leap .
You need to niche - market .
Java did so by attacking the Internet clients first with Applets , and then moving into server - side computing , mobile , and other niches such as mobile computing and enterprise architectures .
In Beyond Java , I argue that the chasm for programming languages is especially severe .
Most of us recognize that an investment in Lisp may lead to productivity gains , but also will make it more difficult to find programmers , education , libraries , and components .
We 'll also have to spend more than we'd like to do any significant integration .
For this reason , the mass market will adopt a major new programming language only every ten years or so .
You can easily see this trend in server - side programming languages .
COBOL and Fortran emerged in 1954 and 1961 , C in the early 1970 ) , C++ in the mid 1980s , and Java in 1996 .
I 'd throw C# into the mix as effectively a Java clone , though there 's room for some argument .
Many other languages emerged over this time , but none received the dominant adoption of those above .
Risk is the overriding reason that so many resist new programming language adoption .
Java 's risk profile
Java once had to overcome high risk .
At the time , most server - side programming was in the C++ programming language .
C++ was effectively a systems language , adapted to applications development .
The C family succeeded in that space because client - server development -- and user - interface development -- demanded a combination of performance and flexibility that was not available in many languages of the time .
To overcome the risk of adopting a new language , Java needed three conditions to be true :
C++ developers had to experience a high level of pain .
Pointer arithmetic ( combined with the lack of compile - time safety ) led to difficult family of bugs .
Memory management made leaks commonplace .
C++ was simply too difficult for many applications developers .
These problems increased the risk profile for C ++.
Java needed to solve some problems that C++ could not .
The Java language provided simplicity , portability , and libraries that C++ could n't touch .
These factors reduced the overall risk profile for Java , keeping teams smaller and radically improving productivity .
Java needed a catalyst .
With the exploding Internet , applets embedded into NetScape provided a compelling reason for C developers to take a look at Java .
The C++ like syntax simplified the transition .
Java was able to quickly grab a massive community , and a Microsoft backlash escalated the transition .
Java 's explosion was bigger than anything we 'd ever seen since , and was much larger than anything we 're likely to see in my lifetime , but the blueprint is clear .
To establish a new language , the old language needs to be painful , the new language needs to overcome that pain in a compelling way , and finally rapidly accumulate a community through some catalyst .
Java got a foothold quickly as an Internet applications language on the client side .
Though the toehold with applets was tenuous , Java quickly moved onto the server side because it offered features that application developers found useful , including :
Memory management
A cleaner inheritance model
Better features for object orientation
Portability
Internet libraries
Security
... and many others .
In my opinion , Java is the most successful programming language of all time .
Over time , through growth , Java became less risky , and eventually dominated the market for server - side Internet programming .
Commercial investment , the pool of programmers , available education , open source frameworks , and many kinds of published information all drive risks down .
The reason is intuitive and clear .
Risk associated with a programming language decreases dramatically with marketshare once the language crosses the chasm .
Java has had an amazingly successful run .
But programming languages do not remain the state of the art indefinitely .
All successful languages bloat , because they must adopt to the changing needs of their users .
Successful programming languages cannot move as quickly as others because they must maintain a certain level of backward compatibility to satisfy a growing user base .
As the technology lags and the language bloats , a different kind of risk profile emerges .
For the new risk profile , risks related to marketshare decrease as risks based on the programmer 's ability to effectively get work done increase .
So far , I 've focused on the marketplace risks of an emerging technology .
As Java reaches its 10th year , another kind of risk assessment becomes necessary .
Many influential books , such as The Mythical Man Month , Death March , and Peopleware preach about a different kind of risk :
Poor productivity leads to larger teams and longer schedules
Risk increases with project length
Risk increases with the size of a team
Quality risks , measured in the numbers of bugs , increase with the size of a code base
Risk increases with cost
Integration costs increase with complexity
As a programming language -- or even a programming paradigm -- ages , the language will often slip in terms of productivity , and expressiveness , relative to the state of the art .
Project teams will need to increase in size , and programmers will need to write more lines of code to solve the same problem .
Both of these factors inherently increase risk .
All of these factors lead to an inevitable conclusion .
Toward the end of market dominance , productivity risks associated with a language will increase relative to the state of the art .
Whether and how this happens within the Java language is the subject of intense debate .
Certainly , Java remains the best language for solving a whole host of enterprise problems , such as very large projects , or those with certain demands such as two - phased commit or hardcore object - relational mapping .
Java 's commercial investment has never been stronger , and the community is at an all - time high .
But cracks in the foundation may be beginning to appear .
Java 's Enterprise JavaBeans framework , WS * style web services , and JEE have come under increasing criticism for complexity and sagging productivity .
James Duncan Davidson , one of the fathers of the servlet , says Java is no longer as approachable as it once was .
It 's harder to educate a typical Java developer to solve the most common programming problems : database - backed web applications .
Circumstantial evidence is emerging that shows frameworks on other languages , most notably Ruby on Rails , are several times as productive for solving niche problems .
High - profile Java developers -- James Duncan Davidson , Mike Clark , Justin Gehtland , Stuart Halloway , and many others -- have reported very high productivity after using Rails in that important niche : greenfield database - backed web applications .
Certainly , my private experience is that I can build , deploy and maintain such applications with far less effort using Ruby on Rails .
These reports will be broadly debated , just as the early reports of Java 's productivity were .
Remember , Java emerged first in a variety of niches before it expanded more broadly .
Programmer productivity was one of the most important criteria driving Java 's early growth .
Keep in mind Moore 's theory for the emergence of technologies .
You 'll best cross the chasm not with one giant leap , but one niche at a time .
I strongly believe that complexity and sagging productivity are driving Java 's risks up now .
Inherent Ruby risks
Ruby is no different than any other emerging programming language .
Lack of commercial investment , a limited pool of developers , and lack of experience all will add risk to an emerging language .
Here are the biggest risks I 've encountered .
Lack of talent .
It 's harder to find existing Ruby developers .
As it did with Java , that fact will change quickly , but right now , if you need to build large teams in a short time , you 're better off with an established market leader such as Java .
Lack of experience .
Some LAMP languages have established track records .
Google uses Python ; many major .
COMs use Perl or C .
There 's not yet a flagship account for Ruby that shows massive scalability , or complex enterprise integration .
We just do n't know if it can solve a certain class of problems .
Deployment and profiling strategies .
Ruby on Rails has been out for less than a year , so deployment and profiling experience is n't nearly as rich as it is for competing languages .
Lack of libraries .
Ruby does not have nearly as rich a set as libraries as Java .
Lack of commercial investment .
You have to work harder to find Ruby consulting , education , or contractors , and off - shoring is practically nonexistent .
There are many others .
Still , you can effectively mitigate risks associated with Ruby .
Take performance - related risks .
Though the body of knowledge around large - scale Ruby deployments is limited , you can learn if you look in the right places .
The industry has a wealth of knowledge of other LAMP - languages such as PhP , Perl , and Python .
The deployment mechanisms , web servers , and shared - nothing strategies for scalability are all similar .
Or consider staffing .
Do n't underestimate your ability to build an effective staff through internal training .
My training schedule for new Java developers for Spring , Eclipse , Hibernate , and WebWork is effectively five times as long as a similar schedule for a Ruby on Rails developer .
You can do well by starting with a programming language with characteristics similar to Ruby , such as Perl , Python , or Smalltalk .
If you want to build a programmer from scratch , you 'll probably build a productive Ruby developer at least as fast as you can train a Java developer how to use the latest bevy of frameworks .
And think about libraries .
How much do you really need ?
If you need distributed , two - phased commit , use Java .
If you need perfect integration into Microsoft Office macros , use .NET .
But if you 're building operating system scripts for integration , or greenfield database backed applications , Ruby will have just about everything you need .
And you can often build what you need if it 's not there .
I work with one company that built their own database driver in two weeks , but more than made up that time over the rest of the project .
I talked to another that extended Oracle support by patching existing code in four hours .
Thoughtworks built RBatis , Ruby 's version of iBATIS , in a very short time .
So Ruby 's risks are often overstated when you consider the whole picture , especially if Java is not giving you everything you need .
The best way to put these risks into perspective is often to try Ruby for yourself .
Use Rails to build something nontrivial , and make a call based on what you find .
Do n't buy into the myths .
Myth versus reality
Rails is a silver bullet .
People have failed with Rails , and many more will fail .
If you apply it without the requisite skills , you 'll fail too .
On a similar note , if Java 's not your problem , Ruby will not be the answer .
Most software development problems are not related to technology .
If you 're thrashing , Ruby on Rails will only help you thrash faster .
Choosing Ruby is too risky , because you could guess wrong .
The primary risk of adopting any new language is that you 'll guess wrong , and be left with a stagnated set of libraries .
That 's certainly a significant risk , but that problem is in no way limited to just Ruby .
Within Java , you need to make potentially dozens of small decisions about major libraries , any of which can leave you with a struggling , stagnating code base .
Should you pick Spring , or EJB 3 for declarative transactions ?
Is the Java Persistence Architecture the right choice , or is Hibernate ultimately the answer ?
What 's the right answer for the Web MVC layer , a fading Struts , or something cleaner ?
Within Ruby , choosing a web development framework is much easier .
You 'll likely be working with Rails .
The dynamic nature of the language also makes it easier to decouple layers of the architecture , making certain decisions much less invasive than their Java counterparts .
It 's always easier to staff a Java project .
Java does have a much larger pool of developers , but the community has significant fragmentation .
If you want to use an integrated stack , your choices are limited .
Even if you do choose a popular stack such as Spring , your developers must learn potentially dozens of libraries that are specific to a given project .
In this case , Java 's core strength , a plethora of libraries , works against it .
In contrast , most Ruby developers know Rails .
Also , you typically need more Java developers to handle a similar task .
Sometimes , staffing for Java is easier .
Sometimes , it 's not .
Rails cannot scale .
Ruby on Rails actually has good scalability .
The caching model is strong , and the shared - nothing architecture has proven effective dozens of times over within the LAMP community .
In reality , we know that Ruby on Rails can scale to moderately large applications .
We do n't know at all whether or not Ruby on Rails can handle very large application deployments .
Nothing inherent in the architecture leads me to believe that it is a dead end .
For typical applications , the latency is in the database anyway .
Rails integration options are too limited .
Rails has very good support of ReST - based web services .
Ruby also has emerging support for the JVM through JRuby and Microsoft 's virtual machine , called the CLR in a separate project .
Good messaging options are emerging as well .
In the end , you 'll be in good shape if you pick the best tool for the job .
Good teams can succeed with either Java or Ruby .
Wrapping up : What actions can you take ?
If you 're considering using Ruby , there 's a wealth of information at your fingertips .
Talk to people who have done both Java and Ruby effectively .
Read about the frameworks .
Check out From Java to Ruby .
If you do n't think you can leave Java but want a lightweight development experience , check out the Java projects that give you better leverage , such as RIFE , JMatter , or Wicket .
If you think Ruby might be a good choice , consider these suggestions :
Pick the right tool for the job .
Ruby on Rails is not a silver bullet .
It 's a highly - tailored environment for database - backed web applications .
It will work much better with new database schemas , or those you can modify to take advantage of Rails defaults .
Plan your team ramp - up carefully .
You wo n't be able to throw out an ad on Monster.com and staff the project in three days .
You might want to consider training some or all of your developers , and recruiting a few top Rails developers , or taking on some limited consulting help to jump - start things .
Know your legacy integration points .
Often , the hardest part of a project is defining interactions with external systems .
Your initial proof - of - concept work should work through some of these touch points , at least to the point where you 're comfortable with your solutions .
If you 're not sure , do a pilot , or go with the conservative option .
The best risk mitigation is always good judgement .
About the author
Bruce
Tate is a mountain biker , kayaker and father of two in Austin , Texas .
He has written nine programming books , including two on Ruby and five on Java .
He is the founder of RapidRed , a company with a focus on lightweight development technologies including Ruby and Rails , offering development , consulting , and training .
Bruce is recognized worldwide as an excellent speaker , programmer , trainer , and consultant .
__World - class contrarian Thomas Gold has a theory about life on the planet :
It 's pumping out of the Earth 's crust - and it 's swimming in oil .
__
Francis Crick discovered the structure of DNA , helping to crack the genetic code ; since then he has worked on biological problems from the nature of consciousness to the function of dreams to the origin of life .
And through it all Crick , now 84 , has been known to friends as a particularly gifted thrower of parties .
Back in 1947 , amid the privations of postwar Cambridge , England , two students walked into one of these parties , held in Crick 's flat on Trumpington Street , and paused to scan the crowd .
Crick was holding court in the middle of the room , surrounded by young women ; other great - minds - in - formation were located around .
In the far corner stood a clear - faced , rather stern - looking man .
" That 's Gold of Gold and Pumphrey , " said one of the students , referring to the team then doing groundbreaking research on the workings of the ear .
" No , no , " his companion replied , " that 's Gold of Bondi and Gold , " the brilliant pair of mathematicians then rewriting the rules of cosmology .
The stern face across the room , picking up on their confusion through a trick in the apartment 's acoustics , broke into a smile .
The eavesdropper , and the Gold on both scientific teams , was the same man : Thomas Gold , a physicist who has enjoyed a career broad enough in its enthusiasms to make even Francis Crick look narrow .
Gold has worked in the highest reaches of Big Science - overseeing the construction and operation of the world 's largest radio telescope , in Arecibo , Puerto Rico - while also excelling at the sort of research that requires nothing more than a pencil , paper , and an idea .
He has reimagined the whisperings inside the ear , the universe as a whole , and , most recently , the ground beneath your feet .
And he 's done so with a profound indifference to the opinions of others .
Gold is not just wide - ranging :
He 's a world - class contrarian .
Very few people agree with him on everything , which suggests he 's sometimes wrong .
But he 's also sometimes right .
And he 's always either interesting or infuriating , depending on where you 're coming from .
In his nineties , Gold is championing the idea that the creatures living on or near the surface of the Earth - plants , people , possums , porpoises , pneumonia bacilli - are just part of the biological story .
In the depths of the Earth 's crust , he believes , is a second realm , a bacterial " deep hot biosphere " that is greater in mass than all the creatures living on land and swimming in the seas .
Most biologists will tell you that life is something that happens on the Earth 's surface , powered by sunlight .
Gold counters that most living beings reside deep in the Earth 's crust at temperatures well above 100 degrees Celsius , living off methane and other hydrocarbons .
Presented in full in his 1999 book , The Deep Hot Biosphere , Gold 's theory of life below the Earth 's surface is an outgrowth of his heretical theories about the origins of oil , coal , and natural gas .
In the traditional view , of course , these substances are the residues of dead creatures .
When organic matter from swamps and seafloors gets buried deep enough in the crust , it goes through chemical changes that distill it into hydrocarbons we can then dig up and burn .
Gold believes none of this .
He 's convinced that the hydrocarbons we use come from chemical stocks that were incorporated into the Earth at its creation .
Since the oil crisis of the 1970s , Gold has been saying that the Earth is hugely well endowed with these hydrocarbons - hundreds of times more so than most geologists , or oil companies , or OPEC leaders believe .
The general belief in scarcity that drives up gas prices and causes fears of inflation , Gold argues , is a mirage that has served vested interests among oil producers for decades .
But this is one Gold theory that very few agree with .
Conventional petroleum geologists hold that hydrocarbons are created by the burial of organic material to depths where moderate levels of heat and pressure " cook " it into oil and gas , which then migrate through the crust to the sorts of sedimentary structures best suited to trap them .
Geochemists argue that the bulk of the world 's hydrocarbons could n't possibly reside in the Earth 's mantle , as Gold posits ; at that depth , hydrocarbons would react with the mantle , oxidizing into carbon dioxide , a process which , Gold 's foes believe , is evident in the belching forth of carbon dioxide from the Earth 's volcanoes .
As Steve Drury , who reviewed Gold 's book for Geological Magazine , puts it , " Any Earth scientist will take a perverse delight in reading the book , because it is entertaining stuff , but even a beginner will see the gaping holes where Gold has deftly avoided the vast bulk of mundane evidence regarding our planet 's hydrocarbons . "
If a maverick theory of oil were all there was to the Tommy Gold story , he could easily be dismissed as a crank .
But he is an enormously respected physicist .
When the first radio astronomers started seeing radio sources in the sky , they thought they were unusual stars ; from the early 1950s onward , Gold championed the idea that they were actually distant galaxies , and after a long and acrimonious dispute , he was shown to be right .
Later , in the 1960s , a new sort of radio source was detected in the skies , one that flashed on and off regularly .
Gold rushed into print with the idea that these pulsars were astrophysical oddities called neutron stars , the existence of which had been predicted in the 1930s but had never been seen .
Many of his colleagues thought the idea outrageous .
It was right on the money .
But he is n't always right .
In the 1940s , early in his career , Gold developed the idea of a " steady - state universe " with Herman Bondi and Fred Hoyle , when the three of them left their wartime jobs in the British Admiralty and made their way back to Cambridge .
( Bondi and Gold , both Viennese , had met as refugees , sleeping on the concrete floor of a British internment camp before their mathematical talents were pressed into service on naval radar programs . )
The hypothesis has now been almost completely rejected in favor of the big bang theory .
But for a while the steady - state idea , in which expansion was eternal and creation continuous , was the most satisfying scientific explanation of the universe around .
Cosmologists now think it wrong , though few think it stupid .
Some Gold interventions , however , do n't look so impressive in hindsight .
His suggestion that the moon might be deeply covered by very fine dust - an idea he insists was misrepresented by academic enemies - has been widely dismissed since the Apollo landings .
( Gold now thinks the moon , too , may well have a deep biosphere - as may many other bodies in the solar system . )
And his ideas about hydrocarbons remain widely disputed .
But Gold still argues passionately for his " abiogenic " ( not biological in origin ) theory of oil .
In the 1980s he persuaded researchers in Sweden to drill a hole some 6 kilometers deep into solid granite - a rock that crystallizes out of molten lava deep within the Earth , and thus should not contain any organic remains - and succeeded in finding some oil .
This did n't convince the geology community , which felt that the oil must have gotten into the granite through cracks .
But Gold took it as a vindication .
In the Swedish experiment , he also saw vindication of his related - and possibly more fruitful - theory of the deep hot biosphere .
One of the arguments that geologists use to point to biological sources for oil is that some oil molecules look very much like molecules found in living cells .
But Gold has turned this argument on its head , interpreting the telltale molecules as signs that there is life feeding on the hydrocarbons deep below us , not constituting them .
Instead of dead creatures turning into hydrocarbons when buried ( the source of the term fossil fuels ) , Gold says the hydrocarbons are fuel on which creatures buried in the Earth 's depths survive .
__Buried deep in the Earth , says Gold , lies a second realm , a bacterial biosphere greater in mass than all the creatures living on the surface .
__
Today , Gold sees other evidence of the deep hot biosphere .
There 's life on the floors of the oceans , making use of the chemicals gushing out of volcanic vents , and there have been bacteria turning up in deep holes all around the world - in the Columbia River basalts of Washington , in oil wells in the North Sea , in South African gold mines , and in the Swedish drilling program Gold set up .
And though most planetary scientists are unconvinced by the claims made in 1996 that a Martian meteorite had fossils in it , thinking about the Mars rock focused people 's minds on the possibility that a planet with a lifeless surface need not have a lifeless interior .
Listening to Gold make his case in his home in Ithaca , New York - where for 20 years he ran the Cornell Center for Radiophysics and Space Research - is to hear one of the 20th century 's true scientific originals .
His voice - still recognizably Viennese - is softer than it once was , but his combative spirit is undimmed .
He still works on ideas ranging from the cosmological to the geophysical .
He still gets a kick out of pointing to other people 's mistakes .
And he 's still convinced , perhaps now more than ever , that he 's discovered one of the great secrets of life .
Wired :
You published your ideas about the deep hot biosphere in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in 1992 .
What evidence since then has confirmed your beliefs ?
Gold :
A large number of people have found more microbial life in deep boreholes .
And in deep caves ?
Yes , that 's important .
So the buildup of evidence and interest must be gratifying .
Oh yes , it 's certainly nice .
But what I find a little distressing is that even though I published that article in ' 92 - I 'd already submitted it to Nature in ' 88 , but they would n't publish it - a lot of people describe their work as if they had made the discovery of a deep hot biosphere and it had never been thought of before .
You saw what you thought was evidence when you drilled in Sweden and found signs of life 6 kilometers down in the form of sludge and tiny grains of the mineral magnetite .
What was the significance of that finding ?
Magnetite is a chemically reduced form of iron oxide , which means it has less oxygen bound to the iron than more common iron oxides .
The whole story of the deep hot biosphere is that oil coming up from below , without biology , will be food material for microbiology when it gets to a relatively shallow level where the temperature is not too high .
For the microbes to use that oil as food when there 's no atmospheric oxygen , they have to find oxygen in the rocks .
There is plenty there , but there is not all that much in an easily removable form .
But what is easily usable is in common iron oxides - and when that 's used , magnetite gets left behind .
Yes .
In your book you talk about being so excited at finding the sludge that you tried to analyze it yourself in a friend 's kitchen .
That 's right .
I arrived on a Saturday in Mallorca with the sample and I was alone in the apartment .
So first of all I looked around in the neighborhood and there was not a single shop open .
I knew the sample was oily - I could feel that - so I thought that maybe there would be some nail polish remover to use as a solvent .
I looked through all the cupboards for nail polish remover but could n't find any .
Eventually I decided hot water and kitchen detergent would be my best bet .
The sludge was like quite thick putty so I tried to dissolve it - it took a lot of doing .
In the end I had a clear liquid , light gray , and I thought it was particulate .
The grain size was so small that kitchen paper could serve as a chromatogram - diffusion would take the black stuff some way out through the paper , while the liquid went much farther .
In such a case you think first of a metal .
So I thought , Well , iron is common - is there a magnet in the house ?
There were magnetic door latches on the cabinets , so I unscrewed those and put some of my liquid on aluminum foil and immediately it made sharp lines between the poles .
So it was most likely magnetite .
What first made you think that there might be life at such depths ?
It was in response to the long debate over how helium , which is concentrated in oil , could be associated with petroleum and biological debris .
Helium has no affinity chemically with biological stuff .
My argument was that the helium must have been swept up from below by petroleum from deep down , and that led me to the whole notion of the deep biosphere .
And you believe that the oily depths where you found magnetite represent the environment where life on Earth began ?
Yes .
You can only suppose the origin of life in circumstances where there is no direct access to the source of at least one of the components that you require .
If you have the common story of the warm pond on the surface , then all of the things that are needed will be accessible to whatever microbes there are .
So they will multiply exponentially up to the limit of the food supply .
That means that in a flash the whole thing is done and they are all dead .
There has to be a process of metering out at least one of the components so it 's impossible to eat up everything at once .
The hydrocarbons from the mantle provide that metered supply .
If life developed down below , it could later crawl up to the surface and invent photosynthesis .
As I understand it , you think that any planetary body that 's warm enough for liquid water at some depth , and that has hydrocarbons in it , will have a deep biosphere .
So there could be life inside the moon .
What we know about the moon is quite remarkable .
The astronauts of the Apollo program left behind a gadget that measures molecular weights .
There were a few deep earthquakes measured , and in association with those earthquakes there was always a molecular mass of 16 recorded by the instrument .
Now the people who do n't know any chemistry then responded saying , Well , that 's oxygen .
But it 's no good telling me it was oxygen atoms because an oxygen atom could not go a centimeter through cracks in the rock .
What fairly stable molecule have we got that has mass 16 ?
Methane .
So it is warm enough for life in the moon .
Mars is undoubtedly a better candidate because it 's larger and has more internal heat .
Then there are the satellites of the major planets , also Triton , Pluto , Charon , and the larger asteroids that have big black markings on them .
Not Venus or Mercury - there the water would disappear altogether .
In my first paper on the subject I advised that one should go down the deep valley on Mars and to the landslides that have come off its walls in the hope of finding solid material residue that we have identified as coming from microbial action .
The current Mars program is focused on what are taken to be previously wet environments - lake beds and the like .
That is complete nonsense .
How did you feel when you first heard the claims about ALH 84001 , the meteorite from Mars in which some people saw signs of life ?
I think immediately the first information was that there were small grains of magnetite in there , and sulfides , and there was oil in there .
What they called polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ?
That 's oil .
Sulfides and magnetite were immediately reported , all close together .
And there was a calcite cement .
All these things are typical of what you find down boreholes .
To my mind they have a much stronger case than the one they made for saying this is biological .
If meteorites can move material from one planet to another , do you think that life could have moved between the deep biospheres ?
Yes .
I also believe there may be a huge number of bodies that are like planets that are not tied to stars .
All we know is that we are tied to a star .
And we 've seen a few other stars like ours .
But that is no reason for thinking that the formation of planetary bodies needs a star .
It 's only because that 's the only place where we 've been able to look .
If you had an Earth - sized body floating by itself through space , we would not have had any chance to observe it .
But its deep biosphere could keep ticking .
Ticking as it has here for billions of years .
So life could spread not just within solar systems but over greater distances ?
Yes .
It 's interesting that you still speculate about other planets .
Some of your work in this area - I 'm thinking about your ideas regarding the surface of the moon - is now seen as having been very wide of the mark .
I concluded that very fine - grained material seemed likely on the lunar surface .
The opposition believed that everything was volcanic - that the moon was enormously volcanic at one time even though now one can't see the littlest volcano on it .
They said the flat plains are just lava fields and flows .
They got NASA to train the astronauts in the lava fields near Flagstaff ; when the astronauts came back , they said they had n't seen any ground that was anything like the area in which they trained .
What happened , to my great annoyance , was that the other side wanted to ridicule me before the landing by saying , We think it 's all hard stuff but Gold thinks you 're going to sink out of sight the moment you step onto the surface .
It was completely a slander .
As I had written , when I step out of a plane in Denver I 'm stepping onto a mile of fine granular material - because it all washed out from the mountains - and I do n't sink out of sight .
I would not have worked on a camera to go to the moon if I had thought it was not going to work .
But it was published that Gold says when they step off the ladder they will sink out of sight .
And newspapermen , as you probably know , read other newspapers , and these things tend to propagate .
Henry Cooper , in a 1969 New Yorker article about the Apollo missions , quoted you as saying that geologists have no more business studying the moon than studying the sun .
You clearly do n't have a very high opinion of geologists .
That is true .
They 're so enormously fashion - conscious .
It was very unfashionable to think that the continents had moved .
And then from one year to the next it was declared that it was all right , that the continents had moved .
And then if you had any difficulty with the details of how the continents had moved , you were a crackpot .
They just follow a leader .
Was n't it by recognizing a mistake widely accepted by geologists that you first got interested in the deep Earth ?
Yes .
In the late 1940s I had read in a textbook on geology that at a depth of more than 10 kilometers there can't be any pore spaces , because the overburden of the rock is so great that it would crush them all out .
I discussed this with Fred Hoyle and said that these people evidently do n't understand what a pressure bath is .
If there is liquid under pressure in the pore spaces it will keep them open .
It 's just as silly as the schoolboy who comes home from school and asks , " How is it that I 'm not squashed as flat as a pancake when there 's 14.7 pounds per square inch on my body ? "
There can be pore spaces any way down you like so long as the pressure of the fluid in the pores is reasonably in balance with the rock pressing down from above .
What led you to think the liquids holding open these pores might be hydrocarbons left over from the Earth 's creation ?
Probably reading Arthur Holmes , who had written so many things that were egocentric expressions of opinion .
He was the great father of geology - and still is - but I found his work quite shocking .
Shocking in what way ?
Whenever he discussed some facts that were inconvenient , he would say that they should not be taken seriously , that it was purely due to chance .
He far exceeded his information with the opinions that were mixed in - statements like , " Oil is not found in association with coal except accidentally , and not found in volcanic areas except accidentally . "
Look at the arc of Indonesia , from Burma to New Guinea :
It 's far more earthquakey than any other place we know .
It makes lots of small , deep earthquakes , it 's along exactly that belt that you have volcanoes - and you have petroleum along the whole of the line .
" Never found in association with volcanoes except accidentally " - that 's a hell of an accident .
So I spent years having these problems with geological texts .
And then in the 1970s I had some discussions with King Hubbert , the leading American petroleum geologist , whose word counted as God's .
I remember having lunch with him in Washington and saying , " Well , how can you account for the fact that we have oil - producing regions that are so large , that can go from Turkey to Iran to the Persian Gulf and under the plains of Saudi Arabia and on into the mountains of Oman , and the whole of that stretch is oil ? "
Why would that be unlikely , given the traditional view of oil forming from organic matter in buried sediments ?
Because the oil is all the same , while the sediments in that region are completely different : different ages , different materials .
There 's no sedimentary material that is uniform throughout the region , that has any coherence .
And this just never struck him .
His response was , " In geology we do n't try and explain things - we just report what we see . "
Hubbert 's views changed the wealth of nations .
The belief that oil would run out , and that those with a source could always increase the price , caused the early - '70s oil crisis .
That , to my mind , is a completely stupid attitude that shifted many billions of dollars away from some countries and toward others .
You clearly already had some sort of alternative model in mind .
I knew something that , to this day , the petroleum geologists in this country do n't seem to know - that astronomical observations had detected large amounts of hydrocarbons on various planetary bodies in our solar system .
We did n't have the very good results that we now have from Titan showing seven different hydrocarbons .
But I knew that there were perfectly sound astronomical observations showing hydrocarbons to be common on planetary bodies .
So it seemed natural that there should be similar hydrocarbons within the Earth , slowly seeping out .
We do n't see a lot of hydrocarbons just lying around on the Earth .
Once the atmosphere has a lot of oxygen , then any hydrocarbon gases that come up are quickly turned into CO 2 .
Were there precedents for your idea that deep hydrocarbons are a normal fact of planetary geology ?
In the '60s , Sir Robert Robinson [ a Nobel Prize - winning chemist and president of Britain 's Royal Society ] said that petroleum looks like a primordial hydrocarbon to which biological products have been added .
And what was the response ?
The response was that I quoted his remark in many of my papers .
But the profession of petroleum geology did not pick it up .
Mendeleyev [ the Russian chemist who developed the periodic table ] in the 1870s had said much the same thing , but Robinson had done a more modern analysis of oil and had come to the same conclusion .
And , in fact , the Russians have in the last 20 years done an even more precise analysis that completely proves the point .
The fact that Mendeleyev was in favor of a primordial origin of petroleum had a great effect - you see , to most Russians , Mende - leyev was the greatest scientist that Russia ever had .
Does it worry you that better international communications mean there 's no longer that opportunity for ideas disregarded in one place to find safe havens elsewhere ?
Yes .
In fact , I wrote somewhere during the Cold War that I sometimes wish the Iron Curtain were much taller than it is , so that you could see whether the development of science with no communication was parallel on the two sides .
In this case it certainly was n't .
I suppose it 's understandable that pure scientists might reject a theory just because they do n't like it .
But why did oil companies interested in the bottom line not pay attention ?
Because individual petroleum geologists who work for big companies never wanted to admit that they could have done their planning and their prospecting on an entirely wrong basis .
Perhaps there was little interest in your idea in the 1980s and '90s because oil prices stayed low .
But that made it clear that the geologists ' theory and its predictions were wrong .
Maybe they were off by only a little - after all , the price is now rising steeply .
But that 's only because of the OPEC cartel , which is held together still by the information that the oil is going to run out .
If it 's clear that the fields are refilling , then of course the cartel greatly weakens , and the individual nations will try to outsell the others .
So it 's very important economically who is in the right .
How much more oil is there in your view of the world than in the view of traditional petroleum geology ?
Oh , a few hundred times more .
But not all of it is accessible at the moment ?
It becomes accessible by recharging , and the recharging process I think I completely understand .
There 's a stepwise approximation of the pore pressure to the rock pressure - that will always be the case if the stuff is coming up from below .
You will not just fill up one reservoir at the top in the shallow levels .
It will always be underlaid by another reservoir , and that in turn by another , and so on for a long way down .
And by pumping out oil from the highest reservoir you release the pressure on the lower ones , allowing more oil to seep up .
Yes , the partial seal between the surface reservoir and the one below in some cases appears to break open violently .
What 's the evidence for that ?
Many fields have produced several times as much as the initial testing of their magnitude would have indicated .
Some geologists frankly agree that fields are refilling themselves - Robert Mahfoud and James Beck , who say fields in the Middle East are refilling , and Jean Whelan , who has observed a site refilling in the Gulf of Mexico - though they wo n't concede my theory is correct .
Your onetime colleague Carl Sagan used to say that extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence .
What evidence did you have for geologists who found your claims about oil extraordinary ?
In Sweden I produced oil by the ton from 6 kilometers down .
Eighty barrels we pumped , perfectly ordinary crude oil , entirely in nonsedimentary rock , in granite .
It looked like perfectly good stuff .
The Russians have drilled 300 holes in Tatarstan since the Swedish experiments .
They give me the credit for making the final determination between the biogenic and abiogenic theory by finding petroleum in the bedrock of Sweden .
Presumably the geologists said the oil had come in along cracks in the granite .
They 'd have a hard time persuading me .
Is n't there oil in the shales around the granite ?
But the shales are nowhere deeper than 300 meters .
I was down at 6.7 kilometers .
A number of physicists of your generation - your friend Hoyle , George Gamow , Luis Alvarez , Freeman Dyson , Francis Crick ( a physicist by training ) - have gravitated toward big questions about life , its origin , its workings .
I think that 's what any competent scientist will do in the course of time .
But for you , the move from one topic to another seems to have been driven by spotting other people 's errors .
Yes , that 's true .
I was quite good at spotting a serious error , such as when Harold Jeffreys [ a geophysicist at Cambridge ] gave a particular formula for the damping of the Earth 's free nutation [ a slight nodding of the axis of rotation ] .
I looked at this formula and then I rushed to my friend Bondi and said , " Look , Harold thinks that if I have an object the size of a pea in the middle of the Earth and it has a suitable viscosity , it will cause the observed damping . "
I realized immediately it was rubbish .
Bondi and I wrote a correction paper , and it took us a year to get that correction paper printed .
Because the great Harold Jeffreys was still standing on his hind legs and saying what he wrote was right .
In putting forward controversial ideas , does it help to have had the experience of seeing your cosmological theories discarded ?
Did that experience toughen you up ?
I was always pretty tough .
But the pulsar episode shaped my attitude more than anything else .
My idea that rotating neutron stars were responsible for pulsars was totally ridiculed at an international conference .
I was not allowed to speak from the podium for five minutes in a two - day conference because it was regarded as such a monstrous idea .
That was in the spring , and I think by November or December of that year , observations of the pulsar in the Crab Nebula had confirmed every damn thing that I 'd said - confirmed that the frequencies of a young pulsar would be higher , confirmed that good places to look would be supernova remnants , and a number of other things .
After that , I was never going to compromise with other people 's opinions again : Just know the facts .
Do n't people tend to overtrust what they are taught are facts ?
Yes , absolutely .
Not only overtrust , but they publish whenever they have a positive result for an accepted theory , and if they have a negative result they suppress it , or it gets suppressed by the referee .
So you have to know what to ignore :
You have to have what I think Bondi once called a ruthless disregard for the observations .
I kick myself for not having been firm enough sometimes .
Some of my colleagues have , on occasion , wanted me to step down from my high horse , saying maybe there is something to what the others say .
I should have resisted that .
Searching out error means changing fields quite often , though .
If you had been more ambitious about your career , would you have stuck to a single area of research ?
Yes , but that did not attract me - I followed my own interests .
And that has been a handicap .
The petroleum geologists dislike me , but very few of them have any notion that I 've worked in other fields - and been also disliked , but found out right , you see .
It should give them some pause .
Yinan Wang , the 14 - year - old Chinese boy who clinched a place at Oxford University last week , will be the last child prodigy to study there under reforms being considered by admissions tutors .
Despite an almost perennial flurry of headlines on children barely in their teens being offered places , the university is considering an unprecedented blanket rule on minimum ages for undergraduates .
' The admissions executive is in discussions around whether we should introduction a minimum age of 17 for undergraduates , ' confirmed Ruth Collier , a spokesperson for admissions to Oxford .
' We have been pushed to consider it , not because of concerns about whether it is psychologically healthy for children to study here , but because of child protection laws which have come into play this year for the first time . '
Oxford is the only university in Britain that currently accepts undergraduates who are under the age of 17 .
Individual colleges decide which candidates they will accept as undergraduates , but Collier confirms that age is rarely , if ever , a factor .
' It 's up to each college who they accept , but if you 're the best student for the place and are 14 years old , then the general attitude is " so be it " , ' said Collier .
' We have always said our policy is entirely non-discriminatory and we are proud of that openness , which we consider crucial to Oxford 's ethos , but we have discovered this year that there are heavy costs in having that policy . '
The Children Act , the biggest shake - up in child protection law in 30 years , which was introduced last March , gives all those who work with children a legal duty to protect the young .
' Because no other university accepts children , the government have produced no guidance on how higher education establishments should implement it , ' said Collier .
' We are studying it very hard and worrying a great deal about how we should do it , which is taking up a great deal of time and coming at a cost . '
Collier lists concerns including not leaving children on their own with adults and making sure that any teachers with whom they come into contact have had a criminal records check .
Children can no longer live in student accommodation , because the university could not carry out a criminal record check on every other undergraduate sharing the same premises .
' Suddenly we can't offer one - to - one tutorials , while the people who do administration in our colleges have to spend a great deal of time making absolutely sure they are not inadvertently placing a child in a potentially dangerous situation with anyone who has n't had a criminal records check , ' she added .
Collier is unable to discuss individual cases , such as that of Yinan Wang , but she added : ' This is the first year we have had someone quite so young since the new laws have come in , and some people have been shocked by how much is involved .
' The problem is that we can't alter the environment here ; we can't lay on special measures for younger students .
We 're used to operating as an institution for adults . '
A former pupil at Copland Community College in Brent , north - west London - one of the country 's biggest comprehensive schools - Wang will read material sciences at Corpus Christi after gaining A - grade passes in maths , further maths and physics last week .
The 14 - year - old is one of the youngest students at Oxford since Ruth Lawrence , who became its youngest - ever maths graduate in 1982 , aged 12 .
However , Wang overcame the additional challenge of being unable to speak English when he arrived in the UK two years ago .
Mark Wormald , the admissions tutor at Corpus Christi , said he would welcome a university - wide ruling on a suitable age for undergraduates .
' On a case - by - case basis , it is difficult for us to take a view on the best age for undergraduates , ' he said .
' If a parent comes to us to say coming here is the best thing for their child , it is quite difficult for us to argue against that because there is no blanket policy .
If possible , we like to have a consensus with all colleges regarding age , ' he added .
Subscribe To Zimbra Email as a Service
Want the benefits of Zimbra email collaboration without the costs and hassle of maintaining your own environment ?
Contact one of our 500 service providers to find an affordable cloud email subscription plan that meets your needs .
By Spencer Kelly
Click presenter
Hailed as " the most significant memory invention of the decade " , magnetoresistive random - access memory or Mram could one day overthrow hard discs and flash memory .
To understand why Mram is potentially so exciting , let us look at the ways we currently store data .
Take one desktop computer , and carefully disassemble it .
The random access memory ( Ram ) is short term memory , it handles the data the computer needs right now to do its calculations .
Reading and writing data to Ram can be done extremely quickly .
But it is volatile , which means it needs constant power to store data - when you switch the power off , kiss goodbye to your data .
And then there is flash memory , which is great for storing moderate amounts of data , even when the power is off .
It is non-volatile , so it is useful in portable devices like mp3 players and cameras .
It is also robust , so you can sling it around in portable devices .
Its main drawbacks are that it is very slow to write data to , and it also wears out .
So depending on our needs , we have two ways of storing data , which both have disadvantages - they are either slow , or lose data when the power is off .
Quick and robust
What would be lovely is a type of memory which is both fast to write , and non-volatile .
So , along comes something called magnetoresistive random access memory or Mram .
It 's not going to be something you put into a PC for some time .
Technology writer Guy Kewney
A couple of weeks ago a company called Freescale announced that it had produced a working Mram chip which can hold four - megabits , that is about half a megabyte .
It is very small compared to the Ram and flash chips on the market , but it is a start .
In fact many companies , including IBM , have been working on the nanotechnology behind Mram for around a decade .
Put simply , Mram stores data magnetically , in the same way a hard drive does .
This makes it non-volatile .
It is also very quick , and does not wear out over time .
So it seems to have the advantages of both RAM and flash , with none of the disadvantages .
In its infancy
No wonder the tech press got very excited about it .
However , according to technology writer Guy Kewney , it is unlikely that Mram will replace every other form of storage anytime soon .
" It 's going to be important if it catches on in one or two small areas which let them get into volume first but those are n't going to be PCs .
" It 's not going to be something you put into a PC for some time . "
As the Mram chip is in a new format , and too small and expensive for home computing , a likely use for it is as a smart chip which are used in applications like travelcards .
" The point about those smart chips is they do n't have a battery in them , " explained Mr Kewney .
" They can't work until they come into the RFID ( radio frequency ID ) field which energises them and they have to work rapidly before the chip goes out of the RFID field .
" In that time there are several things you 've got to do ; you 've got to fire - up your wireless , you 've got to make contact , go through protocols and then you 've got to read the data and write it .
" And the more data you can write the more complex the application can be .
" With flash being a lot slower than magnetic ram there 's a limit to the amount of magnetic ram before the ticket is out of the way . "
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
Vibrator ad
They ’re really just a simple casing with an unbalanced drive shaft and a motor , but for such an unassuming device , the vibrator has some tremendous taboos associated with it .
Most of these prejudices hinge on packaging and purpose⁠ — the vibrator in a pager is the same basic device as its stimulating and lurid cousin , but suffers no stigma .
But perhaps our society has its taboos misplaced⁠ — after all , the pager uses its mechanical oscillations for the questionable purpose of distracting drivers on high - speed motorways , whereas the “ vibrator ” was originally designed for a noble medical purpose : the treatment of hysteria .
Hysteria is a term that was first coined by Hippocrates and described a medical condition peculiar to women ; he considered it to be a symptom of irregular blood - movement from the uterus to the brain .
The idea lasted through most of history , and in 1653 appears the first text that shows that the doctors of the era were using clitoral stimulation as a remedy for the nebulous ailment .
Because of the limited technology of the time , this therapy had to be conducted by hand … er , uh … manually … A - HEM ! … you get the point … anyway , this could be quite tiring for the doctors and midwives .
The goal of treatment was for the patient to reach “ paroxysm ” which could take up to an hour to attain , but once reached would / should / could relieve hysterical symptoms for a while .
Paroxysm : noun 1 ) a fit , attack , or sudden increase or recurrence of symptoms ( as of a disease ) : CONVULSION e.g. a paroxysm of coughing 2 ) a sudden violent emotion or action : OUTBURST e.g. a paroxysm of rage .
Hey , I did n’t know either .
When a treatment takes an hour of manual stimulation , of course doctors are going to try to find a gadget or device to make things easier .
The 1800s ushered in an era of experimentation , with physicians using contraptions made from rocking chairs and swings and such to spare them the physical effort .
But these met with limited success until the last third of the century .
In 1870 a wind - up device with an unbalanced drive shaft came available , however , it had the tendency to “ run down ” before the treatment was complete , and lead to frenetic winding .
A couple years after that a steam powered version was patented , but came with a warning that the procedure should still be observed by a medical practitioner lest “ over - stimulation ” occur .
( Where are all these quotation marks coming from ? )
And only a few short years after that an electro - mechanical model became available .
By the turn of that century medical articles and textbooks on “ vibratory massage technique ” praised the machines for treating all sorts of problems in either sex , and saving physicians untold time and labor !
With the help of these unbalanced drive shafts one could “ get there ” in ten minutes rather than the possible hour .
They proved to be a great time saver , but the downside of these contraptions was that they were room - sized , bulky apparatuses not meant to venture from a doctor ’s office and watchful eye .
Usually the motor stood the size of a modern industrial mixer and was affixed with an array of menacing wires and belts , and were bolted to the floor next to a bench–a cushioned bench if you were lucky .
Finally , in 1905 , the first portable model was made available .
For a brief time the medical industry maintained a shaky monopoly on the gadgets , but inevitably they lost control .
Soon enough these devices were being sold to the public at large !
Usually they appeared in housekeeping , sewing , and ladies ’ journals with innocuous pictures of an old woman mechanically massaging her temples with a statement akin to : “ all the pleasures of youth will throb within you . ”
Heck , in 1918 Sears & Roebuck got in on the action ; they took a fairly common household motor that affixed to attachments that helped churn , mix , buff , and fan , and included a vibrating attachment too .
In the 1920s the medical profession realized that they were n’t really helping hysteria with their treatments , and divorced themselves from the vibrator to seek a more meaningful relationship with prescription drugs … and with that a medical treatment that had been around almost 300 years dipped into obscurity .
It would n’t be until the 1960s that once - medical implement would reemerge , this time marketed as a sex-aid .
It ’s hard to imagine the hot - pink , plastic gizmos that stare at me from the pages of discount catalogs hail such a noble history as a tool of medicine that assuaged so many cases of hysteria through the centuries .
Maybe it ’s just another example of our fast - food society taking a good thing and smutting it up for fun .
Update 06 September 2018 : Historians are beginning to cast doubt on historical claims regarding the use of vibrators to treat hysteria .
Claims about this practice may be exaggerated or altogether false .
Time will hopefully tell .
With apologies to Steven Colbart , let 's take this out of the realm of faith - based reasoning and resort to facts .
Reader Reinier Zwitserloot estimates :
There are about 50,000 or so fans , and I 'm being generous .
Let 's be very amicable and say each ep sells 150,000 times .
That 's 300,000 income .
I was skeptical that this estimate was accurate or gave a full picture of what we know about the Firefly audience , so I e-mailed a friend in the television industry to see whether he had access to more reliable numbers .
So here 's what he had on the dvd sales :
The Hollywood Reporter reported last July ( " Wheedon flock ready for ' Firefly ' resurrection " by Anne Thompson , 22 July ) that the DVD set of all 13 episodes had sold more than 200,000 copies .
There is an unconfirmed number posted at WHEDONesque.com ( " Firefly listed in top 1 DVD sets on FOX.com , " thread started by Chris Bridges , 31 March 2006 ) from someone named " The Hey " that put the sales at 2.5 million on 1 April 2006 -- but that seems really high .
I 'd guess it 's somewhere in the middle , with an uptick last summer / early fall ignited by SERENTITY 's release .
So let 's assume that the 2.5 million number is over the top ( unless someone can show otherwise ) but we can see that there were at least 200,000 copies of the DVD set sold prior to the films release .
Let 's Do the Math
If we assume 200,000 purchasers as the bare minimum , then the episodes would have to go for $ 5 to recoup Reiner 's estimated budget per episode , which seems steep for impulse purchases , but perhaps not that far off what you ended up paying per episode if you bought the boxed set for roughly $ 60 .
That said , this is probably the most conservative possible reading of the numbers .
Keep a few things in mind : these are the number of the copies of the entire set sold at a bulk price .
We do not know what percentage of people rented those dvds from Netflix or a similar service .
We do n't know how many would have paid a smaller price to sample just one episode .
We do n't know what the impact of the film 's release was on the sales or rentals of the dvds ( we can bet that it did draw a number of people to the dvds who had not seen the episodes when they were aired .
I 'd bet most of us know people who followed that route ) .
All of this could boast the numbers over the 200,000 number cited above and start to make what I am proposing look more like a winning proposition .
Now as we turn to statistics about the television audience , the potential market looks even larger .
Here 's what Nielsen says :
On average , across 11 weeks that the show aired on FOX , there were 2.7 million people 18 - 49 and 3.1 million heads of households that tuned in .
Of course , these folks were watching for free and we do n't know how many of them would pay to access the episodes .
These numbers are low in terms of ratings for a broadcast show -- but if you could turn them into paying customers , they would be very strong numbers for direct to dvd or download sales .
A big IF , I know .
Now , Compare the Feature Film
Here 's what we know about the feature film :
Budget for Serenity was $ 40 million ( not including marketing costs ) .
Domestic box office totaled $ 25.5 million after a $ 10 million opening weekend ( 30 September 2005 ) .
Foreign take was an additional $ 13.3 million .
We learn two things from this :
1 ) if we are right at estimating a per episode cost of 1 million , then the producers could have made 40 episodes , in theory , for what was spent on the feature film .
2 ) while these numbers are considered poor return on a feature film , getting that many people to spend a good deal less money to download an episode would be considered a major success .
In the course of researching this , I stumbled onto another author , Adam Sternbergh , at New York magazine , who has made a similar case for why Firefly might be a good candidate for direct to consumer production :
Let 's say that Joss Whedon , creator of Firefly , wanted to bring the series back to air .
( Though " back to air " is a TV phrase now as anachronistically quaint as " switching the dial . " )
Let 's say he found a million Firefly fans online -- and , trust me , they 're not hiding -- who were willing to pay , say , $ 39.99 each for a sixteen - episode season of Firefly .
( Not an unreasonable price , given how many people pay about that amount for full seasons on DVD . )
Suddenly , Joss Whedon 's got roughly $ 40 million to play with -- and he does n't need a network .
Or a time slot .
Or advertisers .
He can beam the damn shows right to your computer if he wants to .
None of this makes the production of a direct to dvd season of Firefly a sure thing but at this rate , you could have made a number of television episodes for the budget of the feature film .
Predictible Returns : What Disney Teaches Us
I introduced the idea of an advanced subscription from fans because this would allow the production company to move forward with confidence that there was at least a minimal market for what they were making .
Keep in mind most media production decisions do n't have anywhere near that level of guarantee of market success .
They bet on their best guesses of what the audience is going to be .
That 's why the Disney analogy is interesting .
Disney does n't have to sell subscriptions for its direct to the consumer sequels to The Lion King or The Jungle Book .
These videos have a reliable consumer base which regularly pushes them into the top dvd sales or rentals upon release and keeps them there , more or less , until the new titles hit the market .
These are in effect presold .
They may not make as much money per pop as a theatrical release - but then they also do n't cost anywhere near as much money .
They are , however , far less hit or miss than the theatrical films which depend on generating interest around new and untested properties ( and Disney 's track record there has been pretty grim ) .
Pay Check to Pay Check
Liza raises a question about whether a show with Firefly 's ensemble cast might work under this model .
She writes :
I think the pre-pay , direct - to - DVD / ipod idea has merit , but could not be applied to the task of assembling nearly a dozen actors ( rebuilding all the sets ! ) and ask them to work , essentially , paycheck to paycheck .
My first response was to ask whether Liza has any sense how many television actors right now are living paycheck to paycheck .
By this logic , television shows would never get produced at all .
Many recurring character actors - anyone who is not a series regular - probably gets hired on a check by check basis and is grateful for the relative stability a gig on a television series represents .
While it is true that a long - standing series offers a decent degree of security for a performer , the reality is that any television show can be canceled on the whim of a top network executive .
It 's not like tv actors get tenure .
That said , she is probably right that it might be hard to hold together an ensemble as large as Firefly had .
I would argue that from the point of view of the production company , my direct to consumer television idea might make more sense ( especially when you add my ideas about selling subscriptions in advance to the most hardcore fans ) : the production company can make a reasonable decision about how many episodes it wants to produce based on iestimates of its likely audience and return on investment .
Under the current system , the production company is essentially producing on spec and really only returns its costs once it goes into syndication or DVD packaging .
Under this model , the production company starts to get returns from the moment the first product ships .
Is it a risk to go this way ?
No doubt - all the more so because no other television show has ever done this before .
I suspect this option was never considered when Whedon was thinking about the fate of the series .
Clearly , the decision would have rested with the studios involved -- not with Whedon .
( Sorry to have personalized this discussion around Whedon in my first post .
I did n't mean for this to come across as an attack on the guy . )
I am sure Whedon was n't offered any options forward other than the movie and I am certain under those circumstances , he was better off going with the movie .
What I am suggesting here is a way to rewrite the rules of American television .
It has n't happened yet .
It may happen some day .
What The Video iPod Adds
Catana notes , speaking about video iPod , that :
We forget how quickly new technologies change things that did n't seem feasible a very short time before .
It was just a bit too early for any choice but Serenity .
Alas .
He 's certainly right that using the iPod as the distribution channel was n't even a hypothetical option at the point Serenity was made but direct to dvd would in theory have been a model .
Video iPod adds two factors to the mix : a stable infrastructure which allows per episode sales to consumers ( my assumption is that hardcore fans would buy dvds and that this system will appeal most to casual consumers who want to taste the series ) and a global distribution channel which allows you to quickly enter a world - wide market without carrying some of the costs of physically shipping your product .
Both are significant advantages but direct to dvd production was possible when the decision was made to go with the feature film .
The Bottom Line
In some ways , Firefly would have been the best test case for this model - because of Whedon 's reputation and hardcore fan base .
In other ways , it would have been a bad test case for reasons readers have identified - the costs of an ensemble cast and of the special effects budget required for this particular series .
Would it have worked ?
We will never know .
With technology , it 's easy to break the law Legally , it 's been a gray week for me .
I took apart and repaired a 15 - year - old , Freon - filled air conditioner without an EPA permit .
I destroyed a wasp's nest with a makeshift flamethrower , using an aerosol can of cleaner " in a manner inconsistent with its labeling . "
And then I went hardcore .
Well , sort of .
I got myself a new laptop at work ; I bring it home on weekends for safekeeping .
It has built - in Wi-Fi networking , and I had a Wi -Fi hotspot in my house .
As soon as I turned it on , the laptop found and connected to a Wi -Fi network .
This was cool ; I appreciate how easy it works .
But it was also odd , because my Wi-Fi network is encrypted .
You need a password to access it , and I had n't entered one .
I pulled up the list of networks , and there was mine , locked down , along with a few others , also locked .
There was also one unencrypted one and I was connecting through it .
The computer is set to search for the strongest network it can access and use it .
As I was n't planning on bringing my machine home more than occasionally , it was easier to piggyback on this mysterious signal than to set up my own network .
There have been plenty of stories about how you should secure your wireless network , and doing so is n't difficult : a handful of clicks , really .
Some neighbors had done so , but one had not , and now I was using his Internet connection .
Technically , this is theft .
Sort of .
( One reason it 's not is that I figured out which neighbor it was , and I told him .
He did n't mind . )
But it 's a good example of how traditional definitions do n't always fit in the brave new world .
Was I stealing ?
I was depriving my neighbor of bandwidth .
I was slowing his access .
But what if he was n't online ?
( In fact , he was n't home at the time . )
More importantly , he was leaving his network unsecured , so any PC with a Wi -Fi card in the area would pick it up .
He does n't pay for time on the network , so I 'm not costing him anything .
He was n't using the network then , so I was n't depriving him of anything .
Free WiFi connections are all over , so I was n't depriving an ISP of revenue .
Still , that has n't stopped other people from getting arrested for " stealing " a signal .
Terrible twos
My two - year - old does not quite understand the concept of " do n't scratch your DVDs . "
He 's already ruined a few CDs , but DVDs are more expensive and we 've been good about keeping them out of his ( literally ) grubby hands .
The smart thing to do is make a backup and keep the original safely put away .
This way Sam only risks a 50 - cent disk , not a $ 20 one .
There are a bunch of programs out there for making backups of your DVDs with names like 1 Click DVD Copy , DVD Wizard Pro , and DVD Cloner .
I use one called DVD Decrypter , which I like for two reasons : 1 ) It 's free , and 2 ) it can remove UOPs from the DVD before making a copy .
If you have a DVD player , you 've bumped into UOPs , or " user operation prohibitions . "
They stop you when you try to do something to the DVD you 're not supposed to do .
For example , some of Sam 's disks come from a company that fills the first 10 minutes with commercials for its other products .
The UOPs prohibit you from skipping them .
Can you imagine if you tried to read your child a book but could n't start until you flipped through 20 pages of ads ?
That 's why , when I made a backup of these disks , I also removed the UOPs .
Now Sam can be as rough as he likes and we can skip the commercials , too .
The original is safe , and Sam is spared from yet more advertising .
Is what I did against the law ?
Not yet , but the entertainment industry wants it to be .
Gray area
My father sent me birthday greetings with a card that has a photo of a New York scene of Fort Washington Park with the George Washington Bridge in the background .
I 'm always happy to see scenes of New York , but this one made me stop .
From the angle the shot was taken , you could just see , under the bridge , the Little Red Lighthouse .
" Holy moly ! " I said .
Entirely by accident , he had sent me a card that brought back memories of one of my favorite childhood books .
I scanned the card and sent it to a friend with a note , " Holy moly ! "
Now that card was copyrighted art , yet here I was , scanning it and sending it to someone .
Breaking the law or fair use ?
Obviously , fair use .
I think .
I was n't profiting from it and was n't depriving anyone of anything .
It was in the context of a review .
Had it been a digital image I paid for , however , and not an analog one , that would have been exactly the kind of thing content creators want to prevent .
For now , though , I still have my copyrights — at least to some extent .
( And let 's not forget that the idea of copyright was to protect the rights of content consumers as much as those of creators .
It 's something the entertainment industry has paid Congress to ignore . )
I still can change my car 's oil without a license , permit , or certification .
I can still build a potato cannon and fix my air conditioner .
I can still copy my CDs to my MP3 player and use my TiVo to watch Friday 's Battlestar Galactica again .
But as technology marches on , our laws do n't always march with it .
They 're written by men with agendas that are different than ours — men who do n't understand ( or have the incentive to understand ) what they 're trying to legislate .
So chances are there will come a day when there wo n't be room for men to meddle with technology .
The sad thing is that we 'll think what they do is against the law in the first place .
Andrew Kantor is a technology writer , pundit , and know - it - all who covers technology for the Roanoke Times .
He 's also a former editor for PC Magazine and Internet World .
Read more of his work at kantor.com .
His column appears Fridays on USATODAY.com .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Embracing The Mobile Hacker Ethic
By Carlo Longino
As mobile phones become more powerful and pervasive , it was inevitable that they 'd spawn the same kind of homebrew hacking culture as computers and the Internet .
While the locked - down nature of cell phones and the closemindedness of wireless carriers has stunted that culture 's growth , a few developments are afoot that promise to give a big boost to DIY mobile programming .
Whereas programmers must typically pick up platform - specific skills to develop for mobile , a number of ways for independent and casual developers and even enthusiasts to use skills they 've already got — or can relatively easily learn — to build applications .
Advertisement
First is Nokia 's release of the Python programming language for its Series 60 smartphone environment .
The port of Python is a full implementation with a high degree of portability from the desktop environment , opening mobile development to a whole new class of programmers — which was its primary goal , says Erik Smartt , the program manager of Python for Series 60 .
" By choosing a developer - friendly , easy - to - learn language , Nokia is making it possible for casual developers to tinker with their mobile phones and innovate without the typical investment costs for embedded system development , " he says .
" Bringing a language like Python to Nokia devices changes the rules on who can create applications . "
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
While Series 60's Symbian OS underpinnings allow for pretty robust programming in C++ or Java , Python offers a much simpler way to develop applications with much quicker results , encouraging users to tinker and play around .
" If people are going to innovate , they need to feel comfortable rapidly proofing new ideas and throwing away code when something does n't work , " Smartt says .
" That 's less likely to happen if application development takes months .
With Python for Series 60 , it should be possible to produce a simple proof - of - concept application in an afternoon . "
One such application was a simple " Traffic Cam Proof of Concept " app , that was orginally built in 45 minutes .
It 's since been refined to include traffic cameras from cities all over the globe , all added quite easily — an app for London cams , for instance , was built over somebody 's lunch break .
The traffic camera application was built to demonstrate the rapid development possible with Python in response to the quick development time for a New York City traffic cam viewer that won a developers ' contest for content made in Flash Lite — another tool , like Python , that is mainstreaming mobile development .
Flash Lite is already available on more than 40 handset models in Japan , and can be downloaded for Symbian devices .
It 's also starting to appear on several manufacturers ' devices in Europe and North America as well .
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Flash Lite applications can be built with the same version of Flash MX that 's used to build Web applications , and it includes a variety of templates to facilitate design for different handsets .
One difference between Flash Lite and Python that 's readily apparent is the rich graphics available with Flash .
Python extends the group of potential mobile developers , but Flash Lite also allows designers into the mix .
Advertisement
A quick look at the Flash Lite Exchange , where people can upload their applications , shows some of the different ideas people have had : there 's a lot of slick games and animations , but also a lot of small applications ( think widgets ) that highlight the potential of Flash Lite to become quite pervasive once it's on a lot of handsets .
Python and Flash are just the beginning of mobile companies embracing the hacker ethic to expand the functionality and coolness of their devices .
There are cracks emerging in the standard mobile industry mindset that innovation has to come from the top down as companies realize that by opening development up to as wide a range of developers as possible will they harness the most innovation .
Another example on the horizon is the Nokia 770 internet appliance , which runs an open - source Linux platform called Maemo .
The device is n't even yet available , but quite a community has already rallied around it and generated several applications .
Advertisement
Nokia 770 Internet Appliance Rumors of this have been floating around for a bit but this looks like an interesting departure …
Read more
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
There 's been a fairly seismic shift of semantics , if nothing else , over the last few years where " hacker " has dropped a lot of its negative connotations , and companies are looking to take advantage of people 's capacity to use devices in new and unimagined ways .
As Nokia 's Smartt puts it , " If you can make a device that 's fun to hack on , people will .
And the more people tinker with a device and produce killer applications , the more the value of the device increases to people who own it . "
Carlo Longino is a writer and analyst that follows the mobile industry .
He 's co-editor of MobHappy , and also an analyst for Techdirt .
He can be reached at carlo@mobhappy.com .
Advertisement
Resources :
Python for Series 60
Macromedia Flash Lite
Nokia 770
maemo.org
AS A pupil at a minor English boarding school , one of the rituals your correspondent dreaded most was morning chapel : 600 boys and a dozen berobed “ masters ” crammed into a cold , dim chamber for ten minutes of dreary hymns and prayers .
Until , that is , one morning , the solemn atmosphere was shattered by an unforgettable act of comic bravado .
Seconds after the headmaster — known as the Head Horse on account of his equine features — took his seat , a giant white sheet rolled down over the arched entrance .
On it was a caricature of a grinning horse wearing a mortar - board .
Lord , how we laughed .
The perpetrators ' identities did not stay secret for long — what schoolboy could resist boasting of such a jape ?
The rolled - up sheet had been held in place by thread that was tied to the switch for the headmaster 's reading light so tautly that when he turned it on , the thread snapped and the caricature was unfurled .
The Head Horse had been forced to humiliate himself .
Even he had to admit it was ingenious .
Abbie Hoffman , a 1960s radical - cum - trickster , said most pranks fell into one of three categories : “ good ” pranks were amusingly satirical , “ bad ” ones gratuitously vindictive , and “ neutral ” ones surreal and soft on the victim ( if there was one ) .
An example of the first is the time Mr Hoffman and his fellow “ Yippies ” showered the floor of the New York Stock Exchange with dollar bills in 1967 , thereby managing to stop the tickertape for six minutes while traders scrambled to pick up the notes .
For a taste of the second , go to any college fraternity initiation .
Examples of the third are many and delicious .
A master of the art in the early 20th century was Horace de Vere Cole , an inveterate British prankster .
Cole bore a striking resemblance to the then leader of the Labour Party , Ramsay MacDonald , and one of his favourite japes was to appear at Labour rallies posing as MacDonald , stride on stage to rapturous applause , and denounce everything the party stood for .
Priceless or puerile ?
There 's the rub , for one man 's brilliant prank is another 's mindless stunt .
Most would agree that the best pranks offer more than just deception , mischievousness or ridicule , and that much of the genre dished up on television now — the mutant progeny of shows like “ Candid Camera ” — falls well short of the mark .
But what is that special ingredient ?
Elaborateness or simplicity ?
Satirical bite or surrealism ?
Irony or bluntness ?
Even dictionaries seem unsure how to define “ prank ” ( orig. unk . ) : it is , by turns , a malicious trick , a conjuring act performed to deceive or surprise , a mischievous frolic , and more .
Homeric humour
If the prank is one of the more elusive arrows in the comedic quiver , it is also one of the oldest .
The Homeric world is full of them .
Hermes , for instance , was “ full of tricks — a bringer of dreams ” .
He played his first when only a day old , stealing a herd of cattle belonging to his brother , Apollo , and driving them into a cave backwards to suggest that they had left instead of entered .
So beguiling were his tricks that Zeus “ laughed out loud to see his mischievous child ” .
Pranks were a feature of ancient seasonal festivals .
During Saturnalia , a Roman winter celebration , participants would dance , drink and play jokes on each other ; slaves pretended to rule their masters , and a mock king , the Lord of Misrule , reigned for a day .
Later , court jesters took advantage of a similar inversion of roles , playing tricks on kings and courtiers .
Medieval magicians and tricksters had their own bible , the 14th century “ Secretum Philosophorum ” ( which taught , for instance , how to turn water into wine by soaking pieces of bread in dark wine , drying them in the sun , and dropping them into the jug when no one was looking ) .
The best pranks have always blurred the lines between legality and illegality , good and bad taste , right and wrong conduct .
Festivals like Saturnalia appeared to undermine the social order , but paradoxically helped to reaffirm it , by allowing people to act out their frustrations in a harmless way .
The nearest thing to this today is April Fool 's Day — “ the day we remember what we are the other 364 days of the year , ” as Mark Twain gently put it — though the best April 1st jokes tend to be media hoaxes , rather than traditional pranks .
A classic of the genre is a 1957 BBC “ documentary ” on Swiss spaghetti farmers .
Many British viewers asked where they could buy pasta trees .
Some of the best April Fool 's stunts are those that send up national characteristics .
To prove the point that Germans who break even minor rules struggle with their guilt , a few years back a newspaper in Tübingen announced a new experiment by the traffic authorities .
Local drivers who had knowingly exceeded the speed limit in recent days were to turn themselves in , pay a fine and take lessons in safe driving .
More than 60 sinners obliged .
Sportive students
For the most impressively elaborate pranks , however , go to a university campus .
Take thousands of bright young things with too much time on their hands , itching to achieve , amuse and misbehave , and splendid acts of delinquency will follow .
The best colleges strive to out - prank one another .
Students at Yale scored a big victory during last year 's football match against Harvard when they passed out pieces of paper to thousands of fans on the Harvard side of the stadium .
The fans were told that , when held up , the bits would spell “ Go Harvard ” .
In fact they spelled something else ( see photo that opened this article ) .
At Harvard 's neighbour , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , “ hacks ” , as the MIT crowd calls them , are more serious .
So serious , in fact , that in 2003 the institute 's best hacks were assembled in a 178 - page book , “ Nightwork ” .
The pranks at MIT tend to be feats of engineering .
They are positively encouraged , because they teach students to work in teams , solve complex problems and , sometimes , get a message across .
Mr Peterson 's book includes an 11 - point code for pranksters : leave no damage , do not steal , do not drop things off a building without a ground crew , and so on .
In Cambridge , Massachusetts , at least , student pranks have become an establishment activity .
Getty Images
But the scene of what many consider the best - ever engineering prank was that other academic Cambridge , in England , where , one morning in 1958 , the town awoke to see an Austin Seven van on top of the Senate House building .
After weeks of preparation , a group of mechanical - sciences undergraduates had pushed the van , wheelbarrow - like , minus its doors and back wheels , into place , then hoisted it using a derrick of five 24 - foot scaffolding poles , 250 feet of steel wire , 200 feet of hemp rope , pulley blocks and hooks , planks , and even sacking to protect the building .
Once the vehicle had been dragged to the top of the sloping roof , the doors and wheels were re-fitted .
The world 's media rightly applauded the prank .
It was breathtakingly ambitious , requiring both brains and brawn in prodigious quantities ; the planning was meticulous ( the dozen or so students involved were split into sub-teams , including one comprising two pretty females to distract curious passers - by ) ; and it created a spectacularly surreal sight that could be seen across town .
The perpetrators were particularly pleased that what took them under three hours to do took the Civil Defence Force four days to undo .
The dean of the college from which the prank was launched sent the ringleader a case of champagne .
While students generally prank for fun or pride , another breed does it for political ends .
Anti-corporate pranking took off in the 1960s , as giant corporations began to be feared as much as nuclear weapons .
Hoffman 's Yippies blazed the trail , engaging in playful political theatre against big business as well as politicians .
Their modern - day heirs are the likes of RTMARK and the Yes Men. RTMARK is a sort of online brokerage bringing together “ investors ” who give time and money for anti-corporate stunts .
The Yes Men fancy themselves as satirical guerrillas .
A favoured tactic is to pose as spokesmen for big companies : one Yes Man infiltrated a banking conference , at which he unveiled an “ Acceptable Risk Calculator ” that helped companies to work out the point at which deaths linked to their products began cutting into their profits .
Several delegates asked for more information .
Another popular target of such groups is the media .
To many , the master media - hoaxer is Alan Abel , who over the years has passed himself off as Howard Hughes , faked his own death ( the New York Times published an obituary ) and , when Idi Amin was on the run from Uganda , lured the press into covering a wedding ceremony in which the former dictator apparently married an American woman to secure citizenship .
Mr Abel 's tip : strut your stuff on Sundays , when the gullible , junior reporters are on duty .
To some , pranking is a bit like drugs — good fun when you 're young , but not something respectable adults do .
Mr Abel , now in his 70s , belongs to a rare breed that considers it a lifetime 's work .
That his like are rare is perhaps for the best .
When serious grown - ups try their hand at pranks , the result is often ham - fisted .
Corporate bosses are a case in point .
In the go - go 1990s , larks became de rigueur in the executive suite .
There has been less of this since boom turned to bust , though at a few firms , such as Sun Microsystems , “ pranking the boss ” is still ingrained .
“ It encourages employees to be innovative , ” a Sun spokeswoman earnestly explains .
Occasionally , a big corporation gets it just right .
In 1996 , Taco Bell Corporation of America announced it had bought the Liberty Bell from the federal government and was renaming it the Taco Liberty Bell .
Cue outrage across the country .
These days , the medium of choice for many tricksters is the internet .
Spoof websites and bogus e-mails proliferate , and a cottage industry offers downloadable prank phone calls and the like .
While the web has democratised the art , it has diluted it .
Most of the stuff is crude — the online equivalent of the whoopee cushion .
The Prank Institute , an online community “ dedicated to the pranking sciences ” , has logged tens of thousands of decidedly variable quality .
A glorious exception is the site that offers “ bonsai kittens ” , reared in small jars , which outrages animal - lovers .
Ranking the pranking
Perhaps it was ever thus : many having a go , few producing anything genuinely funny and admirable .
After all , nobody likes to think they have no jocular streak .
Even Adolf
Hitler claimed to have been a prankster in his youth .
If so , he lost it spectacularly .
With that warning in mind , we invite readers to nominate their contender for the finest prank in history , explaining in 750 words why it deserves the title , to reach us by January 20th .
The three best entries will be announced in February and published on Economist.com .
Entries , please , to pranks@economist.com .
What do you see in this image ?
You saw a couple in an intimate pose , right ?
Interestingly , research has shown that young children cannot identify the intimate couple because they do not have prior memory associated with such a scenario .
What they WILL see , however , is the nine dolphins in the picture !
So , I guess we 've already proven you 're not a young innocent child ... now ...
If it 's hard for you to find the dolphins within 6 seconds , your mind is indeed corrupted and you may
need help
Google is the only multi-billion - dollar company in the world that is also a spelling mistake .
Back in the palaeolithic era ( that 's the palaeolithic era in the internet sense , ie autumn 1997 ) , its co-founders , Larry Page and Sergey Brin , were graduate computer science students at Stanford .
They were working on an insanely cool new search engine , wanted to incorporate it as a company , and needed to find a name .
David Vise , in his breezy book The Google Story , tells how they came up with one .
A fellow graduate student suggested to Page and Brin that they use the name given to what is sometimes , erroneously or metaphorically , called the largest number , 10100 : google .
They looked up the name on the internet , found that it was n't taken , and registered their brand - new brand , google.com .
The next morning they found that the reason the name had n't been taken was because it should be spelled googol - and that googol.com had , of course , already been bagged .
Lesser men might have considered that a bad omen , but Page and Brin are not bad - omen kind of guys .
A little more than eight years later , Google is the fastest - growing company in the history of the world - with , at the time of writing , a market capitalisation of $ 129bn .
Page and Brin , the Wallace and Gromit of the information age , are worth more than $ 10 bn each .
Companies are a bit like people in that they tend to bear the imprint of the milieu in which they were formed .
Google , spelling mistake and all , is a product of the intensely academic environment in which both Page and Brin were raised .
Page was born in Michigan , Brin in Russia , but apart from that their backgrounds were eerily alike : ethnically but not religiously Jewish , educated in Montessori schools , their fathers both university professors of science , their mothers both also supernumerate .
Brin was 16 when he began taking classes at the University of Maryland , and 19 when he graduated .
He went to Stanford to begin work on his PhD .
Page , who had done his first degree at the University of Michigan , went there a year later to have a look at the computer science PhD programme .
On a Stanford orientation day in 1995 , looking around San Francisco , Page began arguing with the tour guide , a second - year PhD student whose opinionated obnoxiousness so closely resembled his own .
You have seen enough buddy movies to know what happened next .
The key idea that underlies Google could occur only to someone thoroughly marinated in academic ways of thinking .
John Battelle , an internet - world insider and search - engine specialist , gives a fascinating account of it in his indispensable book The Search .
Page was fooling around at Stanford , trying to come up with an idea for his PhD thesis .
He had always been interested in Nikola Tesla , a scientist whose list of brilliant inventions was not matched by the success he had in marketing them , or himself .
Page had no interest in hiding his light under a bushel .
He began to think about his own web page , and whether or not anyone was not just reading it but linking to it - which would definitely be an indication of a more than casual interest .
So Page wrote a program that found out who was linking to any given web page .
He called the program BackRub .
Once BackRub had been written , Page began to wonder if there was a way of using it to determine the utility of any particular site , and this is when he - or he and Brin - had a big idea .
It was based on one of the most widely mocked areas in academia , that of bibliometrics : assessing the importance of any given article or piece of information purely by measuring how often other people in the field mention it .
This never - mind - the - quality - feel - the - width approach sounds like a ridiculous way of assessing the importance of intellectual work but it is , I am told , a surprisingly powerful tool .
In any case , it is what gave Page and Brin the idea for a program that measured the importance of a web page by counting how often other web pages linked to it .
Page gave the mathematical algorithm that worked out this problem the name PageRank .
Then the boys set out to build a search engine that used PageRank .
( The patent for PageRank , incidentally , is owned by Stanford University .
Google have exclusive use of it until 2011 . )
The idea was that a search engine that knew how important a page was would have a powerful advantage in assessing the quality of the information on that page .
The ' crawler ' : how it works
As for how it works in practice , the first thing to realise is that Google does not search the internet .
If it did , the internet would grind to a halt under the strain of all the searching taking place , because Google alone makes upwards of 100 million searches every day .
Instead , the program searches a copy of the internet stored on its own computers .
It sends out a " crawler " that downloads copies of internet pages .
A full circuit of all the web pages in the world takes roughly a month , which is why the information on Google is often a few days old ; the most recent snapshot of the page copied back to the Googleplex is available as the " Cached " link on any given Google result .
Next , Google makes an index of every word on a web page , where it stands in relation to other words , whether or not a word is listed in a title , whether it is listed in a special typeface , how frequently it is listed on the page and so on .
It also gives a lot of importance to the PageRank of the page in question .
There are more than 100 of these criteria , and Google gives a numeric weight to every one of them , for every searchable term on every one of eight billion web pages .
When a query arrives - which it does at the rate of many times every second - Google searches the index for the relevant terms , measures the relevance using all its various metrics , crunches out a single number for each page , and lists them , with the highest score at the top , usually within half a second or so .
Even if you did n't know a thing about computers , you could tell this involved a truly scary amount of computational power .
When the program was first conceived , Page thought he would be able to download an entire copy of the internet to his own PC .
That turned out not to be the case : Page and Brin ended up having to scrounge , cadge , rustle up and " borrow " every scrap of computational power they could find at Stanford to gather the necessary data .
What they learned in the process became one of their great strengths .
Google does not run on huge , expensive mainframe computers but on a very large number of bog- standard , over - the - counter PCs .
The PCs are tweaked and cabled together in particular ways and run a customised , stripped - down version of Linux .
When a PC breaks , they chuck it away and replace it .
Nobody knows just how many of these PCs Google has .
John Hennessy , the president of Stanford and a Google board member , says that it is " the largest computer system in the world " - Vise puts the figure at more than 100,000 PCs .
Its main problem these days is the heat generated by all those silicon chips .
The boys took the company public in 2004 , leaving it as late as they could , this being one of the many ways in which Google diverged from the Silicon Valley norm during the long - lost boom .
The general pattern during the internet gold rush was to launch a company as early as possible and hope that investors bought the shares before the company ran out of cash .
That was because most dotcoms had no money ; their business model involved truly spectacular revenue projections , set some distance in the future .
Small ads , big business
Google 's route was superficially similar .
It concentrated on making its search technology the best .
Traffic to the site grew at great speed , all without a cent spent on marketing .
The company had as yet no business model ; as one of its directors said : " We 'll figure out how to monetise that . "
This was exactly the thinking that cost so many people so much money .
The difference was that Google managed to do it , and they did so by building a huge business in the most nickel - and - dime way imaginable : through small ads .
Next time you do a search on Google , have a look at the " sponsored links " on the right of the results .
These are paid advertisements .
The ads have been bid for by people who bid for specific words , or combinations of words : 75 c ( 41 p ) for " digital camera " , to take an example from The Google Story , but $ 1.08 for " digital cameras " ( because people who click on the plural are actually more likely to buy them ) , or $ 30 for " mesothelioma " ( because the people who place the ads are personal injury lawyers looking for clients who want to sue whoever it was they think gave them this particular cancer ) .
If you click on one of the links , the advertiser pays Google the agreed amount .
The success of Ad Words ( as it is called ) is the reason Google , instead of rushing to the stock market as quickly as possible like everyone else did , took as long as they could to go public .
They knew that as soon as their revenue figures were disclosed , everyone would go nuts , and their competitors would begin knocking themselves out to get into this amazing new business of search - plus-ads .
Their secret was the opposite secret from every other internet start - up : they were already making a tonne of money .
They have continued to do so .
Google in the six months to June 30 2005 earned $ 2.6bn , almost entirely from its ads .
It was sitting on more than $ 3bn and had no borrowings , and it has since raised another $ 4bn in cash .
This sheer financial muscle is the reason Google is now such a power in the world .
The financial success of Google since its IPO means that the limits on what Page and Brin can do are set not by what they can afford but by what they can conceive and bring off .
The stated mission of Google is " to organise the world 's information and make it universally accessible and useful " , an immodest project to put it mildly , but one on which Google is at least in a position to make a decent start .
But the company 's philosophy is to give bright people a free rein to attack the problems that interest them , and 20 % of employees ' time is devoted to pet projects of their own devising .
This means that the company is constantly coming up with new schemes and wheezes , which tend , at the least , to be interesting ideas .
It also means that barely a day goes by without a news story touching on Google in some respect or other .
Since I began writing this piece Google has been in the headlines several times : for governments ' complaints about the spy - friendly - potential of the all - too - detailed satellite maps in Google Earth ; for a new feature called Music Search , which does what it says on the tin ; for announcing a plan to take a 5 % stake in AOL ; for being vulnerable to " black hat " tactics from Search Engine Optimisers , who specialise in boosting Google results ; for hugely expanding its nascent Google Video service ; for a dispute with the US government over data ; and for this week 's rollout of a restricted Google site to China .
The media are obsessed with Google , not least because they are so worried by it .
( The general consensus is that Google , having once been seen as a technology company , should instead be regarded as a media company .
You may not think it matters , but money people like to see things through the prism of a " business model " . )
Other recent stories have concerned the company launching Google Talk as a potentially disruptive way of making free phone calls over the internet , pressing on with its ambitions for Google Book Search ( formerly Google Print ) to " make the full text of all the world 's books searchable by anyone " , and launching Google Base to take over the world 's classified advertising market .
In the meantime , the company has launched a Toolbar , including a Desktop Search tool that searches for information on users ' own PCs - something Microsoft , the world 's biggest software company , has been trying and failing to do for a number of years .
What scares people about this is the feeling that Google has a masterplan , and that it is advancing towards world information and financial dominance .
It is n't clear that that 's right , though .
My sense is that Google advances more by letting its engineers invent things and solve problems one at a time , and that as long as the problem being solved broadly fits with the overall mission statement , it will go ahead with it .
Some of these stabs seem well thought out , others less so .
At the same time the core focus on search stays .
People who work in the field say that search is only 5 % " solved " , and that the huge amount of information located on the internet , but ( for a variety of reasons ) unavailable to searches , remains an enormously difficult problem to solve .
It seems likely that this focus will give the company plenty to chew on for many years .
A tool for everything
So : is Google a good thing ?
It certainly has made finding information incomparably easier .
Google Scholar , which searches academic papers , is very useful , and will become more so .
The powerful calculator feature , which will do advanced maths as well as highly practical things such as converting square feet into metres , is useful .
Google News , which was invented by an engineer , Krishna Bharat , using his 20 % time to come up with a broadly global news service in the wake of 9/11 , is useful , and terrifies conventional news organisations .
The translation service is n't useful yet , but I bet it will be one day .
The command " define " is a useful , quick way of finding what a word means .
The blog search is fairly handy and will get better .
Google Earth is n't particularly useful , but it is brutally cool : you begin with a satellite view and gradually descend to earth , homing in with a level of detail that can give you a view of your own house ( also , it turns out , of secret military installations ) .
Gmail , with its super - swift searching and 2GB of free space , is amazing , if you do n't mind the fact that your email is scanned and used to target ads ( and stored indefinitely ) .
Google Maps is useful , and , because Google lets people adapt its programs in ways they find personally helpful , will grow more and more useful over time .
Froogle , the shopping search service , is sort of useful , and has a feature that chills the blood of conventional retailers : when you 're out in the high street and see something you want to buy , you can text it and Froogle will text back the best price it can find online .
Also cool is Google Zeitgeist , which tells you which search terms have most increased in frequency in the past year .
For 2005 the top five items are Myspace , Ares , Baidu , Wikipedia and Orkut - all of which , I notice in my trendspotting hat , involve some sort of sharing , searching , meeting or collaborating online .
Technologically , Google is an amazing thing .
As for whether it is a good thing , that depends on what happens next .
The company is keen to stress that , because of the voting structure of its shareholdings , it remains in the control of its founders .
It is keen to send little signals of its own geekiness : its official IPO filing , for instance , announced that it would sell $ 2,718,281,828 worth of shares - a number based on " e " , the so - called natural logarithm , a number intimately familiar to maths nerds .
But this strength of the firm - its rootedness in grad student nerd culture - is also a weakness , in the form of a certain arrogance and unwillingness to pay attention to views emanating from lesser forms of life .
The example of this currently preoccupying the publishing business is Google Book Search , the plan to scan all the world 's books and have them available for search .
This sounds ambitious , to put it mildly , but Google has the resources and the determination to do it .
It is digitising millions of books at the universities of Michigan , Stanford and Oxford , and has already begun providing access to the out - of - copyright volumes .
Google began to digitise currently copyrighted books in America until it was stopped by a lawsuit from the American Association of Publishers .
A fundamental clash of cultures is at work here .
To Google , it is obvious that books , which contain so much information , must be searchable online .
The plan is not simply to give the books away : although the whole book will be scanned and stored , only specific fragments of text will be displayed .
It will be the best shop window ever for obscure texts .
But to publishers , there is something outrageously hypocritical about the contrast between Google 's ferocious protection of its own intellectual property rights and its contempt for everyone else 's .
What 's to stop Google giving free online access to the books once they are scanned ?
At the moment Google says it has no intention of providing access to this content ; but why should anybody believe it ?
China : a risky venture
This is one reason why Google 's activities in China have the potential to be such a disaster for the company .
The story which broke yesterday - that Google 's new Chinese internet servers will cooperate with government censorship - was no surprise to people with an interest in the subject .
For one thing , Google has been cooperating with Chinese censorship of its news service since 2004 ; for another , Google has , since last June , been part - owner of Baidu , China 's biggest search engine , which is , famously , lavishly compliant with the censors .
But these facts were n't widely known , and Google had still , to a remarkable extent , retained the public aura it claimed by adopting the motto : " Do n't be evil . "
If people start to think that it 's real motto is , " Do n't be evil except when there 's serious money in it , " they will see Google differently , and trust it less - and Google badly needs people to trust it .
That is partly because the biggest area of concern about Google involves privacy .
An op - ed piece in the New York Times in November brought to wider notice the fact that Google logs all the searches made on it and stores this information indefinitely ; and Google installs a cookie on the computer of everyone who uses it , which helps log that user 's searches .
Because every computer has a unique IP address , every visit to every website can be traced back to the computer making it - a fact which is well known in geek circles but remarkably under - publicised outside them .
Users of Google 's Gmail service , who have their emails scanned to place targeted ads , have already given the company their identity , a full record of all their searches , and copies of all their emails , stored indefinitely .
It is over the issue of money - making that the question of privacy will bite .
So far , everyone who has invested in Google has made out like the proverbial bandit ; but one day the share price will drop , and people who 've bought shares will find that they 've lost money .
It is then that Google 's leaders will come under pressure to find some uses for that unprecedented goldmine of personal data .
Google is belatedly waking up to the touchiness of all this .
That 's why the company reacted more firmly than its competitors in August when , it emerged last week , the US Department of Justice subpoenaed the company for a list of every website address available on Google and every search term entered into Google for June and July last year - a request later narrowed to a random list of a million websites , and all the urls available in a given week .
The US government was looking to assess the prevalence on the internet of " HTM " : this acronym means " Harmful to Minor " , meaning pornography that children can accidentally access over the internet .
The US government in 1998 passed a law on how this material should be blocked ; in 2004 the Supreme Court overturned the law on the basis that a system of filters should be used instead ; this subpoena was part of an attempt to show that the filters do n't work .
It turned out that AOL , Microsoft and Yahoo ! had all already complied with similar requests .
To many , this seemed the privacy apocalypse campaigners have long feared .
It is n't , since the DoJ subpoena specifically omits information that would identify who is doing the searching .
But it is an incredibly worrying sign , not least because it shows the way governments might come to use search engines as a form of privatised surveillance .
In the post - Google world , the risk is that governments wo n't need to spy on us themselves : they can let the search engines gather the data and then slap a subpoena on them to suck up all the information they want .
The news about the DoJ subpoena caused Google 's share price to drop 8.5 % in one day , and the company is now worth $ 20 bn less than it was when I wrote the first paragraph of this piece ; which is the stock market 's way of saying that the more people think about their privacy , the worse news it is for Google .
Possibly , just possibly , there is a glimmer of hope in the prospect that Google will realise it has to protect users ' privacy in order to protect its own share price .
But the contest between governments , search engines and users ' privacy has barely begun .
Google is cool .
But Google also has the potential to destroy the publishing industry , the newspaper business , high street retailing and our privacy .
Not that it will necessarily do any of these things , but for the first time , considered soberly , these things are technologically possible .
The company is rich and determined and is not going away any time soon .
It knows what it is doing technologically ; socially , though , it can't possibly know , and I do n't think anyone else can either .
The best historical analogy for where Google is today probably comes from the time when the railroads were being built .
Everyone knew that trains and railways would change the world , but no one predicted the invention of suburbs .
Google , and the increased flow of information on which it rides and from which it benefits , is the railway .
I do n't think we 've yet seen the first suburbs
· This is an edited version of an article that appears in the current issue of the London Review of Books ( lrb.co.uk )
Zubehör - Spezialist Belkin bietet in Kürze den TuneCast II an , einen FM - Transmitter , über den man ein beliebiges Audio - Signal über einen 3,5 - mm - Klinkenstecker per UKW - Funk an einen Radioempfänger im Nahbereich übertragen kann .
Bisher waren entsprechende Geräte nur als Grauimporte aus Drittländern erhältlich , durch eine von der Bundesnetzagentur umgesetzte neue Richtlinie der CEPT ( European Conference of Postal and Telecommunications Administrations ) ist das Aussenden von schwachen Radiosignalen für Band - II - Low - Power - Geräte ab sofort auch in Deutschland erlaubt .
Die Sendefrequenz des TuneCast II ist im Bereich von 88,1 bis 107,9 MHz frei einstellbar .
Das batteriebetriebene
Gerät speichert bis zu vier Sendefrequenzen .
Der Transmitter soll ab Mai zum Preis von 40 Euro im Fachhandel erhältlich sein .
( sha )
Exporters of oil are saving more of their recent windfall than in previous price booms .
It 's hard to spot where the money is going
MANY American politicians and pundits explain their country 's enormous current - account deficit by pointing at the surpluses of Asian economies , especially China .
Undervalued currencies and unfairly cheap labour , they complain , have undermined America 's competitiveness .
In fact , looking at the world as a whole , the group of countries with the biggest current - account surpluses is no longer Asia but oil exporters , on which high prices have bestowed a gigantic windfall .
This year , oil exporters could haul in $ 700 billion from selling oil to foreigners .
This includes not only the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) but also Russia and Norway , the world 's second - and third - biggest earners ( see chart 1 below ) .
The International Monetary Fund estimates that oil exporters ' current - account surplus could reach $ 400 billion , more than four times as much as in 2002 .
In real terms , this is almost double their dollar surpluses in 1974 and 1980 , after the twin oil - price shocks of the 1970s — when Russia 's hard - currency exports were tiny .
The combined current - account surplus of China and other Asian emerging economies is put at only $ 188 billion this year ( see chart 2 below ) .
Relative to their economies , the oil producers ' current - account surpluses are far bigger than China's .
Whereas the IMF forecasts China 's surplus to be about 6 % of GDP this year , it predicts Saudi Arabia 's — not much different in money terms , at just over $ 100 billion this year — to be a whopping 32 % .
On average , Middle East oil exporters are expected to have an average surplus of 25 % of GDP .
Russia might record 13 % and Norway 18 % .
The rise in oil prices represents a big redistribution of income from those who buy oil to those who produce it .
Past periods of high prices have not lasted long , but this time oil producers ' extra revenues might prove to be more durable .
The futures market expects oil to stay expensive , even though the price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate , an industry benchmark , recently slipped back to around $ 60 .
An enviable choice
What will happen to all these petrodollars ?
In essence , they can be either spent or saved .
Either way , a lot of the money can be recycled to oil - consuming economies and thus soften the impact on them of higher oil prices .
If oil exporters spend their bonanza , they import more from other countries and thus help to maintain global demand .
They are unlikely to spend the lot , however , because they tend to have higher saving rates than oil consumers : saving is around 40 % of GDP in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) and Kuwait , for instance .
A transfer of income from oil consumers to oil producers will therefore lead to a slowdown in global demand .
If they save their windfall , but invest it in global capital markets , they can finance oil importers ' bigger current - account deficits — in effect , lending the increase in fuel bills back to consumers .
And by increasing the demand for foreign financial assets , they can boost asset prices and push down bond yields in oil - importing countries .
This in turn can help to support economic activity in these economies .
Experience shows that oil booms can be a blessing or a curse for producing economies , depending on how wisely the extra revenue is spent or saved .
Too often , past windfalls have been celebrated with budgetary blow - outs , while the abundance of money has encouraged the postponement of economic reforms .
This time , however , oil exporters seem to be spending less , instead running larger external surpluses , repaying debts and building up assets .
In 1973 - 76 , 60 % of the increase in OPEC 's export revenues was spent on imports of goods and services .
In 1978 - 81 , the proportion rose to 75 % .
But the IMF estimates that only 40 % of the windfall in the three years to 2005 will have been spent .
In Russia , the government has taken the sensible step of setting up an oil stabilisation fund , which will be used to reduce its large foreign debt .
That said , the country has been more eager than members of OPEC to spend its extra money .
Around two - thirds of the increase in Russia 's export revenues since 2002 has gone on imports .
Some analysts also suspect that the government may yet raid the stabilisation fund for a spending spree .
The main concern , however , is that while the economy is flush with cash important structural reforms will be postponed .
In most of the Middle East , governments are being more cautious than usual with their extra revenue .
Mohsin Khan , the director of the IMF 's Middle East and Central Asia department , reckons that most governments in the region are budgeting on an oil price of only $ 30 - 40 a barrel for next year .
He estimates that governments have on average spent only 30 % of their extra oil revenue since 2002 , compared with 75 % in the 1970s and early 1980s , after previous steep climbs in the oil price .
Their average budget surplus has increased from 2 % of GDP in 2002 to nearly 15 % this year .
Lessons learned , perhaps too well
Oil - exporting governments seem to have taken to heart the lessons of the 1970s and 1980s .
First : do n't assume that oil prices will stay high for ever : in real terms , OPEC 's annual average oil revenue in 1981 - 2000 was only one - third of that in 1980 .
Second , do n't waste your windfall .
In previous booms , oil - producing countries gaily spent their petrodollars on lavish construction projects that required imported equipment and skilled foreign workers , but did little to create local jobs or to diversify economies .
In its recently published Regional Economic Outlook for the Middle East and Central Asia , the IMF advises governments to give priority to spending that will have a more lasting impact on growth and living standards .
In fact , believes Mr Khan , Middle East oil exporters have greater capacity to spend petrodollars at home than in the 1970s and 1980s , because their populations have been rising rapidly and because their infrastructure needs upgrading after many years of dwindling government revenues .
High unemployment means that there is social pressure for more spending on education and health , and for schemes to encourage private - sector employment .
Saudi Arabia , with one of the world 's fastest growing populations , has an unemployment rate of perhaps 20 % .
After nearly two decades of large budget deficits , the government 's debt was 100 % of GDP by 2000 .
Even this year , Saudi Arabia 's oil revenues per head will be about 70 % less in real terms than in 1980 , owing in part to a near tripling of its population .
It is using some of its extra money to repay debt , and the government has recently raised civil servants ' pay by 15 % — the first across - the - board increase in more than 20 years .
As well as spending more on health , education and infrastructure , the Middle East also needs to invest in oil production and refining capacity , to ease future supply shortages and so stabilise prices .
The International Energy Agency gave warning this week that oil prices will keep rising over the next two decades unless the region 's producers invest substantially more than they currently intend .
The IMF is also — unusually — encouraging these economies to be less thrifty .
Increased spending will not only , through diversification , allow Middle East countries to support their future economic development , but by boosting imports from the rest of the world it will also allow a more orderly narrowing of global imbalances .
This should help to cushion the world economy against the negative impact of rising oil prices .
So far most of the extra money is being saved , not spent , so where is it going ?
In the 1970s and early 1980s surplus petrodollars were largely deposited in banks in America or Europe .
These banks then lent too many of them to oil - importing developing countries , sowing the seeds of Latin America 's debt crisis .
This time it is proving much harder to track the money , but much more seems to be going into foreign shares and bonds rather than into western banks .
This may reflect a greater reluctance to hold deposits in foreign banks , because of the increase in official scrutiny after the terrorist attacks of September 11th 2001 .
Figures from the Bank for International Settlements ( BIS ) show that in 2002 and 2003 OPEC deposits with banks in the BIS reporting area actually fell .
Since last year , they have increased , but only modestly .
In contrast , Russian bank deposits abroad have risen much more sharply , as have the central bank 's official reserves , from $ 73 billion at the end of 2003 to $ 161 billion this October .
Russian investment , whether in bank deposits , London property or football clubs , is relatively conspicuous .
But even the experts at the IMF and the BIS are finding it hard to track Middle Eastern money , because a large chunk of the surplus is held not as official reserves , but as foreign investment by government oil stabilisation and investment funds and by national oil companies .
Official reserves of Middle East oil exporters ( including the total net foreign assets of the Saudi Arabia Monetary Agency ) have risen by around $ 70 billion this year , accounting for less than 30 % of their current - account surplus .
Follow the money
One puzzle is that , according to data published by America 's Treasury Department , OPEC members ' holdings of American government securities fell from $ 67 billion in January this year to $ 54 billion in August .
But Middle East purchases of American securities are probably being channelled through London .
Mr Khan reckons that although the bulk of OPEC 's surplus revenues has so far gone into dollar - denominated assets , those assets are increasingly held outside the United States .
A big chunk is also going into hedge funds and offshore financial institutions , which are unregulated and so impossible to track .
There has also been a flood of petrodollars into private equity abroad .
In January , Dubai International Capital took a $ 1 billion stake in DaimlerChrysler .
In March , it bought the Tussauds Group , a theme - park firm .
This month , DP World , Dubai 's state - owned ports operator , made a £ 3 billion ( $ 5.2 billion ) bid for P&O , Britain 's biggest ports and ferries group .
Many smaller private investors in the Middle East are keeping their money closer to home .
In the 1970s and early 1980s equity markets barely existed in the Gulf .
This time money has flooded into them .
Share prices in Saudi Arabia have increased fourfold since 2003 , and its bourse now has the largest capitalisation of any emerging stockmarket .
The average price / earnings ratio in the region is over 40 and recent share offerings have been oversubscribed several hundred times .
A spectacular property boom is under way in many places , notably Dubai , which has become a regional financial centre and leisure playground .
The world 's biggest shopping mall is being built there and Emirates , the state 's airline , has virtually underwritten the launch of the Airbus A380 , ordering no fewer than 45 of the super - jumbos , a third of the total ( see article ) .
Despite the lack of hard data , many economists are sure that a big dollop of petrodollars is going into American Treasury securities .
If so , the recycling of money via bond markets could have very different effects on the world economy from the bank - mediated recycling of previous oil booms .
If petrodollars not spent flow into global bond markets , they reduce bond yields and thus support consumer spending in oil - importing countries .
Buy from Europe , lend to America
Indeed , this leads Stephen Jen , an economist at Morgan Stanley , to challenge the popular notion that Europe is being hurt less by higher oil prices than America .
It is certainly true that Europe 's exports to oil producers have risen faster than America 's in recent years .
Europe 's share of OPEC 's imports has climbed to 32 % , compared with America 's 8 % .
A recent report by ABN Amrofinds that while America 's trade deficit with OPEC has grown markedly since 1999 , the European Union 's balance has barely changed ( see chart 3 ) .
On the other hand , around two - thirds of petrodollars are thought to have gone into dollar assets , pushing down American bond yields .
In addition , America 's economy is more sensitive to interest rates than that of the euro zone .
Mr Jen therefore suggests that America may have gained more from lower interest rates than the euro area has from higher exports , especially because OPEC still buys less than 5 % of the currency zone 's exports .
Although higher oil prices have increased America 's current - account deficit , Mr Jen reckons that it probably runs a balance - of - payments surplus in oil , with capital inflows from exporting countries exceeding its net oil import bill .
How might the flow of oil money affect the dollar ?
Because oil is traded in dollars , rising prices initially increase the demand for greenbacks .
But what happens next depends on whether oil producers buy dollar assets or swap their dollars for euros .
Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , the UAE and most other Gulf states peg their currencies to the dollar , which might suggest that , like Asian central banks , they will continue to favour dollars .
But unlike China 's export surpluses , petrodollars are mostly not managed within official reserves , but by oil stabilisation funds and so forth .
These are not subject to the same constraints as central banks to hold liquid assets and their aim is to maximise returns .
This means , says Mr Jen , that oil exporters ' assets are more footloose than those of Asian central banks .
So far , the bulk of petrodollars may have gone into relatively liquid dollar assets , helping to support the greenback this year .
But this money could flit if the dollar starts to slide again .
And there is lots of it : for example , the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority , with assets of maybe $ 250 billion , is one of the wealthiest players in global financial markets .
Russia 's central bank has reduced the share of dollars in its foreign reserves over the past couple of years , but it is still around 65 % .
The central bank has said that it wishes to hold more euros .
The correct solution to global imbalances is for America to save more and for surplus countries , including both the oil exporters and the Asians , to spend more
That leaves the dollar dangerously vulnerable .
But what about the exchange - rate policies of the oil exporters themselves ?
Most oil exporters peg their currencies to the dollar or resist appreciation through heavy intervention , in much the same way as China and other Asian countries have done .
So should America and others demand that oil exporters revalue their currencies , as they have called on the Asians to do ?
In fact , revaluation of oil exporters ' currencies would do little by itself to reduce America 's deficit ( nor , for that matter , would a dearer Chinese yuan ) .
The correct solution to global imbalances is for America to save more and for surplus countries , including both the oil exporters and the Asians , to spend more .
Nevertheless , Brad Setser of Roubini Global Economics , a research firm , argues that oil economies should not peg their currencies to the dollar in any case .
The currencies of commodity producers , he says , should follow commodity prices .
Instead , Middle East oil exporters ' currencies have tracked the dollar — mainly downwards — since 2002 , even as oil revenues have soared .
By raising the relative price of foreign goods , this has discouraged imports .
Equally perversely , economies were hurt in the late 1990s when the dollar rose at the same time as oil prices sank .
By pegging their currencies to the dollar , these economies have in effect had to adopt America 's monetary policy .
With interest rates too low , excess domestic liquidity has stoked inflation and asset prices .
The broad money supply of the Middle East oil exporters has grown by almost 24 % in each of the past two years and the average inflation rate has risen to almost 9 % this year .
To curb inflation , Gulf economies need more flexible exchange rates and monetary policies .
Russia officially operates a “ managed float ” for its exchange rate .
But the rouble 's rate against the dollar has been held relatively steady over the past couple of years by heavy intervention .
Consequent excess liquidity and a boom in domestic consumption have pushed inflation to 12 % .
It does not make sense for a country with a large current - account surplus to tie its currency to that of a country with a large deficit — such as America .
A fully floating exchange rate may not be desirable , because it may be too volatile , but more flexibility could help oil exporters to adjust better to fluctuations in commodity prices .
If oil prices remain high , so will oil exporters ' surpluses .
The IMF forecasts an average annual current - account surplus of $ 470 billion over the next five years ( assuming an average oil price of $ 59 a barrel ) .
The oil exporters will have to play a role in helping to reduce global imbalances .
Importing more and letting their currencies rise , as well as increasing government spending and liberalising their economies , would be steps in the right direction .
The Iraq war continues to damage the US image , the survey says
The survey by the Pew Research Group also found support for US President George W Bush and his " war on terror " had dropped dramatically worldwide .
Goodwill created by US aid for nations hit by the 2004 tsunami had also faded since last year , the survey found .
The survey questioned 17,000 people in 15 countries , including the US .
The latest in a series of annual polls by the Pew Global Attitudes Project interviewed respondents between 31 March and 14 May 2006 .
Its release coincides with a surprise visit by President George W Bush to Baghdad in an effort to shore up support for US policy in the region .
' Fading goodwill '
The latest survey shows the worldwide reputation of the US continues to suffer over its prosecution of the " war on terror " .
Sharp declines in the public perception of the US were particularly apparent in India , Spain and Turkey .
Goodwill towards the US had fallen from 71 % to 56 % in India , from 41 % to 23 % in Spain and from 23 % to 12 % in Turkey .
A majority of people in 10 of the 14 countries outside the US surveyed said the war in Iraq had made the world a more dangerous place .
Some 60 % of people in the UK , which is the US biggest ally , felt the Iraq war had made the world less secure , while 30 % said it had made the world safer .
According to the survey :
Worldwide support for the " war on terror " has remained the same or declined
European confidence in Mr Bush has sunk even lower than it was last year
A majority of people in most countries feel the US will not achieve its goals in the " war on terror "
The survey also found little remaining evidence of the goodwill the US had earned over its aid for victims of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami .
In Indonesia , a major recipient of US tsunami aid , favourable opinions of the US had fallen from 38 % in 2005 to 30 % this year .
" Last year we saw some good news in countries like Russia and India , " Andrew Kohut , director of the Pew Research Centre , told the Associated Press news agency .
" That good news being wiped away is a measure of how difficult a problem this is for the United States . "
Muslim differences
According to the survey , people in the US and Europe have grown increasingly concerned in the last year over Iran 's nuclear programme .
The US has accused Iran of seeking to build a nuclear bomb - but Iran says its nuclear programme has a purely civilian objective .
Almost half of the Americans surveyed , 46 % , viewed the current government in Iran as a " great danger " to stability in the Middle East and to world peace - a figure that has risen from 26 % in 2003 .
In Germany , Spain , France and the UK , the percentage of people who regard Iran as a great danger is roughly three times greater than it was three years ago .
However , the poll showed public opinion in predominantly Muslim countries was far less troubled by Tehran 's nuclear programme .
Muslim people also appeared less concerned than Europeans and Americans by the victory of the Hamas militant group in Palestinian elections earlier this year .
The survey found concern over bird flu was largely confined to Asia , while two - thirds of people surveyed in each country said they were worried by global warming .
Concern over the greenhouse effect was highest in India and Japan and lowest in the US and China .
The survey interviewed people in China , Egypt , France , Germany , Great Britain , India , Indonesia , Japan , Jordan , Nigeria , Pakistan , Russia , Spain , Turkey and the US .
Its margin of error was two to six percentage points .
Following is an alphabetically sorted list of popular Web 2.0 applications .
The description for each of the application is taken from their own About or FAQ pages .
43 Things
43 Things is great for making a list of goals .
It ’s a way of connecting with other enthusiasts interested in everything from watching a space shuttle launch to grow my own vegetables .
Allmydata
Allmydata harnesses the power of grid storage technology to securely store your email , photos , music , movies and more .
Backpack
Make a page out of an idea .
Then add free - form text , to - dos , notes , photos , files .
Share pages with other people .
Set email and mobile phone reminders so you do n't forget .
Basecamp
Basecamp is a unique project collaboration tool .
Projects do n't fail from a lack of charts , graphs , or reports , they fail from a lack of communication and collaboration .
Basecamp makes it simple to communicate and collaborate on projects .
BlinkList
Import and manage Your Bookmarks - in the Blink of an Eye. Create Watch lists to See What Your Friends Are Discovering Online .
Follow the Wisdom of Crowds and Discover What 's Hot Now .
Blogniscient
We categorize and rank blog articles and blogs in real time , providing up - to - date information on the hottest blog entries .
CalendarHub
Create a Calendar That You Can Access from Anywhere .
Keep it private , share it with others or publish it on the Web
Central Desktop
Central Desktop is ideal for teams and businesses that operate in distributed locations or virtual office environments .
clipmarks
Clip and save just the stuff you want from any web page .
Create your personal online collection of clipmarks .
Tag them with keywords , add your own comments and share them with friends .
Search the Public Clipmarks to see what 's being clipped and who is clipping it .
Democracy 2.0
Democracy 2.0 is a political science research project dedicated to effecting Pervasive Democracy and direct , nonpartisan resolution of community issues in U.S. states and localities .
Digg
Digg is a technology news website that combines social bookmarking , blogging , RSS , and non-hierarchical editorial control .
With digg , users submit stories for review , but rather than allow an editor to decide which stories go on the homepage , the users do .
del.icio.us
del.icio.us is a collection of favorites - yours and everyone else 's .
Use del.icio.us to keep links , share favorites with friends , family , and colleagues , discover new things .
Findory
Our personalization technology builds a homepage for each reader , recommending content based on what they 've read and what new content is being published .
We crawl through thousands of news and blogs articles so you do n't have to .
Flickr
Flickr - almost certainly the best online photo management and sharing application in the world - has two main goals : 1 . We want to help people make their photos available to the people who matter to them .
2 . We want to enable new ways of organizing photos .
gabbr
Instead of having multiple blogs across multiple sites , gabbr allows bloggers from all types of blogs to submit their thoughts for discussion in a centralized location .
The blog entries are also mirrored on the original blog authors website .
Gmail
Gmail is an experiment in a new kind of webmail , built on the idea that you should never have to delete mail and you should always be able to find the message you want .
Google Maps
Maps are great for getting around , but online maps could be a lot better .
So Google decided to make dynamic , interactive maps that are draggable — no clicking and waiting for graphics to reload each time you want to view the adjacent parts of a map .
Kiko
Slow , featureless online calendars are so Web 1.0 .
Kiko is a cool new web calendar that delivers all the functionality of desktop calendar software , and all the convenience of online access .
And it 's free !
meebo
We hope that meebo makes everyone ’s online life a little easier ( and more fun ! ) by aggregating all of your IM accounts in one place , cleaning up all of your chat windows into a single window , and the best part -- no software .
memeorandum
The Web is humming with discussions on politics and current affairs .
memeorandum is page A1 for these conversations .
Auto - updated every 5 minutes , it uncovers the most relevant items from thousands of news sites and weblogs .
Netvibes
Netvibes.com is a customizable web 2.0 homepage solution .
This service is free and gives you the user the ability :
To create a personalized page with the content you like .
To put together data feeds and services from web 2.0 applications with a very simple interface .
To access your page anytime and from any computer .
Omnidrive
Omnidrive is what you expect hosted storage to be - easy to use , accessible from anywhere and unrestrictive .
Omnidrive will make your life easier by allowing you to store , access and stream your files from almost any web connected platform .
Protopage
Protopage = personalized news + sticky notes + bookmarks , all on one page .
Use it to catch up with news from hundreds of sources .
Put color coded sticky notes , todo lists and reminders .
Keep your frequently accessed bookmarks .
Share parts of your page with friends , or keep it private .
Rallypoint
Rallypoint is a powerful online collaboration service that can be used to create , organize and share your company 's knowledge .
It enables you to build web - based documents and pages to share with your team members or other teams .
reddit
A source for what 's new and popular on the web -- personalized for you .
We want to democratize the traditional model by giving editorial control to the people who use the site , not those who run it .
Your votes train a filter , so let reddit know what you liked and disliked , because you 'll begin to be recommended links filtered to your tastes .
Remember The Milk
Remember The Milk is the easiest and best way to manage your to - do lists online .
Sharing , publishing , notes ... we 've got it all .
Receive reminders via email , instant messenger , and SMS .
It 's free .
Shadows
Shadows is a social bookmarking service for discovering , sharing and managing information on the web .
Shadows supercharges this information with a " Shadow Page " — a community blog for any web page that includes views , ratings , tags , and comments by you , your friends and the Shadows community .
start
this site is not an officially supported site .
it is an incubation experiment and does n't represent any particular strategy or policy .
for other incubation experiments , see http://sandbox.msn.com.
enjoy !
Ta-da
Ta - da makes it easy to ...
Keep track of all the little things you need to get done , Make lists for other people ( co- workers , friends , family ) , Share lists with the world ( " My favorite movies of 2004 " ) , Subscribe to your lists in RSS so you 're always on track .
TailRank
TailRank finds the best content from thousands of blogs so you do n't have to .
TailRank is a small startup based out of San Francisco which has plenty of cool ideas and too much free time .
Topix
Topix.net was founded in 2002 with the specific mission of providing users the ability to quickly and easily find targeted news on the Internet .
With thousands of news sources continually releasing stories twenty - four hours a day , finding relevant news can often be a time consuming task .
voo2do
Advanced task and priority management for busy , ambitious individuals .
voo2do tracks priority , due date , and time estimates for each task .
There is no notion of " lists " in voo2 do — tasks can be grouped by project , but you can view and edit a bunch of projects together .
Voo2 do does not yet support sharing your tasks with other people .
Writeboard
Writeboard makes it easy to ...
Write without fear of losing or overwriting a good idea Compare different versions of a document Collaborate with colleagues on copy , proposals , memos , etc. Subscribe to documents via RSS and be notified of changes .
Writely
Writely allows you to edit documents online with whomever you choose , and then publish and blog them online .
Xdrive
5 GB to unlimited gigabytes of online storage .
Accessible from any web browser .
Easy , efficient file sharing .
Protect critical data from crashes and viruses .
The best solution for storing and sharing online .
Zoho
Online tool to create a document , edit in your way , and share with anyone .
Access Anywhere , Share , do n't attach , Generate PDF / DOC / HTML , Create and edit document in your way , Load your existing documents , Multi lingual Support , No more duplicates , Post to your Blog .
Zoto
On Zoto , you can safely store an. organize an unlimited number of digital photos , with total control over who has access to which of your photos .
You can share your photos with family and friends through albums and slideshows .
You can quickly and easily publish photos to your blog .
If you know of any popular Web 2.0 applications that are missing from the above list , please post it as a comment and we will keep this list going .
Also let me know if you found this list useful .
Update ( Friday Jan 20th , 08:30 PM ) :
This post got dugg to the front page of digg.com sometime yesterday morning .
I appreciate all you comments and diggs .
This list would not be “ complete ” without your comments .
While posting I had intended to update the list with more applications that you suggest .
But I ’m overwhelmed with the number of sites in the comment section .
I apologize that I do n’t have enough time to research and get information about all of them .
I recommend that all readers read through the comments to discover more Web 2.0 applications .
The other day a friend of mine phoned me .
He was trying to install the software that came with his new Nokia mobile phone .
He said he was beginning to go mad .
He just could n’t see what he was missing .
He said that when he started the installer a screen came up with a license agreement which he had to confirm .
But the “ Next ” button was grayed out .
He could n’t continue .
He could n’t see what he had to do to continue .
He was at the end of his tether , so he phoned me .
I set up a BeamYourScreen session and connected up to his PC and started the installer .
I could see what he meant .
The installer was kind of metallic .
All the controls and objects looked completely unlike anything I had ever seen before .
No idea why , because I would n’t even say it looked “ cool ” .
When we got to the license screen the continue button was disabled .
I noticed a tiny ( really tiny ) little round thing to the right of the license text , on a kind of dashed vertical line .
I clicked on it and was able to drag it down .
Yep , sure enough it was a scroll bar and when we got to the bottom the continue button became enabled .
Now , it took me only a few moments , but it was not immediately obvious .
Gerry was kicking himself and felt a bit embarrassed but I do n’t think he should have felt that way .
None of the objects on the screen looked like familiar Windows objects .
The scroll bar was obscure and completely unlike a regular scroll bar .
There ’s no reason why Gerry should have known immediately what he was supposed to do .
He uses Windows and was installing software for Windows .
He knows how Windows works and what Windows scroll bars look like .
He should n’t be expected to have to use an unknown , alien , design .
If you are developing software for Windows then it should LOOK like Windows .
There ’s a reason why Windows uses standard controls and a standard look and feel .
Sure , colours and fonts can be changed , but that ’s up to the user .
A Windows app should adjust automatically to follow the user ’s selected layout .
An application should not make up a whole new look and feel .
Whatever you may think of the Windows user interface , no matter how much a designer may dislike the way Windows looks … well that ’s tough !
You ’re designing for Windows , so that is how it has to be .
And surely you want your customers to know how to use your software !
Surely that ’s what is important .
Therefore your software should look familiar .
It should use standard Windows objects and follow standard Windows conventions .
My mate was close to going back to the shop and changing his Nokia for another phone because he could n’t install the software that let him connect his laptop to the ‘ net like he wanted .
Fine , supply skins that let your users change the look and feel of your application , but do this AFTER it has installed .
What is the point of an installer that looks alien and does n’t follow the Windows look and feel ?
Users should n’t have to learn a whole new user interface design just to install your software .
Frankly , Nokia should know better .
The interfaces their phones use are widely regarded as the most user friendly .
But when they write software for PCs they should n’t reinvent the Windows interface !
The animation below shows the most recent one hour of ship movements on San Francisco Bay , compressed to one minute .
You will observe container ships , oil tankers , ferries , pilot boats , tugs , and more , as they travel the SF Bay Area .
These ship positions come from the AIS transponders that all commercial ships over 60 feet are required to have .
The Exploratorium is a public learning laboratory in San Francisco exploring the world through science , art , and human perception .
About AIS Ship Tracking
The animation above uses ship position , speed , and destination information received by radio from AIS ( Automatic Identification System ) transmitters that are required on most commercial ships .
We collect this data through the courtesy of Hi-Def San Francisco , which operates receivers in Sausalito and Berkeley .
Note :
We have no control over any of this information ; we are simply reporting what the ships transmit .
Often , the information beyond position , speed , and direction is not correctly entered by the ship ’s officers , and thus incorrect information may be reported here .
UTF -8 SAMPLER
¥ · £ · € · $ · ¢ · ₡ · ₢ · ₣ · ₤ · ₥ · ₦ · ₧ · ₨ · ₩ · ₪ · ₫ · ₭ · ₮ · ₯ · ₹
THIS IS AN OUTDATED VERSION OF THIS PAGE .
SEE THE CURRENT ONE AT :
http://kermitproject.org/utf8.html
U TF - 8 is an ASCII - preserving encoding method for Unicode ( ISO 10646 ) , the Universal Character Set ( UCS ) .
The UCS encodes most of the world 's writing systems in a single character set , allowing you to mix languages and scripts within a document without needing any tricks for switching character sets .
This web page is encoded directly in UTF - 8 .
As shown HERE , Columbia University 's Kermit 95 terminal emulation software can display UTF - 8 plain text in Windows 95 , 98 , ME , NT , XP , Vista , or Windows 7 when using a monospace Unicode font like Andale Mono WT J or Everson Mono Terminal , or the lesser populated Courier New , Lucida Console , or Andale Mono .
C- Kermit can handle it too , if you have a Unicode display .
As many languages as are representable in your font can be seen on the screen at the same time .
This , however , is a Web page , which started out as a kind of stress test for UTF - 8 support in Web browsers , which was spotty when this page was first created but which has become standard in all modern browsers .
The problem now is mainly the fonts and the browser 's ( or font 's ) support for the nonzero Unicode planes ( as in , e.g. , the Braille and Gothic examples below ) .
And to some extent the rendition of combining sequences , right - to - left rendition ( Arabic , Hebrew ) , and so on .
CLICK HERE for a survey of Unicode fonts for Windows .
The subtitle above shows currency symbols of many lands .
If they do n't appear as blobs , we 're off to a good start !
( The one on the end is the new Indian Rupee sign which wo n't show up in fonts for a while . )
Rune Poem
ᚠᛇᚻ᛫ᛒᛦᚦ᛫ᚠᚱᚩᚠᚢᚱ᛫ᚠᛁᚱᚪ᛫ᚷᛖᚻᚹᛦᛚᚳᚢᛗ
ᛋᚳᛖᚪᛚ᛫ᚦᛖᚪᚻ᛫ᛗᚪᚾᚾᚪ᛫ᚷᛖᚻᚹᛦᛚᚳ᛫ᛗᛁᚳᛚᚢᚾ᛫ᚻᛦᛏ᛫ᛞᚫᛚᚪᚾ
ᚷᛁᚠ᛫ᚻᛖ᛫ᚹᛁᛚᛖ᛫ᚠᚩᚱ᛫ᛞᚱᛁᚻᛏᚾᛖ᛫ᛞᚩᛗᛖᛋ᛫ᚻᛚᛇᛏᚪᚾ᛬
From Laȝamon 's Brut ( The Chronicles of England , Middle English , West Midlands ) :
An preost wes on leoden , Laȝamon was ihoten
He wes Leovenaðes sone -- liðe him be Drihten .
He wonede at Ernleȝe at æðelen are chirechen ,
Uppen Sevarne staþe , sel þar him þuhte ,
Onfest Radestone , þer he bock radde .
( The third letter in the author 's name is Yogh , missing from many fonts ; CLICK HERE for another Middle English sample with some explanation of letters and encoding ) .
From the Tagelied of Wolfram von Eschenbach ( Middle High German ) :
Sîne klâwen durh die wolken sint geslagen ,
er stîget ûf mit grôzer kraft ,
ich sih in grâwen tägelîch als er wil tagen ,
den tac , der im geselleschaft
erwenden wil , dem werden man ,
den ich mit sorgen în verliez .
ich bringe in hinnen , ob ich kan .
sîn vil manegiu tugent michz leisten hiez .
Some lines of Odysseus Elytis ( Greek ) :
Monotonic : Τη γλώ σσα μου έδω σαν ελληνικ ή
το σ πίτι φτωχικ ό στι ς αμμουδιέ ς του Ομήρου .
Μονάχη έγνοια η γλώ σσα μου στι ς αμμουδιέ ς του Ομήρου .
από το Άξιον Εστί
του Οδυ σ σέα Ελύτη Polytonic :
Τὴ γλῶ σσα μοῦ ἔδω σαν ἑλληνικ ὴ
τὸ σ πίτι φτωχικὸ σ τὶ ς ἀμμουδιὲ ς τοῦ Ὁμήρο υ .
Μονάχη ἔγνοια ἡ γλῶ σσα μου σ τὶ ς ἀμμουδιὲ ς τοῦ Ὁμήρου .
ἀπὸ τὸ Ἄξιον ἐστ ί
τοῦ Ὀδυ σσέα Ἐλύτη
The first stanza of Pushkin 's Bronze Horseman ( Russian ) :
На берегу пустынных вол н
Стоял он , дум великих полн ,
И вдаль глядел .
Пред ним широк о
Река неслася ; бедный чёл н
По ней стремился одиноко .
По мшистым , топким берега м
Чернели избы здесь и там ,
Приют убогого чухонца ;
И лес , неведомый луча м
В тумане спрятанного солнца ,
Кругом шумел .
Šota Rustaveli's Veṗxis Ṭq̇aosani , ̣︡Th , The Knight in the Tiger 's Skin ( Georgian ) :
ვეპხის ტყაოსანი შოთა რუსთაველი ღმერთსი შემვედრე , ნუთუ კვლა დამხსნას სოფლისა შრომასა , ცეცხლს , წყალსა და მიწასა , ჰაერთა თანა მრომასა ; მომცნეს ფრთენი და აღვფრინდე , მივჰხვდე მას ჩემსა ნდომასა , დღისით და ღამით ვჰხედვიდე მზისა ელვათა კრთომაასა .
Tamil poetry of Subramaniya Bharathiyar : சுப்ரமணிய பாரதியார் ( 1882-1921 ) :
யாமறிந்த மொழிகளிலே தமிழ்மொழி போல் இனிதாவது எங்கும் காணோம் ,
பாமரராய் விலங்குகளாய் , உலகனைத்தும் இகழ்ச்சிசொலப் பான்மை கெட்டு ,
நாமமது தமிழரெனக் கொண்டு இங்கு வாழ்ந்திடுதல் நன்றோ ?
சொல்லீர்!
தேமதுரத் தமிழோசை உலகமெலாம் பரவும்வகை செய்தல் வேண்டும் .
Kannada poetry by Kuvempu — ಬಾ ಇಲ್ಲಿ ಸಂಭವಿಸ ು
ಬಾ ಇಲ್ಲಿ ಸಂಭವಿಸು ಇಂದೆನ್ನ ಹೃದಯದಲ ಿ
ನಿತ್ಯವೂ ಅವತರಿಪ ಸತ್ಯಾವತಾರ ಮಣ್ಣಾಗಿ ಮರವಾಗಿ ಮಿಗವಾಗಿ ಕಗವಾಗೀ ...
ಮಣ್ಣಾಗಿ ಮರವಾಗಿ ಮಿಗವಾಗಿ ಕಗವಾಗ ಿ
ಭವ ಭವದಿ ಭತಿಸಿಹೇ ಭವತಿ ದೂ ರ
ನಿತ್ಯವೂ ಅವತರಿಪ ಸತ್ಯಾವತಾರ || ಬಾ ಇಲ್ಲಿ ||
Sanskrit : ﻿काचं शक्नोम्यत्तुम् । नोपहिनस्ति माम् ॥ Sanskrit ( standard transcription ) : kācaṃ śaknomyattum ; nopahinasti mām .
Classical Greek : ὕαλον ϕαγεῖν δύναμαι· τοῦτο οὔ με βλάπτει .
Greek ( monotonic ) : Μπορώ να φάω σ πα σ μένα γυαλιά χ ω ρί ς να πάθω τίποτα .
Greek ( polytonic ) : Μπορῶ νὰ φάω σ πα σ μένα γυαλιὰ χ ω ρὶ ς νὰ πάθω τίποτα .
Etruscan : ( NEEDED ) Latin : Vitrum edere possum ; mihi non nocet .
Old French : Je puis mangier del voirre .
Ne me nuit .
French :
Je peux manger du verre , ça ne me fait pas mal .
Provençal / Occitan : Pòdi manjar de veire , me nafrariá pas .
Québécois : J'peux manger d'la vitre , ça m'fa pas mal .
Walloon : Dji pou magnî do vêre , çoula m ' freut nén må .
Champenois : ( NEEDED )
Lorrain : ( NEEDED ) Picard : Ch'peux mingi du verre , cha m'foé mie n'ma .
Corsican / Corsu : ( NEEDED )
Jèrriais : ( NEEDED ) Kreyòl Ayisyen ( Haitï ) : Mwen kap manje vè , li pa blese'm .
Basque : Kristala jan dezaket , ez dit minik ematen .
Catalan / Català : Puc menjar vidre , que no em fa mal .
Spanish : Puedo comer vidrio , no me hace daño .
Aragonés : Puedo minchar beire , no me 'n fa mal .
Aranés : ( NEEDED )
Mallorquín : ( NEEDED ) Galician : Eu podo xantar cristais e non cortarme .
European Portuguese : Posso comer vidro , não me faz mal .
Brazilian Portuguese ( 8 ) : Posso comer vidro , não me machuca .
Caboverdiano / Kabuverdianu ( Cape Verde ) : M ' podê cumê vidru , ca ta maguâ -m ' .
Papiamentu : Ami por kome glas anto e no ta hasimi daño .
Italian : Posso mangiare il vetro e non mi fa male .
Milanese : Sôn bôn de magnà el véder , el me fa minga mal .
Roman : Me posso magna ' er vetro , e nun me fa male .
Napoletano : M ' pozz magna ' o'vetr , e nun m' fa mal .
Venetian : Mi posso magnare el vetro , no'l me fa mae .
Zeneise ( Genovese ) : Pòsso mangiâ o veddro e o no me fà mâ .
Sicilian : Puotsu mangiari u vitru , nun mi fa mali .
Campinadese ( Sardinia ) : ( NEEDED )
Lugudorese ( Sardinia ) : ( NEEDED ) Romansch ( Grischun ) : Jau sai mangiar vaider , senza che quai fa donn a mai .
Romany / Tsigane : ( NEEDED ) Romanian :
Pot să mănânc sticlă și ea nu mă rănește .
Esperanto :
Mi povas manĝi vitron , ĝi ne damaĝas min .
Pictish : ( NEEDED )
Breton : ( NEEDED ) Cornish :
Mý a yl dybry gwéder hag éf ny wra ow ankenya .
Welsh :
Dw i'n gallu bwyta gwydr , ' dyw e ddim yn gwneud dolur i mi .
Manx Gaelic : Foddym gee glonney agh cha jean eh gortaghey mee .
Old Irish ( Ogham ) : ᚛᚛ᚉᚑᚅᚔᚉᚉᚔᚋ ᚔᚈᚔ ᚍᚂᚐᚅᚑ ᚅᚔᚋᚌᚓᚅᚐ ᚜ Old Irish ( Latin ) : Con·iccim ithi nglano .
Ním·géna .
Irish :
Is féidir liom gloinne a ithe .
Ní dhéanann sí dochar ar bith dom .
Ulster Gaelic : Ithim - sa gloine agus ní miste damh é. Scottish Gaelic : S urrainn dhomh gloinne ithe ; cha ghoirtich i mi .
Anglo - Saxon ( Runes ) : ᛁᚳ᛫ᛗᚨᚷ᛫ᚷᛚᚨᛋ᛫ᛖᚩᛏᚪᚾ᛫ᚩᚾᛞ᛫ᚻᛁᛏ᛫ᚾᛖ᛫ᚻᛖᚪᚱᛗᛁᚪᚧ᛫ᛗᛖ᛬
Anglo - Saxon ( Latin ) : Ic mæg glæs eotan ond hit ne hearmiað me .
Middle English : Ich canne glas eten and hit hirtiþ me nouȝt .
English : I can eat glass and it does n't hurt me .
English ( IPA ) : [ aɪ kæn iːt glɑːs ænd ɪt dɐz nɒt hɜːt miː ] ( Received Pronunciation ) English ( Braille ) : ⠊⠀⠉⠁⠝⠀⠑⠁⠞⠀⠛⠇⠁⠎⠎⠀⠁⠝⠙⠀⠊⠞⠀⠙⠕⠑⠎⠝⠞⠀⠓⠥⠗⠞⠀⠍⠑
Jamaican : Mi kian niam glas han i neba hot mi .
Lalland Scots / Doric :
Ah can eat gless , it disnae hurt us .
Glaswegian : ( NEEDED ) Gothic ( 4 ) : ЌЌЌ ЌЌЌЍ Ќ̈ЍЌЌ , ЌЌ ЌЌЍ ЍЌ ЌЌЌЌ ЌЍЌЌЌЌЌ .
Old Norse ( Runes ) : ᛖᚴ ᚷᛖᛏ ᛖᛏᛁ ᚧ ᚷᛚᛖᚱ ᛘᚾ ᚦᛖᛋᛋ ᚨᚧ ᚡᛖ ᚱᚧᚨ ᛋᚨᚱ Old Norse ( Latin ) : Ek get etið gler án þess að verða sár .
Norsk / Norwegian ( Nynorsk ) : Eg kan eta glas utan å skada meg .
Norsk / Norwegian ( Bokmål ) : Jeg kan spise glass uten å skade meg .
Føroyskt / Faroese : Eg kann eta glas , skaðaleysur .
Íslenska / Icelandic :
Ég get etið gler án þess að meiða mig .
Svenska / Swedish : Jag kan äta glas utan att skada mig .
Dansk / Danish : Jeg kan spise glas , det gør ikke ondt på mig .
Sønderjysk : Æ ka æe glass uhen at det go mæ naue .
Frysk / Frisian :
Ik kin glês ite , it docht me net sear .
Nederlands / Dutch :
Ik kan glas eten , het doet mĳ geen kwaad .
Kirchröadsj / Bôchesserplat : Iech ken glaas èèse , mer 't deet miech jing pieng .
Afrikaans :
Ek kan glas eet , maar dit doen my nie skade nie .
Lëtzebuergescht / Luxemburgish : Ech kan Glas iessen , daat deet mir nët wei .
Deutsch / German : Ich kann
Glas essen , ohne mir zu schaden .
Ruhrdeutsch : Ich kann Glas verkasematuckeln , ohne dattet mich wat jucken tut .
Langenfelder Platt : Isch kann Jlaas kimmeln , uuhne datt mich datt weh dääd .
Lausitzer Mundart ( " Lusatian " ) : Ich koann Gloos assn und doas dudd merr ni wii .
Odenwälderisch : Iech konn glaasch voschbachteln ohne dass es mir ebbs daun doun dud .
Sächsisch / Saxon : ' sch kann
Glos essn , ohne dass 'sch mer wehtue .
Pfälzisch : Isch konn
Glass fresse ohne dasses mer ebbes ausmache dud .
Schwäbisch / Swabian : I kå Glas frässa , ond des macht mr nix !
Deutsch ( Voralberg ) : I ka glas eassa , ohne dass mar weh tuat .
Bayrisch / Bavarian : I koh Glos esa , und es duard ma ned wei .
Allemannisch : I kaun Gloos essen , es tuat ma ned weh .
Schwyzerdütsch ( Zürich ) : Ich chan Glaas ässe , das schadt mir nöd .
Schwyzerdütsch ( Luzern ) : Ech cha Glâs ässe , das schadt mer ned .
Plautdietsch : ( NEEDED ) Hungarian : Meg tudom enni az üveget , nem lesz tőle bajom .
Suomi / Finnish : Voin syödä lasia , se ei vahingoita minua .
Sami ( Northern ) : Sáhtán borrat lása , dat ii leat bávččas .
Erzian :
Мон ярсан суликадо , ды зыян эйстэнзэ а ули .
Northern Karelian :
Mie voin syvvä lasie ta minla ei ole kipie .
Southern Karelian : Minä voin syvvä st'oklua dai minule ei ole kibie .
Vepsian : ( NEEDED )
Votian : ( NEEDED )
Livonian : ( NEEDED ) Estonian :
Ma võin klaasi süüa , see ei tee mulle midagi .
Latvian :
Es varu ēst stiklu , tas man nekaitē .
Lithuanian :
Aš galiu valgyti stiklą ir jis manęs nežeidžia
Old Prussian : ( NEEDED )
Sorbian ( Wendish ) : ( NEEDED ) Czech : Mohu jíst sklo , neublíží mi .
Slovak : Môžem jesť sklo .
Nezraní ma . Polska / Polish : Mogę jeść szkło i mi nie szkodzi .
Slovenian : Lahko jem steklo , ne da bi mi škodovalo .
Bosnian , Croatian , Montenegrin and Serbian ( Latin ) : Ja mogu jesti staklo , i to mi ne šteti .
Bosnian , Montenegrin and Serbian ( Cyrillic ) :
Ја могу јести стакло , и то ми не штети .
Macedonian : Можам да јадам стакло , а не ме штета .
Russian : Я могу есть стекло , оно мне не вредит .
Belarusian ( Cyrillic ) : Я магу есці шкло , яно мне не шкодзіць .
Belarusian ( Lacinka ) : Ja mahu jeści škło , jano mne ne škodzić .
Ukrainian : Я можу їсти скло , і воно мені не зашкодить .
Bulgarian : Мога да ям стъкло , то не ми вреди .
Georgian : მინას ვჭამ და არა მტკივა .
Armenian : Կրնամ ապակի ուտել և ինծի անհանգիստ չըներ ։
Albanian :
Unë mund të ha qelq dhe nuk më gjen gjë .
Turkish : Cam yiyebilirim , bana zararı dokunmaz .
Turkish ( Ottoman ) : جام ييه بلورم بڭا ضررى طوقونمز Bangla / Bengali : আমি কাঁচ খেতে পারি , তাতে আমার কোনো ক্ষতি হয় না। Marathi : मी काच खाऊ शकतो , मला ते दुखत नाही .
Kannada : ನನಗೆ ಹಾನಿ ಆಗದೆ , ನಾನು ಗಜನ್ನು ತಿನಬಹುದ ು Hindi : मैं काँच खा सकता हूँ और मुझे उससे कोई चोट नहीं पहुंचती .
Tamil : நான் கண்ணாடி சாப்பிடுவேன் , அதனால் எனக்கு ஒரு கேடும் வராது .
Telugu : నేను గాజు తినగలను మరియు అలా చేసినా నాకు ఏమి ఇబ్బంది లేదు Sinhalese : මට වීදුරු කෑමට හැකියි .
එයින් මට කිසි හානියක් සිදු නොවේ .
Urdu( 3 ) : میں کانچ کھا سکتا ہوں اور مجھے تکلیف نہیں ہوتی ۔ Pashto ( 3 ) : زه شيشه خوړلې شم، هغه ما نه خوږوي Farsi / Persian ( 3 ) : .من می توانم ب دونِ احساس درد شيشه بخورم Arabic ( 3 ) : أ نا قادر على أكل الزجاج و هذا لا يؤلمني .
Aramaic : ( NEEDED ) Maltese : Nista ' niekol il - ħġieġ u ma jagħmilli xejn . Hebrew ( 3 ) : אני יכול לאכול זכוכית וזה לא מזיק לי. Yiddish ( 3 ) : איך קען עסן גלאָז און עס טוט מיר נישט װײ .
Judeo - Arabic : ( NEEDED )
Ladino : ( NEEDED )
Gǝʼǝz : ( NEEDED )
Amharic : ( NEEDED ) Twi : Metumi awe tumpan , ɜnyɜ me hwee .
Hausa ( Latin ) : Inā iya taunar gilāshi kuma in gamā lāfiyā .
Hausa ( Ajami ) ( 2 ) : إِنا إِىَ تَونَر غِلَاشِ كُمَ إِن غَمَا لَافِىَا Yoruba ( 4 ) :
Mo lè je̩ dígí , kò ní pa mí lára .
Lingala : Nakokí kolíya biténi bya milungi , ekosála ngáí mabé tɛ́ .
( Ki ) Swahili : Naweza kula bilauri na sikunyui .
Malay : Saya boleh makan kaca dan ia tidak mencederakan saya .
Tagalog : Kaya kong kumain nang bubog at hindi ako masaktan .
Chamorro : Siña yo ' chumocho krestat , ti ha na'lalamen yo' .
Fijian :
Au rawa ni kana iloilo , ia au sega ni vakacacani kina .
Javanese : Aku isa mangan beling tanpa lara .
Burmese : က္ယ္ဝန္‌တော္‌၊က္ယ္ဝန္‌မ
မ္ယက္‌စားနုိင္‌သည္‌။
၎က္ရောင္‌့ ထိခုိက္‌မ္ဟု မရ္ဟိပာ။ ( 9 ) Vietnamese ( quốc ngữ ) :
Tôi có thể ăn thủy tinh mà không hại gì .
Vietnamese ( nôm ) ( 4 ) : 些 ࣎ 世 咹 水 晶 ও 空 ࣎ 害 咦 Khmer : ខ្ញុំអាចញុំកញ្ចក់បាន ដោយគ្មានបញ្ហារ Lao : ຂອ້ຍກິນແກ້ວໄດ້ໂດຍທີ່ມັນບໍ່ໄດ້ເຮັດໃຫ້ຂອ້ຍເຈັບ .
Thai : ฉันกินกระจกได้ แต่มันไม่ทำให้ฉันเจ็บ Mongolian ( Cyrillic ) :
Би шил идэй чадна , надад хортой биш Mongolian ( Classic ) ( 5 ) : ᠪᠢ ᠰᠢᠯᠢ ᠢᠳᠡᠶᠦ ᠴᠢᠳᠠᠨᠠ ᠂ ᠨᠠᠳᠤᠷ ᠬᠣᠤᠷᠠᠳᠠᠢ ᠪᠢᠰ ᠢ
Dzongkha : ( NEEDED ) Nepali : ﻿म काँच खान सक्छू र मलाई केहि नी हुन्‍न् । Tibetan : ཤེལ་སྒོ་ཟ་ནས་ང་ན་གི་མ་རེད།
Chinese : 我能吞下玻璃而不伤身体。 Chinese ( Traditional ) : 我能吞下玻璃而不傷身體。 Taiwanese ( 6 ) : Góa ē- tàng chia̍h po-lê , mā bē tio̍h - siong .
Japanese : 私はガラスを食べられます。それは私を傷つけません。
Korean : 나는 유리를 먹을 수 있어요 .
그래도 아프지 않아요 Bislama :
Mi save kakae glas , hemi no save katem mi .
Hawaiian : Hiki iaʻu ke ʻai i ke aniani ; ʻaʻole nō lā au e ʻeha .
Marquesan : E koʻana e kai i te karahi , mea ʻā , ʻaʻe hauhau .
Inuktitut ( 10 ) : ᐊᓕᒍᖅ ᓂᕆᔭᕌᖓᒃᑯ ᓱᕋᙱᑦᑐᓐᓇᖅᑐᖓ Chinook Jargon : Naika məkmək kakshət labutay , pi weyk ukuk munk - sik nay .
Navajo : Tsésǫʼ yishą́ ągo bííníshghah dóó doo shił neezgai da .
Cherokee ( and Cree , Chickasaw , Cree , Micmac , Ojibwa , Lakota , Náhuatl , Quechua , Aymara , and other American languages ) : ( NEEDED )
Garifuna : ( NEEDED )
Gullah : ( NEEDED ) Lojban : mi kakne le nu citka le blaci .iku 'i le se go 'i na xrani mi Nórdicg : Ljœr ye caudran créneþ ý jor cẃran .
( Additions , corrections , completions , gratefuly accepted . )
For testing purposes , some of these are repeated in a monospace font . . .
Euro Symbol : €. Greek : Μπορώ να φάω σ πα σ μένα γυαλιά χ ω ρί ς να πάθω τίποτα .
Íslenska / Icelandic :
Ég get etið gler án þess að meiða mig .
Polish : Mogę jeść szkło , i mi nie szkodzi .
Romanian :
Pot să mănânc sticlă și ea nu mă rănește .
Ukrainian : Я можу їсти шкло , й воно мені не пошкодить .
Armenian : Կրնամ ապակի ուտել և ինծի անհանգիստ չըներ։ Georgian : მინას ვჭამ და არა მტკივა .
Hindi : मैं काँच खा सकता हूँ , मुझे उस से कोई पीडा नहीं होती .
Hebrew ( 2 ) : אני יכול לאכול זכוכית וזה לא מזיק לי. Yiddish ( 2 ) : איך קען עסן גלאָז און עס טוט מיר נישט װײ. Arabic ( 2 ) : أنا قادر على أكل الزجاج و هذا لا يؤلمني .
Japanese : 私はガラスを食べられます。それは私を傷つけません。
Thai : ฉันกินกระจกได้ แต่มันไม่ทำให้ฉันเจ็บ
Notes :
The " I can eat glass " phrase and initial translations ( about 30 of them ) were borrowed from Ethan Mollick 's I Can Eat Glass page ( which disappeared on or about June 2004 ) and converted to UTF - 8 .
Since Ethan 's original page is gone , I should mention that his purpose was to offer travelers a phrase they could use in any country that would command a certain kind of respect , or at least get attention .
See Credits for the many additional contributions since then .
When submitting new entries , the word " hurt " ( if you have a choice ) is used in the sense of " cause harm " , " do damage " , or " bother " , rather than " inflict pain " or " make sad " .
In this vein Otto Stolz comments ( as do others further down ; personally I think it 's better for the purpose of this page to have extra entries and / or to show a greater repertoire of characters than it is to enforce a strict interpretation of the word " hurt " ! ) :
This is the meaning I have translated to the Swabian dialect .
However , I just have noticed that most of the German variants translate the " inflict pain " meaning .
The German example should read : " Ich kann Glas essen ohne mir zu schaden . " rather than : " Ich kann Glas essen , ohne mir weh zu tun . "
( The comma fell victim to the 1996 orthographic reform , cf . http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/e3-1.html#P76 .
You may wish to contact the contributors of the following translations to correct them : Lëtzebuergescht / Luxemburgish : Ech kan Glas iessen , daat deet mir nët wei .
Lausitzer Mundart ( " Lusatian " ) : Ich koann Gloos assn und doas dudd merr ni wii .
Sächsisch / Saxon : ' sch kann
Glos essn , ohne dass 'sch mer wehtue .
Bayrisch / Bavarian : I koh Glos esa , und es duard ma ned wei .
Allemannisch : I kaun Gloos essen , es tuat ma ned weh .
Schwyzerdütsch : Ich chan Glaas ässe , das tuet mir nöd weeh .
In contrast , I deem the following translations * alright * : Ruhrdeutsch : Ich kann Glas verkasematuckeln , ohne dattet mich wat jucken tut .
Pfälzisch : Isch konn
Glass fresse ohne dasses mer ebbes ausmache dud .
Schwäbisch / Swabian : I kå Glas frässa , ond des macht mr nix !
( However , you could remove the commas , on account of http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/e3-1.html#P76 and http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/e3-1.html#P72 , respectively . )
I guess , also these examples translate the wrong sense of " hurt " , though I do not know these languages well enough to assert them definitely : Nederlands / Dutch :
Ik kan glas eten ; het doet mĳ geen pĳn .
( This one has been changed )
Kirchröadsj / Bôchesserplat :
Iech ken glaas èèse , mer 't deet miech jing pieng .
In the Romanic languages , the variations on " fa male " ( it ) are probably wrong , whilst the variations on " hace daño " ( es ) and " damaĝas " ( Esperanto ) are probably correct ; " nocet " ( la ) is definitely right .
The northern Germanic variants of " skada " are probably right , as are the Slavic variants of " škodi/шкоди " ( se ) ; however the Slavic variants of " boli " ( hv ) are probably wrong , as " bolena " means " pain / ache " , IIRC .
That was from July 2004 .
In December 2007 , Otto writes again : Hello Frank , in days of yore , I had written :
> " Ich kann Glas essen ohne mir zu schaden . "
> ( The comma fell victim to the 1996 orthographic reform , cf . http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/e3-1.html#P76.
The latest revision ( 2006 ) of the official German orthography has revived the comma around infinitive clauses commencing with ohne , or 5 other conjunctions , or depending from a noun or from an announcing demonstrative ( http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/regeln2006.pdf, § 75 ) .
So , it 's again : Ich kann Glas essen , ohne mir zu schaden .
Best wishes ,
Otto Stolz
The numbering of the samples is arbitrary , done only to keep track of how many there are , and can change any time a new entry is added .
The arrangement is also arbitrary but with some attempt to group related examples together .
Note :
All languages not listed are wanted , not just the ones that say ( NEEDED ) .
Correct right - to - left display of these languages depends on the capabilities of your browser .
The period should appear on the left .
In the monospace Yiddish example , the Yiddish digraphs should occupy one character cell .
Yoruba :
The third word is Latin letter small ' j ' followed by small 'e ' with U+0329 , Combining Vertical Line Below .
This displays correctly only if your Unicode font includes the U+0329 glyph and your browser supports combining diacritical marks .
The Lingala and Indic examples also include combining sequences .
Includes Unicode 3.1 ( or later ) characters beyond Plane 0 .
The Classic Mongolian example should be vertical , top - to - bottom and left - to - right .
But such display is almost impossible .
Also no font yet exists which provides the proper ligatures and positional variants for the characters of this script , which works somewhat like Arabic .
Taiwanese is also known as Holo or Hoklo , and is related to Southern Min dialects such as Amoy .
Contributed by Henry H. Tan -Tenn , who comments , " The above is the romanized version , in a script current among Taiwanese Christians since the mid-19th century .
It was invented by British missionaries and saw use in hundreds of published works , mostly of a religious nature .
Most Taiwanese did not know Chinese characters then , or at least not well enough to read .
More to the point , though , a written standard using Chinese characters has never developed , so a significant minority of words are represented with different candidate characters , depending on one 's personal preference or etymological theory .
In this sentence , for example , " - tàng " , " chia̍h " , " mā " and " bē " are problematic using Chinese characters .
" Góa " ( I / me ) and " po-lê " ( glass ) are as written in other Sinitic languages ( e.g. Mandarin , Hakka ) . "
Wagner Amaral of Pinese & Amaral Associados notes that the Brazilian Portuguese sentence for " I can eat glass " should be identical to the Portuguese one , as the word " machuca " means " inflict pain " , or rather " injuries " .
The words " faz mal " would more correctly translate as " cause harm " .
Burmese : In English the first person pronoun " I " stands for both genders , male and female .
In Burmese ( except in the central part of Burma ) kyundaw ( က္ယ္ဝန္‌တော္‌ ) for male and kyanma ( က္ယ္ဝန္‌မ ) for female .
Using here a fully - compliant Unicode Burmese font -- sadly one and only one Padauk Graphite font exists -- rendering using graphite engine .
CLICK HERE to test Burmese characters .
From Louise Hope , 22 November 2010 : I decided to have a go at an Inuktitut rendering , mainly in hopes of shaming someone who actually knows the language into coming up with something better .
Meanwhile , try this : ᐊᓕᒍᖅ ᓂᕆᔭᕌᖓᒃᑯ ᓱᕋᙱᑦᑐᓐᓇᖅᑐ ᖓ
aliguq nirijaraangakku suranngittunnaqtunga
Loosely : I am able not to hurt myself whenever I eat glass .
aliguq >> glass ( uninflected because it is the patient of a transitive verb in an ergative language )
nirijaraangakku >>
" I eat him / her / it " in Frequentative mood ( all one verb with inflectional ending , no affixes whatsoever )
suranngittunnaqtunga >> suraq ( do permanent harm ) + nngit ( verb- negator ) + tunnaq ( ability ) + tunga ( intransitive ending , making the verb passive or reflexive )
See above about someone who knows the language , et cetera .
Script trivia : the syllable ᙱ is a single unicode character representing the two elements ᓐ ( syllable - final n ) and ᖏ ( syllable ngi ) .
I think they just did it that way because it looks tidier than the expected ᓐᖏ .
If your operating system did n't come with Euphemia ( all - purpose UCAS font ) , you can download Pigiarniq .
It comes with a jolly little inuksuk ᐀ that the Unicode Consortium is trying to make into a squatter .
English :
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog .
Jamaican : Chruu , a kwik di kwik brong fox a jomp huova di liezi daag de , yu no siit ?
Irish : " An ḃfuil do ċroí ag bualaḋ ó ḟaitíos an ġrá a ṁeall lena ṗóg éada ó ṡlí do leasa ṫú ? "
" D'ḟuascail Íosa Úrṁac na hÓiġe Beannaiṫe pór Éava agus Áḋaiṁ . "
Dutch :
Pa's wĳze lynx bezag vroom het fikse aquaduct .
German : Falsches Üben von Xylophonmusik quält jeden größeren Zwerg .
( 1 ) German :
Im finſteren Jagdſchloß am offenen Felsquellwaſſer patzte der affig - flatterhafte kauzig - höf‌liche Bäcker über ſeinem verſifften kniffligen C - Xylophon .
( 2 ) Norwegian : Blåbærsyltetøy ( " blueberry jam " , includes every extra letter used in Norwegian ) .
Danish :
Høj bly gom vandt fræk sexquiz på wc .
Swedish : Flygande bäckasiner söka strax hwila på mjuka tuvor .
Icelandic : Sævör grét áðan því úlpan var ónýt .
Finnish : ( 5 ) Törkylempijävongahdus
( This is a perfect pangram , every letter appears only once .
Translating it is an art on its own , but I 'll say " rude lover 's yelp " .
:- D) Finnish : ( 5 ) Albert osti fagotin ja töräytti puhkuvan melodian .
( Albert bought a bassoon and hooted an impressive melody . )
Finnish : ( 5 ) On sangen hauskaa , että polkupyörä on maanteiden jokapäiväinen ilmiö .
( It 's pleasantly amusing , that the bicycle is an everyday sight on the roads . )
Polish : Pchnąć w tę łódź jeża lub osiem skrzyń fig .
Czech : Příliš žluťoučký kůň úpěl ďábelské kódy .
Slovak : Starý kôň na hŕbe kníh žuje tíško povädnuté ruže , na stĺpe sa ďateľ učí kvákať novú ódu o živote .
Greek ( monotonic ) : ξε σ κεπάζω την ψυχοφ θ όρα βδελυ γμία Greek ( polytonic ) : ξε σ κεπάζω τὴν ψυχοφ θ όρα βδελυγμία Russian : Съешь же ещё этих мягких французских булок да выпей чаю .
Russian : В чащах юга жил - был цитрус ?
Да , но фальшивый экземпляр !
ёъ. Bulgarian : Жълтата дюля беше щастлива , че пухът , който цъфна , замръзна като гьон .
Sami ( Northern ) : Vuol Ruoŧa geđggiid leat máŋga luosa ja čuovžža .
Hungarian : Árvíztűrő tükörfúrógép .
Spanish : El pingüino Wenceslao hizo kilómetros bajo exhaustiva lluvia y frío , añoraba a su querido cachorro .
Portuguese : O próximo vôo à noite sobre o Atlântico , põe freqüentemente o único médico .
( 3 ) French : Les naïfs ægithales hâtifs pondant à Noël où il gèle sont sûrs d'être déçus en voyant leurs drôles d'œufs abîmés .
Esperanto : Eĥoŝanĝo ĉiuĵaŭde .
Hebrew : זה כיף סתם לשמוע איך תנצח קרפד עץ טוב בגן .
Japanese ( Hiragana ) : いろはにほへど ちりぬる を
わがよたれぞ つねなら む
うゐのおくやま けふこえ て
あさきゆめみじ ゑひもせ ず ( 4 )
Notes :
Other phrases commonly used in Germany include : " Ein wackerer Bayer vertilgt ja bequem zwo Pfund Kalbshaxe " and , more recently , " Franz jagt im komplett verwahrlosten Taxi quer durch Bayern " , but both lack umlauts and esszet .
Previously , going for the shortest sentence that has all the umlauts and special characters , I had " Grüße aus Bärenhöfe ( und Óechtringen ) ! "
Acute accents are not used in native German words , so I was surprised to discover " Óechtringen " in the Deutsche Bundespost Postleitzahlenbuch :
It 's a small village in eastern Lower Saxony .
The " oe " in this case turns out to be the Lower Saxon " lengthening e " ( Dehnungs -e ) , which makes the previous vowel long ( used in a number of Lower Saxon place names such as Soest and Itzehoe ) , not the " e " that indicates umlaut of the preceding vowel .
Many thanks to the Óechtringen - Namenschreibungsuntersuchungskomitee ( Alex Bochannek , Manfred Erren , Asmus Freytag , Christoph Päper , plus Werner Lemberg who serves as Óechtringen - Namenschreibungsuntersuchungskomiteerechtschreibungsprüfer ) for their relentless pursuit of the facts in this case .
Conclusion : the accent almost certainly does not belong on this ( or any other native German ) word , but neither can it be dismissed as dirt on the page .
To add to the mystery , it has been reported that other copies of the same edition of the PLZB do not show the accent !
UPDATE ( March 2006 ) : David Krings was intrigued enough by this report to contact the mayor of Ebstorf , of which Oechtringen is a borough , who responded : Sehr geehrter Mr. Krings ,
wenn Oechtringen irgendwo mit einem
Akzent auf dem O geschrieben wurde , dann kann das nur ein Fehldruck sein .
Die offizielle Schreibweise lautet jedenfalls „ Oechtringen “ .
Mit freundlichen Grüssen
Der Samtgemeindebürgermeister
i.A. Lothar Jessel From Karl Pentzlin ( Kochel am See , Bavaria , Germany ) : " This German phrase is suited for display by a Fraktur ( broken letter ) font .
It contains : all common three - letter ligatures : ffi ffl fft and all two - letter ligatures required by the Duden for Fraktur typesetting : ch ck ff fi fl ft ll ſch ſi ſſ ſt tz ( all in a manner such they are not part of a three - letter ligature ) , one example of f-l where German typesetting rules prohibit ligating ( marked by a ZWNJ ) , and all German letters a ...z , ä , ö, ü , ß , ſ [ long s ] ( all in a manner such that they are not part of a two - letter Fraktur ligature ) . "
Otto Stolz notes that " ' Schloß ' is now spelled ' Schloss ' , in contrast to ' größer ' ( example 4 ) which has kept its ' ß ' .
Fraktur has been banned from general use , in 1942 , and long -s ( ſ ) has ceased to be used with Antiqua ( Roman ) even earlier ( the latest Antiqua - ſ
I have seen is from 1913 , but then I am no expert , so there may well be a later instance . "
Later
Otto confirms the latter theory , " Now I 've run across a book “ Deutsche Rechtschreibung ” ( edited by Lutz Mackensen ) from 1954 ( my reprint is from 1956 ) that has kept the Antiqua -ſ in its dictionary part ( but neither in the preface nor in the appendix ) . "
Diaeresis is not used in Iberian Portuguese .
From Yurio Miyazawa : " This poetry contains all the sounds in the Japanese language and used to be the first thing for children to learn in their Japanese class .
The Hiragana version is particularly neat because it covers every character in the phonetic Hiragana character set . "
Yurio also sent the Kanji version : 色は匂へど 散りぬる を
我が世誰ぞ 常なら む
有為の奥山 今日越え て
浅き夢見じ 酔ひもせず Finnish pangrams from Mikko Ristilä .
Accented Cyrillic :
( This section contributed by Vladimir Marinov . )
In Bulgarian it is desirable , customary , or in some cases required to write accents over vowels .
Unfortunately , no computer character sets contain the full repertoire of accented Cyrillic letters .
With Unicode , however , it is possible to combine any Cyrillic letter with any combining accent .
The appearance of the result depends on the font and the rendering engine .
Here are two examples .
Той видя бялата коса́ по главата и́ и ко́са на рамото и́ , и ре́че да и́ рече́ : " Пара́т а по́ па́ри от па́рата , не ща пари́ ! " , но си поми́сли : " Хей , помисли́ си !
А́ и́ река , а́ е скочила в тази река , която щеше да тече́ , а не те́че . "
По пъ́тя пъту́ват кю́рди и югославя́ни .
АБВГДЕЖЗИЙКЛМНОПРСТУФХЦЧШЩЪЫЬЭЮЯ
( Literal UTF - 8 ) АБВГДЕЖЗИЙКЛМНОПРСТУФХЦЧШЩЪЫЬЭЮЯ
( Decimal numeric character reference ) АБВГДЕЖЗИЙКЛМНОПРСТУФХЦЧШЩЪЫЬЭЮЯ
( Hexadecimal numeric character reference )
In another test , we use HTML language tags to distinguish Bulgarian , Russian , and Serbian , which have different italic forms for lowercase б , г , д , п , and / or т :
Bulgarian : [ бгдпт ] [ бгдпт ]
Мога да ям стъкло и не ме боли .
Russian : [ бгдпт ] [ бгдпт ]
Я могу есть стекло , это мне не вредит .
Serbian : [ бгдпт ] [ бгдпт ]
Могу јести стакло а да ми не шкоди .
Credits :
The " I can eat glass " phrase and the initial collection of translations : Ethan Mollick .
Transcription / conversion to UTF - 8 : Frank da Cruz .
Albanian : Sindi Keesan .
Afrikaans : Johan Fourie , Kevin Poalses .
Anglo Saxon : Frank da Cruz .
Arabic : Najib Tounsi .
Armenian : Vaçe Kundakçı .
Belarusian : Alexey Chernyak , Patricia Clausnitzer .
Bengali : Somnath Purkayastha , Deepayan Sarkar .
Bislama : Dan McGarry .
Bosnian : Dmitrij D. Czarkoff .
Braille : Frank da Cruz .
Bulgarian : Sindi Keesan , Guentcho Skordev , Vladimir Marinov .
Burmese : " cetanapa " .
Cabo Verde Creole : Cláudio Alexandre Duarte .
Catalán : Jordi Bancells .
Chinese : Jack Soo , Wong Pui Lam .
Chinook Jargon : David Robertson .
Cornish : Chris Stephens .
Croatian : Dmitrij D. Czarkoff , Marjan Baće .
Czech : Stanislav Pecha , Radovan Garabík .
Danish : Morten Due Jorgensen .
Dutch : Peter Gotink .
Pim Blokland , Rob Daniel , Rob de Wit. Erzian : Jack Rueter .
Esperanto : Franko Luin , Radovan Garabík .
Estonian : Meelis Roos .
Faroese : Jón Gaasedal .
Farsi / Persian : Payam Elahi .
Fijian : Paul Cannon .
Finnish : Sampsa Toivanen , Mikko Ristilä .
French : Luc Carissimo , Anne Colin du Terrail , Sean M. Burke , Theo Morelli .
Galician : Laura Probaos .
Georgian : Giorgi Lebanidze .
German : Christoph Päper , Otto Stolz , Karl Pentzlin , David Krings , Frank da Cruz , Peter Keel ( Seegras ) , Elias Glantschnig .
Gothic : Aurélien Coudurier .
Greek : Ariel Glenn , Constantine Stathopoulos , Siva Nataraja , Christos Georgiou .
Hebrew : Jonathan Rosenne , Tal Barnea .
Hausa : Malami Buba , Tom Gewecke .
Hawaiian : na Hauʻoli Motta , Anela de Rego , Kaliko Trapp .
Hindi : Shirish Kalele , Nitin Dahra .
Hungarian : András Rácz , Mark Holczhammer .
Icelandic : Andrés Magnússon , Sveinn Baldursson .
International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA ) : Siva Nataraja / Vincent Ramos .
Inuktitut : Louise Hope .
Irish : Michael Everson , Marion Gunn , James Kass , Curtis Clark .
Italian : Thomas De Bellis .
Jamaican : Stephen J. Cherin .
Japanese : Makoto Takahashi , Yurio Miyazawa .
Kannada : Sridhar R N , Alok G. Singh .
Karelian : Aleksandr Semakov .
Khmer : Tola Sann . Kirchröadsj : Roger Stoffers .
Kreyòl : Sean M. Burke .
Korean : Jungshik Shin. Langenfelder Platt : David Krings .
Lao : Tola Sann. Lëtzebuergescht : Stefaan Eeckels .
Lingala : Denis Moyogo Jacquerye ( Nkóta ya Kɔ́ngɔ míbalé ) ( Nkóta ya Kɔ́ngɔ míbal ) .
Lithuanian : Gediminas Grigas .
Lojban : Edward Cherlin .
Lusatian : Ronald Schaffhirt .
Macedonian : Sindi Keesan .
Malay : Zarina Mustapha .
Maltese : Kenneth Joseph Vella .
Manx : Éanna Ó Brádaigh .
Marathi : Shirish Kalele .
Marquesan : Kaliko Trapp .
Middle English : Frank da Cruz .
Milanese : Marco Cimarosti .
Mongolian : Tom Gewecke .
Montenegran : Dmitrij D. Czarkoff .
Napoletano : Diego Quintano .
Navajo : Tom Gewecke .
Nórdicg : Yẃlyan Rott. Nepali : Ujjwol Lamichhane , Rabi Tripathi .
Norwegian : Herman Ranes , Håvard Kvålen .
Odenwälderisch : Alexander Heß. Old Irish : Michael Everson .
Old Norse : Andrés Magnússon .
Papiamentu : Bianca and Denise Zanardi .
Pashto : N.R. Liwal .
Pfälzisch : Dr. Johannes Sander .
Picard : Philippe Mennecier .
Polish : Juliusz Chroboczek , Paweł Przeradowski , Wlodzislaw Kostecki .
Portuguese : " Cláudio " Alexandre Duarte , Bianca and Denise Zanardi , Pedro Palhoto Matos , Wagner Amaral .
Québécois : Laurent Detillieux .
Roman : Pierpaolo Bernardi .
Romanian : Juliusz Chroboczek , Ionel Mugurel .
Romansch : Alexandre Suter .
Ruhrdeutsch : " Timwi " .
Russian : Alexey Chernyak , Serge Nesterovitch .
Sami : Anne Colin du Terrail , Luc Carissimo .
Sanskrit : Siva Nataraja / Vincent Ramos .
Sächsisch : André Müller .
Schwäbisch : Otto Stolz .
Scots : Jonathan Riddell .
Serbian : Dmitrij D. Czarkoff , Sindi Keesan , Ranko Narancic , Boris Daljevic , Szilvia Csorba , O. Dag. Sinhalese : Abdul - Ahad ( ASM ) .
Slovak : G. Adam Stanislav , Radovan Garabík .
Slovenian : Albert Kolar .
Spanish : Aleida Morel , Laura Probaos .
Swahili : Ronald Schaffhirt .
Swedish : Christian Rose , Bengt Larsson .
Taiwanese : Henry H. Tan -Tenn .
Tagalog : Jim Soliven .
Tamil : Vasee Vaseeharan , Vetrivel P. Telugu : Arjuna Rao Chavala .
Tibetan : D. Germano , Tom Gewecke .
Thai : Alan Wood 's wife .
Turkish : Vaçe Kundakçı , Tom Gewecke , Merlign Olnon .
Ukrainian : Michael Zajac , Oleg Podsadny .
Ulster Gaelic : Ciarán Ó Duibhín .
Urdu : Mustafa Ali. Vietnamese : Dixon Au , [ James ]
Đỗ Bá Phước 杜 伯 福 .
Walloon : Pablo Saratxaga .
Welsh : Geiriadur Prifysgol Cymru ( Andrew ) .
Yiddish : Mark David .
Zeneise : Angelo Pavese .
Tools Used to Create This Web Page : The UTF8 - aware Kermit 95 terminal emulator on Windows , to a Unix host with the EMACS text editor .
Kermit 95 displays UTF - 8 and also allows keyboard entry of arbitrary Unicode BMP characters as 4 hex digits , as shown HERE .
Hex codes for Unicode values can be found in The Unicode Standard ( recommended ) and the online code charts .
When submissions arrive by email encoded in some other character set ( Latin - 1 , Latin - 2 , KOI , various PC code pages , JEUC , etc ) , I use the TRANSLATE command of C - Kermit on the Unix host ( where I read my mail ) to convert the character set to UTF - 8 ( I could also use Kermit 95 for this ; it has the same TRANSLATE command ) .
That 's it -- no " Web authoring " tools , no locales , no " smart " anything .
It 's just plain text , nothing more .
By the way , there 's nothing special about EMACS -- any text editor will do , providing it allows entry of arbitrary 8 - bit bytes as text , including the 0x80 - 0x9 F " C1 " range .
EMACS 21.1 actually supports UTF - 8 ; earlier versions do n't know about it and display the octal codes ; either way is OK for this purpose .
Commentary : Date : Wed , 27 Feb 2002 13:21:59 +0100
From : " Bruno DEDOMINICIS " < b.dedominicis@cite-sciences.fr >
Subject :
Je peux manger du verre , cela ne me fait pas mal .
I just found out your website and it makes me feel like proposing an interpretation of the choice of this peculiar phrase .
Glass is transparent and can hurt as everyone knows .
The relation between people and civilisations is sometimes effusional and more often rude .
The concept of breaking frontiers through globalization , in a way , is also an attempt to deny any difference .
Is n't " transparency " the flag of modernity ?
Nothing should be hidden any more , authority is obsolete , and the new powers are supposed to reign through loving and smiling and no more through coercion ...
Eating glass without pain sounds like a very nice metaphor of this attempt .
That is , frontiers should become glass transparent first , and be denied by incorporating them .
On the reverse , it shows that through globalization , frontiers undergo a process of displacement , that is , when they are not any more speakable , they become repressed from the speech and are therefore incorporated and might become painful symptoms , as for example what happens when one tries to eat glass .
The frontiers that used to separate bodies one from another tend to divide bodies from within and make them suffer ....
The chosen phrase then appears as a denial of the symptom that might result from the destitution of traditional frontiers .
Best ,
Bruno De Dominicis , Paris , France
Other Unicode pages onsite :
Unicode samplers and resources offsite :
Unicode fonts :
[ Kermit 95 ] [ K95 Screen Shots ] [ C- Kermit ] [ Kermit Home ] [ Display Problems ? ] [ The Unicode Consortium ]
British police are searching a house in Leeds linked to Mr al - Nashar
Habib al - Adli told Egyptian newspaper Al - Jumhuriyah media speculation about Magdi Mahmoud al - Nashar was groundless .
He also denied agents of the British security services had participated in Mr al - Nashar 's interrogation in Cairo .
Unofficial sources in Cairo and London say British agents are observing the 33 - year - old 's ongoing interrogation .
The Egyptians are doing everything possible to cooperate , the sources say .
Mr al - Adli told Al - Jumhuriyah that reports elsewhere in the British and Arab media linking Mr al - Nashar to al - Qaeda were " groundless " and based on a hasty conclusion .
Interior Minister Habib al - Adli has said that 33 - year old Egyptian Chemist Dr Magdi al - Nashar , who has been arrested recently by the security forces , has no connection with the terrorist al - Qaeda organisation
Al - Jumhuriyah
Egyptian press jolted by biochemist 's arrest
The ministry on Friday released an extract from the interrogation in which Mr al - Nashar denied having any role in the attacks .
He had told investigators he was on holiday , all his belongings remained in the UK and he planned to return there , the ministry said in a statement .
British police are searching a house in Leeds linked to Mr al - Nashar .
They have turned their attention to finding those who may have helped the bombers carry out last Thursday 's attacks - in which 55 people died , including three bombers .
They know three of the bombers were from West Yorkshire - Hussain , 18 , of Holbeck , Leeds ; Shehzad Tanweer , 22 , of Beeston , Leeds , and Mohammad Sidique Khan , 30 , of Dewsbury - and are searching their homes .
They are also searching the home of the fourth bomber , Germaine Lindsay , a Jamaican - born man who lived in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire .
Meanwhile Britain's top Muslims have branded the London suicide bombings " utterly criminal , totally reprehensible , and absolutely un - Islamic " .
A joint statement of condemnation came as 22 leaders and scholars met at the Islamic Cultural Centre , in London .
HAVE YOUR SAY Mutual respect between religions is the way forward , which can only be ascertained by allaying fears and listening to the concerns of local people
Eddie Espie , Cookstown
Send us your comments
Muslim leaders said there could never be any excuse for taking an innocent life , it said .
The statement said everyone must confront the problems of Islamophobia , racism , unemployment , economic deprivation and social exclusion .
Of the Muslim stance on suicide bombing , the leaders said : " There can never be any excuse for taking an innocent life .
" The Koran clearly declares that killing an innocent person was tantamount to killing all mankind and likewise saving a single life was as if one had saved the life of all mankind .
Those who carried out the bombing , the statement said , " should in no sense be regarded as martyrs " .
Both Muslims and non-Muslims should help bring the people behind the bombing to justice , it said .
We are devastated our son may have been brainwashed into carrying out such an atrocity
Mohammad Sidique Khan's
Family says bomber ' brainwashed '
" The pursuit of justice for the victims of last week 's attacks is an obligation under the faith of Islam . "
But Britain 's highest ranking Asian police officer , Tarique Ghaffur , says Muslims and their leaders must do more than just condemn the bombings .
In his only interview on the attacks , Mr Ghaffur , the Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner , urged Muslims and their leaders to inform on potential terrorists and their supporters .
The police would protect informers , using the lessons learned from tackling serious and organised crime , the head of the Met 's serious crimes directorate added .
They would have to engage better with minorities - but the minorities would have to take the first step , he said .
An air of radicalism had been building up among a minority of Muslims , Mr Ghaffur added .
In other developments :
Mohammad Sidique Khan 's family say they believe the Circle Line bomber could have been " brainwashed " by terrorists .
The family of 18 - year - old London bomber Hasib Mir Hussain said they were " devastated " at his involvement .
Forty - one bomb victims have been identified and 31 named .
The government plans new criminal offences of providing or receiving training in the use of hazardous substances ; of acts preparatory to terrorism ; and of inciting terrorism indirectly , Home Office minister Hazel Blears said .
It emerged bomber Mohammad Sadique Khan , a teacher , met MPs Hilary Benn and Jon Trickett during his school 's trip to the Palace of Westminster in July 2004 .
Antifa - Symbole im Ländle nix gut
Stuttgarter Staatsanwaltschaft klagt Versandhändler an : Durchgestrichene Hakenkreuze seien zu missverständlich
BERLIN taz ■ Ein Strichmännchen , das ein Hakenkreuz in eine Mülltonne kloppt , könnte schon bald zum beliebten Symbol unter Neonazis werden .
Das befürchtet die Stuttgarter Staatsanwaltschaft .
Sie hat daher Anklage gegen den Chef des Versandhandels „ Nix - Gut “ erhoben , der solche und andere klassische Antifa - Symbole vertreibt .
Das weggeworfene Hakenkreuz könne schließlich auch ganz anders verstanden werden : Vielleicht holt das Männchen das Nazi -Symbol ja aus der Tonne heraus ?
Die Staatsanwaltschaft will mit ihrer Anklage gegen Jürgen Kamm , den Betreiber des schwäbischen Punk - Versandhandels , Grundsätzliches klären lassen .
Ist das Verwenden und Vertreiben eines deformierten Hakenkreuzes strafbar ?
Die Behörde sorgt sich , dass ausländische Touristen die Symbole missverstehen könnten .
Außerdem könnte durch ihre massenhafte Verbreitung das Hakenkreuz langfristig wieder salonfähig werden .
„ Es gibt auf diesem Gebiet unterschiedliche Rechtsauffassungen “ , sagt Staatsanwältin Beddies .
„ Wir wollen mit unserer Klage Rechtssicherheit schaffen . “
Die Behörde hat daher gleich beim Landesgericht Anklage erhoben .
Nach einer Revision gelangt der Fall so direkt an den Bundesgerichtshof , und eine höchstrichterliche Entscheidung wäre gefunden .
Im August 2005 bekam der Angeklagte Jürgen Kamm Besuch von der Polizei .
Die beschlagnahmte 10.000 Artikel mit vermeintlich missverständlichen Hakenkreuzen .
Ein Schaden von 80.000 Euro , klagt Kamm .
Aber der Unternehmer wollte nicht klein beigeben : „ Wir haben uns nach langem Ringen dazu entschlossen , die Antifa - Produkte weiter zu verkaufen . “
Die machen immerhin 15 Prozent des ganzen Sortiments aus .
Kamm kann die Staatsanwaltschaft nicht verstehen .
„ Sie argumentiert , dass Ausländer die Symbole missverstehen könnten “ , sagt er . „ Aber wird man im Ausland verstehen , dass in Deutschland wieder Antifaschisten verfolgt werden ? “
Antifa - Symbole hatten die Behörden in Baden - Württemberg schon letzte Woche beschäftigt , als ein Student vom Tübinger Landesgericht freigesprochen wurde , der einen Button mit einem durchgestrichenen Hakenkreuz getragen hatte .
Das Gericht war der Auffassung , dass der Anstecker ausdrücklich eine antifaschistische Gesinnung ausdrücke .
Das rote Verbotszeichen über dem Hakenkreuz sei international bekannt , Missverständnisse seien ausgeschlossen .
TORSTEN GELLNER
Last updated on : July 11 , 2006 23:59 IST
S even blasts rocked suburban trains in Mumbai on Tuesday evening , Police Commissioner A N Roy has said .
The police control room has reported that 174 passengers have been killed and more than 300 injured .
PTI reports that the blasts took place in a span of 30 minutes in first class compartments of suburban trains .
As the blasts ripped apart train compartments , mangled bodies of passengers were hurled out and survivors , many of them bleeding profusely , jostled to come out , leading to chaotic scenes .
The blasts occured between 6 pm and 6.30 pm at Matunga , Mahim ( central Mumbai ) , Bandra , Khar ( in north - west Mumbai ) , Borivili , Jogeshwari and Mira Road railway stations ( in north Mumbai ) .
Rediff.com 's Syed Firdaus Ashraf , who was at Mahim railway station soon after reports of the blast came in , said he could see one train compartment was completely blown up in the explosion , and people were carrying bodies away .
Commuters said an explosion went off in the men's first class compartment on a Western Railway local , which left Churgate station in South Mumbai at 1754 , as it was leaving Mahim station on track 3 at around 1820 hours .
The chronology of the seven bomb blasts that ripped through the seven suburban trains at various stations during the peak hour on Tuesday evening is as follows :
Khar -- 1824 hrs
Bandra -- 1824 hrs
Jogeshwari -- 1825 hrs
Mahim -- 1826 hrs
Mira Road -- 1829 hrs
Matunga -- 1830 hrs
Borivali -- 1835 hrs
A fire brigade official who came on the scene later said he believes that more than 25 injured were removed from the bombed out compartment .
Advocate Chandrakant Dalvi , who was travelling to his home in Dahisar by this compartment , was sitting on the tracks in a daze when rediff .
com 's reporters met him .
He said he could not hear anything in his left ear .
He had already got in touch with his relatives to say he was safe , but he had not told them that he was on the train .
The fire brigade personnel were sending him to the nearest hospital for a check - up .
He said he would take a cab and go home .
Around the tracks seat - cushioning material was lying around , among chappals and shoes and bags .
Luggage removed from the compartment was lying on the other side .
Outside the station the road had been cordoned off and two fire engines were posted .
But onlookers could view the wreckage from the footbridge and the road .
Two local trains were halted on either side of the bombed train and there was a rush of people leaving the station who were hitching rides home with lorries and tempos .
TV channel CNN - IBN was reporting that atleast 15 people were killed in the Matunga / Mahim blast .
The Western Railway has suspended its suburban services soon after the blasts .
Local telephone lines were jammed as panic - stricken commuters called their near and dear ones to alert them of the blasts .
Commuters said there was no sign of the police even 30 minutes after the blasts .
A PTI reporter at Santa Cruz station said a blast rocked a Borivali - bound local at 1824 hours , and seven to eight injured commuters jumped out of the speeding train in panic .
At least 10 bodies were brought to the KEM Hospital in central Mumbai , and another 20 seriously injured people were admitted to it .
A few more injured were reportedly taken to the government hospital at Sion in central Mumbai , Bhabha Hospital and V N Desai Hospital from the blast sites in western Mumbai suburbs , hospital sources said .
The police have cordoned off all railway stations on the Western line and strict frisking and checking was being carried out at the Central and Harbour sections of local train services .
Police suspect that it is a pre-planned subversive plot similar to the explosions that had rocked Mumbai in 1993 , 2002 and 2003 .
During our time at the Winter Founders Program , all of the startup groups pitched their idea to about 40 angels and venture capitalists at an event put on by Y Combinator called Angel Day .
In addition to Angel Day , we also pitched Wufoo to about 5 - 10 investors in follow - up presentations .
After a few meetings , we started to notice the same questions being asked over and over again .
If you ’ve never met with angels or VCs and are curious as to what they might want to know , here is a list of the more common questions we fielded .
1 ) Who else have you spoken to ?
I believe every single investor asked this early on and I ’m not completely sure why they cared so much since they should be basing their judgment and strategy on the strength of the idea and not on its popularity .
I think it ’s because Silicon Valley is a lot like high school in that you ’re basically as cool as the people who talk to you .
Being funded by Sequoia , is not unlike dating the hottest cheerleader in the squad .
Then again , maybe it ’s just natural human curiosity .
Either way , it ’s a good idea to keep at the top of your head who you ’ve talked to and their appropriate place in the pecking order .
2 ) How will you make money ?
If Adsense is your stratetgy , you might want to start thinking of some alternate revenue models .
After one investor asked us this question , he quickly said under his breath in a little prayer , “ Please do n’t say Adsense.â€ 
If you already have a million users , then the investors are going to listen to you no matter what you have planned .
That said , investors are getting hip to the notion that funding a Web 2.0 startup that ’s obsessed more with the technology than the revenue is just asking for trouble .
If you need help thinking of alternative revenue models , I highly recommend checking out Startup Pricing Models and Giving Your Software Away For Free for some good reading on the subject .
3 ) How will your company grow ?
Investors want a return on their investment , and they naturally want to see you grow your market .
I believe going over this question with your co-founders is a great exercise , because your company in three years is going to be very different from what it is right now .
Always good to have everyone on the same page about how things should pan out .
It does n’t have to be detailed , just think about whether your growth strategy is going to be achieved by creating new product lines , reaching foreign markets , or adding some nifty features .
4 ) What technologies do you use ?
We ’ve noticed that a lot of the investors are ex-programmers and enjoy showing off a little programming speak , but why they all care about this just stumps me .
Basically , we ’ve seen every kind of language being gobbled up by the big boys .
When it comes down to it , it does n’t seem to matter whether you write your application in Ruby , PHP , Python , ColdFusion or even .
NET .
Users pay attention to the ends , not the means .
Instead of asking whether we think MySQL can really handle a large set of users , they should be asking us is how we ’re planning to keep our interface intuitive and responsive .
On a related note , mentioning buzzwords like AJAX or standards does n’t seem to matter all that much to anyone out there .
5 ) How easily can you be copied ?
If you ’re writing a web app , chances are there are a lot of other teams who could create a similar program ( if you ’ve got no competitors you might be working on the wrong thing ) .
We tried to be as honest as possible when answering people , so our standard response to this one went something like this : “ Um , not to toot our own horns , but we ’re pretty good at what we do , but nothing changes the fact that Wufoo is a computer program written by three guys in a couple of months .
We believe completely in our team and our implementation and know it wo n’t be easy to duplicate what we ’ve done , but if another quality team comes along and wants to copy us , there ’s nothing we can do to stop them .
Our plan is to win by being more innovative , more dedicated , faster and more customer - savvy than anyone else out there . ”
6 ) Can we see the demo ?
Everyone in Silicon Valley has an idea , and many of them are similar .
Investors want to see the goods .
We had one investor invite us out to a casual dinner , and when we did n’t have our laptops with us , we ended up taking him to our messy apartment full of pizza boxes and soda cans because he wanted to see the demo then and there .
We got a follow - up meeting and an offer out of it , so it ’s good to know that a working demo is more important than cleanliness .
Basically , always assume they have n’t seen your online public demo and have that localhost version on your laptop ready to go .
7 ) Who are your competitors and how are you better / different ?
Unless you just invented a teleportation system , research your competitors and be ready to answer what you can do better than everyone else out there .
Do n’t even try and avoid this question because about two days after any meeting , you ’re going to receive an email asking you to detail how you ’re better than 20 other companies the investor just Googled .
8 ) Who are your customers ?
The trick to this question is to be specific .
You ’ll want to have examples of who is using , who will use , and who wants to use your product .
At Startup School , Ann Winblad from Hummer Winblad said they will even contact companies you mention as potential customers during the due diligence period to verify their legitimacy as a customer .
9 ) How will you spread the word about your product ?
This was my favorite question , because we could usually nail it .
Investors understand the power of word of mouth marketing , and you win bonus points if you can demonstrate the ability to quickly spread the word .
One of our biggest selling points was the fact that we have a decent blog , we belong to the 9rules network , and we were able to reach over 50,000 unique people in a matter of days when we released our public interface demo .
10 ) What will your market penetration be ?
This was actually only asked of us once , but I had to add it to emphasize that you do n’t need to spew out a bunch of BS to impress investors .
We could have made up something you probably heard in an MBA class , but instead just said , “ We honestly do n’t know .â€ 
And that ’s the truth , because I ca n’t even begin to guess what percentage of the available form building market we are going to get .
The investor was a little bit shocked with the answer , but it definitely was n’t a deal breaker .
If you ’d like to learn more , I ’d also recommend taking a look at the topics Brad Feld would like to see all entrepreneurs incorporate in their pitches .
Lindsay Lohan : ' I Look Like Marilyn Monroe '....
Tagged in Lindsay Lohan
is stunned after being compared to Hollywood beauties Marilyn Monroe and Sharon Stone .
The actress reveals Stone herself and a close friend of Monroe have approached to remark on the likenesses - and she 's staggered to be compared to such Tinseltown aristocracy .
She says , " Marilyn 's best friend came over at the event ( at which she wore a Monroe - inspired dress ) and said she 'd been taken aback because she thought I looked so much like Marilyn .
It was incredible .
" Recently Sharon Stone told me , ' There 's a picture of you in a white dress and you look just like me . '
I was so flattered . "
Clearing floats
No compatibility problems .
Incredible , is n't it ?
Discuss this page .
A common problem with float - based layouts is that the floats ' container does n't want to stretch up to accomodate the floats .
If you want to add , say , a border around all floats ( ie. a border around the container ) you 'll have to command the browsers somehow to stretch up the container all the way .
The problem
Let 's try it .
This is the CSS we 'll use throughout the page :
div.container { border : 1 px solid # 000000 ; } div.left { width : 45 % ; float : left ; } div.right { width : 45 % ; float : right ; }
Now this happens :
The left column .
The left column .
The left column .
The left column .
The right column .
The right column .
The right column .
We want the black border to go around both our floating columns .
That does n't happen , though .
The container div itself has no height , since it only contains floating elements .
Therefore the border stubbornly stays at the top of the floating columns .
The old solution
The old solution to this problem required you to add an extra element with clear : both to the container .
Once it was in place the container contained a non-floating element , which means it stretches itself up to accomodate it :
The left column .
The left column .
The left column .
The left column .
The right column .
The right column .
The right column .
clearer div with clear : both
This can be done either by adding the extra element in the HTML source code ( as the example above does ) or by using the : after pseudo - class to generate it .
Since Explorer ( Win and Mac ) does n't support : after this second solution was mainly of theoretical interest .
In any case , adding an HTML element for presentation 's sake is something we 've learned to avoid .
Unfortunately the problem could not be solved in any other way , until now .
The new solution
It was Alex Walker who first posted a new , simpler solution , though he gives the credits for actually inventing it to Paul O'Brien .
In any case , the solution seems to be :
div.container { border : 1 px solid # 000000 ; overflow : auto ; width : 100 % }
The width is necessary to trigger " hasLayout " in Explorer Windows ( except for 7 ) .
This works :
The left column .
The left column .
The left column .
The left column .
The right column .
The right column .
The right column .
Now the border neatly fits around the floated elements .
The tricky bits
A few points merit extra attention :
The trick works with three of the four overflow values : auto , hidden and scroll .
Of course , using the last value will show scrollbars , regardless of whether they 're needed or not .
Some browsers also need a width or height for the container div .
The browser may show scrollbars when the content escapes beyond the specified width .
width or height required
The use of a width or height declaration is required to make the effect work in Explorer Windows and Opera .
If you do n't include it Explorer Windows continues to show the border at the top of the columns , as if there were no overflow .
Opera completely hides the content of the container .
A width : 100 % is a neat starting point , although more complicated layouts may require other values .
Explorer Mac : hidden
If Explorer Mac is still important to you , use overflow : hidden .
This browser always shows scrollbars when you use overflow : auto ; and I 'm not sure why .
Unwanted scrollbars
As Dave Shea noted , this solution might cause unwanted scrollbars if the content escapes from the container box .
Personally I wonder if this will be a serious problem .
overflow : hidden makes sure that no scrollbars will ever be visible .
Of course some content might be hidden instead , but if we make very sure that
the height of the container remains flexible ( ie. " as much as needed " ) the widths of the combined floats never exceed the width of the container , and preferably remain slightly smaller to allow for some flexibility
this problem will never creep up .
On the other hand , never say never .
In pure tests like the ones above the effect works fine .
In real - world sites , where there 's plenty more CSS to confuse browsers , something will eventually go wrong somewhere .
Until we reach that point , though , this technique will do nicely .
The complete effect
For completeness ' sake , here 's the code you need :
div.container { border : 1 px solid # 000000 ; overflow : hidden ; width : 100 % ; } div.left { width : 45 % ; float : left ; } div.right { width : 45 % ; float : right ; }
An engineer friend of mine recently wrote me to ask me what the " MBA Job Market " is like .
He is tired of his job and wants to get an MBA at night school so he can " make $ 100 k a year . "
Having gotten an MBA fairly recently ( May 2004 ) , I felt like I had something to say about the topic .
Here 's how I responded to him via email : " There is only an " MBA Job Market " if you deal with on campus recruiting where companies come in looking for MBA students .
Otherwise , you 're just a member of the general job market , with the additional weapon in your arsenal of having an MBA .
Every job hunt is different depending on your location , your focus , your motivation etc ....
I graduated in May and took a few weeks off at first .
I had some interviews while still in town ( notably the one that day we had our water shut off and I wasnt able to shower for it ) I was focused on getting a job in equity research at first , and surprisingly , I was able to get a solid number of good interviews .
I limited my efforts to that area .
Nobody gave me the job though .
I 'm not sure why .
I 'm passionate about the field .
Maybe it was because I did n't have an ivy league MBA and was competing against those who did .
I wasnt worried though because I was living at home for free .
I spent a lot of time remodeling the house with my contractor brother in law .
I studied for the CFA exam a bit ( later failed it in december ) .
Faced with no job , I needed income so I applied for and absolutely aced the interview for a temp job .
An MBA willing to work a temp job is like a gold nugget .
The guy at the temp firm repeatedly called me after the interview to find out exactly what I said and did so he could coach other candidates on how to interview like that .
While I was there , I made like $ 22 an hour and got a good amount of overtime .
But I was hoping to get a real job with benefits and a future .
So I applied at a few places , my current company being one of those .
The position fit really well with what I was looking for , and I had the skills to fit with what they were looking for .
I accepted the job and started in January .
So you can look at it and say that it took me 8 months to get a " real " job , but like i said it was a special case .
I worked for about 2 - 3 months at the temp firm in the meantime .
( They put me at a big investment bank ) .
I guess the way to look at it is , the MBA is no way a " free ticket . " you really have to pay attention to where you 're going and use it as something to help you get there .
It is in no way a " ticket " to a better job .
Another thing to consider : when I got my mba I was 25 years old .
The average age for an MBA graduate is more like 29 .
These people have 4 more years of experience than me , so naturally you 'd expect my salary to fall below the average .
The broad picture is I was making about $ 40 in 2002 before b-school and felt underemployed .
I was bored with what I was doing .
Now I 'm making more like $ 60 - 70 k and I 'm feeling involved , I 'm learning , and I 'm even challenged on occasion .
On the surface this makes the MBA look great , but I know plenty of people making my salary who did n't go for an MBA .
This means that in addition to being paid the same amount as me , they didnt spend $ 50 k on tuition and room and board over the 2002 - 2004 period , and they made lets call it $ 40 k in 2002 - 03 and $ 50 k in 2003 - 04 while I was in school .
So right now they are $ 140 k richer than me .
If I get the same promotions as them for the rest of my life , from a purely financial standpoint the MBA would not have been worth it .
And you know who gets promotions ?
Not the guy with the MBA .
The guy who does the most and impresses the most people , regardless of mba or not .
The guy who is a better perceived worker and leader .
So some charismatic , smart guy will easily outpace me in future earnings power .
Anyway I guess the point im trying to make in slashdot terms is that the MBA is much less " binary " than people think it is .
Its not the guaranteed path to money .
It does n't put you in a different league from other workers your competing against for jobs , in short its no guarantee either way .
Can it be a good tool ?
Sure .
The world is in a state of constant flux though .
Lets say 10 years from now the american monetary system collapses , there is nuclear holocaust , and we retreat to an agrarian society .
Your MBA is worthless .
In fact its a detriment because you dont know how to grow anything .
You spent your time on computers .
Or lets say the Middle East stops exporting oil to the USA .
We would n't be able to live in the Northeast because it would be too cold during the winter .
Your home , most people 's biggest asset , will become worthless .
Canada will move south , we will move south , and society will revert to anarchy .
Those with the most guns will control the food supply and guys like you and me will most likely be shot or trampled trying to cross the border into North Carolina or meet some other unremarkable end .
What will your MBA be worth then ?
In fact , now that I think of it , you 're better off putting your tuition dollars elsewhere .
Take some firearms training courses , some wilderness survival courses and start a subsistence farm .
Convert all of your US dollars into gold and silver .
Do it while you still have time ! "
La Catedral de Santiago de Compostela es una de las principales atracciones de esta ciudad turística , en ella se pueden observar años de arte y arquitectura perfectas , una edificación que tiene sus orígenes en el año 1211 y que desde …
Absolutely not .
That was an erroneous report .
If anybody has violated the law , they 'll be held accountable , both as to criminal conduct and as to civil conduct .
And in no way did I promise amnesty or immunity or letting anybody off the hook .
We will be moving ahead , I hope shortly , with the leader calling the bill to the floor so that we can make a determination on judicial review to see to it that whatever wiretapping is going on is judicially approved .
It may be that some cases will come up collaterally .
There are a number of cases in district courts .
The one in Portland may have standing .
I do not propose , in my legislation , to strip any court of jurisdiction where a case has been started and has proceeded .
I think , in the course of business , the matters ought to be referred to the FISA court , but not for any jurisdiction stripping where courts have proceeded .
In any case before any court challenging the legality of classified information intelligence activity relating to a foreign threat , including an electronic surveillance program , or in which the legality of any such program or activity is in issue , if the Attorney General files an affidavit under oath that the case should be transferred to the Foreign Intelligence Court of Review because further proceedings in the originating court would harm the national security of the United States , the originating court shall transfer the case to the Foreign Intelligence Court of Review for further proceedings under this subsection .
the FISA court
What I have sought to accomplish is to have this program reviewed ; and the President has made a commitment , confirmed by the White House , that this program will be submitted for judicial review .
UPDATE
Compare
with
In June , both the ACLU and The Washington Post 's Walter Pincus reported that the FISA bill proposed by Arlen Specter would expressly immunize Bush officials from any legal consequences arising out of their illegal eavesdropping -- giving them what Pincus called " blanket amnesty " -- by retroactively legalizing warrantless eavesdropping going back to 1978 .
But that weekend , Specter went on CNN with Wolf Blitzer and categorically denied that his bill contained any such provision , stating :
At the time of Specter 's denial on national television , there was no copy of his bill available online , so I actually wrote a post aggressively criticizing Pincus for his erroneous claim , because I assumed that Sen .
Specter ( due to self - interest , if for no other reason ) would not go on national television and categorically deny that his bill contained what amounts to a Congressional pardon for the administration if it really did contain such a provision .
But once a copy of Specter 's became available that week , it turned out that Specter 's billAs I wrote at the time , the Post and the ACLU were completely correct and Specter -- in order to make his bill seem less draconian than it really was -- simply lied about what his own bill said ( that express amnesty provision was thereafter removed from the bill , though the effect of the current Specter bill might be the same ) .
In order to manipulate enactment of his FISA bill this week , Specter is lying again about his own bill .
I have a high threshold for using the word " lie " ; I try to avoid it whenever possible and use it only when there is no other accurate description for someone 's conduct .
That is the case here .
There are currently pending around the country various lawsuits against the Bush administration ( and telecom companies ) which allege that the President 's NSA program is both unconstitutional and a violation of the criminal law .
In one of them , the court ( Judge Taylor 's case ) has already ruled that the program is unconstitutional and a violation of FISA .
The Bush administration has been trying to get all of those cases transferred away from the various federal judges presiding over them and moved to the secret FISA court in Washington .
One of the criticisms which many people have made of Specter 's FISA bill is that it grants the administration 's wish by simply stripping these cases away from the judges currently deciding them -- several of whom have demonstrated hostility to the administration 's claims ( such as Judge Taylor in Michigan , Judge Walker in San Francisco , and Judge King in Oregon ) -- and sticking them all behind a wall of secrecy in the FISA court ( and then , after that , restricting appellate review and adding on new , possibly insurmountable hurdles for the plaintiffs to overcome ) .
I have repeatedly highlighted these court - stripping provision as one of the most objectionable aspects of the Specter bill -- here , for instance -- because it places judicial proceedings on these vital questions behind a secrecy wall ( even the decision itself could be kept secret ) and is also a blatant attempt by the administration to strip these federal judges of jurisdiction because they have shown that they will not just obediently accept any claims the administration makes .
On Thursday , though , Arlen Specter went to the floor of the Senate to defend his bill and he outright denied that his bill compels transfer of those cases to the FISA court .
This is what he said ( h/t EJ and Obijuan ) : That is just false - undeniably , unambiguously false .
Here is the version of the Specter bill reported by the Judiciary Committee .
Section 702 ( b ) is entitled " , " and this is what it says ( emphasis added ) : Specter 's bill mandates that " " challenging the legality of the NSA program be transferred to the FISA court , not only cases commenced in the future .
The administration already filed a Motion ( with the Multidistrict Litigation Panel ) requesting that all NSA cases be consolidated ina federal district court in the District of Columbia -- a move which deservedly backfired when that Panel denied the administration 's request and , instead , ordered all such cases consolidated with Judge Walker in San Francisco , who was the first judge ( of three ) to reject the administration 's claim that no court could review the legality of the NSA program because to do so would risk disclosure of " state secrets .
"
That 's why it is so important to the administration to have all of these cases yanked away from these judges who have shown independence and a willingness to scrutinize the administration 's claims .
The Specter bill does exactly that , and Specter 's denial that it does -- on the floor of the Senate -- is nothing more than a rank , indefensible falsehood .
And then there is the core dishonesty which lies at the heart of Specter 's defense of his bill .
In his Senate floor speech , Specter admitted that " But ever since the bill was announced , Specter has been trying to depict his humiliating capitulation to the White House as some sort of victory , and to do so , he has continuously touted one perversely hilarious claim -- namely , that he extracted the oral commitment from the President to " consent " to having the NSA program " submitted " to the FISA court for judicial review .
He made that same claim on Thursday on the Senate floor :
The level of ignorance and stupidity required to believe this is so extreme that it 's actually offensive .
In case Specter has n't noticed , the NSA program is already " submitted for judicial review " -- in Michigan , San Francisco , Oregon and numerous other places .
Specter 's bill does not increase the likelihood of judicial review .
It does the opposite -- it restricts what can be judicially adjudicated to the mere constitutionality of the program ( as to opposed to the question of whether the President 's lawbreaking was without a defense ) , and it makes judicial review more difficult in numerous ways .
The President 's " consent " is completely irrelevant to having this program submitted for judicial review .
In this country , courts can review the legality of the President 's conduct with or without the President 's " consent . "
Specter 's claim that he won this " concession " from the President would be like him reaching an agreement with the President where the President agreed that from now on , decisions about how monies will be appropriated will be made by the Congress -- or Specter excitedly announcing that he forced to President to magnanimously agree that from now on , the President 's nominees for the Supreme Court have to be approved by the Senate .
The President 's warrantless eavesdropping is already submitted for judicial review -- neither Specter 's bill nor the President 's consent is required in any way for that , nor would it help that process along .
It would do the very opposite , just as intended , by making judicial review infinitely more difficult and shrouding the whole process with a cloud of secrecy .
Specter obviously knows what a complete travesty -- a total capitulation -- his bill is , which is why he feels the compulsion to so blatantly misrepresent its contents . :
There is one slightly more technical but ( at least ) equally important false claim Specter keeps advancing .
In his Senate speech , Specter said : " There has been a contention raised that there is an inconsistency between Senator Feinstein 's bill , S. 3001 , and my bill , S. 2453 , and it is not true .
The provision in Senator Feinstein 's bill says that the FISA is the exclusive means for wiretapping .
That is true , unless the statute is superseded by a constitutional provision .
" That is exactly , appallingly wrong .
The Specter bill is , in the most critical respect , the polar opposite of the Feinstein bill .
The Feinstein bill purports to restrict the President 's eavedropping powers by making clear that they can be exercised only within the FISA framework .
By contrast , the Specter bill expressly states the opposite -- that it does not seek , in any way , to limit or restrict the President 's eavesdropping powers .
They are exact opposites on this most vital point .
Sec. 101 ( a ) of the Feinstein bill ( FISA " shall be the exclusive means by which electronic surveillance . . . may be conducted " ) Sec. 801 of the Specter bill ( " Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit the constitutional authority of the President to collect intelligence with respect to foreign powers and agents of foreign powers " ) .
Specter 's claim that they are consistent is a by - product of his much continuous inability ( or deliberate refusal ) to understand one of the most critical and basic principles of constitutional law -- that the mere fact that the President has a particular power under the Constitution does not mean that Congress is unable to restrict or regulate that power .
That is the whole point of Hamdan and Youngstown -- that where there is a conflict between a President 's constitutional power ( such as the right to try war detainees by military commissions ) and Congressional restrictions on that power ( such as a law requiring that all such military commissions comply with the laws of war ) , the President 's power is subject to Congressional law .
Feinstein 's bill deliberately creates that Youngstown / Hamdan conflict by requiring the President 's eavesdropping powers ( such as they are ) be exercised only in compliance with FISA , whereas Specter 's bill deliberately eliminates that conflict by specifying that there is no intent to regulate or restrict the President 's eavesdropping powers in any way .
Specter 's belief ( or claimed belief ) that a President 's constitutional power cannot be regulated by Congress is undebatably false .
To say that the two bills are consistent requires either an embarrassing lack of understanding of this basic constitutional principle or a decision to purposely ignore that principle .
I honestly do n't know which it is , but whichever it is , Specter 's central argument on the most crucial issue in this debate is just factually , demonstrably wrong .
December 10 , 2004 Contrary to folklore wisdom , French company Osmos has reinvented the wheel .
Gone are the hubcaps of the past , jettisoned to make way for a revolutionary " orbital " design with a circular runner as a tyre / road interface that offers increased safety , performance and reliability .
Osmos
Wheels founder Dominique Mottas is an avant - garde entrepreneur and motoring enthusiast who invested in technology in the late 1980s when he had a manufacturer design a sportscar with four empty wheels .
The revolutionary hubless or orbital wheel was born and over the next ten years international patents were secured to bring the wheel redesign to the global market .
With the orbital wheel the forces in action at the point of contact between tyre and ground no longer pass through the mid-wheel , but are transmitted directly to the suspended elements .
The connecting points of the steering components are located peripherally for steering precision and to decrease pressure and vibration .
Driving comfort and adherence have improved by lowering the centre of gravity .
The forces also act at the CGM point to improve braking between 20 - 100 % .
Features :
Accurate steering :
The increased precision is due to the use of the new front and rear wheel axles , with their large diameter bearings providing a high degree of resistance during tilt , and with the layout of the ball joints reducing the angle allowance .
Current steering pins are made up of two axle bearings or ball joints on the swivel pin with a variable ground clearance , which can be quite high in the case of two - wheelers .
The steering pin created for the orbital wheel is designed around a second large diameter bearing in the hollow section of our circular runner and is slightly inclined with respect to the horizontal plane .
This allows for increased precision due to the elimination of effects of deformation at the level of the stub axles and forks of the motorbikes .
Reduced forces and structural stress :
In a traditional configuration , the dynamic forces acting at the tyre / road interface are increased in terms of torque and stress as they pass through the mid-wheel , thereby allowing an indirect passage .
Up to now this has always been considered unavoidable .
The advent of the orbital wheel means that these forces are transmitted directly to the suspended elements .
Roll Angle :
A road vehicle 's stability when proceeding in a straight line depends on the roll angle - the greater the angle , the more stable the vehicle .
However , manoeuvrability will be reduced on turns and tight bends .
The orbital wheel has a roll angle variator designed along the lines of the single steering pin , with the distinctive characteristic of a second bearing mounted on an articulated plate so that the roll angle is variable .
The inclination of this plate is controlled by a speed - related double - effect hydraulic cylinder .
The greater the speed , the higher the roll angle , and so maximum stability is maintained at all times .
The reverse is also true .
When the vehicle slows down , the roll angle is reduced , thereby increasing manoeuvrability .
Reduced unsprung mass :
The optimised front and rear axles are specially designed to meet the new requirements and promise a significant reduction in terms of unsprung mass - up to 40 % compared with traditional systems .
Resistance to wear :
The reduction of specific pressure means that the bearings in particular will be extremely long - lasting : up to 100,000 km .
Drift : The new front and rear heel axles provide excellent rigidity ( a more " rational " layout of parts , elimination of give and structural strain ) .
The forces , no longer amplified by complex channelling , are transmitted directly .
The unit as a whole is perfectly solid .
The Osmos wheel ( free central space , single steering pin ) has a circular plate ( A ) , containing an eccentric axle bearing ( B ) , which is fitted into the second large bearing ( C ) .
This eccentric axle bearing ( B ) constitutes the steering pin .
In its normal position , the swivel pin passes through the mid-plane of the wheel .
Rotating the eccentric plate ( A ) to the left or right leads respectively to a negative or a positive wheel drift .
This mechanism is controlled by an electronically operated motor ( D ) .
A central unit continually analyses the parameters picked up by sensors ( speed , roll angles , drift , support surface , etc ... ) and decides on the necessary adjustments .
This system means improved roadholding and will undoubtedly be an added advantage in competition racing .
Braking : Braking must occur at the centre of the wheel , which requires substantial energy and a complex brake structure .
The Osmos wheel is a step forward , offering the possibility of mounting large diameter brake rings or discs .
The grip can be located close to the ground where the forces act .
The brake ring design with its peripheral support could lead to multiple ring brakes being produced in the near future .
Osmos wheels have been heavily prototyped on a wide variety of vehicles and are currently looking for investment funding to bring their redesign to the market .
With upwards of 4 million wheels produced daily around the world , the " orbital " wheel concept could soon be coming to a car , motorbike , heavy vehicle or bicycle near you .
For more information :
http://www.osmoswheel.com
In 1962 , Arthur C. Clarke was touring Bell Labs when he heard a demonstration of a song sung by an IBM 704 computer programmed by physicist John L. Kelly .
The song , the first ever performed by a computer , was called “ Daisy Bell ” , more commonly known as “ Bicycle Built for Two ” or “ Daisy , Daisy ” .
When Clarke collaborated with Stanley Kubrick on 2001 : A Space Odyssey , they had HAL sing it while Dave powered him down .
A clip of a 1963 synthesized computer speech demonstration by Bell Labs featuring “ Daisy Bell ” was included on an album for the First Philadelphia Computer Music Festival .
You can listen to it ( it ’s the last track ) and the rest of the album at vintagecomputermusic.com .
( via mark )
Update : A reader just reminded me that HAL may have been so named because each letter is off by one from IBM , although Arthur C. Clarke denies this .
( thx , justin )
Oxford scientists have discovered a type of parasite that infects rats and which , instead of hurting them directly , controls their mind making them fearless of cats and thus increasing their probability of being eaten .
The same parasite lives inside half of the human population .
The scientists wonder what influence it has on the human mind .
The parasite , called Toxoplasma , influences the rats because , as part of its life cycle , it needs to get into the gut of a cat .
It lays out eggs that get eaten by rats and other animals which often end up eaten by cats .
However , as cats do n't eat dead animals , the parasite has to deliver its host alive .
In order to do this it influences its host 's mind by producing blood cysts inside their brains .
Researchers have found that healthy rats have the ability of detecting the smell of cat urine and carefully avoid areas depicting such traces .
They are so careful and sensitive to such odors that scientists often use cat 's urine to test rats ' panic reactions .
On the other hand , infected rodents not only that do n't exhibit this negative reaction , but they are actually seeking those areas where the smell of cat 's urine is prevalent .
The parasite is literally controlling their mind and pushing them into the cat 's jaws .
This obviously does n't benefit the rodent in any way but benefits the parasite which is seeking to get into the cat 's gut .
This is a dramatic example of how a creature can exhibit a spectacular intentional behavior without even having a nervous system - and thus it 's obviously not aware of its own purposes .
But scientists wonder , if this parasite does such a thing to a mouse 's mind , what is its effect on humans ?
There is no definite answer to this question yet .
However , Dr. E. Fuller Torrey from the Stanley Medical Research Institute has noticed certain connections between the presence of the Toxoplasma parasite in humans and schizophrenia .
Doctors have found that schizophrenics have damaged glial cells ( which surround and support neurons ) ; taxoplasma is also associated ( although the cause - and - effect relation is not definitely proven ) with the presence of such damaged cells .
Moreover , scientists found that infected rats which were administered certain antipsychotic drugs used to treat schizophrenia , regained their fear of urine cat .
Thus , the effect of taxoplasma on humans might be to increase the probability of schizophrenia .
These parasites are not the only such mind - controlling creatures out there .
For example , there are certain microscopic parasites acting on insects : Dicrocoelium dendriticum controls its ant host to stay on the tips of grass baldes thus increasing its probability of being eaten by a ruminant animal , as the parasite needs to get into the gut of such an animal to complete its life cycle .
Trichastrongylidae sp. , a worm that lives inside grasshoppers , drives their hosts to jump into water pools ( and thus drown ) because its life cycle continues in the aquatic environment .
There are also some parasites specialized in controlling the minds of fish : Euhaplorchis californiensis causes its host to swim near the water surface in a shaky manner and even to jump above the surface so they could be more easily spotted and preyed upon by birds - inside which the parasite continues its life cycle .
Evolution can be quite scary sometimes !
This article is an excerpt from the upcoming ExtremeTech book Hacking Gmail .
This feature takes gmail beyond ordinary email and fashions it to perform several tasks .
Also , check out our previous Hacking Gmail feature : “ Gmail Power Tips . ”
Using Gmail as To - Do List
Around the same time as Gmail was launched , the tech world spawned a fashion for being really , really , organized .
To - do lists are stylish accessory for any self - respecting geek , and , of course , Gmail can be fashioned into a fine tool for such things .
Using Filters
The first way of making to - do lists is to use plus addresses and filters .
The plus address feature , as you ’ll remember from our previous Gmail feature , is the one where you can add a plus sign (+ ) and then any string to your gmail address without it making any difference .
For example : Ben.Hammersley+fanmail@gmail.com is exactly the same as Ben.Hammersley@gmail.com , or Ben.Hammersley+hatemail@gmail.com , or Ben.Hammersley+dinner_invitations@gmail.com , or whatever .
They ’ll all be delivered to my address , no matter what you put after the plus sign .
However , you can set filters on the address , and push specific ones into specific labels .
Figure 14 - 1 shows a filter set up to do just that , sending ben.hammersley+todo@gmail.com to the label “ Todo ” .
Figure 14 -1
What ’s the point of that ?
Well , it ’s easy to send email , whether you ’re sat at your main machine , or using a mobile device — and so you can send new to - do list items to your Gmail account with a simple few keystrokes .
Place the to - do item itself in the subject line , and you can have a screen very much like Figure 14 - 2 — showing the “ Todo ” label index , now passing muster as a very useful to - do list in itself .
Continued …
Figure 14 -2
This month 's devastating wave of suicide attacks in Afghanistan ( including three attacks on Monday , which brought the total number to 69 since 2005 ) is a grim reminder that Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , under fire for his role in Iraq , has been the architect of not one but two failing wars – and of a dangerous vision for how to apply American power .
August 2002 was Afghanistan's " Mission Accomplished " moment .
Mr. Rumsfeld declared the military effort " a breathtaking accomplishment " and " a successful model of what could happen to Iraq . "
America had routed the Taliban , disrupted Al Qaeda , and set Afghanistan on a course for stability and democracy – and it had done it Rumsfeld 's way , at little cost and with minimal loss of life .
But in reality , the mission was never accomplished .
Five years after Sept. 11 , America 's efforts in Afghanistan , as in Iraq , are unraveling .
The country 's government remains weak and corrupt , and it faces daunting obstacles : dismal development indicators , an entrenched opium industry , and a reinvigorated insurgency .
How did things go so wrong so quickly ?
Certainly Rumsfeld and his team made tactical errors , but it's hard not to trace the mistakes to a more systemic problem : a dangerously naive notion of American power that was ascendant in Washington .
The Rumsfeld doctrine , in military terms , stresses reliance on high technology and air power and downplays large ground forces .
Its corollaries are that America operates best when unencumbered by international institutions , that state - building is a distraction , and that force can accomplish political objectives with few long - term repercussions .
Afghanistan was the laboratory for this new notion of warfare and national power .
Rumsfeld 's Pentagon wanted to demonstrate that small groups of ground forces combined with overwhelming air power could win wars – in theory , a useful approach because it limits American casualties and costs .
The doctrine 's failures in Iraq are well documented .
But its shortcomings in Afghanistan have received less attention because the unraveling has occurred in slow motion and with scant media attention .
The Taliban were routed by small teams of Special Forces , who directed devastating airstrikes and guided their Afghan allies on the ground .
But victory was never achieved .
America's Afghan proxies allowed Al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden to slip away and reestablish their operations in Pakistan .
The Taliban were driven out , but were never disbanded or politically reintegrated , and their reconstituted forces , drawing from the Iraq playbook , have made this the bloodiest year yet .
Of course we will never know what would have happened if the war in Afghanistan had been handled differently : if America had taken up NATO 's Article 5 declaration ( " an attack against one is an attack against all " ) in earnest and led a genuinely multinational force ; or if the expanded coalition had deployed 200,000 troops , rather than 20,000 , and stabilized the whole country , rather than just Kabul ; if peacekeepers from Muslim nations had been enlisted ; if ground troops were in place to cut off Mr. bin Laden 's escape ; or if the 5th Special Forces Group had been permitted to continue its hunt for bin Laden , rather than being redeployed to prepare for Iraq .
If security had been established , the new Afghan government would have had a major head start in building on its early popularity to consolidate authority and disarm warlords and spoilers .
Development projects might have won the hearts and minds of Afghans , rather than being bottled up because of insecure conditions .
The hard - core Taliban might have been shattered and its more moderate backers integrated into the political process .
The drug lords , who thrive on lawlessness , could have been confronted and poppy farmers provided with genuine livelihoods .
We will never know because Rumsfeld and the administration took a different tack .
Washington marginalized international institutions and long insisted that the ad hoc peacekeeping force be limited to Kabul .
It subcontracted security to mujahideen in the provinces .
It fought a narrowly conceived war against the Taliban that combined airstrikes and civilian detentions , neither sufficiently precise and each arousing deep resentment .
It bypassed the United Nations to divide responsibility for rebuilding the Afghan state among a handful of Western countries – a messy and costly endeavor made more difficult by the absence of authoritative coordination .
The result has been a steady unraveling in Afghanistan , as in Iraq .
These are , to be sure , the president 's wars , but they were fought under Rumsfeld 's strategy .
Each was predicated on unrealistic notions of what could be achieved by force , and each dismissed the importance of international legitimacy .
Afghanistan is not yet lost , but what once required several ounces of prevention now requires a pound of cure .
• Carl Robichaud is a program officer at The Century Foundation in New York .
A version of this piece originally appeared on The Century Foundation 's website .
I was living out the dream of entrepreneurs everywhere – taking my company public .
During the day , preened investment bankers fawned over me .
And at night , visions of sugar plums in “ green shoes ” danced in my head , as I price - earnings ratioed myself to sleep .
While my managers battled the bitter realities of getting the company ready , I wafted in the sweet intoxication of my securitized reverie .
It came to pass that well before circulating our prospectus and starting the road show , we had to have one big meeting with the three investment banks we had selected .
The purpose was to sift through a myriad of mind - numbing issues .
Seated around a huge table in the windowless conference room of a Georgetown law firm were representatives from each of our investment banks .
Counting their lawyers there were 14 of them .
If it were a police line up , you would n’t had been able to tell one from the next .
All were young ( late twenties to mid thirties ) , similarly pinstriped , identically coiffed , universally spit - shined , racially indistinguishable , and male .
With one notable exception !
Julia Barton .
( Not her real name . )
Julia , the sole female , was the lead banker from one of the big Wall Street houses .
To be sure , she was as professional , as proficient , as polished as her male counterparts , if not more so .
AND she was pretty .
Very pretty .
Julia dazzled me .
She clearly had game .
I marveled how she gave no ground and elbowed for rebounds with the best from the other banks .
Did I mention she was pretty ?
It was easy to fall in love with her .
And I did .
But I was n’t the only one .
During a lively discussion , the substance of which has long since been forgotten , John , our chief operating officer , left his seat and came over to me .
For a little background , John was enormously competent .
He graduated with an MBA from Harvard Business School as a Baker Scholar ( a great distinction ) and worked for Boston Consulting Group .
Fluent in Wall Street -ese , he was completely at home in this meeting .
He too had been smitten by Julia .
“ What about Julia Barton for our board of directors ? ” he whispered in my ear .
Needless to say I was intrigued .
John proceeded to give me his reasoning as if crude logic were required to justify delicate emotion .
“ She ’s a woman and we ’re short on women in upper management .
She ’s smart .
She knows her stuff and she ’s well - connected . ”
I nodded approvingly at his compelling analysis .
When John returned to his seat , I swiveled to the man on my right – Doug , our chief financial officer .
It took a lot to impress Doug who , in his distinguished career , had long ago become immune to occupants of dark blue suits .
“ What about Julia Barton for our board of directors ? ” I whispered .
The question blindsided Doug .
He just stared at me slack - jawed .
Struggling for words , he finally stammered , “ W - w - why would you EVER think THAT ? ”
I was shocked by his reaction .
Fortunately John ’s Harvard - educated arguments were fresh in my mind so I quickly repeated them , “ Well , she ’s a woman and we ’re short on women in upper management .
She ’s smart .
She knows her stuff and she ’s well - connected . ”
Once again Doug was rendered dumbfounded .
He gaped at me in astonishment .
Carefully choosing his words , he whispered , “ But she ’s a jackal ! ”
He paused to collect his thoughts and then added , “ Fred , these people are not your friends .
They ’re hyenas !
The only reason they are being friendly to you is because you are fresh kill .
Right now they are fighting over who gets to eat your heart and who gets to eat your head .
These people will turn on you and sell you down the river in a wink if it is to their advantage . ”
“ From now on , ” he counseled , “ every time you look at Julia Barton , I want you to see her with a patch over her eye , a peg leg , and a parrot on her shoulder . ”
He then turned back to the discussion at hand .
With my hormones having had the equivalent of an ice water plunge , I watched Julia Barton belly - ache about her bank ’s allotment of the fees .
In retrospect , whatever they got was too much .
Over the next few months , her bank did not contribute anything substantial to the success of the IPO and , true to Doug ’s characterization , her bank became the first one to turn against us .
It was the hottest of times .
It was the coldest of times .
www.lazyway.net
See Getting Started page to find out how to download , build , and install the libraries .
Libraries Listed Alphabetically
Libraries Listed by Category
Algorithm - A collection of useful generic algorithms , from Marshall Clow
Foreach - In C++ , writing a loop that iterates over a sequence is tedious .
We can either use iterators , which requires a considerable amount of boiler - plate , or we can use the std:: for_each ( ) algorithm and move our loop body into a predicate , which requires no less boiler - plate and forces us to move our logic far from where it will be used .
In contrast , some other languages , like Perl , provide a dedicated " foreach " construct that automates this process .
BOOST_FOREACH is just such a construct for C ++.
It iterates over sequences for us , freeing us from having to deal directly with iterators or write predicates , from Eric Niebler
Geometry - The Boost .
Geometry library provides geometric algorithms , primitives and spatial index , from Barend Gehrels , Bruno Lalande , Mateusz Loskot , Adam Wulkiewicz and Menelaos Karavelas
GIL - ( C++11 ) Generic Image Library , from Lubomir Bourdev , Hailin Jin and Christian Henning
Graph -
The BGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek and a University of Notre Dame team .
GraphParallel -
The PBGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek , Doug Gregor , and a University of Notre Dame team .
Histogram - Fast multi-dimensional histogram with convenient interface for C++14 , from Hans Dembinski
Min-Max - Standard library extensions for simultaneous min/max and min/max element computations , from Hervé Brönnimann
Polygon - Voronoi diagram construction and booleans / clipping , resizing / offsetting and more for planar polygons with integral coordinates , from Lucanus Simonson and Andrii Sydorchuk
QVM - Generic {CPP} library for working with Quaternions Vectors and Matrices , from Emil Dotchevski
Range -
A new infrastructure for generic algorithms that builds on top of the new iterator concepts , from Niel Groves and Thorsten Ottosen
Sort -
High - performance templated sort functions , from Steven Ross
String Algo - String algorithms library , from Pavol Droba
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
Compatibility - Help for non-conforming standard libraries , from Ralf Grosse - Kunstleve and Jens Maurer
Config - Helps
Boost library developers adapt to compiler idiosyncrasies ; not intended for library users
Asio - Portable networking and other low - level I/O , including sockets , timers , hostname resolution , socket iostreams , serial ports , file descriptors and Windows HANDLEs , from Chris Kohlhoff
Atomic - C++11 - style atomic<> , from Helge Bahmann , Tim Blechmann and Andrey Semashev
Beast - Portable HTTP , WebSocket , and network operations using only C++11 and Boost .
Asio , from Vinnie Falco
Compute - Parallel / GPU - computing library , from Kyle Lutz
Context - ( C++11 ) Context switching library , from Oliver Kowalke
Coroutine - Coroutine library , from Oliver Kowalke
Coroutine2 - ( C++11 ) Coroutine library , from Oliver Kowalke
Fiber - ( C++11 ) Userland threads library , from Oliver Kowalke
Interprocess - Shared memory , memory mapped files , process - shared mutexes , condition variables , containers and allocators , from Ion Gaztañaga
Lockfree - Lockfree data structures , from Tim Blechmann
MPI - Message Passing Interface library , for use in distributed - memory parallel application programming , from Douglas Gregor and Matthias Troyer
Thread - Portable C++ multi-threading .
C++03 , C++11 , C++14 , C++17 , from Anthony Williams and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
Array - STL compliant container wrapper for arrays of constant size , from Nicolai Josuttis
Bimap - Bidirectional maps library for C++. With Boost .
Bimap you can create associative containers in which both types can be used as key , from Matias Capeletto
Circular Buffer - A STL compliant container also known as ring or cyclic buffer , from Jan Gaspar
Container - Standard library containers and extensions , from Ion Gaztañaga
Dynamic Bitset -
The dynamic_bitset class represents a set of bits .
It provides accesses to the value of individual bits via an operator [ ] and provides all of the bitwise operators that one can apply to builtin integers , such as operator& and operator << .
The number of bits in the set is specified at runtime via a parameter to the constructor of the dynamic_bitset , from Jeremy Siek and Chuck Allison
GIL - ( C++11 ) Generic Image Library , from Lubomir Bourdev , Hailin Jin and Christian Henning
Graph -
The BGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek and a University of Notre Dame team .
GraphParallel -
The PBGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek , Doug Gregor , and a University of Notre Dame team .
ICL - Interval Container Library , interval sets and maps and aggregation of associated values , from Joachim Faulhaber
Intrusive - Intrusive containers and algorithms , from Ion Gaztañaga
Multi-Array - Boost .
MultiArray provides a generic N - dimensional array concept definition and common implementations of that interface , from Ron Garcia
Multi-Index -
The Boost Multi-index Containers Library provides a class template named multi_index_container which enables the construction of containers maintaining one or more indices with different sorting and access semantics , from Joaquín M López Muñoz
Pointer Container - Containers for storing heap - allocated polymorphic objects to ease OO - programming , from Thorsten Ottosen
PolyCollection - Fast containers of polymorphic objects , from Joaquín M López Muñoz
Property Map -
Concepts defining interfaces which map key objects to value objects , from Jeremy Siek
Property Tree -
A tree data structure especially suited to storing configuration data , from Marcin Kalicinski and Sebastian Redl
String_ref - String view templates , from Marshall Clow
Unordered - Unordered associative containers , from Daniel James
Variant - Safe , generic , stack - based discriminated union container , from Eric Friedman and Itay Maman
Variant2 - A never - valueless , strong guarantee implementation of std:: variant , from Peter Dimov
Assert - Customizable assert macros , from Peter Dimov
Concept Check - Tools for generic programming , from Jeremy Siek
Contract - Contract programming for C++.
All contract programming features are supported : Subcontracting , class invariants , postconditions ( with old and return values ) , preconditions , customizable actions on assertion failure ( e.g. , terminate or throw ) , optional compilation and checking of assertions , etc , from Lorenzo Caminiti
Safe Numerics - Guaranteed Correct Integer Arithmetic , from Robert Ramey
Stacktrace - Gather , store , copy and print backtraces , from Antony Polukhin
Static Assert - Static assertions ( compile time assertions ) , from John Maddock
Test -
Support for simple program testing , full unit testing , and for program execution monitoring , from Gennadiy Rozental and Raffi Enficiaud
Any - Safe , generic container for single values of different value types , from Kevlin Henney
Bimap - Bidirectional maps library for C++. With Boost .
Bimap you can create associative containers in which both types can be used as key , from Matias Capeletto
Compressed Pair - Empty member optimization , from John Maddock , Howard Hinnant , et al
Container - Standard library containers and extensions , from Ion Gaztañaga
Fusion - Library for working with tuples , including various containers , algorithms , etc , from Joel de Guzman , Dan Marsden and Tobias Schwinger
Geometry - The Boost .
Geometry library provides geometric algorithms , primitives and spatial index , from Barend Gehrels , Bruno Lalande , Mateusz Loskot , Adam Wulkiewicz and Menelaos Karavelas
Heap - Priority queue data structures , from Tim Blechmann
Histogram - Fast multi-dimensional histogram with convenient interface for C++14 , from Hans Dembinski
ICL - Interval Container Library , interval sets and maps and aggregation of associated values , from Joachim Faulhaber
Multi-Index -
The Boost Multi-index Containers Library provides a class template named multi_index_container which enables the construction of containers maintaining one or more indices with different sorting and access semantics , from Joaquín M López Muñoz
Optional - A value - semantic , type - safe wrapper for representing ' optional ' ( or ' nullable ' ) objects of a given type .
An optional object may or may not contain a value of the underlying type , from Fernando Cacciola
Pointer Container - Containers for storing heap - allocated polymorphic objects to ease OO - programming , from Thorsten Ottosen
Polygon - Voronoi diagram construction and booleans / clipping , resizing / offsetting and more for planar polygons with integral coordinates , from Lucanus Simonson and Andrii Sydorchuk
Property Tree -
A tree data structure especially suited to storing configuration data , from Marcin Kalicinski and Sebastian Redl
Tuple -
Ease definition of functions returning multiple values , and more , from Jaakko Järvi
Type Erasure - Runtime polymorphism based on concepts , from Steven Watanabe
Uuid -
A universally unique identifier , from Andy Tompkins
Variant - Safe , generic , stack - based discriminated union container , from Eric Friedman and Itay Maman
Variant2 - A never - valueless , strong guarantee implementation of std:: variant , from Peter Dimov
Chrono - Useful time utilities .
C++11 , from Howard Hinnant , Beman Dawes and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
CRC - The Boost CRC Library provides two implementations of CRC ( cyclic redundancy code ) computation objects and two implementations of CRC computation functions .
The implementations are template - based , from Daryle Walker
Date Time -
A set of date - time libraries based on generic programming concepts , from Jeff Garland
Units - Zero-overhead dimensional analysis and unit/ quantity manipulation and conversion , from Matthias Schabel and Steven Watanabe
Uuid -
A universally unique identifier , from Andy Tompkins
Bind - boost :: bind is a generalization of the standard functions std:: bind1st and std::bind2nd .
It supports arbitrary function objects , functions , function pointers , and member function pointers , and is able to bind any argument to a specific value or route input arguments into arbitrary positions , from Peter Dimov
Container Hash -
An STL - compatible hash function object that can be extended to hash user defined types , from Daniel James
Function - Function object wrappers for deferred calls or callbacks , from Doug Gregor
Functional - The Boost .
Function library contains a family of class templates that are function object wrappers , from Mark Rodgers
Functional / Factory - Function object templates for dynamic and static object creation , from Glen Fernandes and Tobias Schwinger
Functional / Forward - Adapters to allow generic function objects to accept arbitrary arguments , from Tobias Schwinger
Functional / Overloaded Function - Overload different functions into a single function object , from Lorenzo Caminiti
HOF - Higher - order functions for C++ , from Paul Fultz II
Lambda - Define small unnamed function objects at the actual call site , and more , from Jaakko Järvi and Gary Powell
Local Function - Program functions locally , within other functions , directly within the scope where they are needed , from Lorenzo Caminiti
Member Function - Generalized binders for function / object / pointers and member functions , from Peter Dimov
Phoenix - Define small unnamed function objects at the actual call site , and more , from Joel de Guzman , Dan Marsden , Thomas Heller and John Fletcher
Ref -
A utility library for passing references to generic functions , from Jaako Järvi , Peter Dimov , Doug Gregor and Dave Abrahams
Result Of - Determines the type of a function call expression
Signals2 - Managed signals & slots callback implementation ( thread - safe version 2 ) , from Frank Mori Hess
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
GIL - ( C++11 ) Generic Image Library , from Lubomir Bourdev , Hailin Jin and Christian Henning
Asio - Portable networking and other low - level I/O , including sockets , timers , hostname resolution , socket iostreams , serial ports , file descriptors and Windows HANDLEs , from Chris Kohlhoff
Assign - Filling containers with constant or generated data has never been easier , from Thorsten Ottosen
Beast - Portable HTTP , WebSocket , and network operations using only C++11 and Boost .
Asio , from Vinnie Falco
Endian - Types and conversion functions for correct byte ordering and more regardless of processor endianness , from Beman Dawes
Format -
The format library provides a type - safe mechanism for formatting arguments according to a printf - like format - string , from Samuel Krempp
IO - Utilities for the standard I/O library , from Daryle Walker , Beman Dawes and Glen Fernandes
Iostreams - Boost .IOStreams provides a framework for defining streams , stream buffers and i/o filters , from Jonathan Turkanis
Program Options -
The program_options library allows program developers to obtain program options , that is ( name , value ) pairs from the user , via conventional methods such as command line and config file , from Vladimir Prus
Serialization - Serialization for persistence and marshalling , from Robert Ramey
Python - The Boost Python Library is a framework for interfacing Python and C ++.
It allows you to quickly and seamlessly expose C++ classes functions and objects to Python , and vice - versa , using no special tools -- just your C++ compiler , from Dave Abrahams
GIL - ( C++11 ) Generic Image Library , from Lubomir Bourdev , Hailin Jin and Christian Henning
Graph -
The BGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek and a University of Notre Dame team .
GraphParallel -
The PBGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek , Doug Gregor , and a University of Notre Dame team .
Iterator - The Boost Iterator Library contains two parts .
The first is a system of concepts which extend the C++ standard iterator requirements .
The second is a framework of components for building iterators based on these extended concepts and includes several useful iterator adaptors , from Dave Abrahams , Jeremy Siek and Thomas Witt
Operators - Templates ease arithmetic classes and iterators , from Dave Abrahams and Jeremy Siek
Tokenizer - Break of a string or other character sequence into a series of tokens , from John Bandela
Exception - The Boost Exception library supports transporting of arbitrary data in exception objects , and transporting of exceptions between threads , from Emil Dotchevski
Foreach - In C++ , writing a loop that iterates over a sequence is tedious .
We can either use iterators , which requires a considerable amount of boiler - plate , or we can use the std:: for_each ( ) algorithm and move our loop body into a predicate , which requires no less boiler - plate and forces us to move our logic far from where it will be used .
In contrast , some other languages , like Perl , provide a dedicated " foreach " construct that automates this process .
BOOST_FOREACH is just such a construct for C ++.
It iterates over sequences for us , freeing us from having to deal directly with iterators or write predicates , from Eric Niebler
Move - Portable move semantics for C++03 and C++11 compilers , from Ion Gaztañaga
Outcome - A deterministic failure handling library partially simulating lightweight exceptions , from Niall Douglas
Parameter - Boost .
Parameter Library - Write functions that accept arguments by name , from David Abrahams and Daniel Wallin
Parameter Python Bindings - Boost .
Parameter Library Python bindings , from David Abrahams and Daniel Wallin
Scope Exit - Execute arbitrary code at scope exit , from Alexander Nasonov
Type Index - Runtime / Compile time copyable type info , from Antony Polukhin
Typeof - Typeof operator emulation , from Arkadiy Vertleyb and Peder Holt
Accumulators - Framework for incremental calculation , and collection of statistical accumulators , from Eric Niebler
Endian - Types and conversion functions for correct byte ordering and more regardless of processor endianness , from Beman Dawes
Geometry - The Boost .
Geometry library provides geometric algorithms , primitives and spatial index , from Barend Gehrels , Bruno Lalande , Mateusz Loskot , Adam Wulkiewicz and Menelaos Karavelas
Histogram - Fast multi-dimensional histogram with convenient interface for C++14 , from Hans Dembinski
Integer -
The organization of boost integer headers and classes is designed to take advantage of < stdint.h > types from the 1999 C standard without resorting to undefined behavior in terms of the 1998 C++ standard .
The header < boost / cstdint.hpp > makes the standard integer types safely available in namespace boost without placing any names in namespace std
Interval - Extends the usual arithmetic functions to mathematical intervals , from Guillaume Melquiond , Hervé Brönnimann and Sylvain Pion
Math - Boost .
Math includes several contributions in the domain of mathematics :
The Greatest Common Divisor and Least Common Multiple library provides run-time and compile - time evaluation of the greatest common divisor ( GCD ) or least common multiple ( LCM ) of two integers .
The Special Functions library currently provides eight templated special functions , in namespace boost .
The Complex Number Inverse Trigonometric Functions are the inverses of trigonometric functions currently present in the C++ standard .
Quaternions are a relative of complex numbers often used to parameterise rotations in three dimentional space .
Octonions , like quaternions , are a relative of complex numbers , from various
Math Common Factor - Greatest common divisor and least common multiple , from Daryle Walker
Math Octonion - Octonions , from Hubert Holin
Math Quaternion - Quaternions , from Hubert Holin
Math / Special Functions -
A wide selection of mathematical special functions , from John Maddock , Paul Bristow , Hubert Holin and Xiaogang Zhang
Math / Statistical Distributions -
A wide selection of univariate statistical distributions and functions that operate on them , from John Maddock and Paul Bristow
Multi-Array - Boost .
MultiArray provides a generic N - dimensional array concept definition and common implementations of that interface , from Ron Garcia
Multiprecision - Extended precision arithmetic types for floating point , integer andrational arithmetic , from John Maddock and Christopher Kormanyos
Numeric Conversion - Optimized Policy - based Numeric Conversions , from Fernando Cacciola
Odeint - Solving ordinary differential equations , from Karsten Ahnert and Mario Mulansky
Operators - Templates ease arithmetic classes and iterators , from Dave Abrahams and Jeremy Siek
Polygon - Voronoi diagram construction and booleans / clipping , resizing / offsetting and more for planar polygons with integral coordinates , from Lucanus Simonson and Andrii Sydorchuk
QVM - Generic {CPP} library for working with Quaternions Vectors and Matrices , from Emil Dotchevski
Random -
A complete system for random number generation , from Jens Maurer
Ratio - Compile time rational arithmetic .
C++11 , from Howard Hinnant , Beman Dawes and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
Rational - A rational number class , from Paul Moore
Safe Numerics - Guaranteed Correct Integer Arithmetic , from Robert Ramey
uBLAS - uBLAS provides tensor , matrix , and vector classes as well as basic linear algebra routines .
Several dense , packed and sparse storage schemes are supported , from Joerg Walter and Mathias Koch
Align - Memory alignment functions , allocators , traits , from Glen Fernandes
Pool - Memory pool management , from Steve Cleary
Smart Ptr - Smart pointer class templates , from Greg Colvin , Beman Dawes , Peter Dimov , Darin Adler and Glen Fernandes
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
Spirit - LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++ , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Spirit Classic - LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++ , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Spirit Repository -
The Spirit repository is a community effort collecting different reusable components ( primitives , directives , grammars , etc. ) for Qi parsers and Karma generators , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Compressed Pair - Empty member optimization , from John Maddock , Howard Hinnant , et al
Flyweight - Design pattern to manage large quantities of highly redundant objects , from Joaquín M López Muñoz
Outcome - A deterministic failure handling library partially simulating lightweight exceptions , from Niall Douglas
Signals2 - Managed signals & slots callback implementation ( thread - safe version 2 ) , from Frank Mori Hess
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
Identity Type -
Wrap types within round parenthesis so they can always be passed as macro parameters , from Lorenzo Caminiti
Preprocessor - Preprocessor metaprogramming tools including repetition and recursion , from Vesa Karvonen and Paul Mensonides
VMD - Variadic Macro Data library , from Edward Diener
Function - Function object wrappers for deferred calls or callbacks , from Doug Gregor
Outcome - A deterministic failure handling library partially simulating lightweight exceptions , from Niall Douglas
Parameter - Boost .
Parameter Library - Write functions that accept arguments by name , from David Abrahams and Daniel Wallin
Parameter Python Bindings - Boost .
Parameter Library Python bindings , from David Abrahams and Daniel Wallin
Meta State Machine -
A very high - performance library for expressive UML2 finite state machines , from Christophe Henry
Statechart - Boost .
Statechart - Arbitrarily complex finite state machines can be implemented in easily readable and maintainable C++ code , from Andreas Huber Dönni
Convert -
An extendible and configurable type - conversion framework , from Vladimir Batov
Format -
The format library provides a type - safe mechanism for formatting arguments according to a printf - like format - string , from Samuel Krempp
Iostreams - Boost .IOStreams provides a framework for defining streams , stream buffers and i/o filters , from Jonathan Turkanis
Lexical Cast - General literal text conversions , such as an int represented a string , or vice - versa , from Kevlin Henney
Locale - Provide localization and Unicode handling tools for C++ , from Artyom Beilis
Regex - Regular expression library , from John Maddock
Spirit - LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++ , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Spirit Classic - LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++ , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Spirit Repository -
The Spirit repository is a community effort collecting different reusable components ( primitives , directives , grammars , etc. ) for Qi parsers and Karma generators , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Static String -
A fixed capacity dynamically sized string , from Krystian Stasiowski and Vinnie Falco
String Algo - String algorithms library , from Pavol Droba
Tokenizer - Break of a string or other character sequence into a series of tokens , from John Bandela
Wave - The Boost .
Wave library is a Standards conformant , and highly configurable implementation of the mandated C99/ C++ preprocessor functionality packed behind an easy to use iterator interface , from Hartmut Kaiser
Xpressive - Regular expressions that can be written as strings or as expression templates , and which can refer to each other and themselves recursively with the power of context - free grammars , from Eric Niebler
Chrono - Useful time utilities .
C++11 , from Howard Hinnant , Beman Dawes and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
Context - ( C++11 ) Context switching library , from Oliver Kowalke
Date Time -
A set of date - time libraries based on generic programming concepts , from Jeff Garland
DLL - Library for comfortable work with DLL and DSO , from Antony Polukhin and Renato Tegon Forti
Fiber - ( C++11 ) Userland threads library , from Oliver Kowalke
Filesystem - The Boost Filesystem Library provides portable facilities to query and manipulate paths , files , and directories , from Beman Dawes
Nowide - Standard library functions with UTF - 8 API on Windows , from Artyom Beilis
Process - Library to create processes in a portable way , from Merino Vidal , Ilya Sokolov , Felipe Tanus , Jeff Flinn , Thomas Jarosch , Boris Schaeling and Klemens D. Morgenstern
Stacktrace - Gather , store , copy and print backtraces , from Antony Polukhin
System - Operating system support , including the diagnostics support that will be part of the C++0 x standard library , from Beman Dawes
Thread - Portable C++ multi-threading .
C++03 , C++11 , C++14 , C++17 , from Anthony Williams and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
CallableTraits - A spiritual successor to Boost .
FunctionTypes , Boost .
CallableTraits is a header - only C++11 library for the compile - time inspection and manipulation of all ' callable ' types .
Additional support for C++17 features , from Barrett Adair
Function Types - Boost .
FunctionTypes provides functionality to classify , decompose and synthesize function , function pointer , function reference and pointer to member types , from Tobias Schwinger
Fusion - Library for working with tuples , including various containers , algorithms , etc , from Joel de Guzman , Dan Marsden and Tobias Schwinger
Hana - A modern C++ metaprogramming library .
It provides high level algorithms to manipulate heterogeneous sequences , allows writing type - level computations with a natural syntax , provides tools to introspect user - defined types and much more , from Louis Dionne
HOF - Higher - order functions for C++ , from Paul Fultz II
Metaparse - A library for generating compile time parsers parsing embedded DSL code as part of the C++ compilation process , from Abel Sinkovics
Mp11 - A C++11 metaprogramming library , from Peter Dimov
MPL - The Boost .
MPL library is a general - purpose , high - level C++ template metaprogramming framework of compile - time algorithms , sequences and metafunctions .
It provides a conceptual foundation and an extensive set of powerful and coherent tools that make doing explict metaprogramming in C++ as easy and enjoyable as possible within the current language , from Aleksey Gurtovoy
Proto -
Expression template library and compiler construction toolkit for domain - specific embedded languages , from Eric Niebler
Static Assert - Static assertions ( compile time assertions ) , from John Maddock
TTI - Type Traits Introspection library , from Edward Diener
Type Traits - Templates for fundamental properties of types , from John Maddock , Steve Cleary , et al
YAP - An expression template library for C++14 and later , from T. Zachary Laine
Conversion - Polymorphic casts , from Dave Abrahams and Kevlin Henney
Convert -
An extendible and configurable type - conversion framework , from Vladimir Batov
Core -
A collection of simple core utilities with minimal dependencies , from Peter Dimov , Glen Fernandes and Andrey Semashev
Endian - Types and conversion functions for correct byte ordering and more regardless of processor endianness , from Beman Dawes
Lexical Cast - General literal text conversions , such as an int represented a string , or vice - versa , from Kevlin Henney
Log - Logging library , from Andrey Semashev
Numeric Conversion - Optimized Policy - based Numeric Conversions , from Fernando Cacciola
Predef -
This library defines a set of compiler , architecture , operating system , library , and other version numbers from the information it can gather of C , C++ , Objective C , and Objective C++ predefined macros or those defined in generally available headers , from Rene Rivera
Program Options -
The program_options library allows program developers to obtain program options , that is ( name , value ) pairs from the user , via conventional methods such as command line and config file , from Vladimir Prus
Swap - Enhanced generic swap function , from Joseph Gauterin
ThrowException - A common infrastructure for throwing exceptions from Boost libraries , from Emil Dotchevski and Peter Dimov
Timer - Event timer , progress timer , and progress display classes , from Beman Dawes
Tribool - 3 - state boolean type library , from Doug Gregor
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
Value Initialized - Wrapper for uniform - syntax value initialization , based on the original idea of David Abrahams , from Fernando Cacciola
[ Category suggestions from Aleksey Gurtovoy , Beman Dawes and Vicente J. Botet Escribá ]
Libraries Retired from Boost
compose - Functional composition adapters for the STL , from Nicolai Josuttis .
Removed in Boost version 1.32 .
Please use Bind or Lambda instead .
signals ( v1 ) - Managed signals and slots callback implementation , from Doug Gregor .
Removed in Boost version 1.69 .
Please use Signals2 instead .
Revised 19 Feb 2015
© Copyright Beman Dawes 2000 - 2004
Distributed under the Boost Software License , Version 1.0 .
( See file LICENSE_1_0.txt or www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt)
QR Code Link to This Post
When the landlord gave me a tour he told me something along the lines of " I need to be upfront with you .
The reason why the rent is so cheap is because past tenants have complained that the apartment is haunted .
Before you sign the lease consider this .
I 'm tired of my tenants breaking their lease because they hear a couple of noises .
" Whatever .
As long as I can eat Cheetos in the nude while watching reruns of Seinfeld , I 'm happy .
So , my first night I was sleeping , dreaming of blow jobs or something , and then I woke up to some noise .
I sat up to see the pages of my Guiness Book of World Records rustling and turning .
No shit .
Yeah , right , like THAT'S scary !
Hahahahh .
Puh - lease !
I laid back down and went to sleep .
I mean , if Peter ( I decided to name him Peter . ) wanted to know the size of the biggest loogie in the world , that 's his business .
Personally , if I was a ghost I 'd whisper menacing things to my ex girlfriend like : " I willll kiiiiilll youuu , cheating biiiiitch , " or " Keeeeeellllyyyyyy .
.. Keeeellyyyyy " , or " Youuuu haaaave heeerpeees . "
Whatever .
Seriously , my ghost is a joke .
He gurgles .
What the fuck ?
Have you ever heard of a ghost gurgling before ?
I'm in the kitchen , trying to melt the plastic handle of my spatula on the stove , when I hear this annoying as fuck gurgling sound behind me .
Wilson is not scary , he 's annoying .
( At this point I found it appropriate to rename him Wilson . )
Wilson sucks , but he does one cool thing .
Every once in a while I 'll catch a glimpse of this transparent , gruesome , bloody dude hanging from a noose in my bedroom .
I know this is Wilson , which I renamed Tiberius , because he gurgles .
Yeah , he looks cool , but it sucks when I 'm trying to have sex or masturbate .
Tiberius is kind of a turn off , you know .
WASHINGTON - From the political perspective of the White House , Hurricane Katrina destroyed more than an enormous swath of the Gulf Coast .
The storm also appears to have damaged the carefully laid plans of Karl Rove , President Bush 's political adviser , to make inroads among black voters and expand the reach of the Republican Party for decades to come .
Many African - Americans across the country said they seethed as they watched the television pictures of the largely poor and black victims of Hurricane Katrina dying for food and water in the New Orleans Superdome and the convention center .
A poll released last week by the nonpartisan Pew Research Center bore out that reaction as well as a deep racial divide :
Two - thirds of African - Americans said the government 's response to the crisis would have been faster if most of the victims had been white , while 77 percent of whites disagreed .
The anger has invigorated the president 's critics .
Kanye
West , the rap star , raged off - script at a televised benefit for storm victims that " George Bush does n't care about black people . "
Howard Dean , the chairman of the Democratic National Committee , said in Miami last week that Americans " have to come to terms with the ugly truth that skin color , age and economics played a significant role in who survived and who did not . "
At the White House , the public response has been to denounce the critics as unseemly and unfair .
" I think all of those remarks were disgusting , to be perfectly frank , " Laura Bush said in an interview with the American Urban Radio Network , when asked about the comments of Mr. West and Mr. Dean .
" Of course President Bush cares about everyone in our country . "
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
Pluto
As children , everyone is taught the traditional order of the nine planets in the solar system .
However , as we learn more about our neighboring planets ⁠ — and space in general⁠ — this may have to be changed .
Between and beyond Neptune and Pluto , thousands of small , somewhat planet - like objects have been found .
These have been shown to occupy three distinct areas : the Kuiper belt , the scattered disc , and the Oort cloud .
The discoveries have so far had two major implications :
First , there are several possible ‘ tenth planet ’ contenders out there – objects roughly the same size as Pluto and not unreasonably far away .
The major examples are Quaoar , Sedna , and “ Xena ” , all discovered since 2002 .
Several smaller , unnamed ones have been found also , and surely will not be the last .
Second⁠ — perhaps conversely ⁠— the categorization of Pluto as a planet has come to be disputed .
In fact , many astronomers argue that if Pluto had been discovered only in the last few years , it would not be labelled a planet at all .
The definition of “ planet ” is contentious and , considering how many things are possible in space , may be somewhat arbitrary in the first place .
However , there are several signs that Pluto may be better considered a “ Kuiper belt object ” than a full - fledged planet .
Among the nine current planets , Pluto proves to be the single anomaly in a number of ways ⁠— most obviously in size , or maybe lack thereof⁠ — but it is strikingly similar to some of its new - found neighboring objects .
Clyde W. Tombaugh ( 1906 - 1997 )
History is partially to blame for the controversy .
When it was first found in 1930 by young American astronomer Clyde Tombaugh , Pluto was believed to be larger than Earth – in fact , 400 times what we now know its size to be .
Fueled by a national wave of patriotism at the discovery , Pluto entered the history books as the first planet discovered by an American .
Through the 20th century , any attempts at labelling Pluto as anything less significant was met with outrage by proud astronomers and scientists in the U.S.
When British astronomer Brian Marsden suggested at a 1980 conference that Pluto be deemed a mere asteroid , the Americans reportedly almost threw him into a swimming pool .
Pluto did , though , turn out to be problematically tiny .
Its equatorial diameter of roughly 1485 miles ( 2390 km ) makes it smaller even than its new - found neighbor “ Xena ” .
It is also smaller even than some of the moons in the solar system , Earth ’s included .
This would be less of an issue if Pluto were one of the roughly similarly - sized inner planets – but it is out beyond the ‘ gas giants ’ and in a region of space that is rapidly becoming known for its relatively high concentrations of small objects .
Pluto 's orbit , tilted about 17 º relative to the others '
Also , while the orbits of the first eight current planets lie in a plane , Pluto ’s orbit is tilted by 17 º relative to them .
Its orbit also much more elliptical than the others ’ , so much so that it actually overlaps with Neptune ’s orbit .
During certain periods of Pluto ’s orbit , it is nearer to the sun than Neptune is .
Most recently this happened between 1979 and 1999 , and will occur again starting in the year 2227 .
Then there ’s the issue of Pluto ’s relationship with its three moons .
Two⁠ — Nix and Hydra⁠ — are so tiny that they were n’t found until 2005 .
The largest , Charon , is strikingly large for a moon : its diameter is almost half of Pluto’s .
Because of this , Charon has an unusual amount of gravitational influence over Pluto ; Charon does not actually orbit Pluto at all .
Instead , Pluto and all three moons orbit the common point between Pluto and Charon – their center of mass or barycenter .
No other objects in the solar system do this .
It is unclear , then , whether Charon can be strictly labelled a moon – or , for that matter , Pluto a planet .
For a while , some astronomers took to referring to Pluto and Charon as ‘ double planets ’ or ‘ sister planets ’ .
Neither of the terms ever caught on , though⁠ — and the recent discovery of Nix and Hydra does nothing to help clear up the situation .
( Does that make them quadruplets now ? )
It is looking increasingly likely , then , that Pluto is probably better categorized as a mere Kuiper belt object than a planet .
The decision may come in September , when astronomers , historians , scientists , and teachers are hoping to formalize a definition for ‘ planet ’ once and for all .
Could Pluto be demoted ?
It has been a long time since Tombaugh first identified it , and there is very little left of the fierce American pride that kept Pluto very securely a planet for the first few decades after its discovery .
New Horizons
And such a reclassification has actually been done before .
Ceres , the largest asteroid and the first to be discovered , was considered a planet from its accidental discovery in 1801 until about 1850 .
What caused astronomers to change their minds was simply the discovery of more asteroids ⁠— a lot more .
With the recent similar discoveries of the many trans -Neptunian objects , Pluto ’s claim to planethood is looking more and more dubious .
Whatever it is , Pluto will be studied in detail for the first time in 2015 , with the arrival of NASA ’s New Horizons , launched in January 2006 .
Distinguishing between a ‘ planet ’ and a ‘ Kuiper belt object ’ may be nothing more than pickiness at the moment , but the need for a firm definition for ‘ planet ’ may become more pronounced as we look farther beyond our solar system .
As of June 2006 , over 200 extrasolar planets have been found , and we have few ways of knowing what sorts of astronomical objects are still out there .
Agreed - upon classifications , therefore , will only become more crucial as we gradually explore and catalogue the universe around us .
これは、電子回路で芸術を行うことを志して製作した作品です。
数千個のL,C,R等の受動部品を空中配線で縦横無尽に組み合わせ、立体的な回路を作りました。ピカピカと鮮やかな光を放ち、うろうろとランダムウォークします。障害物に当たると（ある特定の回路がショートして）それを検知し、後退・旋回をして、方向転換します。使った能動部品はトランジスタのみで、ICは使っていません。大きさは一片が約15cmの立方体です。こういう構造のものは全体の78％が破壊されてもその機能を維持できると言われています。
It may have been the most expensive game of rock , paper , scissors ever played .
Takashi Hashiyama , president of Maspro Denkoh Corporation , an electronics company based outside of Nagoya , Japan , could not decide whether Christie 's or Sotheby 's should sell the company 's art collection , which is worth more than $ 20 million , at next week 's auctions in New York .
He did not split the collection -- which includes an important Cézanne landscape , an early Picasso street scene and a rare van Gogh view from the artist 's Paris apartment -- between the two houses , as sometimes happens .
Nor did he decide to abandon the auction process and sell the paintings through a private dealer .
Instead , he resorted to an ancient method of decision - making that has been time - tested on playgrounds around the world : rock breaks scissors , scissors cuts paper , paper smothers rock .
In Japan , resorting to such games of chance is not unusual .
" I sometimes use such methods when I cannot make a decision , " Mr. Hashiyama said in a telephone interview .
" As both companies were equally good and I just could not choose one , I asked them to please decide between themselves and suggested to use such methods as rock , paper , scissors . "
Some random thoughts and ( vaguely ) interesting things I see or do .
Get a bigger flute
June 25 , 2007
Impress the Females
October 20 , 2006
a hot jack hammer rocked the hell out of Minnie
October 18 , 2006
Older Cartoons :
Medieval Birth Control - Is
It for You ?
October 16 , 2006
test oyl
August 18 , 2006
sexy baby and bad erection ?
August 16 , 2006
Laverne News Line
August 14 , 2006
not appreciated for what you know
July 21 , 2006
God at nightly games
July 19 , 2006
Have you ever dreamt to have a very hard penis during all process ?
July 17 , 2006
You have received a postcard !
July 3 , 2006
beaver news
June 30 , 2006
thank snoop
June 28 , 2006
HELLO ME NOT DEAD
Guest comic courtesy Multimoog
March 10 , 2006
get rid of premature ejactulation and last longer
Guest comic courtesy giantsfan97
March 8 , 2006
The eggplant toward an anomaly
If the tornado defined by the customer assimilates a chain saw , then the frozen crane hibernates .
Guest comic courtesy Bottlecap
March 6 , 2006
Your Dog Will Love It !
January 23 , 2006
It`s time to Refill armadillo
January 20 , 2006
You always wanted to use your penis as a billiards cue .
January 18 , 2006
Bad Bunny .
Bad , Bad , Bad Bunny
December 30 , 2005
Skanky Milf Spreads
December 28 , 2005
Amazing , Margaret
December 26 , 2005
Guess Who Is Coming to Town
December 24 , 2005
Three Legged Babes Show off Their Tools !
November 18 , 2005
on fly of professor billiards
November 14 , 2005
Shake The Extra Fat , You Will Be Surprised
November 11 , 2005
Pyrex is the obvious choice for adult pleasure .
November 7 , 2005
Prince got one
October 31 , 2005
MASSAGE FROM SULLY
October 28 , 2005
Stop ignoring me
Spamusement # 300 .
Please can I stop now .
October 26 , 2005
Stock Wizard
October 24 , 2005
Old toy but new size
October 21 , 2005
Waiting Waiting Waiting
October 19 , 2005
you are so good to me eggplant mike
October 17 , 2005
All the Sex and the City you can handle
October 13 , 2005
Discover how I automated my recruiting
October 10 , 2005
Why they all want you !
October 5 , 2005
Get EVERY episode of transformers on DVD at giveaway price
October 3 , 2005
CAN YOU BE TRUSTED ?
September 30 , 2005
Upgrade your brain with Brain Bullet
September 28 , 2005
Hot Hot Hot
September 26 , 2005
Just 15 minutes and it will be hard as ROCK !
September 23 , 2005
Curso de PHOTOSHOP
September 21 , 2005
Gushing , Exploding , Squirting and Dripping : All in One
September 19 , 2005
A T - Shirt sent from Heaven
September 12 , 2005
She cant possibly be enjoying this !
September 9 , 2005
REAL ESTATE GONE WILD
September 7 , 2005
THE LAST WISH OF A DYING MAN
September 2 , 2005
Everybody 's Talking About AlcoMate !
It Really Works !
August 31 , 2005
Bill Gates got one
August 29 , 2005
You have been chosen to win a free cruise !
August 26 , 2005
More nanny than you ever imagined
August 24 , 2005
you never know whats inside ?
August 22 , 2005
Laser Hair Growth Brush - Seen on Dateline NBC
August 19 , 2005
Have zex tonight
August 17 , 2005
slay them all
August 15 , 2005
Mystify the office with the new Illusion series items
August 12 , 2005
Massive ' Weiner ' Action
August 10 , 2005
Watch couple action on webcam
August 8 , 2005
Complimentary Year Supply of Pringles , take the survey
August 5 , 2005
My Friend ,
You are in Trouble
August 3 , 2005
Dont ignore this notice
August 1 , 2005
THERE WILL BE NO EXTENSION OF DATE
July 29 , 2005
Do n't miss Neil Diamond
July 27 , 2005
i did it again
July 22 , 2005
Cellulite please be gone
July 20 , 2005
Enjoy 12 Bottles of the World 's Finest Wines
July 18 , 2005
They like to take turns
July 15 , 2005
Wacky Fetish - Kink Out of Control
July 13 , 2005
where have you been bisque
July 11 , 2005
Say - goodbye - to - the - cellulite --
July 8 , 2005
Erection tests start May 27th
July 6 , 2005
guess who :)
July 1 , 2005
henrietta hamper
June 29 , 2005
Wish you had lager Breasts ?
June 27 , 2005
Is sex a problem in your relationship ?
Guest comic courtesy Alien Loves Predator
June 24 , 2005
Be a hero in bed
Guest comic courtesy Dinosaur Comics
June 22 , 2005
Oprah talked about it
Guest comic courtesy Dinosaur and Robot
June 20 , 2005
Great Father 's Day Gift - LaserTron
June 17 , 2005
Ms. Pac-man is back
June 15 , 2005
Schwarzenegger , just 5 minutes
June 13 , 2005
Something i have been thinking about
June 10 , 2005
Rambo , just 10 minutes
June 8 , 2005
poisson urinal
June 6 , 2005
My penis hurts after a big session
May 27 , 2005
Does your girl like surprises ?
May 25 , 2005
stop wasting your time
May 23 , 2005
It 's not a joke
May 20 , 2005
Got New Panties For You !!
May 18 , 2005
Real Player
May 16 , 2005
HOW TO MAKE MONEY WITH STOCKS
May 13 , 2005
I know what you did last summer
May 11 , 2005
identify brontosaurus crockery shabby taunt
May 9 , 2005
stop that bending
May 6 , 2005
Thinking about you
May 4 , 2005
Hola !
May 2 , 2005
The internet never sleeps
April 29 , 2005
What would you do with your own GPS ?
April 27 , 2005
discover a turnkey marketing system
April 25 , 2005
Monkeys turned into workaholics
April 22 , 2005
I have to get this off my chest before I explode .
April 20 , 2005
ITS REAL .
April 18 , 2005
I found something !
April 15 , 2005
Bug Message
April 13 , 2005
Are you man enough for this
April 12 , 2005
Do not forget about Mother
April 11 , 2005
I 've never seen such a fox
April 8 , 2005
I was always embarrassed , but not now
April 6 , 2005
First time anal - girls love it
April 5 , 2005
quit the dreadfull job
April 4 , 2005
did you see me
March 30 , 2005
You will open and fill this one out for sure .
March 28 , 2005
Some say it hurts , some like it
March 25 , 2005
Is this it
March 23 , 2005
Stay Elongated All Night
March 22 , 2005
Swiss pharmacy
March 21 , 2005
Hope you 're hungry
March 18 , 2005
Trojans are everywhere
March 16 , 2005
I 'm waiting for your decision
March 15 , 2005
amazing new pleasure for men
March 14 , 2005
this might be a perfect fit
March 11 , 2005
Superman in a bottle
March 10 , 2005
Would you let me in your dreams
March 9 , 2005
Are your doctors too far away
March 8 , 2005
We called you 7 times
March 7 , 2005
The mighty cucumber lives again !
March 3 , 2005
guess what happened
March 2 , 2005
When will you start dating again
March 1 , 2005
Do not open
February 28 , 2005
Better late than never
February 24 , 2005
This is faster than I thought it would be
February 23 , 2005
New High tech product thats sure to please
February 22 , 2005
CRY FOR HELP
February 21 , 2005
Double penetration !
In vogue
February 18 , 2005
AWARD WINNER !
February 17 , 2005
sometimes your life experiences are better than a post graduate education
February 16 , 2005
Too many decisions
February 14 , 2005
home alone and bored
February 11 , 2005
with this miracle patch you can lose unwanted fats
February 10 , 2005
she likes peeping on girls
February 9 , 2005
*** Security Issues ***
February 8 , 2005
Become deb free
February 7 , 2005
this is what the big dogs do
February 4 , 2005
Your application was accepted
February 3 , 2005
ca n't beat this ....ox
February 2 , 2005
Enjoy your love life as much as he does
February 1 , 2005
Stop punching a clock
January 31 , 2005
show em all what you can do
January 28 , 2005
Dissolve in 10 minutes
January 27 , 2005
Troy Powell , Checking in
January 26 , 2005
Your Managers Don't Have Expertise They Have This .
January 25 , 2005
Have The Body You 've Always Wanted
January 24 , 2005
If you love her you 'll look
January 21 , 2005
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help .
January 20 , 2005
Large thighs please go away
January 19 , 2005
Investor feeding frenzy
January 18 , 2005
make yourself a man
January 17 , 2005
if you only had this years ago
January 7 , 2005
house and the sheds
January 6 , 2005
New things are coming up this year .
January 5 , 2005
Did you know Sprint PCS did this ?
January 4 , 2005
You need a new watch
January 3 , 2005
Happy new year
December 23 , 2004
Hey buddy - I Had it done
December 22 , 2004
WOW - How do they do that ?
December 21 , 2004
I can propose you the optimum select software
December 20 , 2004
Honey !
December 17 , 2004
We need to have a chat
December 16 , 2004
Can you realy put a price tag on your family
December 15 , 2004
Who cares if it hurts
December 14 , 2004
We need you to test new products !
December 13 , 2004
Watch those lips wrap around a big toy
December 12 , 2004
MARRY CHRISTMAS
December 11 , 2004
Stop the pain indefinitely
December 10 , 2004
It doesnt hurt to check .
December 9 , 2004
A surprising gift for the holiday stevenf !
December 8 , 2004
The Germans have a new way of doing it
December 7 , 2004
Someone you know is getting much better because of this product
December 6 , 2004
Personalized Letters from Santa
December 5 , 2004
1 - 4 extra inches makes a massive difference
December 4 , 2004
like flipping a switch that will allow you to get exactly what you want .
December 3 , 2004
Robomaid amazing new robotic duster
December 2 , 2004
Moms caught in lewd acts 6
December 1 , 2004
have you ever benefited from a smallcap ?
November 30 , 2004
I can supply you the first quality programs
November 29 , 2004
Life is like a coin
November 24 , 2004
if god gave you one wish , what do you want most ?
November 23 , 2004
YOU MUST TRANSFORM TO THE UNSURPASSED GUY FOR YOUR WIFE .
November 22 , 2004
Bert do n't sleep yet
November 21 , 2004
I Flew To London for $ 75 Round Trip
November 20 , 2004
Extreme Streching Ramming Pounding Penetration
November 19 , 2004
We have sexy lingerie for YOU !
November 18 , 2004
An Email From God !
November 17 , 2004
I need to meet a girl
November 16 , 2004
Bigger is better but this is just ridiculous
November 15 , 2004
It 's cheating , but it works !
November 14 , 2004
You wo n't believe what you can get for a buck
November 13 , 2004
I know who is responsible for most of my troubles
November 12 , 2004
there is nothing to be afraid of !
November 11 , 2004
do you like fat ponies ?
November 11 , 2004
Buff up your boner
November 10 , 2004
But I 'd like to
November 9 , 2004
Oprah's Secret Diet ?
November 8 , 2004
Movie Star lips anywhere anytime - right in your bag
November 7 , 2004
let yoda refinance your house
November 6 , 2004
What 's in your louis vuitton handbag ?
November 5 , 2004
security ... bacon
November 4 , 2004
Improved performace saucepan
November 3 , 2004
tired of bread ?
November 2 , 2004
Brandi call the doctor .
November 1 , 2004
How To Live Without Fear In America
October 31 , 2004
How to be irresistible
October 30 , 2004
GOLF NUTS , ENJOY THIS ROUND OF GOLF ON ME !!
October 29 , 2004
This is to inform you
October 28 , 2004
Its a total invasion of privacy !
October 28 , 2004
WHERE IS SHE ?
October 27 , 2004
Sexy Halloween costumes 20 %- 50 %Off !
October 26 , 2004
Put your hands on the hot software
October 25 , 2004
Tiaras for your special event .
October 24 , 2004
want to be like a rabbit ?
October 23 , 2004
making whoppy have never been this staisfying
October 22 , 2004
Your doctor recommended you to oboe
October 21 , 2004
Your lover will jump for joy when you do this !
October 20 , 2004
Make Your Little Guy Big
October 19 , 2004
do i masturbate too much
October 18 , 2004
Football not good .
October 17 , 2004
you address a cat
October 16 , 2004
Good morning , campers :)
October 15 , 2004
Women change your life
October 14 , 2004
They hold a whole lot of it
October 13 , 2004
I was Pulled right out of the Regis Studio Audience
October 12 , 2004
Viking Art Gallery
October 11 , 2004
the best cure for depression , smile
October 10 , 2004
I sure wish you were n't so silly
October 9 , 2004
Want to go on a cruise on us stevenf ?
October 8 , 2004
Ca n't get it up
October 7 , 2004
If you die tonight , what happens to your family tomorrow
October 6 , 2004
It 's not a dream
October 5 , 2004
You have been appr ...
October 4 , 2004
Make Your C*ck A Hammer
October 3 , 2004
whoa , check this out
October 2 , 2004
U are Stupid Dumbass If U Pay Retail Price For Softwares mentioned
October 1 , 2004
the bigger the better
September 30 , 2004
Home is where the heart is
September 29 , 2004
Scientific breakthrough or dumb luck ?
September 28 , 2004
Look out for your Family
September 27 , 2004
ha ha ha your penis is so small Elijah :)
September 26 , 2004
today is the best day
September 25 , 2004
hide your license plate Grover
September 24 , 2004
America 's best kept Secret
September 23 , 2004
Never been easier
September 22 , 2004
Our little secret
September 21 , 2004
Mom ?
September 20 , 2004
The sunshine after the rain is to make you e.nj 'oy the world
September 19 , 2004
whole choir stood there
September 18 , 2004
Premium cigars with hat and travel case
September 17 , 2004
Your Life Ins. Company PRAYS you will NEVER SEE this .
September 16 , 2004
Huge Horse In The Mouth
September 15 , 2004
Michel brownie
September 14 , 2004
no more tickets !
September 13 , 2004
You can not do that !
September 12 , 2004
Please tell me this is a joke
September 11 , 2004
share this experience with your friends
September 10 , 2004
You never know what could happen
September 9 , 2004
i am a new person
September 8 , 2004
Find cut -rate software here
September 7 , 2004
Abe Lincoln Never got it
September 6 , 2004
TURISMO DE AVENTURA !!!
September 5 , 2004
This could change everything
September 4 , 2004
Hide what you watch on cable from your Wife
September 3 , 2004
FROM THE DESK OF GEORGE TETE
September 2 , 2004
your document is silly !
September 1 , 2004
today is the day
August 31 , 2004
Swallowing a hotdog o nthe farm
August 30 , 2004
we talked about this
August 29 , 2004
freedom is mine
August 28 , 2004
Things you should have bought ...
August 27 , 2004
Hey you totally forgot !!
August 26 , 2004
Kinkade 's FIRST Snowman
August 25 , 2004
its not even funny when you do that
August 24 , 2004
quantities of a ruddy - brown fluid were spurting up in noisy jets out of the
August 23 , 2004
Yeah , Yeah Yeah , I know !
August 22 , 2004
Keep that blood flowing
August 21 , 2004
the super pill will help you !
August 20 , 2004
Play video p0ker with the Emperor
August 19 , 2004
Get Paid to Shop. Get Paid to Eat .
August 18 , 2004
Please explain the specific MEDICAL reason for ordering this MEDICATION !
August 17 , 2004
We can help you drive the car you 've been dreaming of !
August 16 , 2004
Amazing Software Types While You Talk
August 15 , 2004
An iPod is waiting for you ...
August 14 , 2004
you lack credentials for that position
August 13 , 2004
cock of the gods !
August 12 , 2004
hello , how can i not help you ?
August 11 , 2004
there is a way out
August 10 , 2004
where did you go
August 9 , 2004
Is n't science wonderful
August 8 , 2004
It feels so right
August 7 , 2004
* HEATH WARNING *
August 6 , 2004
Enhance your anatomy
August 5 , 2004
remember your teen years ?
August 4 , 2004
denied !
August 3 , 2004
look at this - i have more hair
August 2 , 2004
who likes masturbators !
August 1 , 2004
Bill Gates didnt get one either
July 31 , 2004
The ultimate men's health solution
July 30 , 2004
She 's got a suprise in her pants ;)
July 29 , 2004
I want you to talk to me
July 28 , 2004
On a lo-carb diet ?
Not anymore ..
July 27 , 2004
We have your medicine
July 26 , 2004
you were wrong cabinet sanchez
July 23 , 2004
Tiny teen takes on the giant one - eyed monster !
July 23 , 2004
Olsen Twins use online Pharmacy
July 23 , 2004
who will know ?
July 21 , 2004
Make all your dreams come true
July 21 , 2004
Why dont you think ahead
July 20 , 2004
this is pretty neat
July 20 , 2004
LOOK AT ME IM RICH
July 20 , 2004
can you help me out ?
July 20 , 2004
We have located several horny women in your area !
July 16 , 2004
never be sick again !
July 16 , 2004
Just hooked - up a webcam
July 16 , 2004
mistake in order
July 16 , 2004
Do n't waste the summer in pants
July 16 , 2004
why your computer is running slow
July 16 , 2004
Becoming A Millionaire
Is a " Walk in The Park "
July 15 , 2004
Online ordering is the greatest
July 15 , 2004
Losing weight impossible ?
July 15 , 2004
Incoming message
July 15 , 2004
Essay " Warum bis morgen warten , um zu erfahren , was heute geschehen ist ? "
Vor zwei Wochen verordnete sich der " Guardian " einen bedeutenden Schritt : Ab sofort kommen Artikel zuerst ins Internet , dann in die Zeitung .
Alan Rusbridger , Chefredakteur des Blattes , zu Risiken und Chancen des Online Publishing für ein Medium , das mit der Aktualität des Webs nicht mehr mithält .
This is undoubtedly the most surprising doodle that we have ever discovered adorning the surface of an integrated circuit .
Most people are used to seeing warranty disclaimers on everything from refrigerators to software , but this is the first one we have encountered on a silicon chip .
Our hieroglyphics experts have not yet deciphered the entire body of text , but the phrases " No purchase necessary " , " Keep away from fire " , and " not for resale " are clearly visible in the magnified portion shown as an inset within the photomicrograph .
The pad containing this warranty is 450 microns tall by 1850 microns wide and sports 25 lines of text , with each character being between six and eight microns high .
This disclaimer -- probably the smallest ever written -- was found on a Hewlett - Packard " Aspen " ( Acquisition Signal Processing ENgine ) chip used in digital oscilloscopes in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Lewis Libby has been an influential figure in the White House
Lewis Libby , chief - of - staff to Dick Cheney , was also charged with obstruction of justice and making false statements to a federal grand jury .
Bush aide Karl Rove was not charged but the investigation remains open .
The identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame - whose husband criticised the Iraq war - was leaked to a US reporter in 2003 .
Mr Libby said he was confident he would be " completely and totally exonerated " .
Special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald has accused Mr Libby of lying to investigators about how and when he learned and disclosed to reporters classified information about Ms Plame .
LEWIS LIBBY INDICTMENT
Two charges of perjury
Two counts of making a false statement
One charge of obstruction of justice Indictment in full ( 110 kb )
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here
Mr Cheney - who may have to testify at a trial - said he had accepted Mr Libby 's resignation with deep regret , adding that he must be presumed innocent until found guilty .
Speaking outside the White House , President George W Bush said Mr Libby had " sacrificed much " and served in " extraordinary times " .
He said Mr Libby could expect " due process and a fair trial " .
' Lied under oath '
This latest crisis for the Bush administration follows the withdrawal on Thursday of the president 's nominee for the Supreme Court , Harriet Miers , after criticism from Mr Bush 's conservative supporters .
Patrick Fitzgerald says his inquiry into the leak is not yet over
Meanwhile , Mr Bush 's right - hand man , Karl Rove , is still in a state of limbo .
His lawyer says he is still under investigation .
The prosecutor , Mr Fitzergerald , said the investigation was not yet over , but he would not speculate on whether anyone else would be charged .
HAVE YOUR SAY
As an American , I am saddened by the state of our nation
Nate , Minneapolis , USA
Send us your views
" At the end of the day , what appears is that Mr Libby 's story , that he was at the tail end of a chain of phone calls , passing on from one reporter what he heard from another , was not true - it was false , " he said .
" He was at the beginning of the chain of the phone calls , the first official to disclose this information outside the government , to a reporter .
And he lied about it afterwards , under oath , and repeatedly . "
He said the indictment showed the world that all Americans , no matter what their position , were bound by the law .
The disclosure had not only damaged Ms Plame but also compromised US national security , he said .
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said the bigger picture was " about how the Bush White House manufactured and manipulated intelligence in order to bolster its case for the war in Iraq and to discredit anyone who dared to challenge the president " .
Ms Plame 's identity was leaked after her husband , diplomat Joseph Wilson , accused the Bush administration of manipulating intelligence to support military action against Iraq .
Mr Wilson says it was done to undermine his credibility .
Others have raised the possibility that it was a form of payback for her husband 's criticism .
Rolo shows no fear as she jumps through the hoop
Rolo - named after her favourite sweets - competes with sheepdogs to jump through hoops , walks on a lead and herds ducks at her Gwynedd home .
Owner Emlyn Roberts says
Rolo likes nothing more than watching football on TV after calling up for her food .
Rolo spent her first year with dogs Mr Roberts trains for agility contests .
Mr Roberts , a regular at Crufts , is convinced that Rolo is more intelligent than the average sheep , and that she picked up tricks from watching him train his sheepdogs .
She comes in dead on time every day and knocks the door with her head if I 've forgotten
Emlyn Roberts
A bond has forged between the owner and sheep after he rescued Rolo from a farm near Caernarfon last year .
" Everyone thought the lamb had died but I looked and was sure she had n't , " he said .
" I knew there was still some breath left in her so I suggested taking her home and looking after her . "
Mr Roberts said he was unsure how his dogs - among them quad bike riding sheepdog Nell - would react to her , but he said they were not at all bothered .
Rolo enjoys watching the television , especially football
" She comes to the house to be fed and to watch the television , " he added .
" She comes in dead on time every day and knocks the door with her head if I 've forgotten , " he added .
" She is growing up exactly like a dog .
You can tell she thinks of herself as a dog . "
Once her dinner is finished , Rolo will then sit with Mr Roberts as he watches the television and seems to especially enjoy ball games with plenty of action .
" She likes football , she sits with her ears pricked .
I think she 'll enjoy the World Cup , " he added .
Rolo will get the chance to show off her skills when she makes her debut at Sioe Ogwen in Bethesda at the weekend .
|
These are actual questions and answers from UK TV and Radio quiz shows , as compiled by Private Eye in their weekly Dumb Britain section : THE WEAKEST LINKAnne Robinson :
In traffic , what " J " is where two roads meet ?
Contestant : Jool carriageway .
Anne Robinson : Which Italian city is overlooked by Vesuvius ?
Contestant : Bombay .
Anne Robinson :
What insect is commonly found hovering above lakes ?
Contestant : Crocodiles .
Anne Robinson : Wh ...? Contestant ( interrupting ) : Pass !
Anne Robinson :
In olden times , what were minstrels : travelling entertainers or chocolate salesmen ?
Contestant : Chocolate salesmen .
Anne Robinson : The Bible , the New Testament .
The Four Gospels were written by Matthew , Mark , Luke and ...?
Contestant : ( long pause ) Joe ?
Anne Robinson :
Who was a famous Indian leader , whose name begins with G , revered by millions , who was assassinated and received a state funeral ?
Contestant : Geronimo !
NATIONAL
LOTTERY JET SETEamonn
Holmes :
What 's the name of the playwright commonly known by the initials G.B.S.?
Contestant : William Shakespeare .
FAMILY FORTUNES1 )
Something a blind man might use ?
- A Sword2 ) A song with the word Moon in the title ?
- Blue Suede Moon3 )
Name the capital of France ? - F4 ) Name a bird with a long Neck ? - Naomi Campbell5 )
Name an occupation where you might need a torch ? - A burglar6 )
Where is the Taj Mahal ? - Opposite the Dental Hospital7 )
What is Hitler 's first name ? - Heil8 ) A famous Scotsman ? - Jock9 )
Some famous brothers ?
- Bonnie and Clyde.0 ) A dangerous race ?
- The Arabs11 ) Something that floats in a bath ?
- Water12 ) An item of clothing worn by the Three Musketeers ? - A horse13 ) Something you wear on a beach ? - A deckchair14 ) A famous Royal ?
- Mail15 ) Something that flies that does n't have an engine ? - A bicycle with wingsRADIO LINCS PHONE -INPresenter :
Which is the largest Spanish - speaking country in the world ?
Contestant : Barcelona .
Presenter : I was really after the name of a country .
Contestant : I 'm sorry , I do n't know the names of any countries in Spain .
STEVE WRIGHT SHOW , RADIO 2 Wright :
On which continent would you find the River Danube ?
Contestant : India .
Wright :
What is the Italian word for motorway ?
Contestant : Espresso .
Wright :
What is the capital of Australia ?
And it 's not Sydney .
Contestant : Sydney .
THIS MORNINGJudy Finnegan : The American TV show ' The Sopranos ' is about opera .
True or false ?
Contestant : True ?
Judy Finnegan :
No , actually , it 's about the Mafia .
But it is an American TV show , so I 'll give you that .
BBC RADIO NEWCASTLEPaul Wappat : How long did the Six Day War between Egypt and Israel last ?
Contestant ( after long pause ) : Fourteen days .
BOB HOPE BIRTHDAY QUIZ , LBCPresenter : Bob Hope was the fifth of how many sons ?
Contestant : FourBBC GMR , PHIL WOOD SHOWWood : What " K " could be described as the Islamic Bible ?
Contestant : Er ... Wood :
It 's got two syllables ...
Kor ... Contestant : Blimey ?
Wood :
Ha ha ha ha no .
The past participle of run ... Contestant : ( Silence ) Wood : OK , try it another way .
Today I run , yesterday I ... Contestant : Walked ?
DARYL'S DRIVETIME , VIRGIN RADIODaryl Denham :
In which country would you spend shekels ?
Contestant : Holland ?
Daryl Denham :
Try the next letter of the alphabet .
Contestant : Iceland ?
Ireland ?
Daryl Denham ( helpfully ) :
It 's a bad line .
Did you say Israel ?
Contestant : No .
· Try detainees or release them , says report · Prisoners ' treatment ' amounts to torture ' · Bush government dismisses report
The United States should close down its detention camp in Guantánamo Bay and give its detainees an independent trial or release them , a United Nations report released today suggests .
The 54 - page report called on Washington " to close down the Guantánamo Bay detention centre and to refrain from any practice amounting to torture or cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment " .
The UN commission on human rights report was based on interviews with former detainees , public documents , media reports , lawyers and a questionnaire filled out by the US government .
The five envoys from the commission said photo evidence alone - corroborated by testimony of former prisoners - had shown detainees were shackled , chained , hooded and forced to wear headphones and goggles .
" Such treatment amounts to torture , as it inflicts severe pain or suffering on the victims for the purpose of intimidation and / or punishment , " the report said .
Some of the interrogation techniques used at the detention facility itself - particularly the use of dogs , exposure to extreme temperatures , sleep deprivation for several consecutive days and prolonged isolation - caused extreme suffering .
The simultaneous use of such methods was " even more likely to amount to torture , " it said .
This afternoon , the Bush administration rejected the recommendation to shut the prison .
" These are dangerous terrorists that we 're talking about that are there , " said White House spokesman Scott McClellan .
He dismissed the report as " a rehash " of allegations that have been made previously by lawyers for some Guantánamo detainees , saying the military treats all detainees humanely .
" We know that al - Qaida terrorists are trained in trying to disseminate false allegations , " Mr McClellan said .
The US ambassador to the UN in Geneva , Kevin Moley , said the investigation had taken little account of evidence provided by the US .
He also said the five envoys on whose investigations the report was based on had rejected an invitation to visit the detention centre in the US 's Cuban enclave .
The envoys said they had turned it down because the US would not permit them to interview detainees .
Only the International Committee of the Red Cross has been allowed to speak to detainees , but the organisation keeps its findings confidential , reporting them solely to the detaining power .
Some reports have been leaked by what the organisation calls " third parties " .
Clive Stafford - Smith , the legal director of Reprieve and who represents 40 detainees , welcomed the report .
" This is another authoritative body speaking and it's absolutely right , they should shut the place down .
The question now is whether the Bush administration are going to listen or do what we have always seen and bluster against the UN . "
Mr Stafford - Smith said he had witnessed the force - feeding highlighted in the report when he went to see a client .
" He had a tube up his nose which he pulled out in an excruciating way .
He told me they had beat him up to force - feed him . "
Stephen Bowen , Amnesty International UK 's campaigns director , said Guantánamo was " unreformable " .
" After four years Guantánamo has become a byword for abuse and an indictment of the US government 's failure to uphold human rights in the ' war on terror ' .
The US authorities should immediately close down the camp and either release prisoners or bring them before proper courts on the US mainland .
Manfred Nowak , who co-wrote today 's report , said the US must now accept that international human rights law was applicable to Guantánamo Bay .
" Those persons are arbitrarily detained and therefore have to be released or brought to an independent court for being charged and convicted , " he said , adding that combined interrogation techniques , explicitly authorised by the US defence secretary , amounted to degrading or inhuman treatment .
He said in some cases it amounted to torture .
He told BBC Radio 4's the World at One he had " a lot of objective evidence " to back up his claims and said if the US had nothing to hide it should allow his colleagues full access to the camp .
The report also disputes the Bush administration 's legal arguments for the prison , sited at a navy base in Cuba with the purpose of remaining outside the jurisdiction of US courts .
During an 18 - month investigation , the envoys interviewed freed prisoners , lawyers and doctors to collect information on the detainees , who have been held for the last four years without access to US judicial oversight .
The report lists techniques in use at Guantánamo that are banned under the UN 's convention against torture , including prolonged periods of isolation , exposure to extremes of heat and cold , and humiliation , including forced shaving .
It also focuses on a relatively new area of concern - the resort to violent force - feeding to end a hunger strike by inmates .
Guards began force - feeding protesters last August , strapping them on stretchers and inserting large tubes into their nasal passages , according to a lawyer for Kuwaiti detainees who has had contact with the UN envoys .
The report adds to a body of evidence about mistreatment .
The report by the International Committee of the Red Cross last year said interrogation techniques there were " tantamount to torture " .
Unmoored from the Democratic Party , Joe Lieberman is free to show his true colors .
And he is n’t sounding like he is acquainted with what we might call sanity .
“ If we just pick up like Tom Harkin - [ IA ] Barbara Boxer -[ CA ] John Kerry - [ MA ] Edward M. Kennedy -[ MA ] Russell Feingold -[ WI ] Robert C. Byrd -[ WV ]
Ned Lamont wants us to do , get out by a date certain , it will be taken as a tremendous victory by the same people who wanted to blow up these planes in this plot hatched in England , ” Mr. Lieberman said at a campaign event in Waterbury , Conn .
“ It will strengthen them , and they will strike again . ”
“ I ’m worried that too many people [ Christropher Dodd -[ CT ] , Hillary Clinton -[ NY ] , Diane Feinstein -[ CA ] , Barack Obama -[ IL ] , Joseph Biden - [ DE ] , Jay Rockefeller - [ WV ] , Jack Reed - [ RI ] ] , both in politics and out , do n’t appreciate the seriousness of the threat to American security and the evil of the enemy that faces us , ” Mr. Lieberman said at the Waterbury event .
He called that threat “ more evil , or as evil , as Nazism and probably more dangerous than the Soviet Communists we fought during the long cold war . ”
I think Ned Lamont ’s response to this was spot on .
“ Wow , ” Mr. Lamont said , after twice asking a reporter to read Mr. Lieberman ’s remark about him .
“ That comment sounds an awful lot like Vice President Cheney ’s comment on Wednesday .
Both of them believe our invasion of Iraq has a lot to do with 9/11 .
That ’s a false premise . ”
To say the least , it is a false premise .
I ’m also quite amazed to see Lieberman equate the evil of Islamic terrorism to that of the Nazis .
I ’m even more amazed to see him suggest that they represent a greater danger than the Soviet Union did .
That ’s unhinged fearmongering .
Just out of curiosity , I went back this morning and re-read Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’s speech to the nation after the attack on Pearl Harbor [ posted below the fold ] .
I was looking , in particular , for any appeal to fear .
I was looking for any demonization of the enemy , any accusations that they were ‘ evil ’ .
I was looking to see what he appealed to in order to rally the nation for what would be our greatest struggle as a nation .
I did n’t find anything that resembled the bullshit that Joe Lieberman is spewing .
You know what ?
He just said this , “ The facts of yesterday speak for themselves .
The people of the United States have already formed their opinions and well understand the implications to the very life and safety of our nation . ”
That is how things stood on September 12 , 2001 .
We did n’t need George W. Bush to explain to us that , “ Hostilities exist .
There is no blinking at the fact that our people , our territory and our interests are in grave danger . ”
We understood that .
All we required was an explanation for who attacked us , why we were attacked , and how we might dissuade people from attacking us again .
We quickly learned that the terrorists were natives of Jordan , the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia , and Egypt .
All of these countries are formally allied with the United States and have been allied with us dating back to the Cold War .
Clearly , we were dealing with a political statement about our relationship with the rulers of those nations .
But we were not told this .
Instead , we were told that we were attacked because these ‘ folks ’ hate our freedom .
That was the first betrayal .
The second betrayal was suggesting that Saddam Hussein had anything to do with 9/11 , or that regime change in Iraq would matter to dissident groups in Egypt , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia .
Let ’s talk about freedom for a moment , because it is important .
When we look at a group like al - Qaeda , we need to keep two things in our head simultaneously .
First , they want to change conditions in their countries , but are powerless to do so through traditional political means .
Their powerlessness arises from the powerful internal security forces used to protect the House of Saud , the Hashemite King of Jordan , and the President - for - Life Hosni Mubarak .
The second thing to remember is that these terrorists are not looking to replace their despots with Jeffersonian democracies , but with Islamic theocracies .
It is in this latter sense that they lose the right to the sympathy a Republic like the United States might feel for those yearning to topple tyranny .
Bush has spelled out a vision for the Middle East wherein the people will have participatory democracy .
The theory is that they will opt for Jeffersonian democracy if given the ballot , as opposed to opting for something more akin to what Usama bin-Laden wants .
But we have had three electoral processes in the Middle East since Saddam was toppled .
In Lebanon , Hizbollah gained seats and was awarded ministries .
In Palestine , Hamas emerged victorious , leading to Israel ’s imprisonment of a big chunk of their parliament .
In Iraq , they chose to elect theocratic Shi’a parties aligned with Axis - of - Evil member , Iran .
Events such as these are world changing .
And they are complicated .
We have a President that , prior to deciding to invade Iraq , did n’t even know that the Islam has a Sunni branch and a Shi’a Branch .
I know that Joe Lieberman was aware of that , but it does not seem to have better informed his thinking .
The terrorism we face today may , indeed , have a broader ideological basis than the pre-9/11 terrorism .
That terrorism was about our cozy relationship with tyrants in the Middle East .
The new terrorism may be about our complicity in the killing of hundreds of Lebanese , and the deaths of tens and tens of thousands of civilians in Iraq .
It may be simple revenge .
But to compare jihadist ideology to Nazism is a gross exaggeration .
Ahmadinejad and other firebrand ’s rhetoric aside , the goals of the terrorists remain political .
They pose no existential threat to the United States , and they pose no realistic existential threat to Israel .
As for the Soviet Union , their record does not compare favorably with the record of Khomeini ’s Iran , Assad ’s Syria , or with Hizbollah and Hamas .
The Soviet Union killed millions of their own citizens and ruthlessly oppressed Ukrainians , Lithuanians , Georgians , Uzbeks , Kazakhs , Moldovans , Poles , Czechs , Hungarians , Romanians , Slovaks , Jews , and other ethnic groups .
They had enough nuclear weapons to blow up the world and authorized their use in Cuba in 1962 .
Marxist - Leninism represented a coherent , non-sectarian , ethnic , or national ideology that had broad appeal .
Islamic terrorism remains divided along sectarian , ethnic , and national lines .
There is no prospect of an Islamic ruler uniting the terrorists under their banner and going forth to oppress non-Muslims .
There is no prospect of the terrorists capturing any territory other than by the very ballot box that Bush cynically pushes as the solution .
There is no sense in which Islamic terrorism represents even the tiniest threat to us when compared to the Soviet Union .
Nor does it pose a similar threat to the Soviet ’s brand of communism for the people under their thumb .
To suggest otherwise is to either display the grossest ignorance of history and current conditions , or to engage in the basest of political fearmongering .
The solution to Islamic terrorism begins in the occupied territories of Israel .
Once that conlict has a settlement , the swamp that breeds terrorism will be largely drained .
But we will still have to worry so long as our allies in the Middle East are oppressive and corrupt and we are seen as their enablers and protectors .
Joe Lieberman has now shown that he is little different from Dick Cheney in his vision of the Middle East .
In both cases they say our very nation is in peril , and yet neither of them call upon us to make any sacrifice .
When Roosevelt saw an existential threat emerging overseas he acted ( and it required leadership ) .
The draft began in October 1940 .
By the early summer of 1941 , President Roosevelt asked the U.S. Congress to extend the term of duty for the draftees beyond twelve months .
The United States House of Representatives approved the extension by a single vote .
The Senate approved it by a wider margin , and Roosevelt signed the bill into law .
For Cheney and Lieberman to compare the threat of terrorism to Nazism and the Soviet Empire , and to see Iraq go down in flames without even calling for a draft …is about the most irresponsible thing I ’ve ever seen .
If they are right , then they will have lost the war and the country because they could n’t disrupt our college kids ’ plans .
But , they are wrong .
December 8 , 1941 Yesterday , December 7 , 1941 – a date which will live in infamy – the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan .
The United States was at peace with that nation and , at the solicitation of Japan , was still in conversation with its Government and its Emperor looking toward the maintenance of peace in the Pacific .
Indeed , one hour after Japanese air squadrons had commenced bombing in Oahu , the Japanese Ambassador to the United States and his colleague delivered to the Secretary of State a formal reply to a recent American message .
While this reply stated that it seemed useless to continue the existing diplomatic negotiations , it contained no threat or hint of war or armed attack .
It will be recorded that the distance of Hawaii from Japan makes it obvious that the attack was deliberately planned many days or even weeks ago .
During the intervening time the Japanese Government has deliberately sought to deceive the United States by false statements and expressions of hope for continued peace .
The attack yesterday on the Hawaiian Islands has caused severe damage to American naval and military forces .
Very many American lives have been lost .
In addition American ships have been reported torpedoed on the high seas between San Francisco and Honolulu .
Yesterday the Japanese Government also launched an attack against Malaya .
Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong .
Last night Japanese forces attacked Guam .
Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands .
Last night the Japanese attacked Wake Island .
This morning the Japanese attacked Midway Island .
Japan has , therefore , undertaken a surprise offensive extending throughout the Pacific area .
The facts of yesterday speak for themselves .
The people of the United States have already formed their opinions and well understand the implications to the very life and safety of our nation .
As Commander - in - Chief of the Army and Navy , I have directed that all measures be taken for our defense .
Always will we remember the character of the onslaught against us .
No matter how long it may take us to overcome this premeditated invasion , the American people in their righteous might will win through to absolute victory .
I believe I interpret the will of the Congress and of the people when I assert that we will not only defend ourselves to the uttermost but will make very certain that this form of treachery shall never endanger us again .
Hostilities exist .
There is no blinking at the fact that our people , our territory and our interests are in grave danger .
With confidence in our armed forces – with the unbounded determination of our people – we will gain the inevitable triumph – so help us God .
I ask that the Congress declare that since the unprovoked and dastardly attack by Japan on Sunday , December seventh , a state of war has existed between the United States and the Japanese Empire . ”
Are you a game developer or publisher looking to get more people playing your game ?
Gaming Wonderland has millions of users who are eager to play the best online games .
If you 've got a game that would be a great fit for Gaming Wonderland , we want to see it .
Send an email to gamessubmissions@gamingwonderland.com and tell us more about your game .
Digital Foundry Tests : Xbox One X Games Run Great on Xbox Series X
Digital Foundry tested Xbox One X games on the Xbox Series X to see how much they improve , and the results are impressive .
Dr. Daniele Ganser is a historian at the Center for Security Studies ETH in Zurich Switzerland .
After the Cold War had ended , then Italian prime minister Giulio Andreotti confirmed to the Italian Senate in August 1990 that Italy had had a secret stay - behind army , codenamed Gladio – the sword .
A document dated 1 June 1959 from the Italian military secret service , SIFAR , revealed that SIFAR had been running the secret army with the support of NATO and in close collaboration with the US secret service , the CIA .
Suggesting that the secret army might have linked up with right - wing organizations such as Ordine Nuovo and Avanguardia Nazionale to engage in domestic terror , the Italian Senate , amid public protests , decided in 1990 that Gladio was beyond democratic control and therefore had to be closed down .
During the 1990s , research into stay - behind armies progressed only very slowly , due to very limited access to primary documents .
It was revealed , however , that stay - behind armies covered all of Western Europe and operated under different code names , such as Gladio in Italy , Absalon in Denmark , P26 in Switzerland , ROC in Norway , I&O in the Netherlands , and SDRA8 in Belgium .
The so - called Allied Clandestine Committee ( ACC ) and the Clandestine Planning Committee ( CPC ) , linked to NATO 's Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe ( SHAPE ) , coordinated the stay - behind networks on an international level .
The last confirmed ACC meeting took place on 24 October 1990 in Brussels , chaired by the Belgian military secret service , the SGR .
According to the SIFAR documen of 1959 the secret stay - behind armies served a dual purpose during the Cold War :
They were to prepare for a communist Soviet invasion and occupation of Western Europe , and – also in the absence of an invasion – for an “ emergency situation . ”
The first purpose was clear :
If there had been a Soviet invasion , the secret anti-communist armies would have operated behind enemy lines , strengthening and setting up local resistance movements in enemy held territory , evacuating pilots who had been shot down , and sabotaging supply lines and production centers of the occupation forces .
The second purpose , the preparation for an emergency situation , is more difficult to understand and remains the subject of ongoing research .
As this second purpose clearly did not relate to a foreign invasion , the emergency situation referred to is likely to have meant all domestic threats , most of which were of a civilian nature .
During the Cold War , the national military secret services in the countries of Western Europe differed greatly in what they perceived to be an emergency situation .
But there was agreement between the military secret services of the United States and of Western Europe that communist parties , and to some degree also socialist parties , had a real potential to weaken NATO from within and therefore represented a threat to the alliance .
If they gained political strength and entered the executive , or , worse still , gained control of defense ministries , an emergency situation would result .
The evidence now available suggests that in some countries the secret stay - behind armies linked up with right - wing terrorists and carried out terror attacks that were later wrongly blamed on the political left in order to discredit the communists and prevent them from assuming top executive positions .
Evidence suggests that recruitment and operations methods differed greatly from country to country .
The research project into NATO ’s secret armies that is being undertaken by the Center for Security Studies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology ( ETH ) , Zurich , and is headed by myself , has collected and published the available country - specific evidence in the first English - language book on the topic , entitled NATO 's Secret Armies : Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe ( London and New York : Frank Cass [ www.tandf.co.uk/books ] , 1 January 2005 , 300 pages ) .
In a second step , the project is working on gaining access to declassified primary documents , while encouraging discussion among NATO officials , secret services and military officials , and the international research community in order to clarify the strategy , training , and operations of the stay - behind armies .
Do n't do endless sit-ups in the hope of toning your midriff .
The exercise fell close to the bottom in a ranking of stomach exercises by the American Council on Exercise ( Ace ) .
Do go running or swimming .
To get a really flat stomach like David Beckham , you need to reduce body - fat levels too .
Do n't waste your money .
Expensive , hi-tech fitness gadgets designed to flatten your stomach ( such as abdominal rollers and sliders ) are a waste of money , researchers at Kansas State University found .
If you buy anything , make it a Swiss ball .
Do laugh a lot .
It strengthens the deeply embedded transversus abdominus muscle that is the focus of many Pilates exercises and crucial for an ironing - board tum .
Do n't starve yourself .
The body responds by increasing levels of stress hormones and storing excess calories as fat in the abdominal region .
Do swap your bog - standard swivel chair for a Bambach Saddle Seat ( www.bambach.co.uk), which reproduces the natural " S " curve of the spine ( rather than squishing it into an unhealthy " C " shape ) .
Researchers at the University of Birmingham recently found it strengthens and tones the abdominal muscles .
And the ultimate exercise ?
The bicycle move
Lie on your back with your knees bent and feet flat on the floor .
Press your lower back into the floor , engaging your abdominal muscles , as you put both hands behind your head ( do n't pull on your head ) .
Bring your right elbow over to your left knee , and then bring your left elbow over to your right knee in a twisting , bicycle pedal motion .
Continue to breathe .
Alternate opposite elbow to opposite knee with hands interlaced behind your head in a slow and controlled manner and with full extension of each leg on every repetition .
To decrease intensity , keep your knees bent , while you tap your feet to the floor ( instead of extending your leg straight out ) .
Repeat for as long as you can .
“ A CAUTIOUS case can be made that Canada is now rather cool , ” this newspaper ventured in September 2003 .
And it still can .
At a ceremony in Ottawa in September this year , Canada invested a new governor - general , the queen 's representative in Canada and therefore its de facto head of state .
She is Michaëlle Jean , a glamorous black television journalist and former refugee from Haiti .
In her investiture speech Mrs Jean declared that the old story of Canada being separated into the “ two solitudes ” of English - speakers and French - speakers was at last over .
Newspapers gushed .
A banner headline in the Globe and Mail greeted a “ remarkable new governor - general who personifies the free and open country Canada wants to be ” .
In the House of Commons this week , a no-confidence vote felled the ruling Liberal government , paving the way for a general election in January — a mere 19 months after the previous one .
Nonetheless Canada has many good reasons to feel pleased with itself .
Its constitutional motto of “ peace , order and good government ” may not set the pulse racing in the manner of America 's “ life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness ” .
Most Americans probably think of it as a dull old neighbour , when they think of it at all .
But peace , order and good government are solid virtues , and still rare enough not only to make Canadians count these blessings but also for millions of people from less orderly places to flock to Canada to enjoy them too .
Uniquely in the rich world , a large majority of Canadians welcome immigration , now running at nearly a quarter of a million a year , and most nowadays from East and South Asia , with only a murmur of dissent ( see chart 1 , left ) .
Canadians have happily allowed the inflow to transform the ethnic mix and therefore the colours , flavours and rhythms of its cities .
More than half of the residents of Vancouver and Toronto are now said to be foreign - born .
In Vancouver , Canada 's Pacific gateway to China , Martha Piper , president of the University of British Columbia , reckons that half of her university 's Canadian — not foreign — students speak a language other than English at home .
Comfort ye
Wealth lubricates the upbeat mood .
Fifteen years ago , ballooning deficits and a prostrate economy made Canada look like a candidate for an IMF rescue .
That would have been a bitter humiliation to a member of the G7 rich - country club .
Against expectations , a Liberal government elected in 1993 under Jean Chrétien turned the public finances around , so much so that Canada is now the only big industrialised country to notch up consistent surpluses both in its federal budgets and in its trade and current accounts .
For five years it has had the G8's fastest growth , driving unemployment to its lowest levels for three decades and producing big gains in incomes , profits and tax revenues .
In December 2003 Mr Chrétien 's finance minister , Paul Martin , won his reward for presiding over all this by pushing out his boss and taking over as prime minister himself .
The present good times are not the product of fiscal discipline alone .
Canada has reaped advantages from the free - trade agreement with the United States that came into force in 1989 , and the later North American Free - Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
More recently , the economy has been supercharged by booming prices for energy and commodities , of which Canada has an abundance .
China in particular has a growing appetite for Canada 's energy , metals and chemicals .
Such exports helped to lift Canada 's trade surplus to a near - record C$ 66 billion last year .
Better still , energy prices have been rising just as some vast Canadian energy investments , such as the Hibernia development in Newfoundland , and the so - called oil sands of northern Alberta , have started to come on stream .
Although Canada is already the biggest supplier of oil and natural gas to the United States , these new unconventional sources in Alberta mean that dull old Canada now has the world 's second - biggest oil reserves after Saudi Arabia .
Three troubling weather systems
Peaceful , diverse , tolerant ( in June gay marriage became legal throughout the country ) — and with long - term riches to boot .
If this is n't “ cool ” , what is ?
However , Canada is a massive country by area , the second - biggest in the world after Russia , which means that it has room for many kinds of weather .
Look more closely , and you see three weather systems where turbulence and storms are possible .
The first is in the west , the part of the country that benefits disproportionately from the resource boom .
Canada is one of the few countries that has seen exports to China soar , by 40 % in the past year .
In the next few years , economic growth in British Columbia , Saskatchewan and especially Alberta is expected to sprint ahead .
But central Canada 's manufacturing base is not part of this bonanza .
Over time , the country 's centre of gravity will begin to tip westward as the west forges closer links with a rising Asia .
A complication here is that the western provinces , and especially Alberta , have also for many years felt remote from and neglected by the federal government .
British Columbia , cut off behind the Rockies , is oriented towards the Pacific , with a diminishing interest in what happens across the prairies in distant Ottawa .
Alberta - based firms are investing heavily in oil and gas projects in China .
Polls by the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada found that whereas 70 % of people in British Columbia and 39 % of Albertans think that Canada is part of the Asia Pacific region , only 28 % of Ontarians and 20 % of Quebeckers agree .
Although the resource boom is only just starting , the west 's new wealth may place new strains on Ottawa 's ability to hold far - flung Canada together .
The second troubling weather system is in Quebec .
When the new governor - general says that the “ two solitudes ” are a thing of the past , she must be expressing an aspiration rather than describing things as they are .
As a Quebecker herself since emigrating from Haiti , she knows better than most that separatist sentiment is burning brightly in the province .
Why it still does so is something of a mystery , given how well the French - speaking province has fared within the federation .
After a referendum in 1995 , in which Quebeckers voted by the narrowest of margins to remain part of Canada , passions seemed to subside .
Nonetheless , in opinion polls this past summer , more than half of Quebeckers questioned said they favoured sovereignty for Quebec .
Cool or not , Canada could still break up — a prospect that has haunted its federal government ever since Charles de Gaulle 's mischievous speech 37 years ago when he called for a free Quebec .
The third weather system coils along the 5,500 mile ( 8,900 km ) border with the United States .
Although relations with America have survived many ups and downs , the past few years have seen too many downs .
Since September 11th 2001 , the Americans have grown twitchier about border security .
Trade with the United States makes up around a quarter of Canada 's GDP , so the border 's closure would be an economic catastrophe .
However , managing the unequal relationship with the superpower has lately become more complicated , aggravated not only by a perennial trade dispute over lumber but also by what may be an underlying estrangement in values and politics .
Whether these weather systems will develop into storms , and how much damage they would do , is a matter of conjecture .
Canada is a country of ferocious northern winters , whose stoical people are used to battening down their hatches .
Besides , some Canadians love nothing better than a storm : every winter tourists flock to the beaches of Vancouver Island expressly to watch them lashing in across the Pacific .
But managing the turbulence will require both luck and political skills of a high order .
This survey will describe the three systems in turn , and then ask whether Canada has agile enough politics , and a robust enough economy , to weather them unscathed .
TMZ has learned that a paparazzo was arrested in Malibu Thursday after allegedly jumping the fence at a daycare center that Maddox was attending .
Sources tell us that Clint Brewer jumped the fence just before 10:30 a.m. , shortly after Pitt dropped the child off .
We 're told staff from the daycare center made a citizen 's arrest for trespassing .
The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department dispatched deputies and took Brewer , 25 , to the Lost Hills station , where he is being held on $ 1,000 bail .
The famous family returned to Malibu two weeks ago from Namibia after the birth of the couple 's daughter , Shiloh .
Since then , the paparazzi has overtaken the area .
When Angelina took the baby to a home in Beverly Hills recently , paparazzi were hanging in trees , trying to get a shot .
We 're told 4 - year - old Maddox Jolie - Pitt was never in danger .
Pitt 's security chief , Rich Malchar , issued this statement : " School officials and myself feel that some of these paparazzi are like predators who will recklessly take and sell photos of innocent children for money . "
Campaign manager resigns amid Wikipedia flap Biography altered to include candidate 's son's DUI arrest From Peter Hamby
CNN
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Georgia or or Create Your Own WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A Georgia gubernatorial candidate accepted the resignation of her campaign manager Wednesday after he was accused of changing the online Wikipedia biography of an opponent in the upcoming Democratic primary .
Secretary of State Cathy Cox 's opponent , Lt. Gov. Mark Taylor , said Cox campaign manager Morton Brilliant altered an online encyclopedia entry to include a reference to Taylor 's son being arrested for DUI after an accident that killed his passenger .
Wikipedia may be edited by anyone .
" We have reviewed the situation carefully and everything I have seen in this short period of time indicates that the posting originated from my campaign office , " Cox said .
" I am genuinely sorry for any anguish this incident has caused the Taylor family . "
The resignation came after Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales confirmed that the addition to the biography came from an IP address affiliated with the Cox campaign .
Taylor spokesman Rick Dent said earlier Wednesday that the Cox campaign was " exploiting a tragedy for political reasons . "
He also asked for an apology from Cox and for Brilliant to be fired .
Cox said she made it clear to her staff that the incident with Taylor 's son was off limits during the campaign .
" Today , I have once again made it clear to my staff that personal attacks , especially on the family members of candidates , are completely off limits and not at all in keeping with my desire to change the mean and bitter tone of politics , " Cox said .
The original addition to Taylor 's Wikipedia biography read : " Taylor 's son Fletcher recently was involved in an alcohol - related car accident .
The passenger in his car , whom Fletcher identified as his best friend , was killed .
Currently , Fletcher is in an alcohol treatment facility awaiting trial . "
By Wednesday night , it had been edited to read , " Taylor 's son , Fletcher , was charged with driving under the influence ( DUI ) after crashing his car on August 18 , 2005 , in Charleston , South Carolina , killing his passenger . "
The biography also included a reference to Brilliant resigning .
Taylor and Cox are to square off in the Georgia Democratic primary July 18 .
The winner will challenge Republican Gov. Sonny Perdue .
This is not the first time a Wikipedia entry has caused a flap .
Because anyone may edit an entry , the site has become a popular tool among politicians wishing to slam a rival or laud themselves .
According to The Associated Press , the problem is so widespread that Wikipedia has tightened its submission guidelines and set up alerts so that its operators know when Capitol Hill staffers edit online profiles .
One of the most well - known instances of an error on the site involved John Seigenthaler Sr. , whose Wikipedia biography said that he was linked to the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy .
The man who posted the false information later said he was playing a joke , but only after the information had been on the site for 132 days and had been picked up by other Web sites .
Seigenthaler , a retired journalist and Robert Kennedy 's administrative assistant in the early 1960s , wrote a November column in USA Today calling Wikipedia a " flawed and irresponsible research tool . "
" When I was a child , my mother lectured me on the evils of ' gossip , ' " Seigenthaler wrote in the column .
" She held a feather pillow and said , ' If I tear this open , the feathers will fly to the four winds , and I could never get them back in the pillow .
That 's how it is when you spread mean things about people . '
For me , that pillow is a metaphor for Wikipedia . "
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Fair Use advocates , take notice .
Circuit City is apparently putting its neck on the line to provide customers with DVD transfer services .
The company is offering a " DVD video transfer service " that for all intents and purposes is illegal .
The company will take commercial DVDs and rip them for use on portable devices for $ 10 for 1 DVD , $ 20 for 3 DVDs or $ 30 for 5 DVDs .
That is , until their legal department hears what 's happening .
The DMCA , of course , makes this illegal .
Even if fair use clearly provides users the " right " to make backup and private transformative copies of works that they have purchased , the DMCA itself makes it illegal to circumvent encrypted access controls for any reason not allowed for by the Library of Congress .
If Circuit City has n't received a cease and desist , they will soon .
It 's a real shame , too , because this should be a viable market .
Software and services are losing out to draconian digital rights management philosophies and anti-consumer technologies aimed at increasing revenues stemming from double - dipping what I call the industry 's penchant for charging twice for the same thing .
While charging $ 10 to rip a single DVD is pricey , if there was a market for DVD copying software , there would be competition , too .
But since 321 Studios ' DVD X Copy and DVD Copy Plus software was found to violate the DMCA , such software has been effectively banned from US retailers .
A plethora of software is available for copying DVDs online , but all of it is technically illegal to use the United States .
The situation is especially frustrating because challenging the status quo in court has been difficult .
When 321 Studios had their day in court , we hoped that DVD copying would be affirmed .
Sadly , it was n't .
Judge Susan Illston put aside the questions of fair use and instead focused on the legality of 321 Studios ' actions .
" Legal downstream use of the copyrighted material by customers is not a defense to the software manufacturer 's violation of the provisions ( of copyright law ) , " she wrote .
According to a promotional plaque photographed by a Consumerist reader , Circuit City requires that transfers come " from an original copy of your DVD collection , " but they have no way of verifying that .
Even if they could , we do n't expect the MPAA to care .
We all know that as far as the MPAA and its members are concerned , the best solution is the one in which customers buy separate copies of movies for their TVs and their portable media players .
Circuit City 's moves are welcome , but unfortunately doomed unless the retailer decides to stick to its guns .
Update : Bill Cimino from Circuit City ?s corporate offices has confirmed to Ars Technica that this service was actually not offered by Circuit City officially , and that the signage was not accurate nor was it authorized .
LET'S SHOP TOGETHER
Speaking of microchunking work and content ( see post yesterday ) , how about microchunking commerce on the web ?
A starting point to see what this MAY look like eventually is Cribcandy.com , a " social " , visual , browser for stuff on the web .
It 's based on the very visual , " social shopping " company Wists ' tagging technology , which potentially is almost as easy to understand at first blush for mainstream audiences as Flickr was for photos .
If you 're browsing on the web and see a coffee table you like , save it as a public / private visual bookmark on Wists .
Specifically ,
Wist scans the page you 're " wisting " for all the images and asks which one you want to tag .
Select it , and it 's visually bookmarked .
You can keep it private or decide to share it publicly .
Put in a descriptor tag and you 're done .
My wife and I spent almost an hour browsing through Cribcandy yesterday looking at home furnishings .
Click on the " livingroom tag " and you get several pages of pictures livingroom furnishings other people thought were cool .
And in a lot more cases than you 'd expect , they were .
And it 's microchunked down to say , " side - tables " , which is currently a major sub -quest for my wife ( not necessarily the one pictured here ... but could n't you just SEE this in the hallways at Yahoo ! , Google or eBay ? ) .
We 're potentially on our way to spending a chunk of change on a variety of ecommerce sites that we'd never heard of and probably would n't have found on our own , but for the efforts of like - minded potential shoppers .
That 's " peer shopping " , in my book and very Web 2.0 .
And not once during the whole hour did she even know she was using a bleeding edge tagging service , nor did she bleedin ' care .
And she definitely did n't have to take a " Dummies " course in tagging , which remains hard for the mainstream in general .
From her perspective it was like sharing torn off catalog pages with a whole bunch of people .
All of us know the experience of tearing off catalog pages and putting it in a folder for an upcoming holiday and / or event .
Cribcandy is a way to do just that with online catalog and shopping sites .
And it 's a great start .
The offline catalog industry is an $ 80 plus billion industry , just in the US alone .
Imagine if in addition to mainstream users tagging products they like , EVERY item in all those off - line catalogs was available in microchunk form on the web , put out there for various prices by manufacturers and vendors with the same ferocity and tenacity as advertisers large and small today put out adwords on Google and its peers ... Catalogs 2.0 !
Of course a lot of details need to be worked out and a fair amount of technology and infrastructure needs to be deployed .
But BE SURE to follow the four - step program VC Fred Wilson recommends for content ( microchunk it , free it , syndicate it and monetize it ) .
Certainly initiatives like the rumored Google Base are potentially steps in this direction ( see earlier post ) .
But it 's not out of the bounds of possibility .
It 's all about empowering commerce at the edges ( aka peers ) , with consumers , manufacturers and vendors , and letting the commerce happen .
Almost like consumers first and vendors next throwing up beanie babies and a whole bunch more up for sale on a centralized web site back in the mid-nineties .
Only distributed this time around .
And there 's no reason so called " Web 1.0 " ecommerce leaders like eBay and Amazon could n't play .
( Amazon after all came up with Amazon Mechanical Turk for microchunking work just last week ) .
Now that would be something ... ecommerce 2.0 , available on web enabled devices everywhere .
Jessica Simpson ( and of course , Ken Paves ) are in NYC working on some special photoshoot .
The pics look pretty cool from the Polaroids Jessica is holding in her hand .
I wonder what they are for - perhaps a new album or maybe just another magazine spread .
For the first time in a while , I will say I like this version of Jessica - the T - shirt and jeans girl with no extensions still looking like a star .
One more pic of Jessica with her signature open mouth greeting so read more
Source
With Ali al - Fadhily
RAMADI – The U.S. military has lost control over the volatile al - Anbar province , Iraqi police and residents say .
The area to the west of Baghdad includes Fallujah , Ramadi , and other towns that have seen the worst of military occupation , and the strongest resistance .
Despite massive military operations that destroyed most of Fallujah and much of cities like Haditha and al - Qa’im in Ramadi , real control of the area now seems to be in the hands of local resistance .
In losing control of this province , the U.S. would have lost control over much of Iraq .
" We are talking about nearly a third of the area of Iraq , " Ahmed Salman , a historian from Fallujah told IPS .
" Al - Anbar borders Jordan , Syria , and Saudi Arabia , and the resistance there will never stop as long as there are American soldiers on the ground . "
Salman said the U.S. military is working against itself .
" Their actions ruin their goal because they use these huge , violent military operations which kill so many civilians , and make it impossible to calm down the people of al - Anbar . "
The resistance seems in control of the province now .
" No government official can do anything without contacting the resistance first , " government official in Ramadi Abu Ghalib told IPS .
" Even the governor used to take their approval for everything .
When he stopped doing so , they issued a death sentence against him , and now he cannot move without American protection . "
Recent weeks have brought countless attacks on U.S. troops in Haditha , Ramadi , Fallujah , and on the Baghdad - Amman highway .
Several armored vehicles have been destroyed , and dozens of U.S. soldiers killed in the al - Anbar province , according to both Iraqi witnesses and the U.S. Department of Defense .
Long stretches of the 340 mi.
Baghdad - Amman highway that crosses al - Anbar are now controlled by resistance groups .
Other parts are targeted by highway looters .
" If we import any supplies for the U.S. Army or Iraqi government , the fighters will take it from us and sell it in the local market , " trader Hayder al - Mussawi said .
" And if we import for the local market , the robbers will take it . "
Eyewitnesses in Ramadi say many of the attacks are taking place within their city .
They say that the U.S. military recently asked citizens in al - Anbar to stop targeting them , and promised to withdraw to their bases in Haditha and Habaniyah ( near Fallujah ) soon , leaving the cities for Iraqi security forces to patrol .
" I do not think that is possible , " retired Iraqi police Brig .
Gen. Kahtan al - Dulaimi from Ramadi told IPS .
" I believe no local unit could stand the severe resistance of al - Anbar , and it will be the last province to be handed over to Iraqi security forces . "
According to the group Iraq Coalition Casualty Count , 964 coalition soldiers have been killed in al - Anbar , more than in any other Iraqi province .
Baghdad is second , with 665 coalition deaths .
Residents of Ramadi told IPS that the U.S. military has knocked down several buildings near the government center in the city , the capital of the province .
In an apparent move to secure their offices , U.S. Army and Marine engineers have started to level a one - third - mile stretch of low - rise buildings opposite the center .
Abandoned buildings in this area have been used repeatedly to launch attacks on the government complex .
" They are trying to create a separation area between the offices of the puppet government and the buildings the resistance are using to attack them , " a Ramadi resident said .
" But now the Americans are making us all angry because they are destroying our city . "
U.S. troops have acknowledged their own difficulties in doing this .
" We ’re used to taking down walls , doors , and windows , but eight city blocks is something new to us , " Marine 1st Lt. Ben Klay , 24 , said in the U.S. Department of Defense newspaper Stars and Stripes .
In nearby Fallujah , residents are reporting daily clashes between Iraqi- U.S. security forces and the resistance .
" The local police force which used to be out of the conflict are now being attacked , " said a resident who gave his name as Abu Mohammed .
" Hundreds of local policemen have quit the force after seeing that they are considered a legitimate target by fighters . "
The U.S. forces seem to have no clear policy in the face of the sustained resistance .
" The U.S. Army seems so confused in handling the security situation in Anbar , " said Salman .
" Attacks are conducted from al - Qa’im on the Syrian border to Abu Ghraib west of Baghdad , all the way through Haditha , Hit , Ramadi , and Fallujah on a daily basis . "
He added : " A contributing factor to the instability of the province is the endless misery of the civilians who live with no services , no infrastructure , random shootings , and so many wrongful detentions . "
According to the new Pentagon quarterly report on " Measuring Security and Stability in Iraq , " Iraqi casualties rose 51 percent in recent months .
The report says Sunni - based insurgency is " potent and viable . "
The report says that in a period since the establishment of the new Iraqi government , between May 20 and Aug. 11 this year , the average number of weekly attacks rose to nearly 800 , almost double the number of the attacks in early 2004 .
Casualties among Iraqi civilians and security forces averaged nearly 120 a day during the period , up from 80 a day reported in the previous quarterly report .
Two years ago , they were averaging roughly 30 a day .
On Aug. 31 , the Pentagon announced that it is increasing the number of U.S. troops in Iraq to 140,000 , which is 13,000 more than the number five weeks ago .
At least 65 U.S. soldiers were killed in August , with 36 of the deaths reported in al - Anbar .
That brought the total number killed to at least 2,642 .
( Inter Press Service )
とりあえず、以前か ら「 Firefoxに本格移行したら使おう」と思っていたextensionの
ScrapBook をインストールしました 。Webページを保存するツールとしては今まで 紙copi や WeBox を使っていたのですが、保存したページをあとから見るのが手間という感じがしていて、あまり頻繁には使ってませんでした。でも、ScrapBookはブラウザの左ペインに（ブックマークのように）表示できるので、通常のブラウジングと保存したページのブラウジングがシームレスになって良いですね。こちらも、近いうちに完全移行してしまいそうです。
Sleipnirと Firefoxで細かい挙動が違うからか、機能的には問題ないのに、使っているとなんだか体がムズムズするんですけど（そういう事ってありません？）、まあ多分そのうち慣れますよね……。
以前、P2Pインフラ研でGLOCOM研究員の濱野さんが、WinnyとGoogle AdSenseは「脱社会的なユーザによって成り立っている」という点で共通している、という話をしていました。つまり、
「 Winnyでは何もファイルを提供しな いDownload Only Member（DOM）ユーザでもファイルをダウンロードできる。しかし、Winnyのネットワークは大勢のDOMが提供する常時接続回線とキャッシュ領域で成り立つ」
「ユーザはお金を払ったり、コメントを書いたり、ブログを設置してトラックバックを飛ばしたりしなくてもウェブページを見る事ができる。しかしそのサイトの運営は、Google経由でたまたま立ち寄ったユーザがAdSenseを踏むことで成り立つ（ヘビーユーザはほとんどAdSenseを踏まない）」
というように 、Winny とGoogle Adsenseに似た構造が見られるという話です（僕は「脱社会的」という単語をそのとき初めて聞いたのですが、多分「所属する社会に対して意識的に貢献することがない」というような意味だと思います）。
で、個人的にはとても面白い話だと思ったのですが、その中で濱野さんが「ヘビーユーザはほとんどAdSenseを踏まない」と指摘していたところが気になってました。サイトの常連よりもサーチエンジン経由で来るユーザの方が圧倒的に多いというのは感覚的に分かるのですが、ヘビーユーザのAdSenseクリック率はそんなに低いんだろうか？
そもそも、そんなデータをどうすれば取れるんだろうか？と。
そんなことを気にしていたら、最近見かけたRSS広告に関する記事の中にその答え（らしきもの）がありました。
Rauru Blog >>
Blog Archive >> RSS コンテクスト広告がダメな理 由
http://wordpress.rauru-block.org/index.php/1249
Businessweek の Heather Green が Feedburner CEO の Dick Costello と話したところ、RSS 広告として contextual ads はいまいちだったので 、demographic ads に切り替えることにしたよ という話になったそおです。つまり、記事中に含まれるキーワードに即した広告 ( contextual ads ) を打ってもいまいち効果が得らなかったと。むしろ、サイトの購読者層がどういう人たちか ( demographics ) を調べて、その層に合った広告を打つ方が効果が出そうだ、ということらしい。
「 RSSフィードを購読しているユーザ＝そのサイトのヘビーユーザ」と考えれば、確かにヘビーユーザはAdSenseをクリックしない傾向があるようです。
この記事の元ネタになったBusinessweekの記事まで辿ってみても具体的なデータはなかったのですが、ともかく、Feedburnerの中の人が「RSSフィードの購読者にcontextual ads（AdSenseが表示するような、サイトの内容に関連した広告）を見せても効果がない」と発言してしまうレベルなのは確かでしょう。
Businessweekの記事では、「 BlackBerryのサイトをRSSで定期的に見に来るようなユーザは既にBlackBerryを持ってるでしょう。だから、いくらBlackBerryと関連しているからって、Treoの広告を見せても反応するわけないでしょう？」と具体例を挙げて説明してます。確かにそういうケースが多いのかもしれませんね。
----
とはいえ、こ のBusinessweekの記事は2月11日付け、つまりインフラ研（1月28日）の後で公開されたものなので、濱野さんの話はもっと違うデータに基づいてるのかもしれません。一応ネットでも探してみたのですが、それらしいのが見つからないんですよねえ……。うーん。
Computers and DesktopMachines and DeveloperProductivity and Developers and Development and Hardware and Laptops and Management and ManagingDevelopers and Productivity and ProjectManagement and RemotePC and Specs and TerminalServices and Uncategorized Shaun McCarthy 3:09 pm
One of the things I have learned in leading an IT department , is that developer productivity is directly proportional to the equipment that you give them .
So instead of giving your CEO a new Dual – Dual Core machine with SCSI drives , think about who needs that power the most .
Apart from the servers , the most expensive machines in our office are in the hands of developers – Dual 20 ″ wide screens , SCSI 15 k drives , 4 gig ram , Extreme Edition Dual Cores , etc etc .
Also , they have full control over those machines ( no “ you need to be an administrator to install this ” here )
Why give them faster machines ?
They need to run services locally ( IIS , CMS , SQL Server etc etc ) – these hog memory
They run all kinds of weird and wonderful applications
They need to compile large amounts of code , and fast
The quicker they can test a piece of code , the quicker they can fix it
If their machines are still responsive while performing a complex query , they can still do other things , as opposed to twiddling their thumbs .
If that happens to be reading www.reddit.com or www.digg.com all the better – keeping up with technology is what makes being a developer fun
They wo n’t get frustrated , leading them to leaving the “ zone ” / disrupting their “ flow ”
Occasionally , for fun , they play games – let them .
It ’s great for teamwork and communication .
In fact , pretty much everyone here has Nintendo DS lites and we challenge each other during lunch time .
The key , to keeping costs down , is to get them desktop machines instead of laptops .
Desktops ?
That ’s so 90 ’s I hear you cry .
But desktops provide a lot of good things :
You can leave them on all the time
They are much cheaper
They are easy to backup ( centralized )
They wo n’t be dropped
They wo n’t be stolen
They wo n’t be lost
What about working from home ?
Well , most developers have their own machines at home , and for the ones that do n’t , we have a few loaner laptops .
Instead of getting people to develop on their own machines / laptops , we get them to terminal into their machines at work ( GoToMyPC / VPN & Terminal Services ) .
This way they have all the files they need , and the performance on their desktop machines .
I also strongly recommend putting your dev machines on their own GB network , so that interacting with source control / other services is extremely fast .
If your developers are not complaining about going home to their slow machines , then I strongly advise getting them faster machines now !
Dirty Old Town
The best way I can describe the pollution in Beijing is to tell you that I have been here almost exactly three months and only saw the mountains yesterday .
They are called the Fragrant Mountains ; they stand right outside of town , in three beautiful sawtooth layers .
People say they are a lovely place to visit in the autumn , when the colors turn , but I am skeptical .
The notion that any kind of leafy plants could thrive here is hard to credit .
What would they eat ?
The Fragrant Mountains butt up right against the city , the same way they do in Phoenix , Arizona , and yet it took three months and a freak windstorm for them to become visible .
This morning I woke up to a wall of dust so thick that I could barely distinguish the shape of the residential tower across the street from mine , about two hundred meters away , and I breathed a dusty sigh of relief .
Everything was back to normal .
Summer in Beijing is like living in a Woody Guthrie song .
The Gobi Desert is very aggressively trying to expand into Beijing 's turf , and it rains out of the sky as a constant stream of dirt .
Combine this with the bowl - like geography , a stew of other pollutants ( 100,000 new cars a year in Beijing ! ) and the general coal haze that covers China from border to border , and you have a unique respiratory experience for the long - term resident and Olympic endurance athlete alike .
The rare days when a Mongolian wind blows and flushes out the dirt cloud with normal , transparent air are almost too much for the eyes to endure .
Distant objects leap into visibility , new colors appear where before there was only monochrome yellow , and the urban landscape stretches out to the horizon .
Suddenly it 's clear that you live in a city of fifteen million , rather than just a thick cloud of local high - rises and parking lots .
The most mysterious thing about the Beijing dustbowl is how it can coexist with the stifling level of humidity .
This is the only place I know where you can be coated with sweat and have your skin chapped and cracked from dryness at the same time .
The situation does n't seem stable - I worry that one day the airborne wall of soil will find a nucleation center and the whole atmosphere above the city will liquefy into an ocean of yellow mud .
In light of the Satanic climate , Beijing has asked the Olympic Committee to postpone the Olympic Games by two weeks in 2008 , into the middle of August .
They will be starting right about a week from now .
This seems like a wise but insufficient precaution ; it might have been better to defer them until November .
Olympians have had to deal with heat before , in Atlanta and Athens , but the signature Beijing blend of dust , humidity , and heat is going to make things especially interesting for endurance athletes .
The temperature has been hovering in the nineties for the last two months .
Last night brought yet another thunderstorm , the most powerful one yet .
Hot weather and abundant dust seem to be like candy for these thunderstorms , which make a terrific racket and demonstrate that the problem of drainage is still beyond the capacity of Chinese civil engineers .
I knew summer had started for good around the middle of June , when the parasols came out .
The Chinese ideal of feminine beauty requires very fair skin , so many women walk under protective pastel parasols .
This and the summer dresses give the city a nice retro feel .
On the brightest days you can see especially beauty - obsessed women who have forgotten their parasols jogging along in their high heels , clutching a newspaper over their face in an expression of terror .
Meanwhile , construction workers who would be proudly shirtless and tubby in the West here modestly content themselves with rolling up their t- shirts to just below nipple level .
In the back alleys merchants put out cots and sleep out in the street by their storefronts , scornful of the slow - flying and somewhat inept Chinese mosquito , whose numbers have been decimated by the thousands of newly - hatched dragonflies patrolling the city .
These are impressive insects , the size of a child 's finger , and their busy squadrons parody the thousands of uniformed people that also swarm around Beijing , mainly scrawny kids employed to stand on boxes in front of gates and public buildings and sweat .
( That last paragraph I wrote in June , when I was still cocky and elated about the lack of mosquitoes in my new life .
In Argentina I had been locked in a nightly struggle with small , Maradona - like Argentine mosquitoes , as voracious as they were fast , who would wait until the lights were out to go on a blood - fueled bender .
Chinese mosquitoes , by contrast , seemed fat , slow , and easy to smite .
I also thought that living on the fifteenth floor was going to be unbeatable insurance against the beasties .
Little did I know .
The summer honeymoon continued for a long time , but the torrential rains of July finally had their effect .
Our office manager , a Beijing native , explained that this kind of summer drenching was highly unusual for the city , in a tone that suggested I was the one responsible for introducing it .
The merchants stopped sleeping in the streets .
And the mosquito purgatory began .
As I soon discovered , the point of entry into my room was not some kind of gap or hole in the window screens , but the very source of life itself - the air conditioner .
Connected to a little hose and fan assembly outside the building , it would actively suction mosquitoes into the room and cool them to a comfortable 25 degrees .
My nights soon became a choice between unbearable heat and unbearable itching .
Lately I have settled on a compromise - 29 degrees and about seven mosquitoes to kill before being able to sleep , but it is not a happy one .
When dawn breaks ( it sometimes takes until dawn to find the last guy ) , I can see all the other mosquitoes pressing up against the window screen outside , drunk with carbon dioxide lust , waiting to take their turn .
I torment them with a nice slow puff of Sichuan garlic breath through the screen and watch them go crazy .
Then I collapse on the bed , mosquito netting wrapped around my head , and contemplate my sins . )
I was coming up with Good Exception Management Rules of Thumb for .
NET .
Here 's what my brainstorming came up with .
What do you have as good Rules o' Thumb ?
Exceptions are exceptional and should be treated as such .
If something exceptional , unusual , or generally " not supposed to ordinarily happen " then an exception is a reasonable thing to do .
You should n't throw exceptions for things that happen all the time .
Then they'd be " ordinaries " .
If your functions are named well , using verbs ( actions ) and nouns ( stuff to take action on ) then throw an exception if your method can't do what it says it can .
For example , SaveBook ( ) .
If it can't save the book - it can't do what it promised - then throw an exception .
That might be for a number of reasons .
If you can , throw an exception that means something , and if there 's an exception that already exists that matches what happened semantically , throw that .
Do n't create a HanselmanException just because you 're writing the Hanselman module unless you 're adding data or valuable semantics to the type .
If you are building a framework ( or even if you 're not ) throw ArgumentExceptions and ArgumentNullExceptions liberally .
Just as your method should throw if it can't do what it promised , it should throw if you supplied it with crap input .
If you are building a framework ( or even if you 're not ) throw ArgumentExceptions and ArgumentNullExceptions liberally .
Just as your method should throw if it can't do what it promised , it should throw if you supplied it with crap input .
If something horrible happens ( something exceptional ) then you need to decide if you can keep going .
Do n't catch exceptions you can't do anything about .
It 's likely if you could do something about it , it would n't be exceptional , and you might consider calling TryParse , or File .
Exists , or whatever it takes to prevent that exception .
There are reasons to swallow exceptions ( catch ( Exception ex ) ) but they are few and far between and they should be logged if appropriate and documented liberally .
Remember always if you do catch an exception and intend to rethrow it , then use throw ; not throw ex ; lest you lose your call stack and good bits of context .
Create a global error handler that logs everything .
A user should n't ever see an exception dialog or ASP .
NET Yellow Screen of Death , but if they do , let them know that you 've been notified .
{smartassembly} is an easy way to make this happen .
So is ELMAH for ASP .
NET .
( I freakin ' love ELMAH )
Yes Response .
Redirect in ASP.NET causes an internal exception .
Yes , it 's a bummer , but there 's a reason .
It was an easy way to stop execution .
If you do n't like it , call its overload and stop page execution yourself .
Personally , I do n't sweat that one , but then I avoid Redirects , too .
By Monica Chadha
BBC News , Mumbai
One of the restaurant 's owners has apologised for the choice of name
The restaurant opened last week in the city 's outskirts , initially displaying a giant poster of Hitler .
But now one of the restaurant 's owners has acknowledged that naming the restaurant after Hitler was " most inappropriate " and has apologised .
The small Jewish community said they were insulted over the choice of name .
' Very apologetic '
" We have decided to change the name of our restaurant and remove all signs and articles associated with Hitler and Nazism in and around it , " said one of the restaurant 's owners , Satish Sabhlok .
" Our intention was not to glorify Hitler - or his atrocities or ideology in any way - and we regret the anguish caused by the use of this name , " he said .
The Chairman of the Indian Jewish Federation , Jonathan Solomon , told the BBC that Mr Sabhlok came to his residence for a meeting on Thursday morning and was " very apologetic " .
Mr Solomon said that he hoped that the restaurateur had " acted out of ignorance rather than malice " .
" The opening of a restaurant with such a name has shocked us and all right thinking persons around the world , " he said .
" We are grateful ...
To the people and government of our country , to the media for highlighting this issue and to the consular authorities of Germany , the USA and Israel in taking note of this issue and helping in its solution . "
The restaurant opened in the city 's outskirts last week with a party for 700 guests .
A poster of Hitler was placed at the entrance , although the owners said it was not put up by them .
But the name caused fury among the 5,000 - member Jewish community in Mumbai .
" How can anybody think of naming a restaurant after a perpetrator of such heinous crimes against humanity ? "
Mr Solomon asked .
The consul generals of Israel and Germany became embroiled in the dispute , requesting the owners to change the name .
Initially they refused to do so , saying that they were only using the name and not promoting Hitler in any manner .
Mark Stephens , AKA Robert X. Cringely , is a smart guy who has good ideas and interesting predictions .
Every so often , though , he writes something that makes me wonder , " Is he just saying that to see if we 're paying attention ? "
In 2003 , he proposed a business called Snapster that would digitize music CDs and share them freely with all its shareholders , claiming he could n't find a lawyer who could find a " serious flaw " in his logic -- which made me wonder exactly which lawyers he had been talking with .
In his current column ( quoted below ) , and in a similar op - ed piece in The New York Times , he talks about Boot Camp and the future of Mac OS X on Intel hardware :
Microsoft and Apple are happy with each other for the moment , and rather than representing some Apple attack on Microsoft , Boot Camp just represents the state of their happy partnership .
But this wo n't last for long .
It never does .
I predict that Apple will settle on 64 - bit Intel processors ASAP ( with FireWire 800 please ) , and at that time will announce a product similar to Boot Camp to allow OS X to run on bog - standard 32 - bit PC hardware , turning the Boot Camp relationship on its head and trying to sell $ 99 copies of OS X to 100 million or so Windows owners .
This ignores virtually everything that is fundamental to both how operating systems are developed and how Apple does business today .
To call a hypothetical version of OS X compatible with off - the - shelf PCs " a product similar to Boot Camp " is to misunderstand at a profound level how operating systems are developed .
A Mac running OS X is simpler to install , use , and maintain than a PC running Windows because Apple controls both the hardware and the software .
Apple only has to design for hardware configurations that it itself has built .
Were Apple to ship OS X for " bog - standard 32 - bit PC hardware " , it would be just as frustrating as Windows .
Microsoft has a far more difficult time shipping new versions of their OS not because they 're incompetent , but because their task is orders of magnitude larger than Apple 's , made so by the unending hardware configurations forced upon them by the commoditized market for PC hardware .
In other words , were Apple to ship OS X for any old PC , its ease of use would drop dramatically , while its development and support costs would rise astronomically .
[ Could Apple solve this problem by only offering OS X pre-bundled with certain Intel - based PCs ?
Yes , they could : doing so would limit the scope of the work required .
But why would they do this ?
Users can already buy an Intel - based PC with OS X pre-bundled .
It 's called a Mac . ]
Then there 's the issue of margins .
I do n't know what Apple makes on an iMac , or on a MacBook Pro , but I 'm sure it 's substantially more than $ 99 -- hundreds of dollars more .
I would n't be surprised to hear that Apple makes $ 500 per system on their high - end laptops and desktop computers .
If they were to ship OS X for any old PC , customers would say to themselves , " I can have a Mac experience with cheaper PC hardware , " and Apple 's hardware business would dry up .
Apple would then be dependent on a pure - play operating system business .
Users would quickly figure out that OS X was just as difficult to use on their PCs as Windows -- maybe even more so , given how far behind Apple would be in driver support .
The customer choice would be between Windows ( better driver support , far more applications , bundled with virtually every PC made ) or OS X ( poor driver support , far fewer applications , only available aftermarket ) .
Apple would have effectively killed their hardware business with no offsetting software business waiting for them on the other side .
Let me put it this way : Steve Jobs is famous for being obsessive about even the most seemingly trivial aspects of design .
This obsession has paid off by creating loyal customers who -- whether using an iPod or a Mac -- appreciate how Apple gets all the details right in creating an integrated and complete experience .
To me , it 's laughable to think that Jobs would give up this control and turn OS X into a generic PC operating system .
Leaving aside the fatal usability issues , support costs , and margin concerns described above , what Cringely proposes is impossible on aesthetic grounds alone .
I think Jobs would rather have dental surgery without benefit of anaesthesia than see his beautiful software running on clunky PC hardware .
It 's not going to happen .
And I 'm willing to make a public bet with Cringely that it wo n't .
I have been listening to Aerial , the new album from Kate Bush , and it just gets better with every hearing .
One of my favourite tracks is " Pi " :
" a sentimental ode to a mathematician , audacious in both subject matter and treatment .
The chorus is the number sung to many , many decimal places . "
- Observer Review
But something kept nagging me about the song .
Was Kate really singing Pi to 150 decimal places ?
I got hold of the lyrics and checked them against an online version of Pi .
All was well for the first 53 decimal places but then Kate sang " threeeeee oneeeee " when she should have sang " zeeeeeeerooo " instead .
She recovered for the next 24 digits but then it went to hell in a handbasket when she missed out the next 22 digits completely before finishing with a precise rendition of her final 37 digits .
It may seem a bit pedantic to make a fuss but if you are going to sing
Pi then you should make an effort to get it right .
" Sweet and gentle and sensitive man
With an obsessive nature and deep fascination for numbers
And a complete infatuation with the calculation of PI
Oh he love , he love , he love
He does love his numbers
And they run , they run , they run him
In a great big circle
In a circle of infinity "
If Simon Singh can get Katie Melua to re-record her song because of a error about the age of the universe then maybe I can get Kate to re-record Pi .
Real Pi : 3 .
1415926535 8979323846 2643383279 5028841971 6939937510
5820974944 5923078164 0628620899 8628034825 3421170679
8214808651 3282306647 0938446095 5058223172 5359408128
Kate Bush Pi : 3 .
1415926535 8979323846 2643383279 5028841971 6939937510
58231974944 5923078164 06286208
8214808651 3282306647 0938446095 5058223
In case anyone is worried about the accuracy of the published lyrics I did check the audio against the published lyrics and can confirm that they are the same .
And yes I know that I am a bit sad .
[ Update 14th March 2006 - Just added another pi related rant . ]
ワールドカップを見て思うことは、やはり一流の選手は皆負けず嫌いだと言うこと。そして、超一流の選手はだいたい負けず嫌いの程度の超一流。
そしておそらく、負けず嫌いの程度においては、超一流のサッカー選手にも負けない超超負けず嫌いのビル・ゲイツが慈善事業を始めることには、もっと注目すべきである。
これ を 「 WEB2.0競争でGoogleやYouTubeに負けることが見えてきてボロが出る前に逃亡したのだ」と見るのは違うと私は思う。もちろん、状況は不利だと思うし、株価に影響するからそれをそのまま言えなくても、ゲイツも同じように考えているとは思う。ただ、ゲイツには潤沢なキャッシュがあるのだから、それを使えば、いかに時代からはずれようともマイクロソフトを支えることはできる。長年蓄積した有形無形の資産をそういうふうに吐き出してしまう会社も多いから、ゲイツがそれをしたって、非難されることはないかもしれない。
しかし、ゲイツは自分の手で時代を順方向に回すことの面白さを知ってしまった人間であり、そういう選択肢は彼にはあり得ない。
時代を逆方向に回すのに金を使うより、順方向に速める方が面白い。その方法をもうひとつゲイツは見つけたのである。
今は、金の重力定数が増大している時代である。小石と小石が、地球と月くらいの引力で引き合う。金と金が引きあってぶつかりあって、自動的に大きな塊を作り、その塊が雪だるま式に成長していく。金自身がそういう力学を内包しているのだから、それに乗っかるだけですぐ金を稼げる。だから、大金持ちになることはちょっと前ほど難しいことではない。
誰もが、とは言えないが、ちょっと頭がよくてガッツがあって運がいい人間なら、簡単に金を稼ぐ。大金を稼ぐことは、もはやエキサイティングな事業ではないのだ。実際、金を稼ぐことで、ゲイツの後を追っている人間はたくさんいる。
これからエキサイティングでチャレンジングなのは、金を使うことである。ゲイツは、金を使う側の人間としてのパイオニアになりたかったのである。
ゲイツは、おそらく自分の金が無駄になったりルーズな使い方をされたり無意味な使われ方をされるのは我慢ならない。慈善をするとなったら、目標を決め、そこに向かって全力で邁進する組織を作りあげた上で、一円たりとも無駄にせず、自分の金をそこにつぎこむだろう。
もともと、大量の頭のいい人間を組織化することにおいて、たぐいまれなる才能がある人間が、彼の長年の経験を生かして、「金を使う側」の組織を組み立てるのだ。さらにゲイツは、LinuxやAppleやGoogleからたくさんのことを学んでいる。もちろん、マイクロソフトの経営は偉大な事業であり、そこからもたくさん学んだはずだ。でも、競争相手から学んだことで、事業の戦略上の要因から自社に適用できなかったことがいくつかあるだろう。今度彼が一から作る組織「マイクロソフト2.0」には、遠慮なく集団知やオープンソースの方法論がゲイツなりのやり方で吟味された後に取り込まれるだろう。そういう組織が戦略的な慈善事業を効率的に遂行するのだ。
今 、Web2.0バブルに浮かれている者のうち何人かは、ゲイツのように大金を稼いで、いつかそれを使う側に回る。その時はじめて、「しまった!ゲイツにしてやられた」と彼らは気がつくのだ。彼らの送る援助物資はゲイツの敷いた鉄道や道路で送られる。彼らが建てた学校にはゲイツによって命を救われた子供たちが通う。彼らの創設する財団は、全部ゲイツのそれから運営のノウハウを引き継ぐのだ。彼らは、自分がゲイツの手の平で踊らされていることに気がつくだろう。
もちろん、ゲイツと同じくらい負けず嫌いの彼らは、もっとよい金の使い道と使い方を工夫して、なんとかゲイツの上を行こうとするだろう。なんとかゲイツの見落した所から大きな穴を探して、ゲイツからも見放されていた人たちに援助の手を差しのべようとするだろう。
負けず嫌いのゲイツは、これから、そういう彼の未来の後継者と競争するのである。「後継者においしい所は残さない」それが、ゲイツの野心であり野望である。地球全体を見渡して、人類にとって真に有用な金の使い道を包括的に検討し、全くスキがなく間違いのない優先順位に従って、完璧な配分で金を使う。もちろん、ゲイツは彼の未来の後継者が自分と同じくらい頭がよいことを知っている。だから、ゲイツはこの競争がたいへんなものであること認識している。
でも、ゲイツは、未来の後継者に絶対に負けたくないだろう。どうしても、彼らがゲイツの後を追うしかないようにしたいだろう。ゲイツにとって慈善事業は、金持ちの道楽ではなくて命がけの真剣勝負なのだ。
これまで人類の歴史上で、こういうやり方で金が使われたことはない。これから「負けず嫌いの慈善」がどんな結果を起こすか楽しみである。
( 追記 )
これを書くのに参考にしたエントリーです。
America ’s Dirtiest Open Secrets
( Or Five Things Everyone Must Know About America )
The Americans admit it themselves and I agree :
They are a bunch of oblivious folks too engrossed in their struggle to obtain the American Dream to pay heed to anything else .
They have too much of a blind faith in their democratic values and in their elected leaders .
Therefore , they do too little to keep a check on the activities of these leaders .
Resultantly , they pursue policies which , despite being in negation to the American values , go unchecked — even supported at times .
This post attempts to introduce to them — and to all of my readers — some of the dark policies pursued by American politicians .
America created the biggest and most dangerous terrorist organization — Al - Qaeda .
Yes , America created Al - Qaeda .
When the Russians invaded Afghanistan in the late 70s , Al - Qaeda emerged as an international Jihadi movement against the Soviets .
It was funded directly by the Pakistanis and Saudis and indirectly by America , which channeled its military hardware and other logistics through the Pakistani Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) Directorate .
For more details , read this Wikipedia article .
America created the Taliban .
Again yes , America created the Taliban .
Ahmad Rashid , a widely acclaimed Pakistani intellectual , writes in his book , Taliban , that : “ The Taliban originated when the CIA with ISI recruited radical Muslims from around the world to fight with the Afghan mujahadeen against the Soviet Union . ”
Ahmed Rashid also estimates that after 1982 more than 100,000 Muslims from dozens of countries received political or military training in the CIA - backed camps of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
For more details , read this Wikipedia article about Taliban .
America sold arms to Iraq and urged it to use WMDs against civilians in Iran .
During Iraq ’s war with Iran , many American policymakers , arms suppliers and makers benefited immensely by selling large amounts of weaponry to Iraq .
These weapons included chemical agents like cyanide .
In addition , America also encouraged Iraq to use chemical weapons against Iranian civilians and helped Iraq develop its chemical weapons arsenal .
For more details , read Iraq and Chemical Weapons : the US Connection by Daniel E Boles .
America helped Iran to start its nuclear program .
During the Shah ’s period , America signed two agreements –the Atoms for Peace Program and the U.S. - Iran Nuclear Cooperation Agreement –with Iran to urge it to start its nuclear program .
These two pacts , which would help Iran build up to 20 nuclear reactors , brought the US corporations as much as $ 6 billion in profits .
However , after the Iranian revolution of 1979 , America stopped backing Iran and its nuclear program .
Resultantly , the program remained suspended for some time .
Today , however , Iran is still trying to pursue what it calls a peaceful nuclear program .
For more details read this Wikipedia article and this report written from an Iranian perspective .
America is the only country to have used WMDs against civilians .
Remember Hiroshima and Nagasaki ?
American bombs , Little Boy and Fat Man , killed 66 and 39,000 innocent civilians respectively .
This Yale University website has a very good report .
America also used Depleted Uranium ( DU ) in the Gulf War , in the Balkans and allegedly in its recent invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq .
DU is a highly penetrating , toxic element which can cause an increase in cancers and severe birth defects .
The use of DU not only affected American war veterans , but has also thousands , maybe millions of innocent people in areas it was used .
DU is considered to be a WMD and its use is prohibited by many international agreements .
For more details , read this BBC report , this Information Clearing House article , this Sunday Herald report and this report by Prof. M. Miraki , an Afghan expatriate [ WARNING :
This last report contains extremely graphic images which most visitors may find disturbing ] .
America ’s use of the herbicide , Agent Orange , not only caused health problems and damage to its own veterans in Vietnam , but also to millions of Vietnamese who live in areas sprayed by this toxic agent .
Currently there are 150,000 Vietnamese children with birth defects caused by Agent Orange .
For more information , read this BBC report , this Wikipedia article , and the Department of Veterans Affairs website .
With all these hideous crimes , I fail to find a reason why Americans still back administrations which are not only against American values , but also against the common human morals ; which kill indiscriminately and which only think of their own personal ends and those of a few corporations .
This makes Noam Chomsky ’s claim that thought control is conducted to spread a matrix of necessary illusions , true ; and , the necessity of ‘ an intellectual self - defense ’ , inevitable .
Links Worth Visiting :
Tags : America Bush Iraq Afghanistan Al - Qaeda Taliban Vietnam Iran Depleted + Uranium WMDsAdd to : blogmarks | del.icio.us | Newsvine | Raw Sugar | reddit | Simpy | | Yahoo My Web
` An instant classic , covering everything from Shannon 's fundamental theorems to the postmodern theory of LDPC codes .
You 'll want two copies of this astonishing book , one for the office and one for the fireside at home . '
Bob McEliece , California Institute of Technology
Abstract :
There is something fundamentally wrong with the way we create software .
Contrary to conventional wisdom , unreliability is not an essential characteristic of complex software programs .
In this article , I will propose a silver bullet solution to the software reliability and productivity crisis .
The solution will require a radical change in the way we program our computers .
I will argue that the main reason that software is so unreliable and so hard to develop has to do with a custom that is as old as the computer : the practice of using the algorithm as the basis of software construction ( * ) .
I will argue further that moving to a signal - based , synchronous ( **) software model will not only result in an improvement of several orders of magnitude in productivity , but also in programs that are guaranteed free of defects , regardless of their complexity .
Software Is Bad and Getting Worse The ' No Silver Bullet ' Syndrome
Not long ago , in an otherwise superb article [ pdf ] on the software reliability crisis published by MIT Technology Review , the author blamed the problem on everything from bad planning and business decisions to bad programmers .
The proposed solution : bring in the lawyers .
Not once did the article mention that the computer industry 's fundamental approach to software construction might be flawed .
The reason for this omission has to do in part with a highly influential paper that was published in 1987 by a now famous computer scientist named Frederick P. Brooks .
In the paper , titled " No Silver Bullet -- Essence and Accidents of Software Engineering " , Dr. Brooks writes : But , as we look to the horizon of a decade hence , we see no silver bullet .
There is no single development , in either technology or in management technique , that by itself promises even one order - of - magnitude improvement in productivity , in reliability , in simplicity .
...
Not only are there no silver bullets now in view , the very nature of software makes it unlikely that there will be any -- no inventions that will do for software productivity , reliability , and simplicity what electronics , transistors , and large - scale integration did for computer hardware .
No other paper in the annals of software engineering has had a more detrimental effect on humanity 's efforts to find a solution to the software reliability crisis .
Almost single - handedly , it succeeded in convincing the entire software development community that there is no hope in trying to find a solution .
It is a rather unfortunate chapter in the history of programming .
Untold billions of dollars and even human lives have been and will be wasted as a result .
When Brooks wrote his famous paper , he apparently did not realize that his arguments applied only to algorithmic complexity .
Most people in the software engineering community wrongly assume that algorithmic software is the only possible type of software .
Non-algorithmic or synchronous reactive software is similar to the signal - based model used in electronic circuits .
It is , by its very nature , extremely stable and much easier to manage .
This is evident in the amazing reliability of integrated circuits .
See Targeting the Wrong Complexity below .
Calling in the lawyers and hiring more software experts schooled in an ancient paradigm will not solve the problem .
It will only be costlier and , in the end , deadlier .
The reason is threefold .
First , the complexity and ubiquity of software continue to grow unabated .
Second , the threat of lawsuits means that the cost of software development will skyrocket ( lawyers , experts and trained engineers do not work for beans ) .
Third , the incremental stop - gap measures offered by the experts are not designed to get to the heart of the problem .
They are designed to provide short - term relief at the expense of keeping the experts employed .
In the meantime , the crisis continues .
Ancient Paradigm
Why ancient paradigm ?
Because the root cause of the crisis is as old as Lady Ada Lovelace who invented the sequential stored program ( or table of instructions ) for Charles Babbage 's analytical engine around 1842 .
B uilt out of gears and rotating shafts , the analytical engine was the first true general - purpose numerical computer , the ancestor of the modern electronic computer .
But the idea of using a step by step procedure in a machine is at least as old as Jacquard 's punched cards which were used to control the first automated loom in 1801 .
The Persian mathematician Muhammad ibn Mūsā al - Khwārizmī is credited for having invented the algorithm in 825 AD , as a problem solving method .
The word algorithm derives from ' al - Khwārizmī . '
Why The Experts Are Wrong Turing 's Baby Early computer scientists of the twentieth century were all trained mathematicians .
They viewed the computer primarily as a tool with which to solve mathematical problems written in an algorithmic format .
Indeed , the very name computer implies the ability to perform a calculation and return a result .
Soon after the introduction of electronic computers in the 1950s , scientists fell in love with the ideas of famed British computer and artificial intelligence pioneer , Alan Turing .
According to Turing , to be computable , a problem has to be executable on an abstract computer called the universal Turing machine ( UTM ) .
As everyone knows , a UTM ( an infinitely long tape with a movable read / write head ) is the quintessential algorithmic computer , a direct descendent of Lovelace 's sequential stored program .
It did not take long for the Turing computability model ( TCM ) to become the de facto religion of the entire computer industry .
A Fly in the Ointment The UTM is a very powerful abstraction because it is perfectly suited to the automation of all sorts of serial tasks for problem solving .
Lovelace and Babbage would have been delighted , but Turing 's critics could argue that the UTM , being a sequential computer , cannot be used to simulate real - world problems which require multiple simultaneous computations .
Turing 's advocates could counter that the UTM is an idealized computer and , as such , can be imagined as having infinite read / write speed .
The critics could then point out that , idealized or not , an infinitely fast computer introduces all sorts of logical / temporal headaches since all computations are performed simultaneously , making it unsuitable to inherently sequential problems .
As the saying goes , you cannot have your cake and eat it too .
At the very least , the TCM should have been extended to include both sequential and concurrent processes .
However , having an infinite number of tapes and an infinite number of heads that can move from one tape to another would destroy the purity of the UTM ideal .
The Hidden Nature of Computing
The biggest problem with the UTM is not so much that it cannot be adapted to certain real - world parallel applications but that it hides the true nature of computing .
Most students of computer science will recognize that a computer program is , in reality , a behaving machine ( BM ) .
That is to say , a program is an automaton that detects changes in its environment and effects changes in it .
As such , it belongs in the same class of machines as biological nervous systems and integrated circuits .
A basic universal behaving machine ( UBM ) consists , on the one hand , of a couple of elementary behaving entities ( a sensor and an effector ) or actors and , on the other , of an environment ( a variable ) .
Universal Behaving Machine Actors Environment Sensor Effector Variable More complex UBMs consist of arbitrarily large numbers of actors and environmental variables .
This computing model , which I have dubbed the behavioral computing model ( BCM ) , is a radical departure from the TCM .
Whereas a UTM is primarily a calculation tool for solving algorithmic problems , a UBM is simply an agent that reacts to one or more environmental stimuli .
As seen in the figure below , in order for a UBM to act on and react to its environment , sensors and effectors must be able to communicate with each other .
The main point of this argument is that , even though communication is an essential part of the nature of computing , this is not readily apparent from examining a UTM .
Indeed , there are no signaling entities , no signals and no signal pathways on a Turing tape or in computer memory .
The reason is that , unlike hardware objects which are directly observable , software entities are virtual and must be logically inferred .
Fateful Choice Unfortunately for the world , it did not occur to early computer scientists that a program is , at its core , a tightly integrated collection of communicating entities interacting with each other and with their environment .
As a result , the computer industry had no choice but to embrace a method of software construction that sees the computer simply as a tool for the execution of instruction sequences .
The problem with this approach is that it forces the programmer to explicitly identify and resolve a number of critical communication - related issues that , ideally , should have been implicitly and automatically handled at the system level .
The TCM is now so ingrained in the collective mind of the software engineering community that most programmers do not even recognize these issues as having anything to do with either communication or behavior .
This would not be such a bad thing except that a programmer cannot possibly be relied upon to resolve all the dependencies of a complex software application during a normal development cycle .
Worse , given the inherently messy nature of algorithmic software , there is no guarantee that they can be completely resolved .
This is true even if one had an unlimited amount of time to work on it .
The end result is that software applications become less predictable and less stable as their complexity increases .
To Model or Not to Model
It can be convincingly argued that the UBM described above should have been adopted as the proper basis of software engineering from the very beginning of the modern computer era .
Note that , whereas a UBM can directly model a UTM , a UTM can only simulate a UBM ( using an infinite loop ) .
The reason is that a UBM is synchronous ( **) by nature , that is to say , more than two of its constituent objects can communicate simultaneously .
In a UTM , by contrast , only two objects can communicate at a time : a predecessor and a successor .
The question is , is an emulation of a parallel synchronous system adequate for the purpose of resolving the communication issues mentioned in the previous paragraph ?
As explained below , the answer is a resounding yes .
That is , as long as the processor is fast enough .
Turing 's Monster
It is tempting to speculate that , had it not been for our early infatuation with the sanctity of the TCM , we might not be in the sorry mess that we are in today .
Software engineers have had to deal with defective software from the very beginning .
Computer time was expensive and , as was the practice in the early days , a programmer had to reserve access to a computer days and sometimes weeks in advance .
So programmers found themselves spending countless hours meticulously scrutinizing program listings in search of bugs .
By the mid 1970s , as software systems grew in complexity and applicability , people in the business began to talk of a reliability crisis .
Innovations such as high - level languages , structured and / or object - oriented programming did little to solve the reliability problem .
Turing 's baby had quickly grown into a monster .
Vested Interest Software reliability experts ( such as the folks at Cigital ) have a vested interest in seeing that the crisis lasts as long as possible .
It is their raison d'être .
Computer scientists and software engineers love Dr. Brooks ' ideas because an insoluble software crisis affords them with a well - paying job and a lifetime career as reliability engineers .
Not that these folks do not bring worthwhile advances to the table .
They do .
But looking for a breakthrough solution that will produce Brooks ' order - of - magnitude improvement in reliability and productivity is not on their agenda .
They adamantly deny that such a breakthrough is even possible .
Brooks ' paper is their new testament and ' no silver bullet ' their mantra .
Worst of all , most of them are sincere in their convictions .
This attitude ( pathological denial ) has the unfortunate effect of prolonging the crisis .
Most of the burden of ensuring the reliability of software is now resting squarely on the programmer 's shoulders .
An entire reliability industry has sprouted with countless experts and tool vendors touting various labor - intensive engineering recipes , theories and practices .
But more than thirty years after people began to refer to the problem as a crisis , it is worse than ever .
As the Technology Review article points out , the cost has been staggering .
There Is a Silver Bullet After All Reliability is best understood in terms of complexity vs. defects .
A program consisting of one thousand lines of code is generally more complex and less reliable than a one with a hundred lines of code .
Due to its sheer astronomical complexity , the human brain is the most reliable behaving system in the world .
Its reliability is many orders of magnitude greater than that of any complex program in existence ( see devil 's advocate ) .
Any software application with the complexity of the brain would be so riddled with bugs as to be unusable .
Conversely , given their low relative complexity , any software application with the reliability of the brain would almost never fail .
Imagine how complex it is to be able to recognize someone 's face under all sorts of lighting conditions , velocities and orientations .
Just driving a car around town ( taxi drivers do it all day long , everyday ) without getting lost or into an accident is incredibly more complex than anything any software program in existence can accomplish .
Sure brains make mistakes , but the things that they do are so complex , especially the myriads of little things that we are oblivious to , that the mistakes pale in comparison to the successes .
And when they do make mistakes , it is usually due to physical reasons ( e.g. , sickness , intoxication , injuries , genetic defects , etc ... ) or to external circumstances beyond their control ( e.g. , they did not know ) .
Mistakes are rarely the result of defects in the brain 's existing software .
The brain is proof that the reliability of a behaving system ( which is what a computer program is ) does not have to be inversely proportional to its complexity , as is the case with current software systems .
In fact , the more complex the brain gets ( as it learns ) , the more reliable it becomes .
But the brain is not the only proof that we have of the existence of a silver bullet .
We all know of the amazing reliability of integrated circuits .
No one can seriously deny that a modern CPU is a very complex device , what with some of the high - end chips from Intel , AMD and others sporting hundreds of millions of transistors .
Yet , in all the years that I have owned and used computers , only once did a CPU fail on me and it was because its cooling fan stopped working .
This seems to be the norm with integrated circuits in general : when they fail , it is almost always due to a physical fault and almost never to a defect in the logic .
Moore 's law does not seem to have had a deleterious effect on hardware reliability since , to my knowledge , the reliability of CPUs and other large scale integrated circuits did not degrade over the years as they increased in speed and complexity .
Deconstructing Brooks ' Complexity Arguments Frederick Brooks ' arguments fall apart in one important area .
Although Brooks ' conclusion is correct as far as the unreliability of complex algorithmic software is concerned , it is correct for the wrong reason .
I argue that software programs are unreliable not because they are complex ( Brooks ' conclusion ) , but because they are algorithmic in nature .
In his paper , Brooks defines two types of complexity , essential and accidental .
He writes :
The complexity of software is an essential property , not an accidental one .
According to Brooks , one can control the accidental complexity of software engineering ( with the help of compilers , syntax and buffer overflow checkers , data typing , etc ... ) , but one can do nothing about its essential complexity .
Brooks then explains why he thinks this essential complexity leads to unreliability :
From the complexity comes the difficulty of enumerating , much less understanding , all the possible states of the program , and from that comes the unreliability .
This immediately begs several questions :
Why must the essential complexity of software automatically lead to unreliability ?
Why is this not also true of the essential complexity of other types of behaving systems ?
In other words , is the complexity of a brain or an integrated circuit any less essential than that of a software program ?
Brooks is mum on these questions even though he acknowledges in the same paper that the reliability and productivity problem has already been solved in hardware through large - scale integration .
More importantly , notice the specific claim that Brooks is making .
He asserts that the unreliability of a program comes from the difficulty of enumerating and / or understanding all the possible states of the program .
This is an often repeated claim in the software engineering community but it is fallacious nonetheless .
It overlooks the fact that it is equally difficult to enumerate all the possible states of a complex hardware system .
This is especially true if one considers that most such systems consist of many integrated circuits that interact with one another in very complex ways .
Yet , in spite of this difficulty , hardware systems are orders of magnitude more robust than software systems ( see the COSA Reliability Principle for more on this subject ) .
Brooks backs up his assertion with neither logic nor evidence .
But even more disturbing , nobody in the ensuing years has bothered to challenge the validity of the claim .
Rather , Brooks has been elevated to the status of a demigod in the software engineering community and his ideas on the causes of software unreliability are now bandied about as infallible dogma .
Targeting the Wrong Complexity Obviously , whether essential or accidental , complexity is not , in and of itself , conducive to unreliability .
There is something inherent in the nature of our software that makes it prone to failure , something that has nothing to do with complexity per se .
Note that , when Brooks speaks of software , he has a particular type of software in mind :
The essence of a software entity is a construct of interlocking concepts : data sets , relationships among data items , algorithms , and invocations of functions .
By software , Brooks specifically means algorithmic software , the type of software which is coded in every computer in existence .
Just like Alan Turing before him , Brooks fails to see past the algorithmic model .
He fails to realize that the unreliability of software comes from not understanding the true nature of computing .
It has nothing to do with the difficulty of enumerating all the states of a program .
In the remainder of this article , I will argue that all the effort in time and money being spent on making software more reliable is being targeted at the wrong complexity , that of algorithmic software .
And it is a particularly insidious and intractable form of complexity , one which humanity , fortunately , does not have to live with .
Switch to the right complexity and the problem will disappear .
The Billion Dollar Question
The billion ( trillion ? ) dollar question is :
What is it about the brain and integrated circuits that makes them so much more reliable in spite of their essential complexity ?
But even more important , can we emulate it in our software ?
If the answer is yes , then we have found the silver bullet .
The Silver Bullet Why Software Is Bad A lgorithmic software is unreliable because of the following reasons :
Brittleness
An algorithm is not unlike a chain .
Break a link and the entire chain is broken .
As a result , algorithmic programs tend to suffer from catastrophic failures even in situations where the actual defect is minor and globally insignificant .
Temporal Inconsistency
With algorithmic software it is virtually impossible to guarantee the timing of various processes because the execution times of subroutines vary unpredictably .
They vary mainly because of a construct called ‘ conditional branching ’ , a necessary decision mechanism used in instruction sequences .
But that is not all .
While a subroutine is being executed , the calling program goes into a coma .
The use of threads and message passing between threads does somewhat alleviate the problem but the multithreading solution is way too coarse and unwieldy to make a difference in highly complex applications .
And besides , a thread is just another algorithm .
The inherent temporal uncertainty ( from the point of view of the programmer ) of algorithmic systems leads to program decisions happening at the wrong time , under the wrong conditions .
Unresolved Dependencies
The biggest contributing factor to unreliability in software has to do with unresolved dependencies .
In an algorithmic system , the enforcement of relationships among data items ( part of what Brooks defines as the essence of software ) is solely the responsibility of the programmer .
That is to say , every time a property is changed by a statement or a subroutine , it is up to the programmer to remember to update every other part of the program that is potentially affected by the change .
The problem is that relationships can be so numerous and complex that programmers often fail to resolve them all .
Why Hardware is Good Brains and integrated circuits are , by contrast , parallel signal - based systems .
Their reliability is due primarily to three reasons :
Strict Enforcement of Signal Timing through Synchronization Neurons fire at the right time , under the right temporal conditions .
Timing is consistent because of the brain 's synchronous architecture ( ** ) .
A similar argument can be made with regard to integrated circuits .
Distributed Concurrent Architecture
Since every element runs independently and synchronously , the localized malfunctions of a few ( or even many ) elements will not cause the catastrophic failure of the entire system .
Automatic Resolution of Event Dependencies
A signal - based synchronous system makes it possible to automatically resolve event dependencies .
That is to say , every change in a system 's variable is immediately and automatically communicated to every object that depends on it .
Programs as Communication Systems
Although we are not accustomed to think of it as such , a computer program is , in reality , a communication system .
During execution , every statement or instruction in an algorithmic procedure essentially sends a signal to the next statement , saying : ' I 'm done , now it 's your turn . '
A statement should be seen as an elementary object having a single input and a single output .
It waits for an input signal , does something , and then sends an output signal to the next object .
Multiple objects are linked together to form a one - dimensional ( single path ) sequential chain .
The problem is that , in an algorithm , communication is limited to only two objects at a time , a sender and a receiver .
Consequently , even though there may be forks ( conditional branches ) along the way , a signal may only take one path at a time .
My thesis is that this mechanism is too restrictive and leads to unreliable software .
Why ?
Because there are occasions when a particular event or action must be communicated to several objects simultaneously .
This is known as an event dependency .
Algorithmic development environments make it hard to attach orthogonal signaling branches to a sequential thread and therein lies the problem .
The burden is on the programmer to remember to add code to handle delayed reaction cases : something that occurred previously in the procedure needs to be addressed at the earliest opportunity by another part of the program .
Every so often we either forget to add the necessary code ( usually , a call to a subroutine ) or we fail to spot the dependency .
Event Dependencies and the Blind Code Problem
The state of a system at any given time is defined by the collection of properties ( variables ) that comprise the system 's data , including the data contained in input / output registers .
The relationships or dependencies between properties determine the system 's behavior .
A dependency simply means that a change in one property ( also known as an event ) must be followed by a change in one or more related properties .
In order to ensure flawless and consistent behavior , it is imperative that all dependencies are resolved during development and are processed in a timely manner during execution .
It takes intimate knowledge of an algorithmic program to identify and remember all the dependencies .
Due to the large turnover in the software industry , programmers often inherit strange legacy code which aggravates the problem .
Still , even good familiarity is not a guarantee that all dependencies will be spotted and correctly handled .
Oftentimes , a program is so big and complex that its original authors completely lose sight of old dependencies .
Blind code leads to wrong assumptions which often result in unexpected and catastrophic failures .
The problem is so pervasive and so hard to fix that most managers in charge of maintaining complex mission - critical software systems will try to find alternative ways around a bug that do not involve modifying the existing code .
The Cure For Blind Code
To cure code blindness , all objects in a program must , in a sense , have eyes in the back of their heads .
What this means is that e very event ( a change in a data variable ) occurring anywhere in the program must be detected and promptly communicated to every object that depends on it .
The cure consists of three remedies , as follows : Automatic Resolution of Event Dependencies
The problem of unresolved dependencies can be easily solved in a change - driven system through the use of a technique called dynamic pairing whereby change detectors ( comparison sensors ) are associated with related operators ( effectors ) .
This way , the development environment can automatically identify and resolve every dependency between sensors and effectors , leaving nothing to chance .
One - to - many Connectivity
One of the factors contributing to blind code in algorithmic systems is the inability to attach one - to - many orthogonal branches to a thread .
This problem is non-existent in a synchronous system because every signal can be channeled through as many pathways as necessary .
As a result , every change to a property is immediately broadcasted to every object that is affected by the change .
Immediacy During the processing of any element in an algorithmic sequence , all the other elements in the sequence are disabled .
Thus , any change or event that may require the immediate attention of either preceding or succeeding elements in the chain is ignored .
Latency is a major problem in conventional programs .
By contrast , immediacy is an inherent characteristic of synchronous systems .
Software Design vs. Hardware Design
All the good things that are implicit and taken for granted in hardware logic design become explicit and a constant headache for the algorithmic software designer .
The blindness problem that afflicts conventional software simply does not exist in electronic circuits .
The reason is that hardware is inherently synchronous .
This makes it easy to add orthogonal branches to a circuit .
Signals are thus promptly dispatched to every element or object that depends on them .
Furthermore , whereas sensors ( comparison operators ) in software must be explicitly associated with relevant effectors and invoked at the right time , hardware sensors are self - processing .
That is , a hardware sensor works independently of the causes of the phenomenon ( change ) it is designed to detect .
As a result , barring a physical failure , it is impossible for a hardware system to fail to notice an event .
By contrast , in software , sensors must be explicitly processed in order for a change to be detected .
The result of a comparison operation is likely to be useless unless the operator is called at the right time , i.e. , immediately after or concurrent with the change .
As mentioned previously , in a complex software system , programmers often fail to update all relevant sensors after a change in a property .
Is it any wonder that logic circuits are so much more reliable than software programs ?
As Jiantao Pan points out in his excellent paper on software reliability , " hardware faults are mostly physical faults , while software faults are design faults , which are harder to visualize , classify , detect , and correct . "
This begs the question .
Why can't software engineers do what hardware designers do ?
In other words , why can't software designers design software the same way hardware designers design hardware ?
( Note that , by hardware design , I mean the design of the hardware 's logic ) .
When hardware fails , it is almost always due to some physical malfunction , and almost never to a problem in the underlying logic .
Since software has no physical faults and only design faults , by adopting the synchronous reactive model of hardware logic design , we can bring software reliability to at least a level on a par with that of hardware .
Fortunately for software engineering , all the advantages of hardware can also be made intrinsic to software .
And it can be done in a manner that is completely transparent to the programmer .
Thinking of Everything
When it comes to safety - critical applications such as air traffic control or avionics software systems , even a single defect is not an option since it is potentially catastrophic .
Unless we can guarantee that our programs are logically consistent and completely free of defects , the reliability problem will not go away .
In other words , extremely reliable software is just not good enough .
What we need is 100 % reliable software .
There is no getting around this fact .
Jeff Voas , a leading proponent of the ' there is no silver bullet ' movement and a co-founder of Cigital , a software - reliability consulting firm in Dulles , VA , once said that " it 's the things that you never thought of that get you every time . "
It is true that one cannot think of everything , especially when working with algorithmic systems .
However , it is also true that a signal - based , synchronous program can be put together in such a way that all internal dependencies and incompatibilities are spotted and resolved automatically , thus relieving the programmer of the responsibility to think of them all .
In addition , since all conditions to which the program is designed to react are explicit , they can all can be tested automatically before deployment .
Guaranteed bug - free software is an essential aspect of the COSA Project and the COSA operating system .
Refer to the COSA Reliability Principle for more on this topic .
Addendum ( 3/5/2006 )
The COSA software model makes it possible to automatically find design inconsistencies in a complex program based on temporal constraints .
There is a simple method that will ensure that a complex software system is free of internal logical contradictions .
With this method , it is possible to increase design correctness simply by increasing complexity .
The consistency mechanism can find all temporal constraints in a complex program automatically , while the program is running .
The application designer is given the final say as to whether or not any discovered constraint is retained .
Normally , logical consistency is inversely proportional to complexity .
The COSA software model introduces the rather counterintuitive notion that higher complexity is conducive to greater consistency .
The reason is that both complexity and consistency increase with the number of constraints without necessarily adding to the system 's functionality .
Any new functionality will be forced to be compatible with the existing constraints while adding new constraints of its own , thereby increasing design correctness and application robustness .
Consequently , there is no limit to how complex our future software systems will be .
Eventually , time permitting , I will add a special page to the site to explain the constraint discovery mechanism , as it is a crucial part of the COSA model .
Plug - Compatible Components
Many have suggested that we should componentize computer programs in the hope of doing for software what integrated circuits did for hardware .
Indeed , componentization is a giant step in the right direction but , even though the use of software components ( e.g. , Microsoft 's ActiveX ® controls , Java beans , C++ objects , etc ... ) in the last decade has automated much of the pain out of programming , the reliability problem is still with us .
The reason should be obvious : software components are constructed with things that are utterly alien to a hardware IC designer : algorithms .
Also a thoroughly tested algorithmic component may work fine in one application but fail in another .
The reason is that its temporal behavior is not consistent .
It varies from one environment to another .
This problem does not exist in a synchronous model making it ideal as a platform for components .
Another known reason for bad software has to do with compatibility .
In the brain , signal pathways are not connected willy - nilly .
Connections are made according to their types .
Refer , for example , to the retinotopic mapping of the visual cortex : signals from a retinal ganglion cell ultimately reach a specific neuron in the visual cortex , all the way in the back of the brain .
This is accomplished via a biochemical identification mechanism during the brain 's early development .
It is a way of enforcing compatibility between connected parts of the brain .
We should follow nature 's example and use a strict typing mechanism in our software in order to ensure compatibility between communicating objects .
All message connectors should have unique message types , and all connectors should be unidirectional , i.e. , they should be either male ( sender ) or female ( receiver ) .
This will eliminate mix-ups and ensure robust connectivity .
The use of libraries of pre-built components will automate over 90 % of the software development process and turn everyday users into software developers .
These plug - compatible components should snap together automatically : just click , drag and drop .
Thus the burden of assuring compatibility is the responsibility of the development system , not the programmer .
Some may say that typed connectors are not new and they are correct .
Objects that communicate via connectors have indeed been tried before , and with very good results .
However , as mentioned earlier , in a pure signal - based system , objects do not contain algorithms .
Calling a function in a C++ object is not the same as sending a typed signal to a synchronous component .
The only native ( directly executable ) algorithmic code that should exist in the entire system is a small microkernel .
No new algorithmic code should be allowed since the microkernel runs everything .
Furthermore , the underlying parallelism and the signaling mechanism should be implemented and enforced at the operating system level in such a way as to be completely transparent to the software designer .
( Again , see the COSA Operating System for more details on this topic ) .
Consistent timing is vital to reliability but the use of algorithms plays havoc with event ordering .
To ensure consistency , the prescribed scheduling of every operation or action in a software application must be maintained throughout the life of the application , regardless of the host environment .
Nothing should be allowed to happen before or after its time .
In a signal - based , synchronous software development environment , the enforcement of order must be deterministic in the sense that every reaction must be triggered by precise , predetermined and explicit conditions .
Luckily , this is not something that developers need to be concerned with because it is a natural consequence of the system 's parallelism .
Note that the term ' consistent timing ' does not mean that operations must be synchronized to a real time clock ( although they may ) .
It means that the prescribed logical or relative order of operations must be enforced automatically and maintained throughout the life of the system .
Von Neumann Architecture
The astute reader
may point out that the synchronous nature of hardware cannot be truly duplicated in software because the latter is inherently sequential due to the von Neumann architecture of our computers .
This is true but , thanks to the high speed of modern processors , we can easily emulate ( although not truly simulate ) the parallelism of integrated circuits in software .
This is not new .
We already emulate nature 's parallelism in our artificial neural networks , cellular automata , computer spreadsheets , video games and other types of applications consisting of large numbers of entities running concurrently .
The technique is simple : Essentially , within any given processing cycle or frame interval , a single fast central processor does the work of many small virtual processors residing in memory .
One may further argue that in an emulated parallel system , the algorithms are still there even if they are not visible to the developer , and that therefore , the unreliability of algorithmic software cannot be avoided .
This would be true if unreliability were due to the use of a single algorithm or even a handful of them .
This is neither what is observed in practice nor what is being claimed in this article .
It is certainly possible to create one or more flawless algorithmic procedures .
We do it all the time .
The unreliability comes from the unbridled proliferation of procedures , the unpredictability of their interactions , and the lack of a surefire method with which to manage and enforce dependencies ( see the blind code discussion above ) .
A s mentioned previously , in a synchronous software system , no new algorithmic code is ever allowed .
The only pure algorithm in the entire system is a small , highly optimized and thoroughly tested execution kernel which is responsible for emulating the system 's parallelism .
The strict prohibition against the deployment of new algorithmic code effectively guarantees that the system will remain stable .
In a 1995 article titled " What if there 's a Silver Bullet ... "
Dr. Brad Cox wrote the following :
Building applications ( rack - level modules ) solely with tightly - coupled technologies like subroutine libraries ( block - level modules ) is logically equivalent to wafer - scale integration , something that hardware engineering can barely accomplish to this day .
So seven years ago , Stepstone began to play a role analogous to the silicon chip vendors , providing chip - level software components , or Software - ICs [ TM ] , to the system - building community .
While I agree with the use of modules for software composition , I take issue with Dr. Cox 's analogy , primarily because subroutine libraries have no analog in integrated circuit design .
The biggest difference between hardware and conventional software is that the former operates in a synchronous , signal - based universe where timing is systematic and consistent , whereas the latter uses algorithmic procedures which result in haphazard timing .
Achieving true logical equivalence between software and hardware necessitates a signal - based , synchronous software model .
In other words , software should not be radically different than hardware .
Rather , it should serve as an extension to it .
It should emulate the functionality of hardware by adding only what is lacking : flexibility and ease of modification .
In the future , when we develop technologies for non-von Neumann computers that can sprout new physical signal pathways and new self - processing objects on the fly , the operational distinction between software and hardware will no longer be valid .
As an aside , it is my hope that the major IC manufacturers ( Intel , AMD , Motorola , Texas Instruments , Sun Microsystems , etc ... ) will soon recognize the importance of synchronous software objects and produce highly optimized CPUs designed specifically for this sort of parallelism .
This way , the entire execution kernel could be made to reside on the CPU chip .
This would not only completely eliminate the need for algorithmic code in program memory but would result in unparalleled performance .
See the description of the COSA Operating System Kernel for more on this .
An algorithmic program is more like a chain , and like a chain , it is as strong as its weakest link .
Break any link and the entire chain is broken .
This brittleness can be somewhat alleviated by the use of multiple parallel threads .
A malfunctioning thread usually does not affect the proper functioning of the other threads .
Failure localization is a very effective way to increase a system 's fault tolerance .
But the sad reality is that , even though threaded operating systems are the norm in the software industry , our systems are still susceptible to catastrophic failures .
Why ?
The answer is that threads do not entirely eliminate algorithmic coding .
They encapsulate algorithms into concurrent programs running on the same computer .
Another even more serious problem with threads is that they are , by necessity , asynchronous .
Synchronous processing ( in which all elementary operations have equal durations and are synchronized to a common clock ) is a must for reliability .
Threads can carry a heavy price because of the performance overhead associated with context switching .
Increasing the number of threads in a system so a to encapsulate and parallelize elementary operations quickly becomes unworkable .
The performance hit would be tremendous .
Fortunately , there is a simple parallelization technique that does away with threads altogether .
It is commonly used in such applications as cellular automata , neural networks , and other simulation - type programs .
See the COSA Operating System for more details .
The notion that the computer is merely a machine for the execution of instruction sequences is a conceptual disaster .
The computer should be seen as a behaving system , i.e. , a collection of synchronously interacting objects .
The adoption of a synchronous model will improve productivity by several orders of magnitude for the following reasons :
Visual Software Composition
The synchronous model lends itself superbly to a graphical development environment for software composition .
It is much easier to grasp the meaning of a few well - defined icons than it is to decipher dozens of keywords in a language which may not even be one 's own .
It takes less mental effort to follow signal activation pathways on a diagram than it is to unravel someone 's obscure algorithmic code spread over multiple files .
The application designer can get a better feel for the flow of things because every signal propagates from one object to another using a unidirectional pathway .
A drag - and - drop visual composition environment not only automates a large part of software development , it also eliminates the usual chaos of textual environments by effectively hiding away any information that lies below the current level of abstraction .
For more information , see Software Composition in COSA .
Complementarity
One of the greatest impediments to software productivity is the intrinsic messiness of algorithmic software .
Although the adoption of structured code and object - oriented programming in the last century was a significant improvement , one could never quite achieve a true sense of order and completeness .
There is a secure satisfaction one gets from a finished puzzle in which every element fits perfectly .
This sort of order is a natural consequence of what I call the principle of complementarity .
Nothing brings order into chaos like complementarity .
Fortunately , the synchronous model is an ideal environment for an organizational approach which is strictly based on complementarity .
Indeed , complementarity is the most important of the basic principles underlying Project COSA .
Fewer Bugs
The above gains will be due to a marked increase in clarity and comprehensibility .
But what will drastically boost productivity will be the fewer number of bugs to fix .
It is common knowledge that the average programmer 's development time is spent mostly in testing and debugging .
The use of snap - together components ( click , drag and drop ) will automate a huge part of the development process while preventing and eliminating all sorts of problems associated with incompatible components .
In addition , development environments will contain debugging tools that will find , correct and prevent all the internal design bugs automatically .
A signal - based , synchronous environment will facilitate safe , automated software development and will open up computer programming to the lay public .
Conclusion Slaying the Werewolf Unreliable software is the most urgent issue facing the computer industry .
Reliable software is critical to the safety , security and prosperity of the modern computerized world .
Software has become too much a part of our everyday lives to be entrusted to the vagaries of an archaic and hopelessly flawed paradigm .
We need a new approach based on a rock - solid foundation , an approach worthy of the twenty - first century .
And we need it desperately !
We simply cannot afford to continue doing business as usual .
Frederick Brooks is right about one thing : there is indeed no silver bullet that can solve the reliability problem of complex algorithmic systems .
But what Brooks and others fail to consider is that his arguments apply only to the complexity of algorithmic software , not to that of behaving systems in general .
In other words , the werewolf is not complexity per se but algorithmic software .
The bullet should be used to slay the beast once and for all , not to alleviate the symptoms of its incurable illness .
Rotten at the Core
In conclusion , we can solve the software reliability and productivity crisis .
To do so , we must acknowledge that there is something rotten at the core of software engineering .
We must understand that using the algorithm as the basis of computer programming is the last of the stumbling blocks that are preventing us from achieving an effective and safe componentization of software comparable to what has been done in hardware .
It is the reason that current quality control measures will always fail in the end .
To solve the crisis , we must adopt a synchronous , signal - based software model .
Only then will our software programs be guaranteed free of defects , irrespective of their complexity .
Next : Project COSA *
This is not to say that algorithmic solutions are bad or that they should not be used , but that the algorithm should not be the basis of software construction .
A purely algorithmic procedure is one in which communication is restricted to only two elements or statements at a time .
In a non-algorithmic system , the number of elements that can communicate simultaneously is only limited by physical factors .
** A synchronous system is one in which all objects are active at the same time .
This does not mean that all signals must be generated simultaneously .
It means that every object reacts to its related events immediately , i.e. , without delay .
The end result is that the timing of reactions is deterministic .
From The New Scientist :
With half a century ’s experience of listening to feeble radio signals from space , NASA is helping US security services squeeze super - weak bugging data from Earth - bound buildings .
It is easy to defeat ordinary audio eavesdropping , just by sound - proofing a room .
And simply drawing the curtains can defeat newer systems , which shine a laser beam onto a glass window and decode any modulation of the reflected beam caused by sound vibrations in the room .
So the new “ through - the - wall audio surveillance system ” uses a powerful beam of very high frequency radio waves instead of light .
Radio can penetrate walls – if they did n’t , portable radios would n’t work inside a house .
The system uses a horn antenna to radiate a beam of microwave energy –between 30 and 100 gigahertz – through a building wall .
If people are speaking inside the room , any flimsy surface , such as clothing , will be vibrating .
This modulates the radio beam reflected from the surface .
Although the radio reflection that passes back through the wall is extremely faint , the kind of electronic extraction and signal cleaning tricks used by NASA to decode signals in space can be used to extract speech .
The songs of the humpback whale are among the most complex in the animal kingdom .
Researchers have now mathematically confirmed that whales have their own syntax that uses sound units to build phrases that can be combined to form songs that last for hours .
Until now , only humans have demonstrated the ability to use such a hierarchical structure of communication .
The research , published online in the March 2006 issue of the Journal of the Acoustical Society of America , offers a new approach to studying animal communication , although the authors do not claim that humpback whale songs meet the linguistic rigor necessary for a true language .
" Humpback songs are not like human language , but elements of language are seen in their songs , " said Ryuji Suzuki , a Howard Hughes Medical Institute ( HHMI ) predoctoral fellow in neuroscience at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and first author of the paper .
With limited sight and sense of smell in water , marine mammals are more dependent on sound -- which travels four times faster in water than air -- to communicate .
For six months each year , all male humpback whales in a population sing the same song during mating season .
Thought to attract females , the song evolves over time .
Suzuki and co-authors John Buck and Peter Tyack applied the tools of information theory - - a mathematical study of data encoding and transmission -- to analyze the complex patterns of moans , cries , and chirps in the whales ' songs for clues to the information being conveyed .
Buck is an electrical engineer who specializes in signal processing and underwater acoustics at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth , and Tyack is a biologist at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts .
Suzuki , who began the project as an electrical engineering undergraduate at the University of Massachusetts , Dartmouth , worked with Buck and Tyack to develop a computer program to break down the elements of the whale 's song and assign an abstract symbol to each of those elements .
Suzuki wanted to see if he could design a computer program that enabled scientists to classify the structure of the whales ' songs .
He used the program to analyze structural characteristics of the humpback songs recorded in Hawaii .
To measure a song 's complexity , Suzuki analyzed the average amount of information conveyed per symbol .
He then asked human observers who had no previous knowledge of the structure of the whale songs to classify them in terms of complexity , redundancy , and predictability .
The computer - generated model and the human observers agreed that the songs are hierarchical , confirming a theory first proposed by biologists Roger Payne and Scott McVay in 1971 .
Suzuki said that information theory also enabled the researchers to determine how much information can be conveyed in a whale song .
Despite the " human - like " use of hierarchical syntax to communicate , Suzuki and his colleagues found that whale songs convey less than one bit of information per second .
By comparison , humans speaking English generate 10 bits of information for each word spoken .
" Although whale song is nothing like human language , I would n't be surprised if some marine mammals have the ability to communicate in a complex way , " said Suzuki .
" Given that the underwater environment is very different from our world , it is not surprising that they would communicate in rather a different way from land mammals . "
The structure of the humpback whale song is repetitive and rigid .
The whales repeat unique phrases made up of short and long segments to craft a song .
There are multiple layers , or scales , of repetition , denoted as periodicities .
One scale is made up of six units , while a longer one consists of 180 - 400 units .
The combined periodicities give the song its hierarchical structure .
Suzuki compared his new technique for animal communication research with more traditional models , such as the first order Markov model that is used to analyze bird songs , which are often shorter and simpler in structure than humpback whale songs .
The Markov model proved inadequate for the whale song 's complex structure .
Information theory , in contrast , proved perfect for analyzing humpback whale songs because it provided a quantitative analysis of the complexity and structure of the songs .
" Information theory was the right choice because it allows one to study the structure of humpback songs without knowing what they mean , " said Suzuki .
" I hope that knowing the hierarchical structure in humpback songs will inform research in other fields , such as evolutionary biology , " said Suzuki .
The technique he developed is already being used by a postdoctoral fellow in Buck 's laboratory to analyze recently recorded songs of humpback whales from Australia .
Source : Howard Hughes Medical Institute
Wird die grüne Gentechnik überschätzt ?
Brigitte Zarzer
Der jüngste Bericht des Büros für Technikfolgenabschätzung lässt oft geäußerte Erwartungen an transgene Pflanzen der 2 . und 3 .
Generation als überzogen erscheinen
Das Büro für Technikfolgen - Abschätzung legte dem Bundestagsausschuss für Forschung kürzlich einen Bericht zum Thema „ Grüne Gentechnik – Transgene Pflanzen der 2 . und 3 . Generation “ vor .
Der Bericht behandelt die Potenziale und Perspektiven von nutzungsveränderten Pflanzen als Grundlage für funktionelle Lebensmittel oder zur Produktion neuer nachwachsender Rohstoffe sowie für human - und tiermedizinische Zwecke .
Dabei zeigt sich , dass etliche Optionen von der Industrie bereits wieder verworfen wurden und die Entwicklung in den meisten Fällen weniger weit gediehen ist als erhofft .
Bessere Chancen werden dem Segment der Pharmapflanzen eingeräumt .
MdB Hans - Josef Fell vom Bündnis 90 / Die Grünen nimmt den Bericht zum Anlass , eine forschungspolitische
Wende hin zur weißen Biotechnologie und verstärkter Biodiversitätsforschung zu fordern .
Bis heute haben nur zwei Technologien im Bereich der grünen Gentechnik kommerzielle Bedeutung erlangt : Insektenresistente und herbizidtolerante GV - Pflanzen ( GVP ) , die gewisse agronomische Vorteile für die industrialisierte Landwirtschaft bringen .
Da sie vom Endverbraucher aber als zusätzliches Risiko empfunden werden , setzen Gentech - Befürworter große Hoffnungen in transgene Pflanzen der 2 . und 3 .
Generation , die etwa durch verbesserte Inhaltsstoffe die Akzeptanz der grünen Gentechnik erhöhen könnten .
Auch an den Bereich nachwachsende Rohstoffe oder Pharmapflanzen wurden und werden hohe Erwartungen geknüpft .
Doch wer den TAB - Bericht ( der dem Ausschuss vorgelegte Gesamtbericht liegt der Redaktion vor ) durchliest , gewinnt den Eindruck , dass die meisten Projekte unglaublich aufwändig und darüber hinaus viele technische Fragen noch offen sind .
Der kommerzielle Erfolg ist nicht absehbar .
Am interessantesten erscheint noch das Segment der Pharmapflanzen zu sein .
Das Büro für Technikfolgenabschätzung ist eine selbständige wissenschaftliche Einrichtung , die den Deutschen Bundestag und seine Ausschüsse in Fragen des wissenschaftlich - technischen Wandels berät .
Der Bericht wurde Sommer 2003 in Auftrag gegeben und Mitte Februar 2006 vorgelegt .
Dr. Arnold Sauter und sein Team analysierten – soweit ermittelbar – Aktivitäten rund um GVP der 2 . und 3 . Generation weltweit .
Besonderes Augenmerk wurde auf die drei wichtigsten Hauptgruppen gelegt : GVP zur Produktion funktioneller Lebensmittel bzw . von „ Functional Food “ ( „ FF - GVP “ ) , zur Produktion pharmazeutisch nutzbarer Proteine ( „ PMP - GVP “ ) sowie zur Produktion anderweitig industriell nutzbarer Stoffe ( „ PMI - GVP “ ) .
Der oft in Medien beschworene Anschub der grünen Gentechnik durch die Entwicklung von GVPs mit Verbrauchernutzen dürfte sich vorerst nicht realisieren .
„ Innerhalb des Gesamtkonzepts Funktioneller Lebensmittel wird GVP - Ansätzen in den nächsten Jahren nur eine geringe Bedeutung zukommen “ , so die Studienautoren .
Hier würden die Unternehmen Zurückhaltung zeigen .
Das dürfte auch daran liegen , dass für die meisten zurzeit in GVP erforschten Inhaltstoffe bereits etablierte Produktionsplattformen ( z.B. chemische Synthese , Isolierung aus natürlichen Quellen ) vorhanden sind , mit denen GVP konkurrieren müssen .
Hinzu kommt die Frage , ob sich die mehrheitlich skeptischen Verbraucher aufgrund eines propagierten gesundheitlichen Nutzens tatsächlich zum Konsum von GVP animieren lassen würden .
Im Bericht heißt es dazu :
Es kann wohl aber davon ausgegangen werden , dass ein solcher gesundheitlicher Zusatznutzen allein nicht ausreichen wird , um Akzeptanz für GVP herzustellen .
Auch für – konventionell hergestellte – Funktionelle Lebensmittel ist der gesundheitlich Zusatznutzen eine notwendige , aber keine hinreichende Produkteigenschaft , um am Markt bestehen zu können .
Nachwachsende Rohstoffe ?
Überrascht zeigen sich die Autoren über die eher mageren Ergebnisse im Bereich der Entwicklung von nachwachsenden Rohstoffen für industrielle Zwecke ( PMI ) aus GVP , zumal hier große Hoffnungen gehegt und auch EU - weit viele Projekte gefördert wurden , sich bisher aber ( auch weltweit ) kaum Produkte am Markt bzw. im Zulassungsstadium befinden .
Dabei geht es etwa um gentechnische Modifikation des Fettsäurespektrums ( „ Öl - Design “ ) oder Kohlehydraten ( „ Stärke - Design “ ) , Produktion von Biokunststoff aus GVP , veränderte Holz - und Fasereigenschaften von Bäumen u.ä .
Aus europäischer Sicht interessant ist die Entwicklung der amylosefreien Kartoffel , die bereits 1997 zur Zulassung angemeldet wurde , zunächst aber dem bis Frühjahr 2004 geltendem de facto - Moratorium in der EU zum Opfer gefallen war .
Die Grundidee hinter dieser GV - Kartoffel war ein durchaus ökologischer .
Denn durch die Reduktion von Amylose könnte Amylopektin , ein Stoff , der laut dem TAB - Bericht zur Produktion von Bindemitteln und in der Papierindustrie eingesetzt wird , umweltschonender gewonnen werden .
Durch den Wegfall aufwändiger Trennungsverfahren könnten Energie - und Wasserverbrauch reduziert werden , so die Idee .
Insgesamt zeigt sich der Bericht aber skeptisch gegenüber der Entwicklung GV - Industriepflanzen .
In einer eigens verfassten TAB - Kurzinfo heißt es treffend :
Das biologische ‚ Produktionssystem Pflanze ’ wehrt sich grundsätzlich gegen eine zu große Produktion einzelner Inhaltsstoffe , so dass die erzielten und möglicherweise erzielbaren Ausbeuten meist ( noch ? ) nicht ausreichen , um gegen die konventionelle Konkurrenz ( nicht gentechnisch veränderte Pflanzen , mikrobielle Produktionssysteme oder z.B. aus Erdöl gewonnene chemische Erzeugnisse ) erfolgreich bestehen zu können .
Theoretisch am plausibelsten wirken hier Ansätze der Herstellung von speziellen und hochpreisigen Inhaltsstoffen , die nur in kleineren Mengen benötigt werden und exklusiv in bzw .
mit transgenen Pflanzen produziert werden können – doch dafür gibt es bis jetzt kaum Beispiele .
Die hier eingeräumte Komplexität der Pflanze ist eines der Hauptargumente der Kritiker der grünen Gentechnik .
Die praktischen Schwächen der bisher kommerzialisierten GV - Pflanzen sind tatsächlich nicht wegzudiskutieren .
Nach mehr als zwanzig Jahren Forschung ist schließlich selbst bei GV - Linien der 1 .
Generation das Problem der Ausbreitung von Fremdgenen nicht befriedigend gelöst .
Insofern ist die derzeit in kritischen Kreisen häufig geäußerte Befürchtung nachvollziehbar , dass sich Gentechnik etwa über Energiepflanzen ( Anm. nachwachsende Rohstoffe der 1 .
Generation mit agronomischen Merkmalen wurden im TAB - Bericht nicht behandelt ) auf den Feldern Europas ausbreiten könnten .
Der Verbraucher würde hier möglicherweise weniger skeptisch reagieren als im Nahrungsmittelbereich .
Der Natur allerdings ist es egal , ob sich Fremdgene über Nahrungsmittel - oder Energiepflanzen verbreiten .
Hans - Josef Fell , Berichterstatter für Technikfolgenabschätzung Bündnis 90 / Die Grünen dazu im Telepolis - Gespräch :
Nachwachsende Rohstoffe sind natürlich ein Thema .
Allerdings braucht man dafür nicht die grüne Gentechnik .
Die Natur bietet genügend Pflanzen .
Zum Beispiel muss man bei Energiepflanzen nicht einseitig auf Raps setzen , da es viele andere Ölpflanzen gibt , die dann in Mischkultur angebaut werden können .
Hier gibt es vereinzelt bereits viel versprechende Projekte .
Monokulturen hingegen tendieren dazu , zum Einfallstor für die grüne Gentechnik zu werden .
Neuausrichtung der Forschungspolitik ?
Fell hält die grüne Gentechnik generell für überschätzt .
Der TAB - Bericht macht jedenfalls klar , dass man bei der grünen Gentechnik der 2 . und 3 .
Generation sehr genau hinsehen und vor allem mögliche alternative Produktionsformen gegenüberstellen muss , um dann jene Projekte herauszufiltern , bei denen es überhaupt vertretbar ist , sie mit öffentlichen Geldern zu fördern .
Die Autoren geben einige Handlungsempfehlungen für die Ausrichtung der Forschungspolitik ab .
So wird unter anderem ein ressortübergreifendes Zusammenwirken angeregt .
Empfohlen wird zudem eine stärkere gesellschaftliche Öffnung „ bereits in frühen Forschungsstadien “ .
Der Grünen - Abgeordnete
Fell nimmt den Bericht zum Anlass , grundsätzliche Kritik an der Art und Weise zu üben wie heute Forschungspolitik betrieben wird :
Heute fragt die Politik die - etablierten – Wissenschaftler : ‚ Was haltet ihr für wichtig ?’.
Gerade im Bereich der grünen Gentechnik sind viele Forscher aber nicht unabhängig sondern irgendwie mit der Gentech - Industrie verbandelt .
Die Politik sollte umgekehrt zuerst herausfinden , was ökologisch und sozial förderungswürdig ist und daran ihre Forschungspolitik ausrichten .
Für die Grünen hieße das eine Hinwendung zu nachhaltiger Landwirtschaft , erneuerbaren Energien und im Bereich der Biotechnologie die Förderung der weißen bzw .
grauen Biotechnologie .
Fell im Telepolis - Gespräch :
Wer den Kritikern der grünen Gentechnik ständig Forschungsfeindlichkeit vorwirft , tut dem Gesamtbereich Biotechnologie nichts Gutes .
Wir Grüne sehen gerade in der weißen Biotechnologie - etwa in der besseren Aufschließung und Verwertung von Rohstoffen - große Forschungspotenziale .
Ich persönlich würde mir ein weg von der Petrochemie wünschen und eine Hinwendung zur Pflanzenchemie .
Bei Pflanzenwirkstoffen , Biodiversität etc. gibt es noch jede Menge Forschungsbedarf und Potenzial , das auch für die Wirtschaft interessant ist .
Wie immer man zur Einschätzung Fells stehen mag , eine Grundsatzdebatte über die Ausrichtung von Forschungs - und Agrarpolitik wäre sicher angebracht .
Und diese sollte nicht auf Deutschland beschränkt bleiben sondern auf EU - Ebene unter relevanter Einbindung der Öffentlichkeit geführt werden .
In der Telepolis - Buchreihe ist von Brigitte Zarzer vor kurzem erschienen : Einfach GEN:ial .
Die grüne Gentechnik .
( Brigitte Zarzer )
MFC viewed via atomic force microscope .
Source : Notley .
The Nihon Keizai Shimbun reports that a Kyoto University research team has developed a material based on microfibrillar cellulose ( MFC ) that is as tough as metal , but much lighter .
The team projects that the material could replace metals and oil - based plastics in a number of structural applications , including auto bodies .
Led by Professor Hiroyuki Yano , the team has begun collaborative R&D with Matsushita Electric Works Ltd. and auto - related manufacturers to develop ways of processing the material into complex shapes .
Sprites are rare and fleeting events , lasting between just 10 and 100 milliseconds ( Image : Steven A Cummer , Duke University )
Mysterious flashes of light called “ sprites ” , that occur above thunderclouds during powerful storms , have been captured on film in unprecedented detail by researchers using an ultra - high - speed camera .
The best images yet of the flashes – which resemble a giant undulating jellyfish with its tentacles falling from a halo of light – have allowed the team to pick apart their structure and mechanics .
Sprites are fleeting events , which normally last between 10 and 100 milliseconds .
The researchers hope their results will help inform models of the chemical and physical nature of the flashes .
Advertisement
In summer 2005 , researchers from Duke University , US , and collaborators from FMA Research in Fort Collins , Colorado , US , kept a watchful eye on the skies above the Great Plains from the Yucca Ridge Field Station in Fort Collins , hoping to capture sprites in action using their 7000 - frames - per- second camera .
And capture it they did .
Previously , the best published sprite images were recorded at 1000 frames per second .
Lightning streamers
“ The whole structure develops a lot in one millisecond .
So by going with the faster video we really see all the pieces and how they develop in time , ” says Steven Cummer , assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering at Duke ’s Pratt School of Engineering .
And with so much energy being pumped into a small region , Cummer says sprites may drive atmospheric chemistry that does not normally occur .
“ The significance at this point lies in what chemical effects these [ sprites ] may have on the upper atmosphere , ” Cummer told New Scientist .
The researchers say sprites typically begin at an altitude of about 50 miles ( 80 kilometres ) in the sky in single spots where the electric field creates a spark .
Those produce falling “ streamers ” that branch out as they fall .
Much brighter , thicker channels follow , expanding upward from the original spots .
Natural beauty
Based on the new images , the team says “ isolated dots ” that glow intensely and often outlast the rest of the sprite are the result of a collision of streamers .
Cummer says such collisions may account for as many as half of the observed dots .
In July and August 2005 , the group imaged 66 sprite events above Kansas and Nebraska .
They captured their clearest images on 13 August , their final day of observations .
Their findings from that event are to be posted in the online version of Geophysical Research Letters on 22 February .
“ When a sprite is captured on film , it ’s extremely exciting , ” says Nicolas Jaugey , a member of Cummer ’s team .
“ You just see a flash on the TV screen , but when you retrieve the recording from the high - speed camera and see its development , it ’s very beautiful . ”
Ambergris is often smoothed by the ocean ( Image : ambergris.co.nz )
Leon Wright and his wife took home a 14.75 kg lump of ambergris , found in the innards of sperm whales and used in perfumes after it has been vomited up .
Sought after because of its rarity , ambergris can float on the ocean for years before washing ashore .
Worth up to $ 20 a gram , Mr Wright 's find on a South Australian beach could net his family US $ 295,000 ( £ 165,300 ) .
At first , Mr Wright and his wife Loralee left the strange lump on the beach where it was found .
However , two weeks later the couple returned to Streaky Bay and found it still lying there .
Floating gold
Curious , Mrs Wright persuaded her husband to take it home .
AMBERGRIS FACTS
Found in warm water oceans around the world Bile secreted by sperm whales as a digestion aid Solidifies and floats on water , sometimes for years Used in perfumes , medicines , flavourings Banned in US under endangered species legislation
" I immediately decided it was ambergris - it could n't be anything else , " Mr Jury told Australia 's ABC radio .
Mythologised for thousands of years , ambergris has been referred to as " floating gold " by scientists and scavengers who long for a windfall amid the surf .
Expelled from the abdomen of the giant sperm whale , often while hundreds of kilometres away from land , ambergris is a natural excrement thought to be used by the whale as a digestion aid .
The hard beaks of giant squid , a main source of food for the whale , have often been found inside lumps of ambergris .
Initially , ambergris is a soft , foul - smelling waste matter that floats on the ocean .
But years of exposure to the sun and the salt water of the ocean transform the waste into a smooth , exotic lump of compact rock that boasts a waxy feel and a sweet , alluring smell .
" It 's quite remarkable when you think about it , because when the whale throws this out , it 's discarded material that they can't digest , " Mr Jury explained .
" [ But ] after 10 years , it 's considered clean and all you 're getting then is the wonderful musky , very sweet perfume , which I 've got to say is ultra smooth - it 's unbelievable . "
« Blow your mind in Z - space | Main |
We joined the 9rules family »
Listening to users considered harmful ?
Is " listening to users " really the most important way to keep them happy and -- if we 're lucky -- passionate ?
Is giving users what they ask for the best way to help them kick ass ?
Or should you create or modify a product based solely on what you believe in ... even if it does n't match what users tell you ?
Last weekend I attended the sold - out Parelli Natural Horsemanship conference .
I was surrounded by 2000 passionate fans ( at least 75 % of the people were wearing at least one Parelli - branded shirt , jacket , or hat ) .
The conference was amazing ( more on that in another post ) , but the real reason I went was to interview the founder / visionary Pat Parelli , for the Creating Passionate Users book .
His hugely successful , multi-million dollar company is one of the few we 've found that does virtually everything on our " reverse - engineering passion " checklists , without having first waited for the fans to do it themselves .
In the equestrian world ( total annual impact of the horse industry on the US economy is $ 112 billion [ yes , that 's with a " b " ] ) , Pat Parelli has so greatly outstripped the " horsemanship " competition that it does n't even make sense to talk about competition .
Software engineers will appreciate that horse training does n't scale .
So Parelli decided to teach others to do what he does , and of course sell those folks a ton of high - end equipment and training products to help them do it .
Nobody -- absolutely no other individual " horse whisperer " or company -- comes anywhere near Parelli in size and scope of the business - Parelli has two training centers , one in Colorado and one in Florida ( combined over 700 acres for the facilities ) , and hundreds of thousands of participants in the home - study programs , clinics , and club membership .
Their Parelli Horseman 's University is one of the only state - accredited " natural horsemanship " programs in the US .
So that 's the backstory .
I have weeks ' worth of posts to make on what I learned from Pat about the ways in which they 've become such a passionate user success story , but today 's post is about something I had completely wrong when I interviewed him :
Me : " So , you 've recently made drastic changes to your program - - a program that was already extremely successful .
It 's obvious that you 've been really listening to your members and taking their feedback and using that to make these sweeping changes . "
Pat : " No , listening to our members was maybe 20 % of it , but the other 80 % was something else . "
And then he said it :
" We changed our entire program because WE knew we could do better .
Because WE were still frustrated that people were n't learning quickly enough or progressing through the higher levels as well as we thought they could .
People still were n't having the kind of relationship with their horse that we knew they could have , even though our students were delighted with the progress they were making .
So we changed it all . "
It turned out that most of the major changes they made to their program came not from user requests and suggestions , but from the Parelli team 's own innovations .
He went on to explain that their members / students / users had no idea what was needed to make better , faster , deeper breakthroughs .
In fact , many of the changes went against what their user feedback seemed to suggest .
In other words , in many ways the Parelli team deliberately did not listen to users .
They trusted themselves , and did what they believed was right for their users , even if it meant doing things that on the surface seemed even less user - friendly .
Most of us realize that focus groups are notoriously ineffective for many things , but we still assume that listening to real feedback from real users is the best way to drive new products and services , as well as improve on what we have .
But there 's a huge problem with that -- people do n't necessarily know how to ask for something they 've never conceived of !
Most people make suggestions based entirely around incremental improvements , looking at what exists and thinking about how it could be better .
But that 's quite different from having a vision for something profoundly new .
True innovation will rarely come from what users say directly .
This does n't mean that you do n't listen to users -- because the truth is embedded in what they say ... but you have to look for the deeper meaning behind what they ask for , rather than always taking them at their word .
If they ask for " D " , as an improvement to " C " , you might have to dig deeper to find out what it is about " D " that they want .
And in that answer , you might find the nugget that leads you -- and only you -- to come up with " S " as a solution .
And the " S " solution looks nothing at all like " D " , but gets to the heart of what users really wanted and needed when they asked for " D " .
In the end , you might have to trust yourself , even in the face of users who either want more than you know would be good or something less or different than you know you can offer if you keep innovating in revolutionary -- not just incremental - - ways .
Our Head
First books are among the top - selling computer books today , virtually all of them occupy the # 1 slot for their topic category .
But not only did nobody ask for such a bizarre format for a technical book , we were warned that it would never work .
We were told that people would hate these books .
That they were too different , too pictorial , too ... tacky to be taken seriously .
But we knew the brain science and learning theory behind the format , and trusted that the principles worked .
That for most ( not all ) readers , this format really did lead to faster , deeper learning .
We trusted that people would look beyond the surface aspects of the implementation , and that if they got real results from the book , they 'd tell others .
Two other publishers turned us down for the series before O'Reilly took the chance .
And I was nearly fired from Sun for trying to sneak 5 % of what 's in Head First into Sun courseware .
Are users / readers too clueless to know what to ask for ?
Of course not .
But it 's not a potential Java programmer 's job to be a learning theory expert , anymore than I could have helped conceive of the iPod .
I could make incremental suggestions about most of the tools I use , sure , but I do n't have the background , skills , or vision to suggest the kind of revolutionary changes that create breakthrough products and services outside of my own very narrow domain .
What sparked this post was a somewhat contentious ( and bold ) 37 Signals post , but I also remembered this post by Wiley editor Joe Wilcox .
This is tricky , of course , because it 's not always obvious which user complaints / suggestions are based on real problems with your product , vs. naive feature requests that would do more harm than good .
( Do n't forget the Happy User Curve )
And this is NOT about giving them simply what we know is good for them but that they really do n't want , because they probably wo n't stick around .
This is about giving them what they really DO want ... but simply do n't realize it because they had no way to imagine it .
So maybe the key is to listen not only to what users say , but more importantly to what is motivating what they say .
The rest is up to us .
If we really care about our users , they 'll just have to trust us ... but more crucially -- we have to trust ourselves .
Posted by Kathy on September 15 , 2005 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8345999ce69e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Listening to users considered harmful ?:
» People do n't know how to ask for what they really want from Signal vs. Noise
Kathy Sierra has a wonderful story about horse - trainer Pat Parelli and his approach to workshops and training material .
Commended on how well they were able to process user feedback , Pat responded that they really did n't do that too much .
Their ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 16 , 2005 4:01:18 AM
» People do n't know how to ask for what they really want from Signal vs. Noise
Kathy Sierra has a wonderful story about horse - trainer Pat Parelli and his approach to workshops and training material .
Commended on how well they were able to process user feedback , Pat responded that they really didnt do that too much .
Their ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 16 , 2005 4:03:29 AM
» Listening to users from Inline Comments
Other than the work we 're doing right now , I believe the best major improvement we could make to Stellar is to restructure the materials , schedule and homework tools to be organized around class sessions .
No one has asked for this change .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 16 , 2005 7:35:32 AM
» CPU Looks Into The Shade from shaded
CPU Looks Into The Shade [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 16 , 2005 7:51:45 AM
» CPU Looks Into The Shade from shaded
CPU Looks Into The Shade [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 16 , 2005 7:52:46 AM
» Listening To Customers Is n't Customer - Centric from The Other Bloke 's Blog
Listening to Customers must be good .
Clearly it 's much better than Not Listening To Customers .
However Kathy Sierra in her blog , Creating Passionate Users , has a most though - provoking item , Listening to users considered harmful ?
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 16 , 2005 7:55:08 AM
» Innovation and listening to customers from chiefskipper
Innovation and listening to customers [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 16 , 2005 2:34:19 PM
» Listening to Users considered harmful ?
from tonygoodson
Kathy Sierra has ( yet another ! ) great post , about ( not ) listening to users .
It turned out that most of the major changes they made to their program came not from user requests and suggestions , but from the Parelli team 's own innovations .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 16 , 2005 8:22:40 PM
» gebruikersgroep from elke's
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 18 , 2005 3:53:25 PM
» User triangulation : how to listen to customers from Hey Norton ! - Ken Norton 's blog
Quite by serendipity I 've come across a few articles in the past week about listening to - and ignoring - users in the product development process .
The first came from my friend Jonathan Alexander in a post to his blog : So [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 21 , 2005 1:32:46 AM
» Listening to users considered harmful ?
from Geek Smithology
I read a post over on Kathy Sierras blog that really hit a high note with me .
Go read the article right now and come back .
Just in case you didnt read the article , heres a quote with the gist : we still assume that liste ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 26 , 2005 9:43:04 PM
» Opinionated Software from Andreas ' Blog
Durch Rails wurde der Begriff opinionated Software bekannt .
Was man darunter versteht macht ein Zitat des Railsentwicklers David deutlich : I consider stored procedures and constraints vile and reckless destroyers of coherence .
No , Mr. Database , you can [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 15 , 2006 9:02:52 AM
Comments
Great post , K !
Though distilling customer requirements into real products has always been the role of marketing .
Innovation often comes from outside .
What 's a horse , by the way ?
W .
Posted by : Wally | Sep 16 , 2005 4:43:34 AM
This is exactly what the book " innovator 's Dilemma " is about .
Clayton Christensen did extensive research on this .
Great book I highly recommend it .
Posted by : Lee White | Sep 16 , 2005 5:35:49 AM
That 's exactly what I mean about searching the noise .
Not the user feedback noise , but any noise .
Passion starts before you design a product , before you show up for work in the morning .
It even starts before you eat breakfast , get out of bed , or shake last nights dream out of your mind .
Passion is your destiny .
You can buy the uniform , stitch on all the badges and recite the pledge , but unless you are already passionate about what you do without the recognition , your improvement is going to be incremental .
This movie Contact is all about this .
Ellie ( Jodie Foster ) does not find traditional incremental improvements of astronomy acceptable , and she is rewarded Passionate User style buy an eccentric billionaire who understands passion when he sees it and by an alien intelligence .
The Wright brothers threw all the incremental research pertaining to flight out the window , and as uneducated high school drop outs exceeded the progress of the greatest minds in the world .
What they did not do , is read Kathy 's blog , which would have taught them how to nurture the passion of the following they created , their users , and obtain even greater heights with their wind .
Posted by : Shaded | Sep 16 , 2005 8:19:10 AM
I always use this example ...
150 year ago , when asked what they needed , farmers might have asked for bigger , stronger horses or maybe more horses .
None of them would have thought to ask for a tractor .
IDEO , one of the worlds best design organizations , relies more heavily on observation of users actually using products instead of asking them questions .
Not only do people not know what they want ( or what 's possible ) they tend to answer in ways that hide the fact that they had difficulty in a ( subconscious ) attempt to not look stupid .
For example , people that struggle with a particular UI element for several minutes might report that they found it intuitive in order to not feel ( appear ) stupid .
User feedback is important but it does n't always mean what it appears to mean .
At the risk of sounding repetitive and predictable , great post .
- Matt
Posted by : Matt Galloway | Sep 16 , 2005 8:56:13 AM
This post is dead on , and I thought it may be useful to point out an example of an effective way to listen to customers .
Mark Hurst provides an example here : http://www.goodexperience.com/blog/archives/000324.php
" In our non-directed listening labs , we ask customers to use the Internet in the way they normally use it at home or work .
While we do have a goal for the research , we try to let the customers lead us to the answer , rather than the other way around . "
Posted by : Eric | Sep 16 , 2005 11:04:24 AM
OK , I 'll take that risk of sounding repetitive ... great post !
This all reinforces the point of how authenticity and transparency are so frickin ' important in the marketing AND innovation process .
It 's still really difficult for users to accept that they are not being bullshat upon .
The passion of the innovators and the execution of that passion , however , can trump any marketing plan .
What Kathy states so well is that there is process to the marketing side that old - school marketers rarely , if ever , take into consideration .
Posted by : Mike H. | Sep 16 , 2005 11:09:13 AM
Every time I read articles saying that user research is a panacea , I remeber the funny art project " The Most Wanted Paintings " , by Komar & Melamid .
They answered the question : how art would be if guided by user surveys ?
They have a nice site displaying the terrible paintings based in these surveys .
Hollywood blockbusters suffer a lot from it .
How many mainstream movies would be better without a happy ending , or explaing too much , killing all serendipity .
I believe they do user testing in pre-screen sessions , and 15 % think the movie is too dificult , or too sad , so they change it to please everybody .
Gilberto Gil , a great brazilian musician and the country current minister of culture , has a verse that says : " The people knows what they want , but the people also wants what they do n't know " .
Posted by : Paulo Eduardo Neves | Sep 16 , 2005 12:34:49 PM
User studies are n't much good for innovating .
They are good , however , for making sure that the your design actually works .
The user is n't " writing " the design so much as proofreading what you 've already created .
I 've always had a sneaking suspicion that most user testing is done for one of two reasons :
1 ) To provide a plausible rationalization for doing what the designer already knows they need to do .
2 ) To make the design process seem less appealing for meddling managers and hangers - on who feel their business expertise translates directly into usability expertise .
From their perspective designing things looks easy and fun .
They want to stay and help .
User testing looks boring and intimdating .
They remember they have other things to do .
Posted by : Bryan c | Sep 16 , 2005 1:45:07 PM
Another great post , Kathy .
It goes against the grain of what you usually post and my brain was not expecting it . :)
Your mention of focus groups reminds me of " The Apprentice " .
Usually the team that wins is the one that uses focus groups .
But I think this is because the teams are given tasks in industries that they 've never worked in before .
They have no clue what the users need because the team members have never gone through the frustrations that the users have experienced .
Great innovation blossoms from the belief that what we 've got just is n't good enough .
I recently heard that Nintendo is completely redesigning their controllers .
This is a perfect example of not listening to the users .
Users demanded better graphics and the gaming industry acted accordingly .
Now the gaming community complains that the games look great but are n't as fun as the games of long ago .
I think Nintendo discovered on their own that the better graphics demanded better interactivity .
If a game can make me feel like I 'm on a battlefield I do n't want to shoot my gun by pressing ' A ' .
On the original Super Mario Brothers we forced our own interactivity into the game by leaning when Mario ran or jumped ( some people even bounced a little ) .
We HAD to use our imaginations .
The comparison of old games vs new [ SMACKDOWN !] is much like that of books vs TV .
Our interactivity used to come from imagination but now that the experience has " improved " with visuals and sounds ... well , we need something else to keep our brains stimulated .
What we 've got now just is n't good enough .
Posted by : Marc Peabody | Sep 17 , 2005 7:13:15 AM
A great post .
To innovate , we must go beyond what the users say .
Posted by : anand sharma | Sep 17 , 2005 11:20:16 AM
Kathy -
I 'd like to take slight issue with your post .
In your opening ' graph you ask , " Should you create or modify a product based solely on what you believe in ... even if it does n't match what users tell you ? "
I do n't think that discounting user feedback is what Pat Parelli did .
I think the key distinction I want to make here is that users " tell " you what they want in any number of ways .
This is a fine point , but I believe it is essential .
Making feature requests , sending cards and emails , talking to developers ... these are ways of communicating .
But so is switching products , not upgrading your software , or even , in Parelli 's view , not learning fast enough or having a deep enough relationship with your horse .
Listening to your users means not just listening to what they say , but listening to what they do .
You report Pat Parelli as saying " WE were still frustrated that people were n't learning quickly enough or progressing through the higher levels as well as we thought they could . "
That 's key : " as well as WE thought they could . "
To me , it seems that this has nothing to do with ignoring user requests ; it has to do with paying attention to user behavior .
Parelli's insight came from listening to his users on a deep level , listening beyond the words and accolades .
Parelli kept his vision of user success firmly in mind , paid attention to the actual results his users were achieving , and changed his approach accordingly .
THAT is what I call paying attention to user feedback .
I guess that 's how I 'd wish you would reframe your point :
You 've always got to listen to your users , but sometimes you 've got to listen beyond the words .
Posted by : Stuart | Sep 17 , 2005 3:37:15 PM
When I developing software for Blue Cross I wrote a project development methodology .
It was not ( and is not ) focused on project management , but a pre-project innovation .
The term I coined for what you are discussing is " The Myth Of Limitation " .
Several comments above a reader speaks about farmers not knowing to ask for a tractor - this is a great analogy .
It is not that we should not listen to clients / users but we should not let their limited understanding of what is possible , limit where the solution / software / project can go .
It is important to listen and draw additional information into the open .
In this way , we can discover what is truly desired but never contemplated from the client 's perspective .
The chapter on this methodology became the longest chapter of my book with Cisco Press , The IT Career Builder 's Toolkit .
It is a critical factor across many disciplines and specialties in Information Technology .
I 'm glad I stumbled across this blog .
I think I 'll showcase you on my blog at IT Toolbox .
Thanks ,
Matthew Moran
The IT Career Builder 's Toolkit
http://www.cbtoolkit.com
http://blogs.ittoolbox.com/pm/career/
Posted by : Matthew Moran | Sep 17 , 2005 6:06:29 PM
Or as Nathaniel Borenstein put it ( in his great little book Programming As If People Mattered ) : " Listen to your users , but ignore what they say . "
Posted by : Matthew Morgan | Sep 17 , 2005 8:02:14 PM
Fabulous .
Everyone on the web should read that post .
And read it again .
Thanks .
Posted by : anon | Sep 18 , 2005 8:24:45 PM
Excuse me , I did n't notice that html tags were stripped .
Here is the funny link to Komar and Melamid Homepage The Most Wanted Paintings on the Web : http://www.diacenter.org/km/
Posted by : Paulo Eduardo Neves | Sep 19 , 2005 10:28:53 AM
The comments about listening to what the users are saying , what they 're not saying , and how it 's being said reminds me of the quote by Claude Debussy , " Music is the silence between the notes . "
Posted by : Tim | Sep 21 , 2005 2:07:25 PM
I think there 's a difference between normative desires and technical desires .
A company / organization can guide the vision of a product through normative changes and this makes sense , it 's THEIR product and they have the most expertise on it .
But there 's a technical aspect to the product , the logistics , the execution of distribution , marketing , and selling is a different field .
This is the consumer 's specialty , they are the ones best aware of what good customer service looks like , buying and interacting with companies is the consumer 's expertise .
So while I agree with the premise of this post , let 's not paint too broad a brush here .
Posted by : G. M. | Dec 8 , 2005 4:53:10 PM
Only the retarded offspring of a village idiot and a TV weather girl would assume that " listening to users " is the same as " bowing down and licking the soles of your user 's feet and then obeying their every command " .
Listening to users is essential .
Understanding their real needs and desires ( which may not be stated explicitly in short bullet - point format ) is both a skill to be mastered and a critical detail .
Smart people generally know how to do their job , what they want to do , and what would make them happy .
What they * do n't * know is how to achieve that - we need to listen to them , understand them , and then keep up our end of the bargain by giving them something great .
Listening to users does n't mean abdicating responsibility for design and implementation to the users .
Posted by : Bob McBob | Sep 4 , 2006 4:17:41 PM
Although unpopular like an excerpt out of Bertrand Russell 's ' Unpopular Essays ' , what determines the first success of a product is merely its marketing .
A product can be as bad as hell : if you obsessively bring it before the attention of the public , the public shall buy it .
Simply .
They buy everything , as long as you can enter their attention scope .
In a scale economy , it 's not really a matter of quality : it 's a matter of noise in order to pick from the big numbers .
No matter how disagreeable this fact may be , it 's still a fact .
A product can be good or very good .
If it has no funds for marketing , no one will ever consider it - they may even mock at it .
It is true that you can't sell a non working product for long , but you can definitely sell for how long as you want ( lawsuits allowing ) a barely working one provided you have more money to invest in its publicity than you had to invest in its making .
The outcome is that who has money , will have more money also churning out lower products , and who puts all her / his efforts in a decent product , will have less money than she / he had at the onset , with no return .
Posted by : Alberto | Jan 30 , 2007 3:17:43 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Upcoming Firefox release dates are listed at RapidRelease / Calendar .
Thunderbird approximately ( i.e. not strictly ) follows the ESR schedule listed there .
The full list of Firefox release notes is available on mozilla.org .
The full list of Thunderbird release notes is available on mozilla.org .
Old releases can be found at releases directory .
Archive of 2001 –2015 releases by date .
This post describes the second of two vulnerabilities I found in WordPress .
The first , a XSS vulnerability , was described last week .
While the vulnerability discussed here is applicable in fewer cases than the previous one , it is an example of a comparatively rare class , oracle attacks , so I think merits further exposition .
An oracle attack is where an attacker can abuse a facility provided by a system to gain unauthorized access to protected information .
The term originates from cryptology , and such attacks still crop up regularly ; for example in banking security devices and protocols .
The occurrence of an oracle attack in WordPress illustrates the need for a better understanding of cryptography , even by the authors of applications not conventionally considered to be cryptographic software .
Also more forgiving primitives and better robustness principles could reduce the risk of future weaknesses .
The vulnerability is a variant of the ‘ cache ’ shell injection bug reported by rgodm .
This is caused by an unfortunate series of design choices by the WordPress team , leading to arbitrary PHP execution .
The WordPress cache stores commonly accessed information from the database , such as user profile data , in files for faster retrieval .
Despite them being needed only by the server , they are still accessible from the web , which is commonly considered bad practice .
To prevent the content being read remotely , the data is placed in . php files , commented out with // .
Thus when executed by the web server , in response to a remote query , they return an empty file .
However , putting user controlled data in executable files is inherently a risky choice .
If the attacker can escape from the comment then arbitrary PHP can be executed .
rgodm ’s shell injection bug does this by inserting a newline into the display name .
Now all the attacker must do is guess the name of the .php file which stores his cached profile information , and invoke it to run the injected PHP .
WordPress puts an index.php in the cache directory to suppress directory indexing , and filenames are generated as MD5 ( username || DB_PASSWORD ) || “ . php ” , which creates hard to guess name .
The original bug report suggested brute forcing DB_PASSWORD , the MySQL authentication password , but the oracle attack described here will succeed even if a strong password is chosen .
The new attack relies on the popular Subscribe to Comments plugin , so will not work on a default installation of WordPress .
The plugin allows blog visitors to be notified by email when new comments are posted to a blog entry .
To protect against malicious un-subscription , the plugin sends a cryptographic challenge to subscribers , which must be presented to modify their preferences .
It is generated as MD5 ( email address || DB_PASSWORD ) , strikingly similar to the user profile data filename .
Thus an attacker can create a profile with a username that is also an email address ( perfectly permissible ) , and inject malicious PHP after a newline in their display name .
Then the attacker subscribes to a post , adds a comment and along with the notification is sent a challenge , which contains the “ unguessable ” string .
This allows the injected PHP to be invoked , without ever knowing the database password .
Re-using passwords or keys for multiple purposes is considered bad - practice , and these vulnerabilities are an example of why .
Administrators of WordPress installations , where access to the database server is restricted , may feel safe to have a weak or even null password ( although this is not prudent ) .
However the original vulnerability means that weak passwords permit attackers to run arbitrary PHP .
Even if the password was strong , the oracle attack presented here would still work , so is further evidence against secret re-use .
It is also not recommended to use a password directly as a key , because they seldom have sufficient entropy to withstand brute force attacks , but that is a different topic .
Finally , using keys with hash functions should be done with care because prepending and appending passwords lead to length - extension and collision attacks respectively .
HMAC fixes both problems and only requires an extra invocation of the hash function .
Using separately generated cryptographically secure random numbers for cache filename and challenge generation would have resisted both the original and oracle attacks , and is the approach aimed for by both WordPress 2.0.3 and Subscribe to Comments 2.0.4 , although PHP does not make it easy to get unpredictable pseudorandom numbers .
WordPress also fixed the bug allowing attackers to break out of the PHP comment , but defense in depth is a sensible choice in complex systems .
As mentioned last week , upgrading WordPress is strongly recommended .
Like pardons and executive orders , vetoes are among the cherished privileges of the Oval Office .
Ike liked them .
So did presidents Truman and Cleveland - and both Roosevelts .
But apparently not George W. Bush .
In fact , well into the fifth year of his presidency , he has yet to issue a single veto .
It 's a streak unmatched in modern American history , one that throws into question traditional notions of checks and balances .
Although the streak could end next month - Mr. Bush is threatening a veto if Congress eases his restrictions on federal funding for stem - cell research - the Bush era thus far underscores a historically high - water mark of collegial cooperation between Congress and the White House , experts say .
" We 're pretty close to a parliamentary government , " says G. Calvin Mackenzie , professor of government at Colby College in Watervillle , Maine , referring to Congress 's close alignment with the executive branch .
" We do n't have much recent history with that . "
Other presidents have enjoyed majority support in Congress .
But few , if any , have gotten the level of disciplined backing that Mr. Bush gets from House and Senate Republicans .
" There is unusual coherence between Republicans in Congress and the president , " Professor Mackenzie adds .
" So there 's very little getting to his desk that has n't been pre-approved by the Republican leadership . "
On many major bills that Bush has signed - No Child Left Behind and tax relief , for example - the veto was never a consideration because the White House itself had proposed the legislation .
Yet on dozens of other bills , the president has become a rubber stamp for a spendthrift Congress , betraying his campaign image as a fiscal conservative , critics say .
" The notion of limited government and frugal government has been shattered by this administration , which cares far less about limited government than it does in building conservative government - a government with huge payoffs to corporate America , " says Allan Lichtman , a presidential historian at American University in Washington .
The last time a president 's party dominated Capitol Hill was in 1993 and 1994 , the first two years of President Clinton 's term .
That period was also marked by zero vetoes , but for a very different reason .
Unruly House and Senate Democrats failed to toe the line on Clinton 's big - ticket proposals , such as nationalized healthcare , leaving him with few major bills to sign .
Lack of party discipline nearly scuttled the North American Free Trade Agreement and his budget .
By the end of his second term , Mr. Clinton had issued 37 vetoes .
By contrast , when passage of the Central American Free Trade Agreement was in doubt last week , Bush personally made the trip up Pennsylvania Avenue to help bring reluctant Republicans into line .
CAFTA 's passage , however , was a result due as much to increased party polarization as Bush 's arm - twisting , experts say .
The veto , of course , is far better at stopping legislation than at advancing it .
But the threat of a veto can steer a bill closer to a president 's goals .
The transportation bill Bush signed last Wednesday is a case in point .
In 2004 , he threatened to veto any highway bill that exceeded $ 256 billion .
This year , he redrew the line at $ 284 billion .
The version originally proposed in the House was well over $ 350 billion .
But the continuing threat of veto eventually brought the final price tag to $ 286.5 billion , a figure Bush could tolerate .
" For fiscal conservatives , it 's frustrating to watch , " says David Keating , executive director at the Club for Growth , a Washington group that advocates fiscal responsibility and lower taxes .
" He 's beginning to lose all credibility with these veto threats . "
The word " veto " does not actually appear in the text of the Constitution , but its function is implied in Article I .
Significantly , the first presidents used the veto sparingly , reserving its use for legislation they deemed unconstitutional .
By the 20th century , vetoes were being issued more frequently , and being used more often as a political tactic than as a constitutional filter .
President Franklin Roosevelt issued more than 600 vetoes - and that occurred even with huge Demo-cratic majorities .
Bush , however , has n't even used the veto on legislation he deemed unconstitutional , such as the McCain - Feingold campaign finance reform he signed in 2002 .
That can be read as a sign of weakness , says Matthew Spalding , an expert on American political history at The Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank in Washington .
" Veto power has withered away from disuse . "
Others take the opposite view .
" Presidents who use the veto a lot are weak , " says Bruce Altschuler , a professor of political science at Oswego State University of New York , noting Gerald Ford 's time in office .
" More - successful presidents use it as a negotiation tool .
When Bush has gone to Congress with [ veto ] threats , he has been effective , " he notes .
Still , Bush may have to rely on the veto in years ahead because presidential power typically wanes in a second term .
" A president 's second term is like an hour glass with the sand running out , " says Stephen Hess , professor of media and public affairs at George Washington University in Washington .
Already , Bush has struggled to marshal his party troops behind plans to partially privatize Social Security .
A test of GOP unity could come next month , when Congress will consider a move to relax Bush 's limits on federal funding for stem - cell research .
Senate majority leader Bill Frist - who is believed to be eyeing a presidential run in 2008 - announced a break with the president just before the August recess last week , a sign that fissures in the Republican bedrock are already appearing .
" The veto is always there ; it 's the paddle on the wall , " says Jack Pitney , a professor of government at Claremont McKenna College in Claremont , Calif .
" Everybody knows it 's there .
That gives the president a lot of power , no matter the alignment . "
Die kleinen Merkwürdigkeiten und das große Schlimme Ernst Corinth
Stefan Niggemeier und sein Bildblog
Früher hieß es schlicht : „ Enteignet Springer ! “ , später schlich sich dann Günter Wallraff in eine Bild - Redakion , um deren vermeintlich böse Arbeit zu entlarven .
Wer heute am Kiosk „ das Lügenblatt “ verlangt , der bekommt in den meisten Fällen immer noch die „ Bild “ - Zeitung über den Tresen gereicht .
Und eigentlich ist über den ach so typischen „ Bild “ - Journalismus alles schon geschrieben und gesagt worden .
Dennoch drängten im Literarischen Salon der Uni Hannover gut 200 Zuhörer in den überfüllten Saal , um dort Stefan Niggemeier zu erleben , der vor knapp zwei Jahren im Internet das Bildblog eröffnet hat , das akribisch genau , wie es dort heißt , „ die kleinen Merkwürdigkeiten und das große Schlimme “ von Deutschlands größter Boulevard - Zeitung „ Bild “ auflistet .
Dass es dazu genügend Stoff gibt , weiß jeder , der regelmäßig bei Bildblog .de vorbeischaut .
Inzwischen sind dies täglich , wie Niggemeier im Gespräch mit dem Medienwissenschaftler Mathias Mertens erzählte , bis zu 40.000 .
Eine Zahl , die er und seine Mitstreiter bei der Gründung im Juni 2004 nie erwartet haben .
„ Das ist für mich immer noch unfassbar . “
Und dem Medienjournalisten macht die Arbeit und die damit einhergehende direkte Kommunikation mit seinen Bloglesern so viel Spaß , dass der 36 - Jährige jetzt sogar seinen festen Redakteursposten bei der „ Frankfurter Allgemeinen Sonntagszeitung " aufgibt , um sich unter anderem mehr um Bildblog .
de zu kümmern .
Die Idee , das Medium Internet für eine tägliche „ Bild “ - Schelte zu nutzen , ist nach Niggemeiers Worten entstanden , weil seine Freunde und er sich fast täglich über das Blatt geärgert haben .
„ Für Medienjournalisten ist , Bild ’ Pflichtlektüre .
Man muss ja wissen , welche Sau gerade durchs Dorf gejagt wird . “
Und da ein Weblog auch ohne große technische Vorkenntnisse geführt werden kann , haben sie damals beschlossen , ihrem Ärger online freien Lauf zu lassen .
Genüsslich und mit Unterstützung auch ihrer Leser werden seitdem dort kleine und große Fehler aufgezählt .
„ Und es gibt unfassbar viele sachliche Fehler “ , erzählte Niggemeier .
Allein schon die Altersangaben hinter den genannten Namen würden selten stimmen .
In den dazu verwendeten Klammern „ steht meist nicht das wirkliche Alter , sondern irgendeine Zahl “ .
Entdeckt haben sie außerdem „ grotesk erfundene Geschichten “ .
Oder es würden „ Geschichten so hingedreht , wie man es haben will . “
Und mag die Story noch so falsch sein , stets bleibe etwas hängen bei den Lesern und bei den Betroffenen .
Aber auch bei der Suchmaschine Google , die oft genug auf solche Geschichten dann als Quelle verweist .
Genau das wollen die Bildblog - Macher mit ihrer Arbeit also zumindest ein wenig korrigieren .
Die auch , wenn es möglich ist , durchaus unterhaltsam sein soll .
Schließlich , meint Niggemeier , sei es besser , man lache über „ Bild “ als über deren Opfer .
Was ihm auch Spaß macht , ist die große Vernetzung unter den Bloggern .
Ein Vorgang , den er vom herkömmlichen Journalismus nicht kennt .
„ Da arbeitet jeder für sich .
Und man erhält kaum mal Reaktionen auf seine Texte . “
Doch die „ besseren “ Menschen sind Blogger aus seiner Sicht dennoch nicht .
„ Blogs sind genauso ehrlich oder verlogen wie Journalismus . “
Und es gebe sowieso kein typisches Weblog .
Doch der Erfolg zumindest gibt den modernen Online - Wallraffs Recht .
Seit Wochen belegt ihr Bildblog .de bereits den ersten Platz in den deutschen Blogcharts .
( Ernst Corinth )
sorttable : Make all your tables sortable
While the web design community gradually moves away from using tables to lay out the structure of a page , tables really do have a vital use , their original use ; they 're for laying out tabular data .
For instance , imagine a table of employees .
Name Salary Extension Start date Start date ( American ) Bloggs , Fred $ 12000.00 1353
18/08/2003 08/18/2003 Turvey , Kevin $ 191200.00 2342
02/05/1979
05/02/1979 Mbogo , Arnold $ 32010.12 2755
09/08/1998
08/09/1998 Shakespeare , Bill $ 122000.00 3211 12/11/1961
11/12/1961 Shakespeare , Hamnet $ 9000 9005
01/01/2002
01/01/2002 Fitz , Marvin $ 3300 5554 22/05/1995
05/22/1995
Pretty simple .
But if you saw that table in a client - side application , you 'd expect to be able to click on the headers and have the table sort , would you not ?
I know it always annoys me when you can't .
A fair few web applications do allow this ; most of them , which are pulling this data by submitting a SQL query to a relational database ( an environment eminently suited to tabular data ) implement this by resubmitting the whole page with something like ordercolumn=4 in the URL , and then adding an ORDER BY clause to their SQL query to return the data from the DB ordered by the specified column .
Resubmit the page ?
Just to sort data we already have ?
I 'm sure we can do better than that .
Name Salary Extension Start date Start date ( American ) Bloggs , Fred $ 12000.00 1353
18/08/2003 08/18/2003 Turvey , Kevin $ 191200.00 2342
02/05/1979
05/02/1979 Mbogo , Arnold $ 32010.12 2755
09/08/1998
08/09/1998 Shakespeare , Bill $ 122000.00 3211 12/11/1961
11/12/1961 Shakespeare , Hamnet $ 9000 9005
01/01/2002
01/01/2002 Fitz , Marvin $ 3300 5554 22/05/1995
05/22/1995
As you can see , the above table now has clickable headers that sort the table by the clicked column .
Note how the numeric and date columns all sort properly , too , rather than sorting alphanumerically .
This is not a new trick , sorting a table using the DOM .
However , this mini-library has two nice attributes ; the first is , unsurprisingly , that it follows my principles of unobtrusive DHTML , as you 'll see below .
The second is that , as mentioned above , it knows how to sort a variety of different data types , and it works them out for itself -- you do n't have to tell it .
Now , how to use it .
To make a table of your choice sortable , there are three steps :
Download the Javascript library Include the Javascript library , by putting a link to it in the HEAD of your page , like so : < script src=" sorttable.js " ></ script >
Mark your table as a sortable one by giving it a class of " sortable " : < table class= " sortable " >
Note that the library 's JavaScript file is called sorttable ( two Ts ) , but the class you add to the table is sortable ( one T ) .
And that 's all you need .
Your table will now have column sorting available by clicking the headers .
For niceness , you might want to add the following styles to your stylesheet , or make up some of your own based on this :
/* Sortable tables */ table . sortable thead { background - color : #eee ; color : #666666 ; font - weight : bold ; cursor : default ; }
This is version 2 of sorttable , released April 2007 and tweaked continually since .
If you 're using the old version , you may find it useful to update ; v2 has numerous new features and should be completely backwards compatible .
Advanced usage
You probably do n't need the bits here .
Sorttable is designed to require no configuration , no fiddling around .
Just take it and use it .
If you need it to do more than it does by default , then come back here and read this part .
Unknown incidence : Heartburn , when he jests at the eyes , speak again here - Tadalift.net , and analyze the minor side effects that they in the symptoms of Viagra .
This dication gives a result of the pancreatic diabetes .
Sorting a table added after page load
Once you 've added a new table to the page at runtime ( for example , by doing an Ajax request to get the content , or by dynamically creating it with JavaScript ) , get a reference to it ( possibly with var newTableObject = document.getElementById( idOfTheTableIJustAdded ) or similar ) , then do this :
sorttable.makeSortable(newTableObject ) ;
Totals rows
If you have a " totals " row at the bottom of your table that you want to stay at the bottom of your table ( and not get sorted ) , then add it to a < tfoot > section in your table ( which is what you should be doing anyway , according to the HTML spec ) .
So , your table should look like this :
< table class=" sortable " > < thead > < tr>< th> Person</th>< th> Monthly pay</ th></tr> </ thead > < tbody > < tr>< td > Jan Molby </td >< td >£ 12,000</td></tr> < tr>< td > Steve Nicol</td >< td >£ 8,500</td></tr> < tr>< td > Steve McMahon</td >< td >£ 9,200</td></tr> < tr>< td > John Barnes</td >< td >£ 15,300</td></tr> </tbody > < tfoot > < tr>< td > TOTAL </td >< td>£ 45,000</td></tr> </tfoot > </ table >
Note how sorting the table leaves the TOTAL row at the bottom .
Person Monthly pay Jan Molby £ 12,000 Steve Nicol £ 8,500 Steve McMahon £ 9,200 John Barnes £ 15,300 TOTAL £ 45,000
Show " sort icons " before the table is sorted
It 's possible to show a symbol in a sortable table 's column headers to indicate that the table is sortable .
Something like this :
Series Marks out of ten Original series 7 Next Generation 9 DS9 5 Voyager 2 Enterprise 3
To do this , add a bit of CSS to your stylesheet :
table.sortable th:not(.sorttable_sorted ) :not(.sorttable_sorted_reverse ) :not(.sorttable_nosort ) : after { content : " \ 25B4\25 BE " }
Note that this requires support for CSS generated content , which needs a modern - ish browser .
You can , of course , change the generated content to whatever you want .
Using custom sort keys
You may have some data which does go in an order but is n't identified by sorttable .
The way to fix this problem is to use custom sort keys .
Take , for example , a column of spelled out numbers .
Ordinarily , sorttable would n't work here ; it will treat the spelled - out numbers as strings , and so would sort the numbers in alphabetical order , i.e. , five , four , one , three , two .
To get around this , you can specify on a cell in your table a sorttable_customkey attribute , and sorttable will use the contents of that attribute instead of the text in the cell itself when sorting the table .
So , for example , your table might look like this :
< table class=" sortable " > < tr>< th > Number ( spelled ) </th>< th> Person</th></tr> < tr >< td sorttable_customkey = " 2 " > two </td >< td>
Jan</td></tr> < tr >< td sorttable_customkey = " 3 " > three </td >< td> Bruce</td></tr> < tr >< td sorttable_customkey = " 1 " > one </td >< td> Steve</td></tr> </ table >
Note that clicking on the " Number ( spelled ) " column in the table below sorts it in the correct one , two , three order .
Number ( spelled ) Person two Jan three Bruce one Steve
You can fix practically any problem you have with sorttable 's automatic column typing by specifying custom sort keys .
Manually specifying a column 's type
Sorttable works out the type of your columns in order to work out how to sort them ( numbers sort differently than letters , for example ) .
Occasionally , it might get it wrong .
If so , you can explicitly specify a type for a column , which will override sorttable 's assessment .
To specify a type , add a class of sorttable_columntype to the header row of that column .
Available column types are numeric , alpha , ddmm , and mmdd .
The latter two are for dates , but are not likely to be useful because if sorttable fails to automatically identify a date then the sort wo n't work anyway .
So , for example , if you have a " part number " column which you want to be treated as if it were numeric , then you might do your table like this :
< table class= " sortable " > < tr> < th class = " sorttable_numeric " >
Part number </ th>< th> Part name </ th > </tr > < tr > < td>111-A5</td>< td> Three - eighths Gripley </ td > </tr > < tr > < td>31337-H4X0R</td >< td > Computer system intrusion toolkit</ td > </tr > </table >
Remember : you probably do not need to do this .
It is unlikely that you 'll need to " force " sorttable to recognise a column type .
You may also want to investigate using custom sortkeys , above , as a better way of achieving your goals .
One common question with sorttable is how to make it handle custom date formats .
Sorttable will have a try at understanding dates in whatever format you add them in , but it sometimes needs help .
The way to do this is with custom sort keys , as mentioned above .
If you have table cells like this :
< td > February 11th 2008 , 1.19 pm</td >
change them by adding a custom sort key in YYYYMMDDHHMMSS format :
< td sorttable_customkey = " 20080211131900 " >
February 11th 2008 , 1:19 pm</td >
The YYYYMMDDHHMMSS format for the date in the custom key will sort properly , and sorttable will use the information in the custom key rather than the information in the table cell itself .
Sorting a column of IP addresses
Another common request is for sorttable to sort IP addresses .
This will likely be automatically handled in sorttable v3 , but until then you can work around it by using custom sort keys .
Change a cell with an IP address from < td> 1.2.191.17</td > to < td sorttable_customkey =
" 001.002.191.017 " >1.2.191.17</td > ; that is , add a custom key of the IP address , but with each octet in the IP being three digits long , padded with zeroes if necessary .
Sorttable will then sort this column correctly .
IP address Server name 205.17.31.161 buffy 192.168.0.1 xander 75.244.151.2 giles 4.8.16.196 willow
Stable sorting
Sorttable , by default , does an unstable sort .
This means that it does not maintain the order of rows where those rows have the same key in the sorted column .
Wikipedia has more on stable sorting .
If this is a problem , and you need the sort to be stable , you can do it by making a tiny edit to sorttable .js .
Edit the file and find the lines :
/* If you want a stable sort , uncomment the following line */ //sorttable.shaker_sort(row_array , this.sorttable_sortfunction ) ; /* and comment out this one */ row_array.sort(this.sorttable_sortfunction ) ;
and change them so the shaker_sort line is uncommented instead :
sorttable.shaker_sort( row_array , this.sorttable_sortfunction ) ; //row_array.sort(this.sorttable_sortfunction ) ;
The sort will now be stable .
However , it will be considerably slower ( the stable sorting can take eight times as long as the unstable sort ) , which is why it is n't enabled by default .
Sorting non-English text
Sorttable defaults to sorting English text .
If you 're sorting text in a different language which has a different letter order ( in particular , if you 're seeing that accented characters are not sorting where you 'd expect them to ) , then you can tell sorttable to sort in the language of the page .
After you include sorttable .js , add
< script>sorttable.sort_alpha = function ( a , b ) { return a [ 0].localeCompare ( b[ 0 ] ) ; }</script >
and sorttable will start using the sort order of the language of the browser and page to do its sorting .
( This is n't done by default because localeCompare sorting is , although definitely the right thing to do , quite a lot slower than string comparisons . )
If you want to force sorttable to sort in a particular language 's sort order regardless of the browser , you can add a language code to the call ; here we force comparisons to be Finnish :
< script>sorttable.sort_alpha = function ( a , b ) { return a [ 0].localeCompare ( b[ 0 ] , ' fi ' ) ; }</script >
Sorting a table from your code
Sometimes you want to , from your own JavaScript code , tell a table to sort .
This is deliberately awkward because you should n't be doing it , and you 'll want to make sure that you have an up - to - date version of sorttable .js to do it ( download it from this site ) , but it 's doable .
Call
var myTH = document.getElementsByTagName ( " th " ) [ 0 ] ; sorttable.innerSortFunction.apply(myTH , [ ] ) ;
See the example table and buttons below .
Name Car Stuart Langridge Nissan Juke Jeremy Clarkson Mercedes CLK Black Penelope Pitstop The Pink Pussycat The Ant Hill Mob Chug-a- Boom
Sort by ' Name ' column Sort by ' Car ' column
Using your own icons to show a column is sorted
You can hide sorttable 's icons and use your own with CSS , like this :
table.sortable th::after , th.sorttable_sorted :: after , th.sorttable_sorted_reverse:: after { content : " " ; display : inline - block ; width : 24 px ; height : 24 px ; } th.sorttable_sorted :: after { background : url ( my - sorted-icon.png ) ; background - size : contain ; } th.sorttable_sorted_reverse:: after { background : url ( my - sorted - reversed-icon.png ) ; background - size : cover ; } #sorttable_sortfwdind , # sorttable_sortrevind { display : none ; }
Name Salary Extension Start date Start date ( American ) Bloggs , Fred $ 12000.00 1353
18/08/2003 08/18/2003 Turvey , Kevin $ 191200.00 2342
02/05/1979
05/02/1979 Mbogo , Arnold $ 32010.12 2755
09/08/1998
08/09/1998 Shakespeare , Bill $ 122000.00 3211 12/11/1961
11/12/1961 Shakespeare , Hamnet $ 9000 9005
01/01/2002
01/01/2002 Fitz , Marvin $ 3300 5554 22/05/1995
05/22/1995
Making some columns unsortable
If you 'd like some column headers to not be clickable , meaning that your users wo n't be able to resort the table by those columns , then add class = " sorttable_nosort " to the < th > column header .
Observe how the " number of legs " column here is n't sortable .
Name Team Number of legs Molby , Jan Liverpool 2 Hughes , Mark Manchester Utd 2 Nicol , Steve Liverpool 2 Ardiles , Ossie Tottenham Hotspur 2 Nellie the Elephant London Zoo United 4 Nicholas , Charlie Arsenal 2
Sorting the table when the page is loaded
Lots of people ask , " how do I make sorttable sort the table the first time the page is loaded ? "
The answer is : you do n't .
Sorttable is about changing the HTML that is served from your server without a page refresh .
When the page is first served from the server , you have to incur the wait for it to be served anyway .
So , if you want the table sorted when a page is first displayed , serve the table in sorted order .
Tables often come out of a database ; get the data from the database in a sorted order with an ORDER BY clause in your SQL .
Any solution which involves you running sorttable as soon as the page loads ( i.e. , without user input ) is a wrong solution .
( However , if you really want to , see sorting a table from your own code . )
Sort in descending order first
Making sorttable sort your columns in descending order first rather than ascending order requires editing sorttable .js .
Find the line :
row_array.sort(this.sorttable_sortfunction ) ;
and after it , add a new line :
row_array.reverse( ) ;
Sort case - insensitively
Making sorttable sort your columns case - insensitively ( so uppercase and lowercase letters sort together ) requires editing sorttable.js .
Find the lines :
sort_alpha : function ( a , b ) { if ( a [ 0 ] ==b [ 0 ] ) return 0 ; if ( a [ 0 ] < b [ 0 ] ) return - 1 ; return 1 ; } ,
and change them for
sort_alpha : function ( a , b ) { if ( a [ 0].toLowerCase ( )==b[0].toLowerCase ( ) ) return 0 ; if ( a [ 0].toLowerCase ( ) < b[ 0].toLowerCase ( ) ) return - 1 ; return 1 ; } ,
Adding a " left - hand - header " column
A fairly common request is to have a column on the left of the table which contains a " row number " for each row ( so the first row is " 1 " , the second " 2 " and so on ) which is not reordered when the table is sorted .
This is possible without sorttable using some advanced CSS .
Add to your stylesheet :
table .sortable tbody { counter - reset : sortabletablescope ; } table . sortable thead tr:: before { content : " " ; display : table - cell ; } table .
sortable tbody tr:: before { content : counter ( sortabletablescope ) ; counter - increment : sortabletablescope ; display : table - cell ; }
and your sortable tables will now have a left - hand " row number " column in browsers which support this technique , which is basically everything these days from IE8 and onward .
A simple live example ( remember that the " row number " column will not show in very old browsers )
Name Age Methusaleh 969 Elijah Snow 100 Shirley Temple 10 George Burns 91 Mrs Robinson 40
Alternately striping the table
It is quite common to want to add background striping ( " zebra stripes " ) to a table and have those stripes work even after sorting .
This is possible without sorttable using some advanced CSS .
Add to your stylesheet :
table.sortable tbody tr:nth - child ( 2n ) td { background : # ffcccc ; } table . sortable tbody tr:nth - child ( 2n+1 ) td { background : # ccffff ; }
and your sortable tables will now be zebra striped in browsers which support this technique , which is basically everything these days from IE9 and onward .
A simple live example ( remember that the striping will not show in very old browsers )
Team Colour Liverpool red England white Wolverhampton orange Arsenal red
Tables with a scrollable body
You can have a sortable table with a scrollable body , although it will require you to specify explicit widths for your columns .
See http://jsbin.com/enotac/2 for a worked example ; CSS inspiration for the scrollable body was taken from Terence Ordona .
Company Leader Kryogenix Consulting Stuart Langridge Apple Tim Cook Oracle Larry Ellison Virgin Richard Branson Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Canonical Mark Shuttleworth Google Larry Page Armani Giorgio Armani Ferrari Enzo Ferrari
You can also have the table 's headers stick to the top of the page as the table scrolls beneath .
See Adrian Roselli's writeup to explain how to do this in modern browsers .
Can I sort tables on a page I did n't write ?
You can load sorttable from a bookmarklet .
A simple example , which makes all tables on the current page sortable , is make tables sortable .
Drag it to your bookmarks bar and then clicking it while on a page will make all tables on that page sortable .
Changes from sorttable v1
Sorttable has changed quite a lot in this new version 2 .
Please read the release announcement for more details of what 's changed and who is to be thanked .
If for some reason you need the original version 1 of sorttable you can download it from sorttable_v1.js along with the original instructions .
Licencing
Sorttable , like all my DOM scripts , is under the X11 licence , which basically means you can do what you want with it , including using it at work , in a commercial setting or product , or in open source projects ( including those that are GPL licenced ) .
If you 're not sure , or you have other questions , please contact me for details .
Can I give you money for sorttable ?
I really like it
You do n't have to .
I believe in Free Software ; writing this and seeing people use it is its own reward .
Of course , if you 're determined to give me money then I 'm not going to stop you .
You can send money to my PayPal account with the button below .
I 've found a problem in sorttable .
How can I tell you about it ?
Firstly , thanks for using sorttable ; sorry it 's not doing quite what you want !
If your question is n't answered on this page , please contact me and tell me about it , and I 'll try and give you some pointers on how to fix it yourself .
But I need my problem with sorttable fixed !
Can I pay you to fix it ?
Yes .
Sorttable gets worked on in my spare time , between paid work , which means that development might not be as fast as you like .
If you really want something fixed , you can jump it up my priority list by waving money at me .
Best thing to do is to contact me and we can talk about rates and so on .
Stuart Langridge , November 2003 , April 2007 , 2016 , and since
kryogenix.org | other browser experiments
la .
The Specifics
First , what do we mean by an Efficient Market Hypothesis ?
The simplest explanation would be that securities prices reflect information .
Fama ( 1970 ) made a distinction between three forms of EMH : ( a ) the weak form , ( b ) the semi- strong form , and ( c ) the strong form .
However , it is the semi-strong form of EMH that has formed the basis for most empirical research .
The strong form suggests that securities prices reflect all available information , even private information .
Seyhun ( 1986 , 1998 ) provides sufficient evidence that insiders profit from trading on information not already incorporated into prices .
Hence the strong form does not hold in a world with an uneven playing field .
The semi-strong form of EMH asserts that security prices reflect all publicly available information .
There are no undervalued or overvalued securities and thus , trading rules are incapable of producing superior returns .
When new information is released , it is fully incorporated into the price rather speedily .
The availability of intraday data enabled tests which offer evidence of public information impacting stock prices within minutes ( Patell and Wolfson , 1984 , Gosnell , Keown and Pinkerton , 1996 ) .
The weak form of the hypothesis suggests that past prices or returns reflect future prices or returns .
The inconsistent performance of technical analysts suggests this form holds .
However , Fama ( 1991 ) expanded the concept of the weak form to include predicting future returns with the use of accounting or macroeconomic variables .
As discussed below , the evidence of predictability of returns provides an argument against the weak form .
While the semi-strong form of EMH has formed the basis for most empirical research , recent research has expanded the tests of market efficiency to include the weak form of EMH .
There continues to be disagreement on the degree of market efficiency .
This is exacerbated by the joint hypothesis problem .
Tests of market efficiency must be based on an asset - pricing model .
If the evidence is against market efficiency , it may be because the market is inefficient , or it may be that the model is incorrect .
The literature documented below presents evidence of inefficiencies based on existing models and more recent research findings that cast doubt on these models .
The EMH has provided the theoretical basis for much of the financial market research during the seventies and the eighties .
In the past , most of the evidence seems to have been consistent with the EMH . [ 1 ]
Prices were seen to follow a random walk model and the predictable variations in equity returns , if any , were found to be statistically insignificant .
While most of the studies in the seventies focused on predicting prices from past prices , studies in the eighties also looked at the possibility of forecasting based on variables such as dividend yield ( e.g. Fama & French [ 1988 ] ) , P/E ratios ( e.g. Campbell and Shiller [ 1988 ] ) , and term structure variables ( e.g. Harvey [ 1991 ] ) .
Studies in the nineties looked at inadequacies of current asset pricing models .
The maintained hypothesis of EMH also stimulated a plethora of studies that looked , among other things , at the reaction of the stock market to the announcement of various events such as earnings ( e.g. Ball & Brown [ 1968 ] ) , stock splits ( e.g. Fama , Fisher , Jensen and Roll [ 1969 ] ) , capital expenditure ( e.g. McConnell and Muscarella , [ 1985 ] ) , divestitures ( e.g. Klein [ 1986 ] ) , and takeovers ( e.g. Jensen and Ruback [ 1983 ] ) .
The usefulness or relevance of the information was judged based on the market activity associated with a particular event .
In general , the typical results from event studies showed that security prices seemed to adjust to new information within a day of the event announcement , an inference that is consistent with the EMH . [ 2 ]
Even though there is considerable evidence regarding the existence of efficient markets , one has to bear in mind that there are no universally accepted definitions of crucial terms such as abnormal returns , economic value , and even the null hypothesis of market efficiency .
To this list of caveats , one could add the limitations of econometric procedures on which the empirical tests are based .
The early euphoric research of the seventies was followed by a more cautioned and critical approach to the EMH in the eighties and nineties .
Researchers repeatedly challenged the studies based on EMH by raising critical questions such as : Can the movement in prices be fully attributed to the announcement of events ?
Do public announcements affect prices at all ?
and What could be some of the other factors affecting price movements ?.
For example , Roll ( 1988 ) argues that most price movements for individual stocks cannot be traced to public announcements .
In their analysis of the aggregate stock market , Cutler , Poterba and Summers ( 1989 ) reach similar conclusions .
They report that there is little , if any , correlation between the greatest aggregate market movement and public release of important information .
More recently , Haugen and Baker ( 1996 ) in their analysis of determinants of returns in five countries conclude that " none of the factors related to sensitivities to macroeconomic variables seem to be important determinants of expected stock returns " .
1c . The Current Debate
The accumulating evidence suggests that stock prices can be predicted with a fair degree of reliability .
Two competing explanations have been offered for such behavior .
Proponents of EMH ( e.g. Fama and French [ 1995 ] ) maintain that such predictability results from time - varying equilibrium expected returns generated by rational pricing in an efficient market that compensates for the level of risk undertaken .
Critics of EMH ( e.g. La Porta , Lakonishok , Shliefer , and Vishny [ 1997 ] ) argue that the predictability of stock returns reflects the psychological factors , social movements , noise trading , and fashions or " fads " of irrational investors in a speculative market .
The question about whether predictability of returns represents rational variations in expected returns or arises due to irrational speculative deviations from theoretical values has provided the impetus for fervent intellectual inquiries in the recent years .
The remainder of this paper is motivated largely by this issue , and places greater emphasis on the speculative aspect .
2. Evidence Against EMH and Alternate Theories of Market Behavior
2a . Market Anomalies
The EMH became controversial especially after the detection of certain anomalies in the capital markets .
Some of the main anomalies that have been identified are as follows :
A. The January Effect : Rozeff and Kinney ( 1976 ) were the first to document evidence of higher mean returns in January as compared to other months .
Using NYSE stocks for the period 1904 - 1974 , they find that the average return for the month of January was 3.48 percent as compared to only .42 percent for the other months .
Later studies document the effect persists in more recent years : Bhardwaj and Brooks ( 1992 ) for 1977 - 1986 and Eleswarapu and Reinganum ( 1993 ) for 1961 - 1990 .
The effect has been found to be present in other countries as well ( Gultekin and Gultekin , 1983 ) .
The January effect has also been documented for bonds by Chang and Pinegar ( 1986 ) .
Maxwell ( 1998 ) shows that the bond market effect is strong for non-investment grade bonds , but not for investment grade bonds .
More recently , Bhabra , Dhillon and Ramirez ( 1999 ) document a November effect , which is observed only after the Tax Reform Act of 1986 .
They also find that the January effect is stronger since 1986 .
Taken together , their results support a tax - loss selling explanation of the effect .
B. The Weekend Effect ( or Monday Effect ) : French ( 1980 ) analyzes daily returns of stocks for the period 1953 - 1977 and finds that there is a tendency for returns to be negative on Mondays whereas they are positive on the other days of the week .
He notes that these negative returns are " caused only by the weekend effect and not by a general closed - market effect " .
A trading strategy , which would be profitable in this case , would be to buy stocks on Monday and sell them on Friday .
Kamara ( 1997 ) shows that the S&P 500 has no significant Monday effect after April 1982 , yet he finds the Monday effect undiminished from 1962 - 1993 for a portfolio of smaller U.S. stocks .
Internationally , Agrawal and Tandon ( 1994 ) find significantly negative returns on Monday in nine countries and on Tuesday in eight countries , yet large and positive returns on Friday in 17 of the 18 countries studied .
However their data do not extend beyond 1987 .
Steeley ( 2001 ) finds that the weekend effect in the UK has disappeared in the 1990s .
C. Other Seasonal Effects : Holiday and turn of the month effects have been well documented over time and across countries .
Lakonishok and Smidt ( 1988 ) show that US stock returns are significantly higher at the turn of the month , defined as the last and first three trading days of the month .
Ariel ( 1987 ) shows that returns tend to be higher on the last day of the month .
Cadsby and Ratner ( 1992 ) find similar turn of month effects in some countries and not in others .
Ziemba ( 1991 ) finds evidence of a turn of month effect for Japan when turn of month is defined as the last five and first two trading days of the month .
Hensel and Ziemba ( 1996 ) and Kunkel and Compton ( 1998 ) show how abnormal returns can be earned by exploiting this anomaly .
Lakonishok and Smidt ( 1988 ) , Ariel ( 1990 ) , and Cadsby and Ratner ( 1992 ) all provide evidence to show that returns are , on average , higher the day before a holiday , than on other trading days .
The latter paper shows this for countries other than the U.S. Brockman and Michayluk ( 1998 ) describe the pre-holiday effect as one of the oldest and most consistent of all seasonal regularities .
D. Small Firm Effect : Banz ( 1981 ) published one of the earliest articles on the ' small - firm effect ' which is also known as the ' size - effect ' .
His analysis of the 1936 - 1975 period reveals that excess returns would have been earned by holding stocks of low capitalization companies .
Supporting evidence is provided by Reinganum ( 1981 ) who reports that the risk adjusted annual return of small firms was greater than 20 percent .
If the market were efficient , one would expect the prices of stocks of these companies to go up to a level where the risk adjusted returns to future investors would be normal .
But this did not happen .
E. P/E Ratio Effect : Sanjoy Basu ( 1977 ) shows that stocks of companies with low P/E ratios earned a premium for investors during the period 1957 - 1971 .
An investor who held the low P/E ratio portfolio earned higher returns than an investor who held the entire sample of stocks .
These results also contradict the EMH .
Campbell and Shiller ( 1988 b ) show P/E ratios have reliable forecast power .
Fama and French ( 1995 ) find that market and size factors in earnings help explain market and size factors in returns .
Dechow , Hutton , Meulbroek and Sloan ( 2001 ) document that short - sellers position themselves in stocks of firms with low earnings to price ratios since they are known to have lower future returns .
F. Value - Line Enigma :
The Value - Line organization divides the firm into five groups and ranks them according to their estimated performance based on publicly available information .
Over a five year period starting from 1965 , returns to investors correspond to the rankings given to firms .
That is , higher ranking firms earned higher returns .
Several researchers ( e.g. Stickel , 1985 ) find positive risk - adjusted abnormal ( above average ) returns using value line rankings to form trading strategies , thus challenging the EMH .
G. Over / Under Reaction of Stock Prices to Earnings Announcements :
There is substantial documented evidence on both over and under-reaction to earnings announcements .
DeBondt and Thaler ( 1985 , 1987 ) present evidence that is consistent with stock prices overreacting to current changes in earnings .
They report positive ( negative ) estimated abnormal stock returns for portfolios that previously generated inferior ( superior ) stock price and earning performance .
This could be construed as the prior period stock price behavior overreacting to earnings developments ( Bernard , 1993 ) .
Such interpretation has been challenged by Zarowin ( 1989 ) but is supported by DeBondt and Thaler ( 1990 ) .
Bernard ( 1993 ) provides evidence that is consistent with the initial reaction being too small , and being completed over a period of at least six months .
Ou and Penman ( 1989 ) also argue that the market underutilizes financial statement information .
Bernard ( 1993 ) further notes that such anomalies are not due to research design flaws , inappropriate adjustment for risk , or transaction costs .
Thus , the evidence suggests that information is not impounded in prices instantaneously as the EMH would predict .
H. Standard & Poor�s ( S&P ) Index effect : Harris and Gurel ( 1986 ) and Shleifer ( 1986 ) find a surprising increase in share prices ( up to 3 percent ) on the announcement of a stock 's inclusion into the S&P 500 index .
Since in an efficient market only information should change prices , the positive stock price reaction appears to be contrary to the EMH because there is no new information about the firm other than its inclusion in the index . [ 3 ]
I. Pricing of Closed - end Funds : The Investment Company
Act of 1940 regards all investment funds that do not continuously issue and redeem their shares as closed - end funds .
Unlike open - end funds , closed - end funds do not stand ready to sell or repurchase their securities at the net asset value per share . [ 4 ]
They float a fixed number of shares in an initial public offering and after that , investors wishing to buy or sell shares of a closed - end funds must do so in the secondary market . [ 5 ]
The prices in the secondary market are dictated by the market forces of demand and supply which may not be directly linked to the fund�s fundamental or net asset value .
Malkiel ( 1977 ) argues that the market valuation of closed - end investment company shares reflects mispricing .
As he notes , " The pricing of closed - end funds does then seem to provide an illustration of market imperfection in capital - asset pricing . "
[ Malkiel , 847 ]
In general , the funds have been shown to trade at a discount relative to their net asset values ( See Malkiel , 1977 ; Brickley and Schallheim , 1985 ; Lee , Shleifer and Thaler , 1991 ) .
Between 1970 and 1990 , the average discount on closed - end funds ranged between 5 to 20 percent .
The existence of discounts clearly contradicts the value additivity principle of efficient and frictionless capital markets . [ 6 ]
Reports from the popular press have also commented on mispricing in the closed - end fund market .
As Laderman notes in Business Week ( March 1 , 1993 ) , " America�s financial markets are the most efficient in the world .
But there�s one corner where pockets of inefficiency still exist : closed - end funds " .
J. The Distressed Securities Market :
While the academic literature largely suggests that stocks in the distressed securities market are efficiently priced ( e.g. Ma and Weed [ 1986 ] , Weinstein [ 1987 ] , Fridson and Cherry [ 1990 ] , Blume , Keim and Patel [ 1991 ] , Cornell and Green [ 1991 ] , Eberhart and Sweeney [ 1992 ] , Altman and Eberhart [ 1994 ] , Buell [ 1992 ] ) the popular press has frequently conjectured that the stock pricing may be inefficient during the bankruptcy period . [ 7 ]
For example , the shares of Continental Airlines continued to trade on the AMEX at or about $ 1.50 per share even after the company had negotiated a plan with its creditors that would provide no distribution to the pre-petition equity holders ( WSJ , 1992 ) . [ 8 ]
Investors have always sought superior returns in the securities market and vulture investors have attracted a substantial amount of risk - oriented money by offering the possibility of high returns by exploiting the apparent pricing inefficiencies or anomalies in the market for distressed securities .
As Philip Schaeffer of Robert Fleming Inc. puts it :
" Returns are attractive because of market 's abundant inefficiencies .
Investors who find themselves owners of distressed securities do not understand or want to participate in the market and frequently sell at prices substantially below the investments ' cost .
Distressed investing requires skills involving bankruptcy law , experience and knowledge of the bankruptcy process , and personal contacts .
Consequently , the relatively small number of experienced distressed security investors have a significant advantage over other investors who do not have such expertise , knowledge and experience " .
[ Wall Street Journal , 1991 ]
K. The Weather : Few would argue that sunshine puts people in a good mood .
People in good moods make more optimistic choices and judgments .
Saunders ( 1993 ) shows that the New York Stock Exchange index tends to be negative when it is cloudy .
More recently , Hirshleifer and Shumway ( 2001 ) analyze data for 26 countries from 1982 - 1997 and find that stock market returns are positively correlated with sunshine in almost all of the countries studied .
Interestingly , they find that snow and rain have no predictive power !
These phenomena have been rightly referred to as anomalies because they cannot be explained within the existing paradigm of EMH .
It clearly suggests that information alone is not moving the prices .
[ Roll , 1984 ] [ 9 ]
These anomalies have led researchers to question the EMH and to investigate alternate modes of theorizing market behavior .
Such a development is consistent with Kuhn 's ( 1970 ) route for progress in knowledge .
As he states , " Discovery commences with the awareness of anomaly , i.e. , with the recognition that nature has somehow violated the paradigm induced expectations ... " [ Kuhn , 52 ]
2b . Volatility Tests , Fads , Noise Trading
The greatest stir in academic circles has been created by the results of volatility tests .
These tests are designed to test for rationality of market behavior by examining the volatility of share prices relative to the volatility of the fundamental variables that affect share prices .
The first two studies applying these tests were by Shiller ( 1981 ) and LeRoy and Porter ( 1981 ) .
Shiller tests a model in which stock prices are the present discounted value of future dividends .
LeRoy and Porter use a similar analysis for the bond market .
These studies reveal significant volatility in both the stock and bond markets .
Fluctuations in actual prices greater than those implied by changes in the fundamental variables affecting the prices are inferred by Shiller as being the result of fads or waves of optimistic or pessimistic market psychology .
Schwert ( 1989 ) tests for a relation between stock return volatility and economic activity .
He finds increased volatility in financial asset returns during recessions which might suggest that operating leverage increases during recessions .
He also finds increased volatility in periods where the proportion of new debt issues to new equity issues is larger than a firm�s existing capital structure .
This may be interpreted as evidence of financial leverage affecting volatility .
However neither of these factors plays a dominant role in explaining the time - varying volatility of the stock market .
The volatility tests of Shiller spawned a series of articles .
The results of excess volatility in the stock market have been confirmed by Cochrane ( 1991 ) , West ( 1988 ) , Campbell and Shiller ( 1987 ) , Mankiw , Romer , and Shapiro ( 1985 ) .
The tests have been criticized , largely on methodological grounds , by Ackert and Smith ( 1993 ) , Marsh and Merton ( 1986 ) , Kleidon ( 1986 ) and Flavin ( 1983 ) .
The empirical evidence provided by volatility tests suggests that movements in stock prices cannot be attributed merely to the rational expectations of investors , but also involve an irrational component .
The irrational behavior has been emphasized by Shleifer and Summers ( 1990 ) in their exposition of noise trading .
Shleifer and Summers ( 1990 ) posit that there are two types of investors in the market : ( a ) rational speculators or arbitrageurs who trade on the basis of information and ( b ) noise traders who trade on the basis of imperfect information .
Since noise traders act on imperfect information , they will cause prices to deviate from their equilibrium values .
It is generally understood that arbitrageurs play the crucial role of stabilizing prices .
While arbitrageurs dilute such shifts in prices , they do not eliminate them completely .
Shleifer and Summers assert that the assumption of perfect arbitrage made under EMH is not realistic .
They observe that arbitrage is limited by two types of risk : ( a ) fundamental risk and ( b ) unpredictability of future resale price .
Given limited arbitrage , they argue that securities prices do not merely respond to information but also to " changes in expectations or sentiments that are not fully justified by information . "
[ Shleifer and Summers , 23 ]
An observation of investors � trading strategies ( such as trend chasing ) in the market provides evidence for decision making being guided by " noise " rather than by the rational evaluation of information .
Further support is provided by professional financial analysts spending considerable resources in trying to predict both the changes in fundamentals and also possible changes in sentiment of other investors .
" Tracking these possible indicators of demand makes no sense if prices responded only to fundamental news and not to investor demand .
They make perfect sense , in contrast , in a world where investor sentiment moves prices and so predicting changes in this sentiment pays . "
[ Shleifer and Summers , 26 ]
Black ( 1986 ) also argues that noise traders play a useful role in promoting transactions ( and thus , influencing prices ) as informed traders like to trade with noise traders who provide liquidity .
So long as risk is rewarded and there is limited arbitrage , it is unlikely that market forces would eliminate noise traders and maintain efficient prices .
2c . Models of Human Behavior
In a market consisting of human beings , it seems logical that explanations rooted in human and social psychology would hold great promise in advancing our understanding of stock market behavior .
More recent research has attempted to explain the persistence of anomalies by adopting a psychological perspective .
Evidence in the psychology literature reveals that individuals have limited information processing capabilities , exhibit systematic bias in processing information , are prone to making mistakes , and often tend to rely on the opinion of others .
The damaging attacks on the assumption of human rationality have been spearheaded by Kahneman and Tversky ( 1986 ) in their path breaking article on prospect theory .
The findings of Kahneman and Tversky have brought into question expected utility theory which has been used descriptively and predictively in the finance and economics literature .
They argue that when faced with the complex task of assigning probabilities to uncertain outcomes , individuals often tend to use cognitive heuristics .
While useful in reducing the task to a manageable proportion , these heuristics often lead to systematic biases .
Using simple decision tasks , Kahneman and Tversky are able to demonstrate consistent decision inconsistencies by manipulating the decision frame .
While expected utility theory would predict that individuals would evaluate alternatives in terms of the impact on these alternatives on their final wealth position , it is often found that individuals tend to violate expected utility theory predictions by evaluating the situation in terms of gains and losses relative to some reference point .
The usefulness and validity of Kahneman and Tversky 's propositions have been established by several replications and extensions for situations involving uncertainty by researchers in the fields of accounting , economics , finance , and psychology .
Rabin and Thaler ( 2001 ) show that expected utility theory�s explanation of risk aversion is not plausible by providing examples of how the theory can be wrong and misleading .
They call for a better model of describing choice under uncertainty .
It is now widely agreed that the failure of expected utility theory is due to the failure to recognize the psychological principles governing decision tasks .
The literature on cognitive psychology provides a promising framework for analyzing investors ' behavior in the stock market .
By dropping the stringent assumption of rationality in conventional models , it might be possible to explain some of the persistent anomalous findings .
For example , the observation of overreaction is consistent with the finding that subjects , in general , tend to overreact to new information ( and ignore base rates ) .
Also , agents often allow their decision to be guided by irrelevant points of reference , a phenomenon discussed under " anchoring and adjustment " .
Shiller ( 1984 ) proposes an alternate model of stock prices that recognizes the influence of social psychology .
He attributes the movements in stock prices to social movements .
Since there is no objective evidence on which to base their predictions of stock prices , it is suggested that the final opinion of individual investors may largely reflect the opinion of a larger group .
Thus , excessive volatility in the stock market is often caused by social " fads " which may have very little rational or logical explanation .
Shiller ( 1991 , ch.23 ) also investigates investor behavior during the October 1987 crash by surveying individual investors , institutional investors and stockbrokers .
The survey results indicate that most investors traded because of price changes rather than due to news about fundamentals .
There appear to have been no major economic developments at that time that triggered the crash .
He concludes that it would be wrong to interpret the crash as being due to a change in public opinion about some fundamental economic factor .
Seyhun ( 1990 ) shows that the 1987 crash was a surprise to corporate insiders .
Bates ( 1991 ) tests for market expectations prior to the crash by looking at S&P 500 futures options prices .
Standard pricing models imply that out of the money ( OTM ) puts trade at a slight discount to OTM calls .
However , OTM puts were , at various times in 1987 , priced higher than OTM calls .
This overpricing of OTM puts could only imply an expectation of a market crash or increased market volatility if the market fell .
The prices reveal that the market expected a crash at the beginning of 1987 or in mid-August , when in fact the market actually peaked , and that there was no expectation of a crash in the two months before October 19 .
Research into investor behavior in the securities markets is rapidly expanding with very surprising results , again , results that are often counter to the notion of rational behavior .
Hirshleifer and Shumway ( 2001 ) find that sunshine is strongly correlated with daily stock returns .
Using a unique data set of two years of investor behavior for almost the entire set of investors from Finland , Grinblatt and Keloharju ( 2001 ) find that distance , language , and culture influence stock trades . [ 10 ]
Huberman and Regev ( 2001 ) provide an example of how and not when information is released can cause stock price reactions .
They study the stock price effect of news about a firm developing a cure for cancer .
Although the information had been published a few months earlier in multiple media outlets , the stock price more than quadrupled the day after receiving public attention in the New York Times .
Although there was no new information presented , the form in which it was presented caused a permanent price rise .
The efficient market view of prices representing rational valuation of fundamental factors has also been challenged by Summers ( 1986 ) , who views the market to be highly inefficient .
He proposes that pricing should comprise a random walk plus a fad variable .
The fad variable is modeled as a slowly mean - reverting stationary process .
That is , stock prices will exercise some temporary aberrations , but will eventually return to their equilibrium price levels .
One may argue that market mechanisms may be able to correct the individual decision biases , and thus individual differences may not matter in the aggregate .
However , the transition from micro behavior to macro behavior is still not well established .
For example , in their study of price differences among similar consumer products , Pratt , Wise and Zeckhauser ( 1979 ) demonstrate the failure of the market to correct individual biases .
All arguments aside , the stock market crash of 1987 continues to be problematic for the supporters of EMH .
Any attempt to accommodate a 22.7 percent devaluation of the stocks within the theoretical framework of EMH would be a formidable challenge .
It seems reasonable to assume that the decline did not occur due to a major shift in the perceived risk or expected future dividend .
The crash of 1987 provides further credence to the argument that the market includes a significant number of speculative investors who are guided by " non-fundamental " factors .
Thus , the assumption of rationality in conventional models needs to be rethought and reformulated ( to conform to reality ) .
Willie Nelson has campaigned for the legalisation of marijuana
The country singer and four others were charged with drug possession offences after a routine police stop near Lafayette , Louisiana .
Nelson could face up to six months in jail and an unspecified fine , Reuters news agency reported police as saying .
The 73 - year - old star is known to be a long - time user of marijuana .
The singer 's tour bus was stopped early on Monday morning about seven miles east of Lafayette .
Police allegedly seized one - and - a - half pounds ( 0.7kg ) of marijuana and two - tenths of a pound ( 91 grams ) of psychedelic mushrooms .
The other passengers were Tony Sizemore , 59 ; Bobbie Nelson , 75 ; Gates Moore , 54 ; and David Anderson , 50 .
All were described as " cooperative " by a state police spokesman .
Date : 2 Jan 2003 06:32:23 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian : I 'm writing to you to ask for clarification of UIC 's policies regarding a recent idea of mine .
I just read your office 's web pages advertising the Online Measurement System ( CR18 ) invention .
My new idea involves a level of creativity similar to the level displayed by that invention , and has a much wider potential market .
Perhaps UIC is interested in obtaining a patent on this idea , and promoting transfer of this technology to an industrial partner , for the benefit of both UIC and the general public .
The invention is a Soap Saver Dish .
The Soap Saver Dish is a plastic holder for soap .
It has several prongs reaching up out of a tray .
Soap can sit on top of the prongs , while soapy water collects in the tray .
The prongs reach higher than the edge of the tray , so that water collected in the tray does not touch the soap .
The prior art includes two types of soap holders : * A soap dish is a tray .
It holds soap in place , and collects soapy water , keeping the soapy water off the underlying surface ( unless the soap dish overflows ) .
It does not prevent the soap from resting in water and turning to mush . * A soap saver has several prongs reaching up from a flat surface .
It holds the soap in place above that surface , preventing the soap from turning to mush .
It does not collect soapy water .
The Soap Saver Dish combines the advantages of soap dishes and soap savers .
It appears to be new .
The closest prior art I have found in my market research is a soap dish with prongs at the same height as the top of the tray ; this fails to keep the soap out of the water when the tray is full .
The Soap Saver Dish avoids that problem .
Specific questions : 1 . Does this idea constitute ``intellectual property '' under the University of Illinois Policy on Patents and Copyrights ?
Please explain your answer in enough detail that it can be independently verified .
2 . As I recall , I came up with this idea in the shower one morning .
Am I correct in concluding that , under the University of Illinois Policy on Patents and Copyrights , the university does not own this idea ?
Please explain your answer .
3 . Am I correct in concluding that I am under no obligation to report this idea to the university ?
Are there any relevant factors here other than the location in which I came up with the idea ?
Please explain your answer .
4 . Whether or not disclosure is required , I could assign patent rights in this idea to the university .
Is UIC interested in this idea ?
How does your office make these decisions ?
Date : 3 Jan 2003 08:29:24 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian : I am writing to you regarding another recent idea of mine .
I have the same questions here that I had regarding the Soap Saver Dish .
The idea is a Two - Person Cookbook .
A normal recipe is a sequence of instructions for one cook to prepare a dish ; when two cooks want to work together , they have to figure out which instructions can be carried out in parallel , how to fairly divide the labor among the cooks , etc .
The Two - Person Cookbook already contains all this information in novel two - person recipes .
I should note that I received your previous message .
While I appreciate your statement of enthusiasm for the Soap Saver Dish , I cannot accept that statement as a substitute for clarification of UIC 's patent policies .
Does UIC require , or desire , disclosure of these ideas ?
Please explain your answers .
Date : 4 Jan 2003 05:14:10 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
You said in your second message that works are ``outside the patent policy '' if they are not ``within the scope of your UIC employment in the Math Department . ''
But this begs the question : exactly what items are ``within the scope '' of my employment ?
Here 's another recent idea of mine : Shared Exam Creation .
I 've noticed that professors often teach courses similar to courses taught before or taught at other universities .
Instead of repeating all the effort of course creation from scratch , they can combine efforts .
In particular , there 's tremendous redundancy in the creation of thousands of similar exams on a single topic ; a fraction of the effort would produce a pool of exam questions that everyone could use .
The pool could include answers , grading scales , statistics on student performance , etc .
Does this idea constitute ``intellectual property '' under the patent policy ?
Is this idea ``within the scope ' ' of my employment ?
If so , why ?
If not , why not ?
Date : 5 Jan 2003 09:52:08 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : the Unkillable Alarm Clock .
I have the same questions about the Unkillable Alarm Clock that I had about the Soap Saver Dish , the Two - Person Cookbook , and Shared Exam Creation .
The Unkillable Alarm Clock makes noise for a preset amount of time .
It can not be turned off .
It has a battery backup so that it can not be usefully unplugged .
It comes with a security cable so that it can be locked to an unmovable piece of furniture .
It is built from reinforced steel so that it cannot be destroyed by a baseball bat .
In short , unlike a normal alarm clock , the Unkillable Alarm Clock ensures that the user does not simply turn the alarm off and go back to sleep .
Date : 6 Jan 2003 09:38:14 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Luggage Key Escrow .
As I 'm sure you 've heard , the government often needs to open luggage checked on commercial planes .
The Luggage Key Escrow idea is to deposit copies of luggage keys with the government , so that luggage can be safely locked without interfering with the government 's need to open the luggage .
Of course , electronic locks will allow simpler key management than traditional pin-tumbler locks .
Date : 7 Jan 2003 14:55:06 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Multiple TV Guide Channels .
Right now , a typical cable TV service has only one TV Guide Channel , which takes several minutes to present a complete TV listing .
With Multiple TV Guide Channels , the TV viewer can see the complete TV listing much more quickly .
The listing can be organized by channel , by time , by type of show , etc. ; with enough TV Guide Channels , listings organized in several different ways can be presented simultaneously .
Date : 8 Jan 2003 08:11:27 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Frequent Flyer Belt Buckles .
Airports have turned up the sensitivity on their metal detectors at security checkpoints .
Common metal belt buckles are now setting off the detectors , so passengers are forced to take their belts off .
Frequent Flyer Belt Buckles solve this problem : they are made of materials that do n't set off airport metal detectors .
Date : 9 Jan 2003 08:01:12 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : AspiTonin .
Many people take daily doses of aspirin .
Many people take daily doses of melatonin .
An AspiTonin tablet contains both aspirin and melatonin , so that people who want both drugs can take a single tablet .
AspiTonin is also suitable for occasional use .
Date : 10 Jan 2003 09:38:22 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Internet Bus Locators .
It can be rather frustrating to plan bus travel , because buses almost never run on time .
An Internet Bus Locator is a web site that shows the current locations of buses and , possibly , updated estimates for the arrival times of the buses at subsequent stops , allowing passengers to adapt their schedules accordingly .
Date : 11 Jan 2003 09:45:28 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
This is the tenth message I 've sent you on this topic .
Your responses so far really have n't been of any help in clarifying UIC 's policies .
Is there some reason you are n't answering my questions ?
Anyway , here 's another idea I 've had : Coin -Operated Elevators .
With Coin-Operated Elevators , instead of pressing an elevator button , the passenger inserts a coin into an appropriate slot .
Coin-Operated Elevators help shift the costs of running an elevator to the passengers who use the elevator .
They also discourage pranksters from annoying legitimate users by casually pressing random elevator buttons .
Date : 12 Jan 2003 09:18:07 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Surround - Sound Telephones .
Current telephones transmit a single sound channel .
Surround - Sound Telephones transmit several sound channels , allowing the listener to hear separate sounds from different directions .
Surround - Sound Telephones are particularly convenient for conference calls .
Date : 13 Jan 2003 19:46:41 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Weight Beaters .
Weight Beaters are a method of encouraging participants to lose weight .
A participant who does not lose the desired number of pounds in a month is beaten up .
This negative feedback can , of course , be combined with more traditional positive - feedback weight - loss mechanisms .
Date : 14 Jan 2003 10:35:37 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Cellular Clock Service .
My cell phone requires manual setting of the current time .
With Cellular Clock Service , the current date , time , time zone , etc. are transmitted by cell towers , for automatic use by cell phones .
Date : 15 Jan 2003 09:49:52 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Triple Toilet - Paper Rolls .
You may have noticed stores carrying packs of double rolls of toilet paper .
Each double roll carries twice as many square feet of paper as a single roll , typically 50 square feet instead of 25 square feet , with not much increase in the diameter .
Hey , if double is better , why not triple ?
A Triple Toilet - Paper Roll has three times as many square feet of paper as a single roll .
The relative increase in diameter from a double roll to a triple roll is even smaller than the increase from a single roll to a double roll .
Toilet - paper - roll holders can easily be selected to accommodate Triple Toilet - Paper Rolls .
Date : 16 Jan 2003 08:40:43 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Instant Balance Transfers .
Today , credit - card balance transfers typically take days to be debited by the new company , and days more to be credited by the old company .
There is no reason , in this age of modern communication technology , for balance transfers to take so long .
Instant Balance Transfers are debited and credited within minutes of being requested .
Date : 17 Jan 2003 12:13:32 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Count - Every - Last - Stride Elliptical Runners .
I noticed today that a Precor EFX 546 elliptical - runner exercise machine did n't count all my strides .
It showed 6006 strides at 32:59 ; I did a few more strides ; it reached its time limit of 33:00 and continued to show 6006 strides , ignoring the strides I had done in the final second .
I would have found this quite frustrating if it had made the difference between , say , 5998 and 6001 strides .
A Count - Every - Last - Stride Elliptical Runner is just like a Precor EFX 546 , but it counts all the strides performed by the user , including the strides performed in the last second .
Date : 18 Jan 2003 11:39:20 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Optional Library Book Tracking .
Sometimes I need to briefly consult a book that one of my colleagues has checked out of the library .
If I knew who had the book , I could simply drop by the right office and look at the book , with a minimum of fuss .
For privacy reasons , libraries normally do n't reveal who has checked out a book .
Optional Library Book
Tracking means that someone checking out a book can tell the library that this disclosure is okay .
Of course , the same information could be maintained on a third - party web page , but having the library publish the information is more convenient and more reliable .
Date : 19 Jan 2003 09:59:39 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Google Caller ID .
Normal Caller
ID reveals the phone number of a caller , and in some cases the name of the caller .
Google Caller ID reveals much more information : the results of a Google search for the phone number .
Like normal Caller ID , Google Caller ID can be performed automatically while the phone is ringing .
Date : 20 Jan 2003 11:29:33 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Internet Laundry Completion Notices .
Typical home laundry facilities include buzzers that alert the user when a load of laundry is done .
Buzzers do not work , however , when the user is far away from the laundry : for example , when the user starts a load in a laundry room in a typical high - rise apartment building and then goes back to his apartment .
With Internet Laundry Completion Notices , each washer and dryer sends email to the user when a load finishes .
Date : 21 Apr 2003 08:02:57 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian : Several high - priority tasks over the past few months have forced me to delay some disclosures of patentable ideas .
Please accept my apologies ; I will endeavor to catch up as soon as possible .
I am , of course , aware of UIC 's budget cuts ; I hope that your office will , sometime soon , be able to successfully commercialize an invention , and thus help the university survive these difficult times .
Here 's the first item in my backlog : Raisin Bran Shipment Flipping .
As you are probably aware , raisins and bran have different densities .
Vigorous shaking of a box of raisin bran , such as the shaking that happens naturally during a truck shipment , will eventually separate the raisins from the bran , to the annoyance of the eventual raisin - bran consumer .
Raisin Bran Shipment
Flipping means periodically changing the orientation of a raisin - bran box : for example , shipping the box for an hour right side up , then an hour upside down , then an hour right side up , then an hour upside down , and so on .
Each change will reverse the direction of raisin flow through the bran , so that the raisins do not collect at one end of the box .
Date : 22 Apr 2003 04:32:59 - 0000 Dear Ms. Tarzian :
Here 's another idea I 've had : Caffeinated Mango Juice .
As the success of Mountain Dew ( sweetened caffeinated orange juice with other ingredients ) demonstrates , many caffeine users like to take their caffeine with large doses of sugar .
Surely some of these users are fans of the sweet taste of mangoes , and would switch to Caffeinated Mango Juice as their preferred morning drink if it were readily available .
For the past few months ( ending at the end of December ) I 've been conducting a little experiment .
I went to multiple xtian boards trying to see if discussion between the two camps produces anything of value .
In this case , by ' value ' I mean an understanding can be reached , ideas exchanged and preconceived notions validated or annihilated .
I started this because I 've noticed that on atheist forums theists can get run off fairly quickly .
This is mostly due to their own behavior , but they claim victim status .
I have seen countless accusations from theists that atheists just hate god/religion / believers .
Also , countless pleas for us to " consider the evidence " or to " take an honest look at faith . "
So , I gave them a chance .
Why did I stop at two months ?
Well , answering the same questions over and over again can wear on one 's nerves .
35 forums later all I have to say is : Oy .
( now , 35 boards is by no means a fair crossection of xtian boards out there .
However , I am only one person with a job , a boyfriend and a life so shut - up ;) ) .
Disclaimer :
This is clearly an informal experiment , and I make no claims to its
infallibility .
This is just what happened to me .
I encourage other atheists - with knowledge of the common fallacies and apologetics used , and plenty of patience - to try it themselves .
Maybe bridges can be built .
A few notes :
- As I 've said before I chose Xtian boards because I'm American and that is the prevalent religion here .
- Initially , it was my intention to post links to all the boards I visited - however , this was before I knew the outcome of this experiment .
At that time I was expecting to find many good discussions out there in cyberland .
After two months , I 'd had very few .
Now those of you that know me know that I can get fairly abrasive so you may be thinking that I was mean so they were mean to me .
Not so .
I made it a point to be as friendly , respectful and patient as I think guests should be .
So , in hopes of sparing my fellow atheists from being subjected to this I will only post those forums which were good or not so bad .
The
Progressive Christians at Beliefnet.com
, & Xnforums.com ( a few flatout whackadoo posters , but the board has a rocking Moderator ) .
What I found :
The 11 most common misconceptions about atheists :
1. Atheists hate god / are jealous of theists
2. Atheists are arrogant and do n't want anything " superior " to them
3 . Atheists have never experience religion
4 . Atheists have never read / do n't understand the bible
5 . Atheists just do n't want to receive the truth
6 . Atheists are bitter / angry
7 . Atheists just do n't want to admit they sin
8 . All atheists support abortion / evolution / liberal politics / communism / fascism/ etc
9 . Atheists are gay
10 .
Atheists want to destroy / limit religion
11 . Atheists think they know everything
The 5 most common excuses for having no evidence of the existence of god :
1. god does n't need to prove himself to his creations
2. the bible says {insert nonsense here}
3. the evidence is all around us - ( meaning existence is proof of god )
4 . Faith is all we need
5. Pascal 's Wager
The 14 most commonly used fallacies :
1. No True Scotsman fallacy - " That person / group is n't a True Christian ( tm ) person / group . "
2. Appeal to ignorance as evidence for something - " We have no evidence that God does n't exist , therefore , he must exist . "
3. Argument from omniscience - " All people believe in something . " or " All people have faith in something . "
4. Appeal to faith - " if you have no faith , you cannot learn " or " You must have faith to understand . "
5 . Appeal to tradition - " People have believed in gods for thousands of years . "
6. Argument from authority - " Professor so - and - so believes in creation - science . " or " A lot of prominent scientists believe in god . "
7. Argument from adverse consequences ( also known as the Pat Robertson special ) - " Disasters occur because God punishes non-believers / sinners "
8. Appeal to fear or threat - " If you do n't believe in God , you 'll burn in hell "
9 . Begging the question ( or assuming the answer ) - " We must encourage our youth to worship God to instill moral behavior "
10 . Circular reasoning - " God exists because the Bible says so ; the Bible exists because God influenced it "
11 . Confirmation bias - " I prayed for X to happen and it did , therefore God exists . " ( nevermind the countless unanswered prayers )
12 . Proving non-existence - " Prove God does n't exist "
13 . Special pleading
- Question : How can God create so much suffering in the world ?
Answer :
You have to understand that God moves in mysterious ways
and we have no privilege to this knowledge .
14 . Straw man : creating a false scenario and then attacking it .
- " Atheists just want to be promiscuous / steal / do drugs / etc without consequences so they reject god . "
The 4 most commonly used bits of known hoaxes / forgeries :
1 . The
Lady Hope story
( Darwin converted on his deathbed )
2. Josephus ( see next link )
3 . Anything used to " prove " Jesus really existed ( this
Link
is a fabulous resource for debunking " proof " of Jesus 's existence )
4. Various stories that the poster failed to provide backup for - Bit of the true cross being validated , bits of Noah 's ark found on a mountaintop , aparititions of the Virgin Mary , multiple faith healing stories , prayers being answered
Some notable outcomes :
1 . Seven forums banned me outright after I said I am an atheist
2 . One moderator accused me of trying to corrupt the young
3 . I was asked " If you do n't believe in god , why care about anything " a total of 17 times .
4 . On the flip side , I was welcomed ( after outing myself as a non-believer ) at the other 28 forums
6. Moderate and Progressive / Liberal Xtians are just as worried about the separation of Church and State as we are
7. Most Xtians
I had contact with do not support Bush or the war
Conclusion :
The entire experience can be summed up fairly easily .
Generally speaking , they know next to nothing about atheists , they are extremely emotionally attached to their deities , and they are just people looking for truth as we are .
The animosity that sparks between atheists and theists seems to stem from the two camps speaking two different languages - atheists speak in terms of empirical evidence and logic ; theists speak in terms of faith , emotion , and the unknown .
An atheist expects proof before acceptance , a theists sees acceptance as proof .
Do I see it as a waste of time ?
On some of the boards ( * cough * HolyCultureRadio* cough * ) it was a waste of time .
On boards frequented by a large teenage population or a way - out - there new - agey element , it was a waste of time .
But this is not the case overall - surprisingly some of the more useful conversations happened on some fairly conservative forums .
Lastly , I think there are some allies to be made out there in the fight against an impending American Theocracy ( okay , that 's a little dramatic ) , women 's rights and anti-war activism .
There are plenty of good , decent xtians out there .
However , we are never going to understand each other .
We speak different languages .
Archeologists excavating the ruined Guatemalan city of Cancuen have stumbled across the remains of what they believe is one of the pivotal events in the collapse of the Maya civilization -- the desperate defense of the once - great trading center and the ritual execution of at least 45 members of its royal court .
An enemy as yet unknown not only wiped out the royal dynasty about AD 800 , but systematically eliminated religious and cultural artifacts -- in effect , killing the city and leaving it abandoned to the elements , according to new research announced Wednesday .
The archeological team found dozens of remarkably preserved skeletons piled in mass graves , as well as other artifacts , indicating what the lead researcher described as “ a war crimes scene . ”
After the siege of Cancuen , cities in the western Maya lowlands in what is now Guatemala were abandoned , most within 20 to 30 years , the researchers said .
The displaced populations moved to the east and north , where they eventually depleted local resources and faded away .
Advertisement
“ This was a critical historical moment , like the assassination of [ Austrian ] Archduke [ Franz ] Ferdinand [ which triggered ]
World War I , ” said archeologist Arthur A. Demarest of Vanderbilt University , whose team discovered the charnel house this summer .
“ It set off the domino of Classic Maya collapse . ”
Added archeologist David Freidel of Southern Methodist University , “ This is an effort not to try to subordinate the royal court to an overlord , but to absolutely wipe it out .
It ’s a remarkable and very poignant example of the kind of violence that marks the collapse of the Maya civilization . ”
It might have been a nobles ’ revolt , a peasants ’ revolt or an outside attack , said Freidel , who was not involved in the discovery .
“ We just do n’t know . ”
But the city ’s occupants clearly were aware of the impending disaster .
Demarest and his team found a system of hastily constructed and unfinished stone and wooden palisades that they say showed a desperate attempt to defend Cancuen .
Advertisement
Spearheads scattered throughout the city , abandoned construction sites and skeletons with markings of spear and ax wounds bear witness to the intensity of the battle and the finality of the defeat .
“ Clearly , these defenses failed , ” Demarest said .
The Maya dominated Central America for more than 1,500 years , from well before the birth of Christ to late in the first millennium .
They established a complex network of kingdoms dominated by “ holy lords , ” building large cities with palaces and pyramids in the region , reaching their peak from AD 300 to 900 .
Then , they disappeared .
Advertisement
The mysterious nature of that collapse has captivated at least two generations of scholars , provoking theories including environmental despoliation , drought and vicious warfare .
Even the time frame is the subject of debate , with some arguing for a sudden collapse within a few years and others for a prolonged disintegration over 2 1/2 centuries .
The new discovery “ supports Demarest ’s view that the Classic Maya civilization collapsed by endemic warfare , ” said archeologist Heather McKillop of Louisiana State University .
“ The massacre is one of those rare events in archeology where an event is frozen in time , ” she added .
The site of Cancuen , at the headwaters of the Pasion River , has been known for more than a century , but it was generally regarded as an insignificant outpost until five years ago , when Demarest ’s team discovered a 170 - room , three - story palace sprawling over an area the size of six football fields .
Advertisement
The palace was surrounded by workshops for jade , obsidian , pyrite and other precious goods .
Excavations in the last five years showed it was an unusually wealthy city because of its ability to supply other cities throughout the empire with trade goods used by the upper classes to signify authority -- necessary for maintaining their position .
The city ’s kings maintained their position over four centuries through treaties , intermarriages and diplomatic missions without engaging in warfare .
“ They were not the greatest or most powerful dynasty , but they were the cleverest , ” Demarest said .
The dynasty reached its peak during the 50 - year reign of Taj Chan Ahk .
His son , Kan Maax , reigned for only about five years before the attack that ended the city ’s existence .
Advertisement
Demarest ’s team was finishing its dig for the summer when Guatemalan archeologists Sylvia Alvarado and Tomas Barrientos , tracing a system of water channels through the city , stumbled on a 90 - square - yard cistern , filled with mud , directly in front of the palace .
When they began digging in it , Demarest said , they found “ bones , bones , bones and more bones ... more bones than I have ever seen . ”
Bones tend to degrade quickly in the jungle , but the mud helped preserve these .
“ This is the strangest ... find I have ever made , ” he said .
Advertisement
With his team ’s season nearly finished and the rainy season approaching , Demarest called on the Forensic Anthropological Foundation of Guatemala for assistance .
Formed in 1996 after the signing of the Guatemalan Peace Accords , the foundation excavated the mass graves of thousands of Guatemalan villagers killed in civil war .
It has also been sent to Bosnia - Herzegovina , Kosovo , Rwanda and Afghanistan to investigate other massacres for war crimes trials .
“ This was a war crimes scene , ” said Demarest , whose excavation was funded by the National Geographic Society and the National Endowment for the Humanities .
Under the direction of Guatemalan archeologists Fredy Peccerelli and Jose Suasnevar -- both former students of Demarest -- the team found the remains of 31 people in the cistern .
The bodies were those of men , women and children , including two pregnant women .
Subsequent excavations revealed the bodies of Kan Maax and his queen in a nearby shallow grave and a dozen other nobles in a grave north of the palace .
Their identities were established by their jewelry , headdresses and other artifacts .
Advertisement
Some of the nobles may have been wounded or killed in the defense of the city , but most were executed by spear thrusts to the throat , “ a quick way to kill someone , ” Demarest said .
After they were dead , the bodies were ritually dismembered and thrown into the cistern or graves along with the clothes they were wearing , ceremonial headdresses , jewelry and other artifacts .
“ These were incredibly precious things ” like jades , jaguar - fang necklaces and Pacific Coast shells , Demarest said .
The invaders also went through the city and chipped the faces off monuments , ritually “ killing ” them , he added .
“ They were not only terminating the dynasty , they were terminating the entire site . ”
SciPy ( pronounced “ Sigh Pie ” ) is a Python - based ecosystem of open - source software for mathematics , science , and engineering .
In particular , these are some of the core packages :
NumPy Base N - dimensional array package Base N - dimensional array package
SciPy library Fundamental library for scientific computing Fundamental library for scientific computing
Matplotlib Comprehensive 2 - D plotting Comprehensive 2 - D plotting
IPython Enhanced interactive console Enhanced interactive console
SymPy Symbolic mathematics Symbolic mathematics
pandas Data structures & analysis Data structures & analysis
Large parts of the SciPy ecosystem ( including all six projects above ) are fiscally sponsored by NumFOCUS
M.A.C Cosmetics have announced that Dita Von Teese ( picture right ) , Debbie Harry , Eve , and Lisa Marie Presley will be Viva Glam ’s spokeswomen for this years version Viva Glam lipstick .
The promotion which is it it ’s sixth year ( launched back in 1994 ) benefits the M.A.C AIDS Fund .
These four women follow in the footsteps of many icons of the entertainment industry – Elton John , Mary J. Blige , Christina Aguilera , Missy Elliott , Linda Evangelista , Chloe Sevigny , Boy George and Pamela Anderson , to name just a few .
“ We want to rattle some cages .
We want to grab people ’s attention and not let them turn away .
And most importantly , we want to reach even more people , ” John Demsey , group president of the Estee Lauder Cos. and M.A.C Cosmetics ’ and M.A.C AIDS Fund chairman said in a statement .
“ Our Viva Glam VI spokespeople cut through the clutter .
They are all incredibly talented and have strong and distinct points of view and unique perspectives of view on this crisis . ”
No word on what colour the Viva Glam Six lipstick and lipglass will be , but seeing as they tend to follow the latest beauty trends .
My guess would be something peachy pink or red .
We ’ll find out soon enough at a press conference on September 6 .
For Immediate Release
April 1 , 2005 You Are What You Listen to : Users of Digital Music Sharing System Judge Others by their Playlists Co-workers sharing digital music in the workplace via Apple Computer ’s popular iTunes® software form impressions of each other based on their musical libraries , according to a new study by human - computer interaction researchers .
Georgia
Tech researcher Beki Grinter shows a digital music playlist produced by iTunes software .
The researchers studied how collections of music shared within a mid-sized company affected how co-workers perceived one another .
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Dowload 300 dpi image Employees in a mid-sized U.S. company reported that they consciously worked to portray themselves in certain ways through the collections of music they shared with co-workers , some of whom they barely knew .
Sometimes their self - portrayals were misread by co-workers with different musical interests and knowledge .
Nevertheless , music sharing served to build a community within the workplace researchers studied .
This finding has design implications for music - sharing technologies that are primarily created as individual jukeboxes , according to researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Palo Alto Research Center ( PARC ) , who will present their findings April 5 at the Computer - Human Interaction ( CHI 2005 ) conference in Portland , Ore .
The study was funded by PARC and the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) .
“ People sharing music in our study were aware of the comings and goings of others in the office because they noticed the appearance and disappearance of others ’ music on the network , ” said Amy Voida , lead author of the paper and a Ph.D. student at Georgia Tech .
“ They imagined what other people might think about their music collections , and they were aware of the musical holes left when someone left the company … .
What once was an individual jukebox became a music community . ”
A digital music playlist is reflected in the glasses of Georgia Tech researcher Beki Grinter .
The researchers studied how collections of music shared within a mid-sized company affected how co-workers perceived one another .
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Dowload 300 dpi image Digital music sharing among people on the same local area network became possible with iTunes in 2003 when Apple added the optional feature to its dual - platform software , which was designed primarily for home users .
Users can share their entire digital music libraries or selected playlists .
In contrast to previous online music sharing technologies , iTunes does not support copying music over the Internet .
Music files reside only on their host machine and , when shared , are streamed to another user ’s computer .
Prompted by news reports of college students sharing music in dormitories , Voida and her colleagues investigated whether co-workers are doing the same .
The researchers interviewed 13 iTunes users in one unidentified company to get specific examples of the social aspects of music sharing .
“ In the workplace , music sharing plays with the boundaries around things you as an employee might not want to share with other employees , ” said Beki Grinter , a Georgia Tech associate professor of computing who was a PARC researcher when the study began .
“ We found that sharing your music is actually quite a strong personal statement . ”
Georgia
Tech researchers ( l-r ) Amy Voida , Keith Edwards and Beki Grinter studied how collections of music shared within a mid-sized company affected how co-workers perceived one another .
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Dowload 300 dpi image
The researchers ’ report , which is nominated for a best paper award among 350 others , is filled with vignettes that illustrate this finding .
Researchers altered the artists and music genres cited to protect the anonymity of study participants .
When one user decided to share his music , he recalled : “ I just went through it to see if there was not like stuff that would be like , I do n’t know , annoying , that I would not like people to know that I had . ”
Sensing that his library was “ not very cool , ” he added more music to create a “ balanced ” portrayal of himself .
Another participant was worried about what his co-workers would think of the Justin Timberlake and Michael McDonald music he had purchased for his wife and included in his library .
Yet another user crafted his library around his German nationality and collection of German band music he thought others would n’t have .
Meanwhile , other users hid their expertise because they thought their co-workers would not relate to it or find it distasteful .
“ My favorite vignette is about the manager who joined the network , ” Grinter recalled .
“ When the manager showed up and could start looking through people ’s music collections , people began to speculate that the manager ’s presence might be influencing the way others were managing what music they shared . ”
Despite users ’ efforts to portray a certain image with their playlists , these signals sometimes were misread based on the users ’ musical expertise and knowledge , Voida noted .
“ One of the users only listened to classical music , while others in the group liked music like new age , rock and electronica , ” she explained .
“ The others thought that their music libraries distinguished them from their co-workers , but the classical music listener thought they were all the same .
She did not pick up on the nuances , so the impression people thought they were giving off was not what she saw because of her musical background . ”
In another example , two users misperceived each others ’ interest .
“ One of the two had what he believed to be the ultimate James Taylor library , ” Voida said .
“ He wanted everyone to know that if they needed James Taylor , he was their man .
His co-worker was into Irish folk music , and they agreed to share their music with one another so they could learn more about the other ’s music .
One of them said he enjoyed listening to his co-worker ’s music , but the other was n’t listening to his in return , so there was a misunderstanding .
One user overestimated the other ’s interest in his music . ”
Researchers also discovered that users tried to figure out which music collection belonged to which employee .
It became somewhat of a detective game , Voida said .
“ Most people did n’t want to listen to anonymous collections , even though they did n’t always want to talk to the playlists ’ creators , ” Grinter said . “ ….
They went to quite a bit of trouble to figure out which playlists belonged to whom .
It ’s a peculiar social phenomenon .
They do n’t want to live in a completely anonymous world , especially in the workplace . ”
Keith Edwards , also a former PARC researcher who is now an associate professor of computing at Georgia Tech , added : “ iTunes was not designed for the not - quite - anonymous , not - quite - known user .
And it ’s not clear Apple wants to go in this direction . ”
The researchers concluded : “ One of the greatest challenges for technical innovation in music sharing may be in allowing designers to make the leap between treating music sharing technologies as personal music listening utilities and treating music sharing technologies as online communities .
Although music sharing has traditionally been a strong indicator of group identity and has reflected shared musical taste , our study of iTunes music sharing has demonstrated that even groups with disparate musical tastes can form strong group identities . ”
RESEARCH NEWS & PUBLICATIONS OFFICE
Georgia Institute of Technology
177 North Avenue NW
Atlanta , Georgia 30332 USA MEDIA RELATIONS CONTACTS : Georgia Tech -- gtresearchnews@gatech.edu ; Jill Warner , PARC ( 415-593-8400 ) ; E-mail : ( jillw@text100.com ) .
TECHNICAL CONTACTS :
1. Amy Voida ( 404-385-1102 ) ; E-mail : ( amyvoida@cc.gatech.edu )
2. Beki Grinter ( 404-385-6782 ) ; E-mail : ( beki@cc.gatech.edu )
3. Keith Edwards ( 404-385-6783 ) ; E-mail : ( keith@cc.gatech.edu )
WRITER : Jane Sanders
The CHI 2005 paper is available from the media relations contacts listed above .
iTunes is a trademark of Apple Computer Inc. , registered in the U.S. and other countries .
LifeStraw TM : body
Click on the images to study them
How did this design improve life ?:
So far the product is not marketed yet , but after intensive laboratory tests we are now conducting field tests to observe where the filter could be improved for users .
Users or consumers are defined as most people in the 3rd world , and they will benefit by having the possibility of clean water with this pipe filter .
The worlds greatest killer is diarrhoeal diseases from bacteria like typhoid , cholera , e. coli , salmonella etc.
With LifeStrawTM , which lasts for one persons annual needs of clean water , nobody needs to die from these diseases .
This design is made with special emphasize on avoiding any moving parts , to disregard spare parts , and to avoid the use of electricity , which does not exist in many areas in the 3rd world .
But as you need force to implement the filtering , we have chosen to use the natural source of sucking , that even babies are able to perform .
We have managed to produce this product at a price that people in this business find hard to believe , but we have found it essential to be able to present a price to the consumer in the 3rd world that they find affordable .
When fully used in the 3rd world this will indeed be a LifeSaver .
Name of Designer(s ) :
The original idea was created by Torben Vestergaard Frandsen , but over the years 2 additional persons have been involved in this , Rob Fleuren from Holland and Moshe Frommer from Israel .
Designers professional status :
Professional
Status of realization :
Realized
Kind of design :
Tangible
Produced by :
The design is produced by Vestergaard Frandsen in China
Year of production , realization or publishing :
2005
Designed in country :
Denmark
Used on continents :
Africa , Asia , South America
Short description of design :
The LifeStraw is a 25 cm long straw / pipe filter , 29 mm wide diameter in plastic .
Functionallity and use of design :
When water is sucked up it is met by ever finer textile filters in order to filter out dirt and sediments , as well as clusters of bacteria .
In the centre of the pipe several medias , including iodine , will kill and withhold remaining bacteria , viruses and parasites , as well as improve the taste of the water .
The main goal , to kill bacteria , is done up to log 7 – log 8 , according to laboratory tests .
Better than municipal tap water in many developed countries .
Drawbacks of life improvement :
If we were not able to control the output of iodine there could have been a draw back there , but with the existing iodine deficiency in most 3rd world communities , WHO would have appreciated if we had had a higher release of iodine .
We have , however , chosen to put in so much granulated active carbon , that no consumer shall discard the filter due to chemical taste .
Research and need :
Being a textile company we tried originally for many years to reach this design only by using textiles , but eventually we realised that textiles could only be part of the solution and that additional media , especially killing media had to be applied .
For about a year we also tried to combine textiles with only carbon , but realised then , that bacteria and viruses were building up in the carbon .
Only when combining it with the iodine did we realise we were on the right track .
Then a lot of time was spent searching globally for the best of the various products we needed , and when they were at hand , a long and tedious way had to be followed to find the right position , quantity and size of each component .
Poll : Democrats lead GOP by double digits
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Democratic Party Republican Party Opinion Research Corporation or or Create Your Own
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A CNN poll released Wednesday may continue the anxiety for the GOP , showing Democrats with a 14 - point advantage over Republicans among registered voters asked their preferences in this year 's midterm elections .
The poll , conducted for CNN by Opinion Research Corp. , found that 52 percent of respondents who were registered voters said they were leaning toward voting for a Democrat , while 38 percent said they were leaning toward a Republican .
Ten percent said they did n't know how they would vote or that they would choose a candidate not from the two major parties .
( Watch what is pulling down the president 's approval rating -- 2:07 )
Among all Americans , the poll found 50 percent leaning toward Democrats , 37 leaning toward the Republicans and 3 percent intending to vote for non-majority candidates .
Ten percent had no opinion
The poll , based on telephone interviews with 1,021 adult Americans between Friday and Sunday , had a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .
( View the poll results -- PDF )
Republicans are suffering politically , the poll suggested , because nearly half of the Americans interviewed said they think the country is on the wrong track .
Forty - six percent of respondents said they believed things were going well and 53 percent said they felt things were going badly .
Two percent had no opinion .
The question had a margin of error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points .
The figures are nearly reversed from what a similar CNN poll found in February , when 51 percent of respondents said they thought things were going well and 47 percent said things were going badly .
Republicans enjoy a 29 - seat majority in the House and a 10 - seat majority in the Senate , but political watchers say those majorities , especially the one in the House , may be threatened .
Democrats would need to pick up 15 seats to regain the House and six seats to take control of the Senate .
Rep. Roy Blunt of Missouri , the No. 3 Republican official in the House , told CNN he is n't worried about his party losing power .
" Between now and [ the midterm elections ] , the Democrats are going to be forced to define what they 're for , " said Blunt , who is the majority whip .
" That 's going to work to our advantage as it works to our advantage to have a chance to explain what we 're for . "
Congressional Republicans have also been weighed down by the public 's low opinion of President Bush 's job performance .
A CNN poll released Monday found Bush 's approval rating was 34 percent -- an uptick of 2 percentage points from the most recent CNN poll in late April .
( Full story )
The president 's disapproval rating was 58 percent , down 2 points from the previous poll .
( View Bush 's latest approval numbers )
The poll , also done by Opinion Research Corp. , was based on interviews of 1,021 adults .
Both shifts are within the poll 's sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .
More than half of those who disapproved of Bush 's job performance -- 56 percent -- said the war in Iraq was the reason .
( Read the full poll results -- PDF )
Thirteen percent said the recent increase in gas prices had fueled their displeasure .
Twenty - six percent gave other reasons .
Because that question was asked only of those who disapproved , it had a different sampling error -- 4 percentage points .
Jacob Weisberg
George Bush seems less likely to be remembered as a disastrous American president than as an ultimately insignificant one .
Despite his ambition to reshape American politics and society in the order of a Reagan or a Thatcher , Bush has presided over a period of national and economic drift that more closely resembles the forgettable reign of his father .
The main goal of the Bush presidency was to transform the American electorate by creating a durable Republican majority .
Karl Rove , the architect of Bush 's political career in Texas and Washington , has drawn an implicit analogy between his own role and that of the legendary fin- de - siècle political boss Mark Hanna , who served President William McKinley in the 1890s .
Hanna was McKinley 's political brain in the way Rove is Bush's .
McKinley was an affable , not - too - bright former congressman when Hanna helped to elect him governor of Ohio .
In 1896 , Hanna raised an unprecedented amount of money , and ran a ruthless and sophisticated campaign that got McKinley to the White House .
One could go on with this analogy .
McKinley governed negligently in the interests of big business and went to war on flimsy evidence that Spain had blown up the USS Maine .
The key to McKinley 's success was the alliance Hanna forged between wealthy industrialists like himself , who provided cash , and workers , who provided votes .
In the Bush version , the rich again provide the cash and religious conservatives provide the votes .
The wealthy have been rewarded with tax cuts , the evangelicals with hard - line conservative policies on abortion , gay rights and a school prayer .
Bush 's re-election victory last year seemed to vindicate his and Rove 's strategy of attempting to turn the country to the right .
Though it was hardly a landslide , Bush did , unlike in 2000 , win a genuine , popular endorsement of his policies .
But a year later , that re-election victory looks like an aberration , explained more by factors such as a weak Democratic opponent rather than any sea-change in American politics .
Less than a year into Bush 's second term , his approval rating has fallen to less than 40 % , which approaches the nadir for any modern president at any moment in his tenure .
This has happened at a time when the US economy , usually a reliable predicter of presidential popularity , has continued to grow robustly , oblivious to Bush 's irresponsible fiscal policies and neglect of global competitiveness issues surrounding America 's education and health care systems .
Many things have gone wrong for Bush , most notably everything that has happened in Iraq since he declared " Mission Accomplished " in the spring of 2003 , but the underlying problem is his relationship to the rightwing constituency that elected him .
Bush 's debt to his big donors and to religious conservatives has boxed him in and pitted him against the national consensus on a range of issues .
It has proven impossible for Bush to satisfy both the militant conservative base and the eternally moderate US electorate .
The president has never understood the brilliance of Ronald Reagan 's way of dealing with this conflict .
Reagan managed to appease the religious right with rhetoric , without actually forcing retrograde changes on divisive social issues .
Reagan also placated conservatives by challenging the growth of the public sector .
This is a theme Bush has soft - pedalled , preferring to allow federal spending and deficits to rise .
Whether because he is less adroit or because he truly believes what he says , Bush seems able to appease his conservative evangelical base only by surrendering to its wish - list .
He has caved in to conservatives on issues including stem - cell research , pension privatisation and the teaching of " intelligent design " in schools .
With his most recent Supreme Court nomination , Bush has given in further , creating at least the appearance that he is trying to get enough votes to remove the constitutional protection for abortion rights .
Through such choices , Bush propels his increasingly beleaguered administration further towards the right - hand margin - a place where his party cannot win future national elections .
Possessed of the notion that he had won a mandate for radical change and enshrined a new governing majority , Bush lost sight of the eternal moderation of the American electorate .
Now even rock - ribbed conservatives who face re-election next year are running away from any association with Bush because of his unpopularity .
When it comes to America 's relations with the rest of the world , the damage Bush caused may take longer to repair , but his historic influence is unlikely to be any more durable .
He will bequeath to our next president the remnants of a negligently planned entanglement in Iraq , but not any coherent American approach to foreign policy or international economics .
· Jacob Weisberg is the editor of Slate.com and the author of the " Bushisms " series
Kathleen Parker
The marriage between President George Bush and his base is like any other - fraught with tensions and imperfections .
So much so that , to appraise his popularity with those who brung 'em to the party , one might need to think in terms of the Ford Theatre 's most infamous drama : " Other than that , Mrs Lincoln , how did you like the play ? "
Other than Bush 's " fiddle - de- dee " Scarlett O'Hara approach to deficit spending ( " I 'll think about that tomorrow " ) , an immigration policy that threatens to turn the US into a private piñata for Mexico 's president , Vicente Fox , and a fuzzy relationship with the religious right that has even Catholics lurching for the balcony ... he 's still got a full orchestra pit .
Those most willing to give him a pass on domestic issues tend to be those who think it is critical that a Republican president restore conservatives to the federal courts , or who believe that the war in Iraq is of paramount importance , or who think both .
And there still are plenty who do .
These are the folks who , though they may share everyone 's dismay that the war has dragged on at greater cost in blood and money than many expected , tend to see the war in Iraq as part of the second world war : not just a skirmish over oil or an exercise in daddy - revenge , but as a systemic approach to an enduring problem , a theatre in a wider war against a new and virulent fascism .
But his domestic policies have been a mixed bag - so that the conservative party has become divided over the central question of what it means to be a " conservative " .
Is it about protecting unborn life or keeping government out of personal decisions ?
Is it about preserving " God " in the Pledge of Allegiance or about freedom from all belief ?
Is conservatism about controlling government 's appetites or about feeding the beast in the name of national security , even at the expense of civil liberties ?
Thus , contradiction and paradox have become bedfellows in the Republican party 's sleepover for the past five years .
And much of the confusion stems from Bush 's seminal decision - with the approval of the Congress , we feel compelled to note - to invade Iraq .
It is hard to make a case for fiscal conservatism when you are underwriting a war .
It is hard to keep government small when the mandate to prevent another 9/11 results in the creation of a mammoth new bureaucracy such as the Department of Homeland Security .
Bush 's spending habits cannot be blamed entirely on the war .
To true conservatives who vote Republican because they prefer limited government and low taxes , the president spends like a day - wager on a three - day drunk .
His is the visionary perspective of a man for whom perfectionism is neither flaw nor pathology , but an achievable goal .
Combine that philosophical perspective with the money - is - no - obstacle legacy of a born - rich kid , and you see Bush in New Orleans following Hurricane Katrina , no longer a mere compassionate conservative but His Majesty Comus astride his Mardi Gras float , tossing gold coins to the homeless and hungry .
Bush enjoys the further distinction of increasing spending more than his Democratic predecessor via passage of the pharmaceutical drug bill in 2003 - the largest entitlement since Medicare in 1965 .
And then there is his " No Child Left Behind " package that enhanced the federal government 's role in education more than any measure since the 1960s .
Which is to say , a large portion of Bush 's Republican base feels betrayed - even if some of their pain has been eased by recent reports of a healthy economy , new jobs , and a 20 - year low in unemployment ( 5 % as of this week ) .
The tax cuts did n't hurt , either .
Bush 's greatest failing may be his continued wooing of illegal immigrants at a time when his biggest supporters want secure borders and for whom Bush 's proposed guest - worker programme is a euphemism for amnesty .
His argument that " guests " will do the work that Americans are unwilling to do is viewed as an insult to the many citizens already waiting tables and cleaning hotel rooms , and suggests the same disconnect with working folk that plagued his father , who failed to recognise the scanner in a grocery store .
Not surprisingly , the most steadfast of his supporters are social conservatives who applaud Bush 's court appointments - surely his most lasting legacy .
By the end of his second term , Bush will have appointed more than half of the Appellate and US district judges .
He is also more than likely to fill three seats on the US Supreme Court , including Chief Justice John Roberts , Judge Samuel A Alito Jr and at least one more , possibly the multiple - niche - filling Viet Dinh , a Harvard - educated Vietnamese - American law professor and former assistant attorney general .
Only Baghdad Bob would insist that Bush is doing swimmingly at his five - year marker , but only a pessimist would deny that the night is still young .
The next three years may be enough time for Bush to reach an acceptable level of success in Iraq , which has to do more with leaving Iraqis in charge than in defeating every last insurgent / terrorist .
In the meantime , the president has accomplished much of what he promised , from arranging conservative courts to imposing trickle - down economic policies .
Those distressed by his performance must have been dozing when the curtain rose on The Bush Show , Part II .
· Kathleen Parker is a political commentator whose weekly column in the Orlando Sentinel is syndicated to more than 300 US newspapers
Howell Raines
At this point , the policy legacy of George Bush seems defined by three disparate disasters : Iraq in foreign affairs , Katrina in social welfare , and corporate influence over tax , budget and regulatory decisions .
As a short - term political consequence , we may avoid another dim- witted Bush in the White House .
But what the Bush dynasty has done to presidential campaign science - the protocols by which Americans elect presidents in the modern era - amounts to a political legacy that could haunt the republic for years to come .
We are now enduring the third generation of Bushes who have taken the playbook of the " ruthless " Kennedys and amplified it into a consistent code of amorality .
In their campaigns , the Kennedys used money , image - manipulation , old - boy networks and , when necessary , personal attacks on worthy adversaries such as Adlai Stevenson and Hubert Humphrey .
But there was also a solid foundation of knowledge and purpose undergirding John Kennedy 's sophisticated internationalism , his Medicare initiative , his late - blooming devotion to racial justice , and Robert Kennedy 's opposition to corporate and union gangsterism .
Like Truman , Roosevelt and even Lincoln , two generations of Kennedys believed that a certain amount of political chicanery was tolerable in the service of altruism .
Behind George W , there are four generations of Bushes and Walkers devoted first to using political networks to pile up and protect personal fortunes and , latterly , to using absolutely any means to gain office , not because they want to do good , but because they are what passes in America for hereditary aristocrats .
In sum , Bush stands at the apex of a pyramid of privilege whose history and social significance , given his animosity towards scholarly thought , he almost certainly does not understand .
Here is the big picture , as drawn by the Republican political analyst Kevin Phillips in American Dynasty .
Starting in 1850 , the Bushes , through alliance with the smarter Walker clan , built up a fortune based on classic robber - baron foundations : railroads , steel , oil , investment banking , armaments and materiel in the world wars .
They had ties to the richest families of the industrial age - Rockefeller , Harriman , Brookings .
Yet they never adopted the charitable , public - service ethic that developed in those families .
Starting with Senator Prescott Bush 's alliance with Eisenhower and continuing through the dogged loyalty of his son , George HW Bush , to two more gifted politicians , Presidents Nixon and Reagan , the family has developed a prime rule of advancement .
In a campaign , any accommodation , no matter how unprincipled , any attack on an opponent , no matter how false , was to be embraced if it worked .
The paradigm in its purest form was seen when the first President Bush , in 1980 , renounced a lifelong belief in abortion rights to run as Reagan 's vice - president .
His son surpassed the father 's dabbling with pork rinds and country music .
He adopted the full agenda of redneck America - on abortion , gun control , Jesus - as a matter of convenience and , most frighteningly , as a matter of belief .
Before the Bushes , American political slogans of the left and right embodied at least a grain of truth about how a presidential candidate would govern .
The elder Bush 's promise of a " kinder , gentler " America and the younger 's " compassionate conservatism " brought us the political slogan as pure disinformation .
They were asserting a claim of noblesse oblige totally foreign to their family history .
But whether Bush the father was pandering or Bush the son was praying , the underlying political trade - off was the same .
The Bushes believe in letting the hoi polloi control the social and religious restrictions flowing from Washington , so long as Wall Street gets to say what happens to the nation 's money .
The Republican party as a national institution has endorsed this trade - off .
What we do not know yet is whether a Republican party without a Bush at the top is seedy enough to keep it going .
Americans have had an ambivalent attitude toward their aristocrats .
They have also believed that dirty politics originated with populist machiavells such as Louisiana governor Huey Long and Chicago mayor Richard Daley .
The Bushes , with such minders as Rove , Cheney and Delay , have turned that historic expectation upside down .
Now our political deviance trickles down relentlessly from the top .
The next presidential election will be a national test of whether the taint of Bushian tactics outlasts what is probably the last Bush to occupy the Executive Mansion .
In 1988 , the first President Bush secured office by falsely depicting his opponent as a coddler of rapists and murderers .
In 2000 , the current President Bush nailed down the nomination by accusing John McCain of opposing breast - cancer research .
He won in 2004 with a barrage of lies about John Kerry 's war record .
With the right leadership , the US can stop the blood - letting in Iraq , regain its world standing , avert the crises in health care and social security , and even bring disaster relief to the Gulf Coast .
But that 's not simply a matter of keeping Bushes and Bushites , with their impaired civic consciences , out of the White House .
The next presidential campaign will show us whether these miscreant patricians have poisoned the well of the presidential campaign system .
If so , there is no telling what we kind of president we might get .
· Howell Raines is the former editor of the New York Times and author of a forthcoming memoir , The One That Got Away
Kitty Kelley
George Bush became " born again " when the bottom dropped out of the oil boom in Midland , Texas .
In the spring of 1984 , the town 's bank failed , fortunes crashed and overnight millionaires tumbled into life - wrecking debt .
In a desperate effort to rescue lives and restore morale , the church elders invited the evangelist Arthur Blessitt to stage a revival .
Blessitt was known as the man who had wheeled a 96lb cross of Jesus into 60 countries on six continents .
Midland residents lined the streets during the day and watched Blessitt roll his 12 ft - high cross through the boomtown gone bust .
Bush felt uncomfortable about attending the revival , but he listened to the broadcast .
On the second day , he asked a friend to arrange a meeting with the evangelist at a coffee shop .
Bush told Blessitt : " I want to talk to you about how to know Jesus Christ and how to follow him . "
The evangelist quoted Mark and John and Luke to George , who held hands with the two men , repented his sins , and proclaimed Jesus Christ as his saviour .
" It was an awesome and glorious moment , " said Blessitt .
He later wrote in his diary on April 3 1984 : " A good and powerful day - Led Vice - President Bush 's son to Jesus - George Bush Jr .!!
This is great .
Glory to God ... "
That conversion eventually led Bush to give up tobacco , alcohol and drugs at the age of 40 , illustrating the wisdom of philosopher and psychologist William James ( elder brother of the writer Henry ) , who said " the only radical remedy I know for dipsomania is religiomania " .
Ever since Bush came to Jesus , his religion has ruled his life and , as president , his policies reflect his fierce religiosity .
Within 48 hours of his first inaugural , he issued an executive order banning US government aid to international family planning groups that perform abortions or provide abortion counselling .
He also signed a bill that required that a foetus that showed signs of life following an abortion procedure be considered a person under federal law .
He later signed a law prohibiting partial - birth abortion .
The measure , which had been vetoed twice by President Clinton , was the most significant restriction on abortion rights in years .
Federal judges in Nebraska , San Francisco and New York ruled that the law was unconstitutional , but Bush did not care .
He had placated his evangelical base for his re-election .
By defining a foetus as a person , Bush had forced himself into taking a hard line against providing federal funds for embryonic stem - cell research - a decision that will hamper scientific research for decades .
Former First Lady Nancy Reagan , whose husband was dying of Alzheimer 's , urged Bush to back stem - cell studies .
Instead , he restricted federal funding to only 60 stem - cell lines , already in existence .
He felt his compromise was the perfect political , if not moral , solution .
He satisfied the religious right while giving something to moderates in his party who wanted the federal government to advance rather than hinder research into debilitating diseases .
Bush proposed several constitutional amendments to appeal to the 30 million evangelicals in the US , including a ban on same - sex marriage .
By executive fiat he allowed contractors to use religious favouritism in their hiring practices .
He also asked Congress to make it easier for federally funded groups to base their hiring decisions on a job candidate 's religion and sexual orientation .
The Rev Barry W Lynn , executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State , said the president had instituted " taxpayer - subsidised job discrimination " by allowing tax - payer - funded groups to hire and fire based on religious belief .
As president , Bush had crossed the constitutional line separating church and state .
Within days of taking office , he made federal funds available to faith - based groups that provided social services .
More than $ 1.1 bn was disbursed by his administration to Christian groups .
No Jews or Muslims received funds .
Over time , W's " faith - based initiative " came to look like a political pay - off to church groups to keep them voting Republican .
And it worked .
In 2004 , Bush was re-elected by 3.4 million religious conservatives , who , like him , oppose teaching evolution in schools , and insist on substituting a God - based version of " intelligent design " .
From Abraham Lincoln to Franklin Roosevelt , all presidents have invoked providence and appealed to a higher power , but Bush actually sees himself as a divine messenger .
" I trust God speaks through me , " he told an Amish community in Pennsylvania .
" Without that I could not do my job . "
After 9/11 , he told Richard Land , president of the Southern Baptist Convention , " I believe God wants me to be president . "
After the World Trade Centre attacks ,
Time magazine reported that the president spoke of " being chosen by the grace of God to lead at that moment " .
With messianic zeal , Bush took the country to war in Iraq against " evil doers " and , despite the lives lost and maimed , he , unlike a growing majority of Americans , has never questioned his policy .
" Absolutely not , " he said during the presidential debates .
" It was the right decision . "
· Kitty Kelley is author of Family : The Real Story of the Bush Dynasty
R Emmett Tyrrell Jr
With his detumescent polls , his unpopular war and his faltering domestic policy , George Bush is very much in the sorry state that an earlier president , Harry S Truman , found himself when he left office in 1953 .
Truman 's approval rating then was 23 % , worse than Bush 's present 38 % .
Truman was in a war he saw as an extension of the war against tyranny that his predecessor , Franklin Roosevelt , had fought and that Truman had successfully concluded .
Then , too , he was engaged in consolidating FDR's New Deal , a consolidation that earned him the profound resentment of the Old Order that he and FDR had replaced , the Republicans .
Alhough Truman was viewed a failure , he is now esteemed as one of the " near - great " presidents .
He was inspired in the 1940s by high - minded ideals , as was FDR , who perceived Hitler 's threat to our civilisation perhaps even before Winston Churchill .
Truman , too , was an enemy of tyranny ; in March 1947 , he told a joint session of Congress : " I believe that it must be the policy of the US to support free peoples who are resisting attempted subjugation by armed minorities or by outside pressures . "
This was called the Truman Doctrine .
Today , with minor emendations , it might be called the Bush Doctrine .
Like Truman , Bush will be adjudged a failure or a success on the outcome of his " support of free peoples " .
His foreign policy is his greatest gambit .
It is not his foreign policy , however , that explains his weakness in the polls .
At roughly 38 % , it is down from his natural approval rating of 45 - 48 % .
The erosion has been from his conservative base .
He was elected by the growing conservative disposition within America to consolidate the policies of the first epochal president since FDR - namely , Ronald Reagan .
As FDR in 1933 began the age of big government in America , Reagan in 1981 began the era of alternatives to government .
Bush came to the White House believing he would continue the Reagan regime .
He has won significant victories - for instance , tax cuts that have led to 10 straight quarters of near 4 % growth in GDP , with low unemployment and usually low inflation .
He continued the Reagan policy of free trade with his Central American Free Trade Agreement , though he has occasionally parted with free trade for political expedience .
With the successful nomination of John Roberts as chief justice of the Supreme Court , and with at least one conservative justice on the way , he has continued the conservative drift in the judiciary .
Yet his conservative base feels he has failed to keep down spending .
He has failed to champion various hot - button matters that ephemerally inflame each constituent group in the conservative amalgam : piety for the people of faith , deregulation for the economic conservatives , attention to immigration for the national security - conscious .
But these are distractions .
The main point is that Bush has to leave the presidency with a healthy economy , which he probably will , and stability and something like democratic government in Iraq , which I believe he is closer to achieving than his critics contend .
One thing is certain .
He will leave the White House with many Americans furious with him , much as Truman did .
Most of those who seethed at Truman were Republicans from the Old Order , with a few conservative Democrats along for the wrathful ride .
Those who seethe at Bush are from America 's present Old Order - to wit , Democrats , who have been steadily losing power nationwide and who now hold power mainly in the media and the universities .
They loathe this president .
They are proud of their anger .
The intensity of this anger is peculiar .
After all , Bush 's domestic policy is not that much different from Reagan 's and his foreign policy is pretty much in line with the doctrine that Truman lent his name to and which FDR would indubitably have approved .
How does one account for this dispendious wrath ?
More than principle or personal interest , politics is the domain of psychological need .
In the case of Bush , the need of a passing Old Order to have enemies .
· R Emmett Tyrrell , Jr is the founder and editor - in - chief of the American Spectator
Dee Dee Myers
George Bush is talking again , and I do n't have a clue what he 's saying .
It 's not that he 's mangling his syntax .
That 's par for the course .
And while it's as amusing as it is disconcerting , I usually think I know what he 's trying to say ( though I do confess to being stumped by " more and more of our imports are coming from overseas " ) .
Bush is talking about Iraq , which is always confusing for those of us who like our words and facts to match .
He 's saying he 'll " settle for nothing less than total victory " .
And I 'm wondering : what in the world is total victory ?
Does it mean large numbers of American troops will stay until Iraq is a fully functioning democracy with a vibrant economy and the political will to help spread freedom across the Middle East ?
That could take , like , 100 years .
Or does it mean that we 'll stay until we stand up enough Iraqi police officers and soldiers to claim with a straight face that they can handle their own security ?
That could mean substantial troop reductions in time to prevent total defeat in next year 's mid-term elections .
I just do n't know .
But this is a familiar feeling for me .
I think I know what something means - until I hear George Bush say it .
My trouble with Bush 's words started early .
When he was running for president in 2000 , Bush said he was a " compassionate conservative " .
I thought I understood compassion and conservatism separately , but put them together and it might as well be cold fusion , a concept that , I confess , totally eludes me .
Five years later , I 'm still trying to get my head around it .
I guess cutting income , estate and capital gains taxes is the compassionate part , since the cuts really help the rich , who did have it awfully tough during the Clinton years .
Or perhaps that 's the conservative part , because I 'm pretty sure that adding $ 2.4trn to the national debt is n't .
Neither is vastly expanding the size of government .
Bush says he 's for " fiscal restraint " .
But during his first term , federal spending increased by $ 616.4bn - not that anyone 's counting , in the wake of 9/11 .
Obviously , I 'm not looking at this right .
But even when I do n't count the vast sums spent on defence and homeland security , Bush is still the most profligate president in 30 years ; domestic spending alone is up 36 % .
OK , so maybe the Congress is to blame .
Even though Republicans control the place , they do n't seem to have got the message about " fiscal restraint " ; they passed $ 91bn more in programmes than Bush requested during his first term .
Surely Bush fought hard to slow them down , refusing to go along with their mountain of cockamamie spending measures ?
Or not , since he 's the first president since John Quincy Adams ( 1825 - 29 ) to serve an entire term without vetoing a bill .
" Uniter " is another word that gives me trouble .
Bush says he is one .
Granted , he ran a campaign aimed at dividing the country , but who can blame a guy for wanting to win ?
He decided early on that he would forget about building a broad consensus for his second term .
That kind of talk is for sissies , like John Kerry .
Bush wanted a narrow victory , 50 % plus one - and that 's what he got .
But after the election , he said he wanted to be president of all the people , even the dummies who did n't vote for him .
And he welcomed us to just change our views so we could all agree together .
That was pretty big of him .
My list of confusing words and concepts gets longer all the time .
" Competence " is on the list .
George Bush promised us he was the first MBA president and would run the White House with cold - eyed efficiency .
And it 's very reassuring to hear him say that from Iraq to New Orleans , the government is doing a " heck of a job " .
Ditto torture .
The president says the United States does n't torture .
Boy , is that a relief .
Now if only I had a new word for what I saw at Abu Ghraib .
Let 's not forget " energy policy " .
I 'm sure there 's a good reason why Bush 's friends in the oil business ran up record profits while American consumers were choking on record prices .
I wish I had Bush 's ability to tell all those voices in my head to shut up .
Maybe I need to learn his squinty - eyed stare ; it certainly seems to have had the desired effect on the press corps .
I , too , want to believe that the world is black and white , that all problems have simple solutions , and that doubts are for the weak and faint - hearted .
I , too , want to ignore complexity and laugh in the face of contradictory facts .
I , too , want to be 14 again
· Dee Dee Myers is a political analyst and commentator , and a former White House press secretary in the Clinton administration
KISS 102-7 · The 80's to Now
Listen Now on iHeartRadio
In a recent post about Digg , I wrote : " it ’s obvious to see that Digg users are growing in power .
And while this could be a force for good , it also means that an unsupported claim on a blog could quickly be blown out of proportion . "
Unfortunately , this is exactly what happened to the O'Reilly contributor Steve Mallett , who was accused of stealing Digg 's CSS by an anonymous blogspot blogger .
This O'Reilly post explains more :
Steve Mallett , O'Reilly Network editor and blogger , was very publicly accused , via a Digg story , of stealing Digg 's CSS pages .
The story was voted up rapidly and made the homepage , acquiring thousands of diggs ( thumbs - up ) from the Digg community along the way .
There was only one problem :
Steve did n't steal Digg 's CSS pages .
The real story has now made its way onto the Digg frontpage , but the issue has led some bloggers to ( incorrectly ) criticize the " wisdom of crowds " philosophy .
Greg Linden responds by saying " Take a majority vote from people who do n't know the answer , and you 're not going to get the right answer .
Summing collective ignorance is n't going to create wisdom . "
Greg 's conclusion may sound logical , but it 's flawed .
Nat from O'Reilly makes the same mistake , saying : " This is a classic Web 2.0 problem : it 's hard to aggregate the wisdom of the crowd without aggregating their madness as well . "
But the problem is not that the wisdom of crowds does n't deliver good answers ( in fact it does ) - the problem is that Digg is not a true example of a wisdom of crowds system .
Let me explain ...
For the wisdom of crowds to work , every individual must work independently .
For example , if I ask 1000 people to guess the number of jellybeans in a jar and then average the results , I 'll get a fairly accurate answer .
However , if I allow the individuals to view the guesses of others before they vote , they may decide to give an answer which is similar to those given by other members of the group .
Hence , it is more likely that the average answer will be inaccurate .
The reason that Digg creates a mob mentality is that users can see how other members have acted before they vote .
Seeing that a hundred users have approved a story already makes you think that there must be some validity to it .
Instead of errors cancelling out , they are amplified .
However , if you could n't see those diggs , you would n't be so sure .
Richard MacManus refers to the problem as the groupthink at Digg , which is a good way to describe it .
You could argue that del.icio.us is more true to the wisdom of crowds than digg - since most people bookmark pages independently and for their own benefit ( rather than copying the bookmarks of others ) , groupthink is less likely .
But unfortunately del.icio.us is subject to all kinds of external factors that could lead to inaccuracies .
I 'm not a social scientist , so I expect this post has a few inaccuracies of its own .
Feel free to correct them in the comments - just make sure you do n't read the other comments first ! :)
PS .
I should probably add that I 'm a fan of Digg - I 'm just pointing out that its problems are not a reflection on the wisdom of crowds theory .
[ More from Steve Mallett , Venture Chronicles and others ]
— — ——
UPDATE : I 've added more comments on this over at Greg Linden 's blog .
I hope he does n't mind if I reprint them here :
Pete Cashmore said ...
Greg ,
This is n't really true .
In fact , ignorant people can make good collective decisions because their errors cancel out .
The problem is n't that the wisdom of crowds does n't work , it 's that Digg does n't reflect the wisdom of crowds as described by James Surowiecki .
More here :
Digg and the So - Called Wisdom of Mobs
6:43 AM Greg Linden said ...
Thanks for that link , Pete .
Wisdom of the mob .
Heh , heh .
I 'm essentially trying to make the same point as you , though you may have made it more clearly than I .
Majority vote may extract the wisdom of the crowd , or it may only extract the groupthink of the mob .
Hiding the votes before people have voted might help a little , but I think there has to be a better , more reliable ways to extract the wisdom from the crowd .
I think what you want to do is attempt to identify experts in the crowd , people with the necessary information to make the decision , and weight their opinions more heavily .
Slashdot discussions , Amazon customer reviews , many sites have early attempts at this , but obviously a lot more work needs to be done .
7:47 AM Pete Cashmore said ...
Greg ,
You 've missed the point .
The * whole point* of the wisdom of crowds is that the collective wisdom of a group can be * as good or better * than an expert or team of experts .
For instance , instead of hiring consultants ( " experts " by another name ) , companies should set up internal prediction markets so their employees can vote on issues relevant to the company .
Picking out " experts " is the last thing that Digg should do - this may actually lead to a less accurate / truthful result .
Instead , they need to remove the groupthink from the system .
One last point : is it actually a good thing for Digg if the stories are accurate and truthful ?
If the community cannot see how others are voting ( necessary to prevent groupthink ) , then the community aspect becomes weaker .
So while these measures might limit groupthink , it seems to me that it 's actually a shared sense of identity that holds the Digg community together .
To put it another way , Digg is more likely to survive precisely because of the inherent groupthink .
More at wikipedia .
Greg Linden said ...
Pete , I think we 're agreeing here .
I should n't have used the word " expert " .
That sounds like I 'm referring to one person in the crowd .
I meant making some effort to isolate the people in the crowd with an informed opinion .
Internal prediction markets work for exactly this reason .
If you go to the Iowa Electronic Market and plop down cash , you likely have a good reason to be asserting that X is true .
There is a cost to making a bet , so only people with informed opinions make bets .
Great point on how groupthink might help Digg succeed .
There certainly are news outlets that have benefited from creating a strong community with groupthink .
Pete Cashmore said ...
Greg ,
Understood .
So perhaps " editor " is a better word than " expert " .
Better still : " trusted people " .
I 'm not opposed to subscribing to " trusted people " , rather than topics .
In fact , if you subscribe to a member of del.icio.us you generally get better results than subscribing to a tag - what 's more , it 's spam free .
But there 's a tendency ( risk ? ) that we 're just trying to reintroduce the old - media hierarchies into this new " democratic " system .
If there are to be editors , it needs to be the case that anyone can be an editor , and users can subscribe to whichever editor they choose ( which might be what you 're suggesting ) .
If there are a limited number of editors , then you re-introduce the problems that new - media is trying to solve ( ie. news is dictated from above by a select number of people ) .
In fact , the word " editor " is so strongly associated with hierarchies that I 'd prefer to avoid it altogether .
Like I say , I 'm not suggesting that Digg should necessarily change - it may indeed be the ideal system if the aim is to foster a close community .
But if you wanted to create a new system that was less prone to groupthink AND avoid the introduction of traditional hierarchies , you might consider some of these ideas .
PS .
As you probably know , monetized prediction markets are more accurate , but setting one up means tackling all kinds of legal issues - it 's something I 've been considering for a while .
I spoke a bit about this in my post on Smarkets .
10:41 AM
Summary : Many design elements work for Amazon.com mainly because of its status as the world 's largest and most established ecommerce site .
Normal sites should not copy Amazon 's design .
It 's often good to copy the big guys .
When people grow accustomed to a certain design , following it in your own interface supports transfer of learning and thus increases usability .
If you 're designing an application , follow the lead of Microsoft Office — for example , use a floppy - disk icon to denote " save " ( even though nobody saves to floppies any more ) .
If you 're implementing a search feature , copy Google .
For ecommerce usability , Amazon.com used to be the model .
In 2001 , we evaluated the usability of 20 ecommerce sites and Amazon was the clear winner , scoring 65 % higher than the average of the other 19 sites .
Having the Web's best usability served Amazon well : sales increased by 126 % from 2001 to 2004 .
Of course , rather than simply copy any one site , it 's best to follow the hundreds of detailed research findings about ecommerce user experience .
But people often prefer to be told just one thing .
For many years , that one thing in ecommerce design was " Do like Amazon . "
No more .
Amazon has recently changed so much that the average ecommerce site will reduce its usability by emulating its design too closely .
Paradoxically , Amazon 's design may work well for Amazon itself .
The company is simply so different from other ecommerce sites that what 's good for Amazon is not good for normal sites .
What 's Bad About Amazon
Cluttered pages .
Amazon 's product pages are littered with extraneous features , ranging from a " Gold Box " over a " wish list spree " to promotions for reading glasses and other irrelevant products .
A single book page I analyzed contained 259 links and buttons .
It was so cluttered that key product information — like publication date , page count , and average review rating — was three screensfulls below the fold ( on a standard 1024 x 768 screen ) .
Cluttered pages might work for Amazon because its users are typically long - time customers who know the features and can easily screen them out .
Although first - time visitors are no doubt overwhelmed , by now they account for a tiny percentage of Amazon 's revenues .
( Internet - wide search feature .
A small part of Amazon 's clutter is caused by a search feature for the entire Web .
This is a violation of guideline # 52 for homepage usability : if people want to search the Web , they 'll go to their favorite search engine , not your site .
Amazon nonetheless offers this feature because it owns the featured search engine , A9 .
Promoting A9 likely provides sufficient business benefits to the overall company to compensate for lost sales caused by clutter on the main site .
But if you do n't own a search engine , do n't offer a Web - wide search .
Update 2015 : this web - wide search has now been removed . )
Advertising on product pages .
Amazon spends about two inches of each product page advertising other websites .
Although this generates revenue , the average ecommerce site should be ashamed if it can't make far more money selling to a hot lead who 's already investigating one of its own products .
Amazon 's position as the default place to buy books is so strong that it can afford to send shoppers off to other sites , knowing they 'll return later and buy the book anyway .
You can't make the same assumption .
Sell to your prospects , rather than throw them away .
Lousy UI for specialized product categories .
Try buying a Mozart concerto or a plasma TV on Amazon .
Unless you know in advance the exact product you want , Amazon 's category pages make it basically impossible to identify the best offerings .
Using a single ecommerce engine for thirty - one different product categories has fueled Amazon 's tremendous growth .
The cost to customers , however , is poor support for each product type 's special requirements .
If you 're selling classical music , you 're better off studying the best classical sites rather than copying Amazon 's design .
Something that works for popular music fails for a genre in which a single composer can be represented on thousands of CDs .
Lack of integration with its international sites .
It 's good that Amazon offers fully localized sites in six countries outside the United States , but there is no integration across the sites .
If you 're a French user looking at a book on the American site , for example , there 's no indication that you can order the same book from Amazon .
fr or that a French translation is available .
Also , third - party sites that recommend books are relegated to extremely awkward linking strategies when they want to support international users ( for example , " Get this book from Amazon in the U.S. , in the U.K. , or in Japan " ) .
Co-branding .
Amazon is leveraging its ecommerce engine to serve as the online platform for many other companies .
Much confusion results , as users do n't know what company they 're dealing with .
People understand the simple model of one company , one website .
Anything else is problematic .
For example , sometimes you think you 've ordered from Amazon , only to get email from a company you 've never heard of .
In these times of overflowing inboxes , we know that users are likely to delete such emails unread .
Usability problems also result when users are interested in a company that outsources its ecommerce to Amazon .
For example , we tested Toys - R - Us as part of our " clicks - and - mortar " study of store finders and locators : because Amazon handled the company 's online toy sales , people had great difficulty finding the address of a real - world toy store on the website .
What 's Still Good About Amazon
Confirmation email .
Except when they 're part of a co-branded sale , Amazon 's use of confirmation emails keeps users in the loop and increases their trust in the overall fulfillment process .
Fulfillment .
When you buy something , you get it .
In the rare case that there is a problem , you get a clear email telling you so .
Of course , that 's the way ecommerce should be , but all too often it 's not when you shop on other sites .
Amazon 's success with fulfillment clearly proves that the total user experience goes beyond the user interface .
Login screen .
Amazon 's sign - in screen remains a model to be emulated , minimizing the common problem of new customers who try to log in without having registered .
Amazon presents two questions in linear order : ( 1 ) " What is your email address ? " and ( 2 ) " Do you have an Amazon.com password ? "
For the second question , users can select one of two radio buttons : " No , I am a new customer , " or " Yes , I have a password . "
Many other sites present the new - and established - user sections side - by - side , and thereby divert new users to the established - user section through the magnetic attraction of type - in fields .
Relevant cross-sales .
" Customers who bought this book also bought " continues to be a stellar approach to cross-selling .
It almost always drags up other relevant products that the customer is likely to want .
Sample content .
One of the biggest challenges in ecommerce is alleviating people 's fear of getting either the wrong product or a low - quality one .
Online sales have a huge handicap here , because shoppers can't touch the merchandise .
To minimize this problem , get users as close to your products as possible in a virtual world .
Give them the specifics they need in a language they understand and show them meaningful pictures .
Amazon does this well , especially in using sample content , such as book excerpts and music snippets .
Comprehensive product selection .
Amazon lays claim to " earth 's biggest selection " and for once , a company actually lives up to its slogan .
We 've known since 1997 that users want comprehensive services on the Web , and Amazon fulfills that need , especially within their original focus of books .
If it 's published , they carry it .
Even better , they do n't remove a book from the site once it goes out of print ; instead , they offer a marketplace for buying and selling used copies .
The product page retains the same URL , even when the product status changes , thus avoiding the linkrot that plagues so many other etailers .
On balance , Amazon is still the world 's best ecommerce site .
Many of its strengths , however , are unique to its status and would not carry over to sites that emulate its design .
Full Report
The full report series with all our usability research on online shopping with actionable design guidelines for ecommerce sites is available for download .
« User Enchantment ... | Main | " be surprising yet self - evident " - Walter Murch »
Ultra -fast release cycles and the new plane
I just came back from dinner with my daughter Skyler ( that 's her in the picture ) .
She 's an extremely passionate myspace user .
In her words , " If you 're not on myspace , you do n't exist . "
So I asked what made myspace so compelling ... why did n't she fall in love with LiveJournal ?
Her answer is a lesson for software developers ( especially Web 2.0 - ers ) , and was a theme of SXSW :
" myspace keeps doing what everybody really wants , and it happens instantly . "
She said they respond to feedback , " As soon as you think of something , it 's in there . "
She said , " It 's always evolving .
It changes constantly .
There 's always something new . "
I asked if these changes were disruptive or made it harder to use when nothing stays the same , and she gave me that teenage - attitude - eye - rolling - what - a - lame - question look .
Then she said the weirdest thing of all : " myspace is like a whole new plane of existence . "
She was n't kidding .
And I thought of two things I heard at ETech and SXSW that were really thought - provoking ...
Danah Boyd 's astonishing talk at ETech and the talk by the guys from SkinnyCorp ( founders of Threadless ) .
On the culture of myspace :
If you have kids of any age , or customers under the age of 40 , or support an online community , I urge you to read Danah 's transcript ( the link above ) -- this woman knows as much about the culture of myspace as anyone , and she has a ton of insight and knowledge about online communities .
At a deep level .
( I consider her blog in my top 20 for sure . )
On lightning release cycles :
Skyler 's comment about how myspace keeps changing and growing organically , almost every day , is a passionate user 's view of what the developer 's call quick release cycles .
Where software developers are typically on release cycles of 6 months to a year , the Threadless guys said that even two weeks was a little long .
In fact , virtually all of the web 2.0 - ish folks at the conference mentioned these quick release cycles as crucial .
There are a ton of issues , obviously , like what happens when a new release breaks something that previously worked .
The Threadless guys said that happens , but only rarely , and they just do a rollback .
Skyler said she 's seen things break on myspace , but nobody seems to care much since they know it 'll probably be fixed tomorrow .
I wonder if quick release cycles become almost addictive to the end users ... we 're so used to thinking of how upset they 'll be when we change things , but clearly this is a different ( and frickin ' HUGE ) group of users who not only do n't mind the change -- they THRIVE on it .
Perhaps those quick releases are a little like quick fixes .
Code Crack .
The Threadless guys ( and the 37signals guys ) have said pretty much the same thing as Skyler did -- that some people may complain when you change something , and occasionally you might even lose someone from the community , but that it 's very rare for someone to stay upset .
One day the users are threatening to revolt if XYZ is n't put back the way it was , and the next day they 've all but forgotten .
So , quick release cycles and a new plane of existence .
I have to think about this some more ...
I 'd love to hear your thoughts about any of this !
[ UPDATE : there 's a lively discussion about how this relates to game development , on Raph Koster 's blog ( an excellent regular read for those interested in game design / dev ) ]
[ FYI -- I 'm still not current with my emails .
I 'm working on it , and I 'm home now for the next six weeks , so I WILL catch up . ]
Posted by Kathy on March 16 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83454e60e69e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Ultra - fast release cycles and the new plane :
» Paean to CL :
That 's craigslist to the rest of you from Perspective
Kathy Sierra writes about user communities , especially passionate users , and pointed the way to danah boyd 's lecture , if you had customers under 40 or were working on building communities .
( aside : what 's with 40 as the cut off age , anyway , she [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 12:37:41 AM
» Two Different Worlds We Live In from BPWrap - A Different Point Of View
Two Different Worlds seems to have a timeless quality as a concept , even though it 's now exactly 50 years since Don Rondo performed the original song .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 8:26:02 AM
» Getting high on code crack from innertee.com
Found an interesting post by Kathy Sierra at her Creating Passionate Users blog .
The post is regarding myspace and the concept of real - time development cycles used by myspace among others and how those fast dev cycles could become addictive .
I ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 11:22:06 AM
» Myspace , Agile , and Murdoch 's Internet from People Over Process
Susan August sent over this link about MySpace from Kathy " Creating Passionate Users " Sierra .
I 'm fascinated with MySpace .
While , I do n't like using it -- I find it a tedious and ugly roach motel -- I 'm interested in how other ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 3:47:14 PM
» Two Views of MySpace from IP Democracy
Anyone interested in the MySpace phenomenon might want to take a look at two recent posts that focus on very different aspects of the online social networking service .
Scott Karp , not one to shy away from controversy , calls MySpace “ ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 18 , 2006 1:56:03 PM
» võti from Tehnokratt !
kas ma tohiks esile tuua veel ühe väga nutika tüdruku kaheldamatult nutika tütre seisukoha , mis juhtumisi jälle myspace teemal : " myspace keeps doing what everybody really wants , and it happens instantly . "
Kathy Sierra : Ultra - fast release cycles and the ne [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 19 , 2006 9:28:48 AM
» Neophiles : Change for changes sake or just indiscriminate users ?
from The Otterman Empire @ work
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 20 , 2006 10:21:05 AM
» If you 're not on MySpace , you do n't exist ... from Hard News , Inc .
Sounds like the kind of bold assertion I might have made , back when the sides of my head were shaved , the top was painted blue and I was filled with the kind of rage that only comes when you are [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 21 , 2006 7:39:48 PM
» MySpace Sucks from firasd.org
One of these days ,
Im going to write about why I think Facebook is a much better implementation of the social networking concept than MySpace .
But until then , heres a transcript of a conversation with Nikkiana from a few minutes ago , rega ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 22 , 2006 11:42:18 AM
» My Space and Our Space from Weblogg -ed - The Read / Write Web in the Classroom
( Note : This post got away from me .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 27 , 2006 11:19:05 AM
» But What Have You Done For Me Lately ?
from 100 % Pure Petroleum Jelliffe
It seems to me like Flickr is stagnating .
What with all this talk about how Web 2.0 companies are constantly evolving , implementing changes in days , instead of months , I have n’t seen anything new out of them in a while .
I ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 18 , 2006 12:40:28 PM
Comments
Bah !
Myspace is banned at my workplace because it's ( according to our net nanny at least ) to do with personals and dating ( crikey , ca n't let the geeks date - they might end up breeding , and then where would we be ?! ) .
Livejournal 's pretty clued on the Web2.0 stuff too .
People moaned about LJ losing entries - now it auto - saves drafts every few seconds .
It uses Ajax for commenting on existing posts , you 've got to - do lists , a calendar archive of past posts , endless customisation limited only by one 's mastery of LJ 's style system , an integrated gallery system to store your pics , and there 's a plugin for iPhoto to upload photos .
Myspace has a reputation deservedly or not of being " for kids " - but at the same time being something of a stalking ground for paedos to hook up with unsuspecting kids ( there was a BBC news article about this a couple of weeks ago ) .
I 'd go with LJ any time - been a member since when it was invite - only .
Posted by : Matt Moran | Mar 16 , 2006 11:39:36 PM
As a younger reader , yet a college graduate , in the workforce , etc. myspace is simply great for keeping up with current friend , catching up with old friends , and sometimes meeting a new one .
nothing more complex than that .
It 's to whatever ends you make it to be .
Much younger people use it as a social hub , people my age use it as a resource to connect and reacquaint , those older analyze it , then beyond that people do n't " get it " and criticize and predict how it will be the end all to any real social interaction .
Meanwhile
Tom is laughing all the way to the bank . ;)
Posted by : russell Perry | Mar 16 , 2006 11:49:31 PM
There is no reason why normal software devs can't do the 2 week thing either .
However your user base generally does n't all download the new release as soon as it's online like you get with a website .
Instead you have a mish mash of current and old versions in your userbase .
Last year I spent 12 months on 1 release , but I averaged a beta build every 2 - 3 weeks for my email client .
I got smart and put the exact release info in the X - Mailer header so that when someone emails in a support request I know which build on what platform .
It 's just interesting that I mixed the 2 , both long cycle stable builds ( 1 per year ) and short cycle beta builds ( 2 per month ) .
People tend to focus on one little thing , and the quicker you respond to that thing the more they like you .
Posted by : Matthew Allen | Mar 16 , 2006 11:52:19 PM
Fast release cycles where things might break are fine for sites & web apps that are not mission critical in nature .
However , if you 're providing a web service that people - or more to the point businesses - truly depend on ... then cautious dilligence must be exercised when it comes to release cycles .
There 's nothing wrong with moving to fast release cycles , but when your app is mission critical to people or a business , your QA better be spot on or you will risk losing customers .
Fun sites like MySpace and Flickr can afford to have temporary issues because users will excuse them .
But if you 're running an online billing system , hosted CRM , online banking or hosted VOIP services - you can't afford to screw things up for your users .
At the end of the day , consistent quality is the key to keeping customers happy - and generating revenue for you
Posted by : Matt Smith | Mar 17 , 2006 1:52:18 AM
I 'm shocked .
I had no idea that MySpace rolled out new features .
I 've learned something today .
Posted by : Michael | Mar 17 , 2006 3:28:40 AM
Just curious about your top ten blogs
Posted by : Murray | Mar 17 , 2006 6:01:58 AM
Another thought provoking post , Kathy , for which thanks .
It resonated with another thought that 's at the top of my head at the moment .
Google in its just released Annual Report has comments about the Mobile Internet world .
It seems to me that there is n't just one inter-connected Internet world .
In fact we have parallel universes .
Here you 're talking about the Myspace Teenage world which seems to have very little overlap with other age groups and the spaces they move in .
Equally you have the Desktop space and the Mobile space .
Again so far very little overlap between them .
We certainly live in exciting times with boundless possibilities .
Posted by : Barry Welford | Mar 17 , 2006 7:32:22 AM
Yay !
I exist .
I 'm on the MySpace .
And I 'm old .
Posted by : Brian | Mar 17 , 2006 8:31:08 AM
I still think it would be interesting to do a real usability test of MySpace users .
I suspect that most people use a small portion of its full set of features , and probably use those the way I use my voice mail at work : by memorizing a series of commands that I do n't actually understand , but which work .
I wonder how much of the " as soon as you think of something , it 's there " really means : " I never noticed that before . "
I also suspect , with all respect to you and your daughter , that she 's overemphasizing the " mom , you just do n't get it " attitude for effect with some of her comments .
She 's gotta remind you that you 're not cool enough to really understand . ;-)
Posted by : Andrew | Mar 17 , 2006 8:41:49 AM
The " code crack " concept is certainly interesting , but I do n't know that I actually believe Skyler .
It 's like , if someone is * asked * why they love myspace , they have to come up with an answer ... and " new features " all the time seems like a legitimate answer ... so they give it .
but the real answer might be " i'm totally in love with this hot guy and i stare at his pictures all the time . "
Posted by : Jim Gilliam | Mar 17 , 2006 8:45:59 AM
One distinction that may or may not exist regards the audience you are targetting .
I think every reader of this blog in some way likes to think about developers passionate about their work making programs that users will be passionate about too .
A big part of this burden lies with the developer , but what about the user ?
You could give me a fantastic application that does something I really do n't care about , and I still wo n't be passionate about it .
Maybe there is some transcendent application that could make anyone passionate about it , but I think there are some limits to this .
So then the difficult lies with the user : what if the user does n't want to be using your program ?
Lots of people do n't like their jobs , and they use software at work .
These people want to just get their work done with a minimal amount of fuss , and it is these people ( among others ) who some developers have to worry about angering with frequent releases .
Sites like MySpace have a user community who wants to be using the application , and is therefore willing to put effort into improving their skills at using it .
But if you 're making software for business , then it is much harder to make any sort of similar claim that all your users really want to be using your program .
If everybody was doing a job they really liked doing , then I think frequent software releases would be more common .
( Ignoring for the moment where in the stack said software fits . )
Posted by : Anthony Cowley | Mar 17 , 2006 8:53:56 AM
I think an extension to the ultra - fast release cycle could include live betas .
Take GMail and Skobee as examples .
GMail is constantly unveiling new features , taking feedback and implementing new ideas .
Skobee just went live last week and is adding new features every day - users leave comments on the forums and before you know it , they 're working on it .
One cool thing about these constant updates , is that it involves the user in the development process , even just a little bit .
It makes me feel like I can direct how the software goes , even if I 'm not the one actively working on it .
I think I only get this feeling because of the _immediate_ feedback .
If I made a request and it gets implemented a few months later , I probably would have forgotten about it already .
Posted by : Skrud | Mar 17 , 2006 9:13:49 AM
I know of " mission critical " web - sites that deploy some portion of the web - site every week ... but what they deploy HAS been tested for more than a week .
Sometimes they have to retract a deployment , and they can do so within a day of discovering problems with the deployment .
Kent Beck 's " Extreme Programming Explained ( second edition ) " lists a practice " Daily Deployment " as one of the " advanced " practices .
It requires extensive automated testing , proper source - code - control , a " one- button " automated release / un - release process for internal testing an external deployment , and mastery of a whole set of agile skills .
Once you 've achieved this mastery , then daily deployment is feasible and not risky .
If you and your team have not achieved mastery of these hard - to - learn agile skills , then it seems impossible and impossibly risky .
Posted by : keith ray | Mar 17 , 2006 9:56:30 AM
Not sure if its kosher or not to post , but we just launched a service for keeping track of myspace profiles :
http://www.myspacewatch.com/
Posted by : Alex | Mar 17 , 2006 10:11:32 AM
It occurs to me that , in environments with slow development cycles , users are much less tolerant of " upgrades " which change , remove , or break beloved technology .
( Or even upgrades which do n't address their top priority request . )
On the other hand , if you experience the environment changing ultra-rapidly , perhaps you internalize it , and become more likely to forgive / tolerate .
( A parallel - I 'm more forgiving of a waiter who 's clearly swamped than one who 's inattentive on a slow night . )
I 'll also suggest that it 's instructive to consider how this could be implemented in services which we think of as " stable " or " mission critical . "
Who would want Clippy popping up every few days to tell you that a minor upgrade has occurred to Office ?
Posted by : Joe | Mar 17 , 2006 10:23:45 AM
Matt : " but at the same time being something of a stalking ground for paedos to hook up with unsuspecting kids "
Hmmm ... I have some first - hand , very ugly experience with what happens when the media thinks it is time to have a " Your teen in danger ?
News at 11 " thing .
I 'll have to tell that story sometime ... yes there are stalkers , but the extent to which this is new / exclusive to myspace , and how problematic it really is , is almost certainly WAY overblown .
But that 's a different issue ...
In many ways , myspace is starting to fill a role previously filled by cell phones .
Most teens today are moving away from voice and more toward text - messaging , and now Skyler ( through Cingular ) gets myspace alerts as messages to her phone .
When I mentioned Skyler 's you - don't - exist comment , she was not surprised at all and said that this is similar to what Japanese teenage ( girls , mostly ) were saying about their cell phones a few years back .
You were essentially invisible .
Matt : " consistent quality is the key to keeping customers happy - and generating revenue for you "
I think this depends entirely on who your customers actually are ... and of course how they define " quality . "
For most of us ( me especially ) quality is about how well things work ( including performance , usability , etc. ) but for these younger users ... " quality " might mean something much more dynamic .
I do n't really know , though .
Barry : Excellent points !
Brian :
Yes , you exist : )
Old ?
This is an interesting point ... in some ways , Skyler has said that -- shock - - even THIRTY year olds have been a part of some of their affinity - oriented groups simply because they 've become part of a particular myspace community .
Locally , here , I 'm thinking of the skateboarding community that Skyler moves in , which on the venn diagram has a high overlap with the urban art groups ( including the art school kids ) .
The age range when they meet up in the real world for either skating or an art slam is from 15 to 35 , most of whom have come together through myspace connections .
Andrew : Skyler would NEVER do something like that to her own mom ; )
Or at least not more than once a day ...
I do factor that in , though , when I have these conversations with her .
But I 've been watching her involvment and social life change dramatically as a result of myspace .
In fact , she claims -- and this I believe having seen the change -- that myspace has in some ways saved her from a very bad " rut " she 'd fallen into .
This is a teen who at one time appeared headed for depression , who is now more happy and " alive " ( her words ) than she 's ever been .
And she really does attribute the shift to the high adoption rate among her peers on myspace ( yes , she even used the word " adoption rate " , but that 's from spending too much time in the company of geeks ) .
Some day I 'll talk more about the adventures she 's had over the last year ...
Jim : I think you 're right about the pressed - for - an - explanation thing .
But I want to think more about what she * actually * said , because it was n't about " features " , exactly , but more about the dynamic nature .
She could n't even name a single feature that stood out as something she had been wanting -- it was more about some new evolution of the system and community .
I 'm not sure how to describe it , but it was less about " they add new features we ask for " and more about -- " the thing keeps evolving and changing all the time . "
In other words , it was almost as though " change for the sake of change " has some value with that group , assuming the specific changes are valuable to at least some portion of the community .
Anthony : good points , I have to agree .
Skrud : Yes !!!
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Mar 17 , 2006 11:23:08 AM
This topic has lit a spark in my mind ; will have to see where it goes ...
One thing that jumps out at me though is the " code crack " crack ; I think it 's about " newness " and " power " .
I know that even back in Paul 's ( of biblical fame ) day , people had an addiction to new things .
Acts 17:21 " All the athenians and the foreigners who lived there spent their time doing nothing but talking about and listening to the latest ideas . "
Also , by changing things frequently , you 're feeding into those passionate users ' natural tendencies ; and passion , as you know , is addictive and contagious .
Some other things that might tie in , but I 'm to tired to think about this morning : possible relationships between early adopters and patience / ADHD , and expectation management verses tolerance for brokenness .
As even Danah mentions , good luck controlling the burn in such environments .
Posted by : greenup | Mar 17 , 2006 4:08:42 PM
You ask ..
" I wonder if quick release cycles become almost addictive to the end users . "
We are in our genes novelty seekers , hard - wried to notice and enjoy little changes .
Like google 's little goofies .
The big changes are what scare us away .
Changes can be too small , too .
Boring .
You know what you should read ?
I have two books you will love , well , I think you would based on what I read here .
1. The Mating Mind by G Miller
2. The Mind of the Raven , Bernd Henrich .
We can't fly like ravens and we do n't have their taste for carrion , but like ravens , we sure do like novelty .
Blog on , party people .
We enjoy reading what you write .
Posted by : n&s | Mar 17 , 2006 4:52:28 PM
Kids have been getting hooked on this stuff for the last two decades .
I started 22 years ago BBSing when I was 8 y/o , my brother started when he was 4 y/ o .
Before Myspace it was Friendster , vbulletin , etc .
Hopefully the Myspace people will advance to Wordpress w/ something like http://gravatar.com/ to implement " friends " lists .
Posted by : Myspace Pro | Mar 18 , 2006 10:55:21 AM
n&s says : " We are in our genes novelty seekers , hard - wried to notice and enjoy little changes . "
Yes , but I think we also need to challenge the extent to which this can also be an addiction - people are addicted to rapid change as a way of avoiding slowing down and facing a difficult reality .
Looking for the next change can be like looking for the next fix .
Technology , including games , can have a role feeding this addictive process .
I 'm not sure what the solution is , I just think we have to watch out for it .
Posted by : Sean FitzGerald | Mar 18 , 2006 12:17:21 PM
Funny , only days before I read this I 'd gone to check someone out on LinkedIn and thought " If you 're not on Linked In you do n't exist . "
Shows what " space " I 'm in !
Posted by : Susie Wyshak | Mar 20 , 2006 10:43:26 AM
1 ) I deleted my myspace because its closed nature and ugliness irrate me .
Call me a codger , but I 'm not stressing the loss - i still exist .
2 ) The concept of " addiction to fast release cycles " is EXACTLY how I feel about Consumating .
I know they 're constantly adding bits , and I love it .
Posted by : thedaniel | Mar 21 , 2006 2:46:54 PM
You know what 'd be cool ?
If myspace had a way of blocking you from seeing pages with horrificly bad design .
Of course , clicking in between the two remaining pages might loose its appeal quickly , but at least it could no longer be the kind of site that people who know the first thing about web design cringe at .
Oh well .
Give 'em what they want .
Posted by : anon | Mar 22 , 2006 1:56:04 PM
I 'm a love journal user and I must admit that it has n't changes a lot to my needs from the time I began to use it .
Posted by : Helen , software developer | Apr 4 , 2006 8:01:28 AM
I 've been a user of MySpace for about 2 years .
I disagree that MySpace is popular because of them rolling out features quickly .
MySpace is popular because of its community .
If formed a very large community early on , and it 's grown tremendously .
Technology - wise , MySpace is an abomination .
They are constantly having server problems , it 's impossible to even login to it during peak hours .
It 's like Friendster during the early days when they could n't handle the load .
They still have n't fixed bugs I 've complained about for the last 6 months .
Every week there is some message from Tom about some bug you should ignore because they know about it .
Yes , they add new features , but not particularly often and nothing that I want .
They 've mostly made things worse .
Some things they have slowly fixed once they realized what a huge mistake their design decisions were ( like allowing any HTML / CSS / Javascript in profiles and comments ) .
I use MySpace for the same reason I used to use AIM , because everyone I know is on it .
No other reason .
Posted by : n | Apr 10 , 2006 9:54:39 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
According to the folks at Cover The Uninsured Week there are around 45 million Americans without health insurance .
We hear a lot about the pros and cons of trying to establish a national health care system that would guarantee coverage for everyone and the debate about what to do about the uninsured has been going on for as long as I can remember .
I have n’t spoke up much about the issue myself because I ’m not really sure how to go about solving it .
I ’d very much like to see some form of national health care for all Americans , but I also understand that the cost could be overwhelming without some serious reforms to go along with it .
My apathy was probably helped by the fact that my job provides a pretty decent bit of health care for my family and most of my relatives have got coverage as well .
Today I woke up to news about one of my extended family members who was n’t as fortunate as I am .
My mother called and left a message on my answering machine about a death in the family .
Diane , a cousin of mine on my biological father ’s side of the family , lost her daughter , Debbie , sometime on Friday .
I ’ve mentioned before that there was a big age difference between my biological father and my mother which means that my cousins from my father ’s side are also older than I am such that Debbie , a first cousin once removed , and I are the same age .
I did n’t know Debbie all that well and only met her a couple of times that I ’m aware of , the last of which was at my mother and step - father ’s 25th wedding anniversary some five or so years ago .
She had attended in the company of my Uncle Clyde and I remember her as being very upbeat and fun .
I called my mother back to see if there were any more details and that ’s when I learned how Debbie had died .
It was n’t a bad car accident , as I had assumed , or a long term known condition such as a weak heart or cancer .
Debbie was killed by pneumonia .
That ’s right .
An easily treatable disease that is normally semi-serious to people our age only if left untreated .
Debbie had been sick for awhile with what she believed to be the flu , but she never saw a doctor for it because her family did n’t have health insurance and she could n’t afford to pay for the office visit herself .
Her husband is working a newspaper delivery route that does n’t offer benefits and I believe she was unemployed .
Her kids were at home with her when she died .
They called 911 first and then they called Diane who tried to talk them through CPR until the paramedics arrived , but it was to no avail .
Debbie was gone before the paramedics ever walked through the door .
Apparently Debbie never recognized just how ill she was as she never asked her mother for help .
Diane says had she realized how sick her daughter was she would have given her the money to go to the doctor , but Debbie assured her she was OK .
She was n’t OK and she ended up drowning in her bed because she could n’t afford an office visit .
When I heard this I was stunned and angry .
My heart breaks for Diane as I can only imagine the pain of second - guessing yourself over the death of your child .
So too for Debbie ’s husband and kids .
I barely know these people so my sense of loss was n’t immediate with the first phone message , but it hit home once I learned the details of what happened .
This sort of story probably happens many times every day in a nation with 45 million people living without health insurance and that ’s just insane .
We are one of the richest countries on the planet and the government seems to be able to magically pull trillions out of our collective taxpayer asses when they need to fight a war over weapons of mass destruction that do n’t really exist , but the moment someone suggests we invest in health care for every American there ’s suddenly not enough money in the world to pull that off .
Seems it ’s always a lot easier to find money to destroy lives than to save them .
Any one of us could end up in Debbie ’s shoes .
If I were to lose my job tomorrow then I would be in her shoes .
My sister already is in her shoes .
It ’s inexcusable in this day and age with as well - off as the country as whole is that anyone should be unable to get at least basic health care .
There ’s gotta be a way to make it work .
The question is :
How many more people have to have it hit close to home before it shakes enough of us out of our apathy to do something about it ?
Despite massive protests across the Islamic world , and in many European capitals , the US - led military operation had initially appeared to be successful .
The US , supported by British and Israeli special forces , had bombed 37 sites , including underground facilities in which Iran was said to be on the verge of making a nuclear weapon using its own version of P - 2 centrifuges .
The model for these had been originally supplied by AQ Khan , the rogue Pakistani nuclear scientist .
US forces had taken down Iran 's air defences and destroyed much of its air force .
Inevitably , there were civilian casualties - estimated by the Iranian government at 197 dead and 533 injured .
A Pentagon spokesman insisted that " collateral damage " had been confined to " an acceptable level " .
He claimed Iran 's nuclear weapons programme had been " knocked back to first base " .
The US navy had also successfully broken an attempted Iranian naval blockade of the Strait of Hormuz , one of the main arteries of the world 's oil supplies .
A US gunship had been damaged by an Iranian underwater missile attack , but with no loss of American lives .
In panic on the oil markets , the price of crude oil had soared to more than $ 100 a barrel , but the Bush administration had built up America 's strategic oil reserves and the new Clinton administration was able to draw on these .
European economies were worse hit .
As experts had predicted , however , the biggest challenge for the west was Iran 's ability to wage asymmetric warfare through Hizbullah , Hamas and its own suicide - bombing brigades .
The Islamic Republic had for years been openly recruiting suicide bombers through an organisation described as the Committee to Commemorate Martyrs of the Global Islamic Movement .
As early as April 2006 , it had held a recruitment fair in the grounds of the former US embassy in Tehran , claiming it already had more than 50,000 volunteers for operations against " the al - Quds occupiers " ( that is , Israel ) , " the occupiers of Islamic lands " , especially the US and Britain , and the British writer Salman Rushdie .
Recruits could also sign up through the internet ( www.esteshhad.com)
While Hizbullah and Hamas provided the infrastructure for the Tel Aviv bombings , the key to the attacks on London and New York was the recruitment of British and American Muslims through this group .
The man who detonated the dirty bomb at Euston station , Bradford - born Muhammad Hussein , had been secretly trained by the Committee to Commemorate Martyrs at a camp in northern Iran .
With hindsight , it appears that the turning point may have come in the spring of 2006 .
Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , having proclaimed his intention to wipe Israel off the face of the earth , announced that his country had already successfully enriched uranium and hinted that it had the superior P - 2 centrifuge technology .
Whether true or not , these claims effectively destroyed the last hopes of achieving a diplomatic solution through negotiations led by the so - called E3 - France , Germany and Britain .
A long , tortuous diplomatic dance followed , with China and Russia eventually agreeing to minimal UN sanctions on Iran , including visa bans on selected members of the regime .
These had little perceptible impact on the Iranian nuclear programme , but were successfully exploited by the regime to stoke up an always strong national sense of victimisation .
Meanwhile , the exposure of the clumsy channelling of US government financial support through a California - based monarchist exile organisation to a student group in Isfahan was used as a pretext for a brutal clampdown on all potentially dissident groups .
Several show trials for " treason " were staged despite international protests .
This produced a further hardening of US policy in the last years of the Bush administration .
In the 2008 US presidential campaign , the Democratic candidate , Hillary Clinton , felt compelled - perhaps against her own better judgment - to use the Iran issue to demonstrate that she could be tougher than John McCain on national security issues .
When she came into office , she was already committed to preventing Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon , by military means if necessary .
Meanwhile , the Iranian regime had abandoned all restraint in its pursuit of that objective , calculating that its own best chances of survival lay in the swiftest possible acquisition of a nuclear deterrent .
In February 2009 , an alarming intelligence report reached Washington , suggesting that Tehran - using a secret cascade of its version of the P - 2 centrifuge - was much closer to obtaining a bomb than had been thought .
In a series of crisis meetings , President Clinton , her new secretary of state , Richard Holbrooke , and her new secretary of defence , Joe Biden , decided that they could afford to wait no longer .
Operation Gulf Peace , for which the Pentagon had long made detailed contingency plans , started on March 6 2009 .
Washington claimed that it had legal authorisation under earlier UN security council resolutions sanctioning Iran for its non-compliance on the nuclear issue , but these claims were disputed by China and Russia .
Most European countries did not back the operation either , producing another big transatlantic rift .
However , under enormous pressure from his close friends among US Democrats , the British prime minister , Gordon Brown , reluctantly decided to give it his approval , and allowed the token deployment of a small number of British special forces in a supporting role .
This provoked a revolt from the Labour backbenches - led by the former foreign secretary , Jack Straw - and a demonstration of more than 1 million people in London .
Even the Conservative leader , David Cameron , mindful that a general election was expected soon , criticised Brown 's support for the American action .
Brown therefore postponed the British election , which had been provisionally scheduled for May 2009 .
Instead of an election , the country experienced a tragedy .
Meanwhile , President Ahmadinejad faced a presidential election in June 2009 .
Unlike Brown , he was riding high on a wave of national solidarity .
Even the many millions of Iranians disappointed by his failure to deliver on his material promises , and those who despaired of their country 's international isolation , felt impelled to rally round the leader in time of war .
Many prominent Americans criticised the US military action .
Some claimed to know that the presidential spouse , Bill Clinton , was privately among those critics , although in public he was loyalty itself .
But Dr Patrick Smith of the Washington - based Committee for a Better World , which had long advocated bombing Iran , demanded of the critics : " What was your alternative ? "
www.timothygartonash.com
There are different kinds of meetings in IT companies .
Some make sense , and others do n’t ; some are interesting , and others boring .
Specifically , we can categorize meetings into two different types , as far as developers are concerned :
The short meeting .
In this type of meeting , the developer is n’t present at all until a technical question pops up .
This results in someone running to the developer ’s desk asking the developer to please attend the meeting for a minute .
When the developer enters the room , the question posed from someone in the puzzled meeting crowd will be along the lines of “ Is it possible to export Excel files to XML , and then print the XML ? ”
Now , the answer to this question is always “ Yes , that ’s technically possible . ”
Ask a cook if it ’s possible to boil 10 fish heads for a week and them stack them up vertically on a plate , and you ’ll get the same answer .
When the developer turns around to leave the meeting room he ’ll be thinking “ Yes , it ’s possible , but no sane soul on earth would ever wanna do that ” but that ’s really besides the point .
The long meeting .
Now , with long meetings for which the developer is asked to be present at all times , we can further subdivide into two groups : 1 . Non-developers listen and talk .
This one might end up being a constructive meeting .
Surviving it is a breeze .
2. Non-developers talk , but never listen .
This one is a bit more tough .
From a developer perspective it ’s useless to try to say something in those meetings , but that ’s not necessarily bad .
There are two cases here ; a ) the non-developers tell you something interesting , and b ) the non-developers tell you something old , boring and redundant .
