What shall we call this , Frodroid or Droyo ?
Either way , an Android 2.2 update has been made available for Motorola 's all - conquering slider , and it awaits eager firmware upgraders at the download link below .
Produced by the good folks at My Droid World , this includes almost everything you 'll need to get your Froyo on in style , though it excludes WiFi support at this stage .
Such is the way with unofficial upgrades , but if you really need consolation , there 's a whole set of superuser privileges to explore as this bad boy comes pre-rooted .
You could of course skip this whole community business and wait for Moto 's official update , but that company 's idea of the " near future " is about as precise as the length of a piece of string .
Rolling Stone 's Tim Dickinson has written a stunner of an article called " The Spill , The Scandal and The President . "
It 's damned heartbreaking to learn that yes , at least in Interior , this really is the third Bush term :
The administration 's response to the looming threat ?
According to an e-mail to a congressional aide from a staff member at MMS , the agency has had " zero contact " with Atlantis about its safety risks since the Deepwater rig went down .
Most troubling of all , the government has allowed BP to continue deep - sea production at its Atlantis rig – one of the world 's largest oil platforms .
Capable of drawing 200,000 barrels a day from the seafloor , Atlantis is located only 150 miles off the coast of Louisiana , in waters nearly 2,000 feet deeper than BP drilled at Deepwater Horizon .
According to congressional documents , the platform lacks required engineering certification for as much as 90 percent of its subsea components – a flaw that internal BP documents reveal could lead to " catastrophic " errors .
In a May 19th letter to Salazar , 26 congressmen called for the rig to be shut down immediately .
" We are very concerned , " they wrote , " that the tragedy at Deepwater Horizon could foreshadow an accident at BP Atlantis . "
Even worse , the " moratorium " on drilling announced by the president does little to prevent future disasters .
The ban halts exploratory drilling at only 33 deepwater operations , shutting down less than one percent of the total wells in the Gulf .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , the Cabinet - level official appointed by Obama to rein in the oil industry , boasts that " the moratorium is not a moratorium that will affect production " – which continues at 5,106 wells in the Gulf , including 591 in deep water .
Excuse me , I think I have to go scream now ...
[...]
Salazar did little to tamp down on the lawlessness at MMS , beyond referring a few employees for criminal prosecution and ending a Bush - era program that allowed oil companies to make their " royalty " payments – the amount they owe taxpayers for extracting a scarce public resource – not in cash but in crude .
And instead of putting the brakes on new offshore drilling , Salazar immediately throttled it up to record levels .
Even though he had scrapped the Bush plan , Salazar put 53 million offshore acres up for lease in the Gulf in his first year alone – an all - time high .
The aggressive leasing came as no surprise , given Salazar 's track record .
" This guy has a long , long history of promoting offshore oil drilling – that 's his thing , " says Kierán Suckling , executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity .
" He 's got a highly specific soft spot for offshore oil drilling . "
As a senator , Salazar not only steered passage of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act , which opened 8 million acres in the Gulf to drilling , he even criticized President Bush for not forcing oil companies to develop existing leases faster .
Salazar was far less aggressive , however , when it came to making good on his promise to fix MMS .
Though he criticized the actions of " a few rotten apples " at the agency , he left long - serving lackeys of the oil industry in charge .
" The people that are ethically challenged are the career managers , the people who come up through the ranks , " says a marine biologist who left the agency over the way science was tampered with by top officials .
" In order to get promoted at MMS , you better get invested in this pro-development oil culture . "
One of the Bush - era managers whom Salazar left in place was John Goll , the agency 's director for Alaska .
Shortly after the Interior secretary announced a reorganization of MMS in the wake of the Gulf disaster , Goll called a staff meeting and served cake decorated with the words " Drill , baby , drill . "
Salazar also failed to remove Chris Oynes , a top MMS official who had been a central figure in a multibillion - dollar scandal that Interior 's inspector general called " a jaw - dropping example of bureaucratic bungling . "
In the 1990s , industry lobbyists secured a sweetheart subsidy from Congress : Drillers would pay no royalties on oil extracted in deep water until prices rose above $ 28 a barrel .
But this tripwire was conveniently omitted in Gulf leases overseen by Oynes – a mistake that will let the oil giants pocket as much as $ 53 billion .
Instead of being fired for this f*ckup , however , Oynes was promoted by Bush to become associate director for offshore drilling – a position he kept under Salazar until the Gulf disaster hit .
" Employees describe being in Interior – not just MMS , but the other agencies – as the third Bush term , " says Jeff Ruch , executive director of Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility , which represents federal whistle - blowers .
" They 're working for the same managers who are implementing the same policies .
Why would you expect a different result ? "
[...]
" People are being really circumspect , not pointing the finger at Salazar and Obama , " says Rep. Raul Grijalva , who oversees the Interior Department as chair of the House subcommittee on public lands .
" But the troublesome point is , the administration knew that it had this rot in the middle of the process on offshore drilling – yet it empowered an already discredited , disgraced agency to essentially be in charge . "
[ 11/21 Update : Show is now called Brew Masters !
Please see update here . ]
[ Please see update here to original press release . ]
EXPERIENCING THE WORLD ONE PINT AT A TIME DISCOVERY CHANNEL RAISES A GLASS FOR BREWED , NEW SERIES ON THE WORLD OF BEER ANNOUNCED FOR FALL 2010
( Silver Spring , MD ) – Beer is the drink of the masses .
If you look into a glass of beer you can see the past , present and future of mankind .
Cicero lauded it , Genghis Khan fought for it and now Discovery Channel celebrates it with a world premiere series , BREWED , exploring the culture , history and variety of beer .
Meet Sam Calagione : maverick entrepreneur , family man and owner of Dogfish Head Brewery in Rehoboth Beach , Delaware .
As an ambassador to the world of craft beer , Sam travels the world to experience what every culture brings to its own special brew .
In BREWED , Sam shows viewers the other side of the bottle , sharing the stories of beer sub-cultures as well as exploring life inside The Dogfish Head Brewery .
BREWED goes behind the scenes at Dogfish Head as Sam ’s merry band of creative brewmasters concoct new taste varieties .
“ BREWED taps more than just kegs and barrels , it unlocks a fascinating history of beer making , showcasing the ingenuity and passion behind our love affair with those alluring suds and how it played a role in building civilizations , ” said Clark Bunting , President and General Manager of Discovery Channel .
Running a successful business also requires inspiration , so BREWED hits the road for the ultimate beer tasting road trip .
Along with archeologist and beer expert Pat McGovern , Sam sets out to recreate “ ancient ales ” that have been discovered at sites around the world from Egypt to Peru .
He travels to Rome to research old world Italian beers as inspiration for a new site in New York with Mario Batali .
A visit to New Zealand introduces the idea of making the “ first tomato based beer . ”
And back home , Sam is tasked to come up with a commemorative beer called “ Bitches Brew ” to celebrate the 40th anniversary release of Miles Davis ’ famous recording .
“ Beer has always been my passion .
It is so much more than what you see in the glass .
I ’m excited to share the diligence , daring and creativity that we pour into our work , ” said Calagione .
BREWED is produced for Discovery Channel by Zero Point Zero Productions .
Chris Collins and Lydia Tenaglia are executive producers .
Tim Pastore is executive producer for Discovery Channel .
About Zero Point Zero
Zero Point Zero is a television and film production company founded in 2003 by Executive Producers Chris Collins and Lydia Tenaglia .
Since its inception the company has produced over 300 hours of nationally and internationally airing television programs , including the critically acclaimed and award winning series : Anthony Bourdain No Reservations and Diary of a Foodie .
In 2009 Zero Point Zero received five EMMY nominations , including a primetime nomination for Best Non-fiction Series for Anthony Bourdain No Reservations series and a win for Best Cinematography .
Other recent productions include the 2009 EMMY - winning Diary of a Foodie and 2010 EMMY nominated , Adventure ’s with Ruth for PBS ; the 2010 series , Brewed , for Discovery and Frontierman for History Channel .
This year the company will produce a landmark 100th episode of No Reservations , which features celebrity chef and New York Times best - selling author Anthony Bourdain ’s travels and explorations of food and culture around the world .
Specializing in distinct storytelling with a handcrafted look and feel Zero Point Zero has produced television shows in over 100 countries around the world .
About Discovery Channel
Discovery Channel is dedicated to creating the highest quality non-fiction content that informs and entertains its consumers about the world in all its wonder , diversity and amazement .
The network , which is distributed to 100.1 million U.S. homes , can be seen in over 180 countries , offering a signature mix of compelling , high - end production values and vivid cinematography across genres including , science and technology , exploration , adventure , history and in - depth , behind - the - scenes glimpses at the people , places and organizations that shape and share our world .
For more information , please visit www.discovery.com.
About Discovery Communications
Discovery Communications ( NASDAQ : DISAD , DISBD , DISCK ) is the world ’s number one nonfiction media company reaching more than 1.5 billion cumulative subscribers in over 170 countries .
Discovery empowers people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity through 100 - plus worldwide networks , led by Discovery Channel , TLC , Animal Planet , Science Channel , Planet Green , Investigation Discovery and HD Theater , as well as leading consumer and educational products and services , and a diversified portfolio of digital media services including HowStuffWorks.com .
For more information , please visit www.discoverycommunications.com.
[ Hat tip to @EvanBenn on Twitter for the lead .
Photo above licensed through Creative Commons from Flickr user , Kowitz . ]
Bureaucracy Standing In The Way Of Oil Spill Clean Up Efforts
Doug Mataconis · · 43 comments
One of the most frequently heard stories coming out of the Gulf Region over the past two months is the extent to which bureaucracy is standing in the way of efforts to cleanup the oil spill and prevent it from causing further damage to coast areas .
The most recent example of that can be seen in the Coast Guard ’s order barring ships designed to suck the oil off the water from sailing :
Eight days ago , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ordered barges to begin vacuuming crude oil out of his state ’s oil - soaked waters .
Today , against the governor ’s wishes , those barges sat idle , even as more oil flowed toward the Louisiana shore .
“ It ’s the most frustrating thing , ” the Republican governor said today in Buras , La . “ Literally , yesterday morning we found out that they were halting all of these barges . ”
Sixteen barges sat stationary today , although they were sucking up thousands of gallons of BP ’s oil as recently as Tuesday .
Workers in hazmat suits and gas masks pumped the oil out of the Louisiana waters and into steel tanks .
It was a homegrown idea that seemed to be effective at collecting the thick gunk .
“ These barges work .
You ’ve seen them work .
You ’ve seen them suck oil out of the water , ” said Jindal .
So why stop now ?
“ The Coast Guard came and shut them down , ” Jindal said .
“ You got men on the barges in the oil , and they have been told by the Coast Guard , ‘ Cease and desist .
Stop sucking up that oil . ' ”
A Coast Guard representative told ABC News today that it shares the same goal as the governor .
“ We are all in this together .
The enemy is the oil , ” said Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Dan Lauer .
But the Coast Guard ordered the stoppage because of reasons that Jindal found frustrating .
The Coast Guard needed to confirm that there were fire extinguishers and life vests on board , and then it had trouble contacting the people who built the barges .
I ’m not against martime safety , of course , but it strikes me as more than a little absurd that the Coast Guard it worry about life vests and fire extinguishers while the Governor of Louisiana is worrying about stopping the oil from entering the Louisiana marshes .
At the very least , it would seem reasonable that , in an emergency situation such as the one the Gulf Coast has been in since April 20th , the enforcement of rules like these could be modified so that they do n’t interfere with actual productive work .
If there is a reason to fault the Federal response to the oil spill , I think it can be found in actions like this where the blind adherence to rules stands in the way of reasonable efforts to get the job done .
Steel Reserve , classified as a " high gravity lager " .
Also known as simply " two eleven " most commonly has a alcohol content of 8 .
1 percent .
Comes in silver and black cans , bottles are presently being fazed out .
A bastard version of less than 5 percent exists in the State of Utah , though only sold for the technicality of it all due to the mormons .
Depending on a persons alcoholic tolerance , the following applies to a typical experience with the 211.1st Tall can .
Major buzz starting to unfold after the last sip .
2nd Tall can , Walking becomes a challenge3rd Tall can .
Lost ability to walk , now focused on crawling .
4th
Tall can ,
All of a persons ability to think to himself is lost and all subconscious and conscious thoughts are effectively excommunicated out the mouth .
.5th Tall can , Very rarely has every been attempted .
If one utters a barely recognizable sentence it is considered the equivalent of obtaining a PHD at Berkley .
6th
Tall can ,
The only way to experience the 6th is in the afterlife after your blood becomes 100 % alcohol .
A version of this FPIF commentary will also appear on the Triple Crisis Blog , global perspectives on finance , development , and the environment .
The Deepwater Horizon disaster has the familiar ingredients of deregulation , deception , and destruction that characterize the relations between governments and multinational corporations .
It was a man -made disaster , like Chernobyl .
And like the global financial crisis , it all started with the explosion of a bubble , this time of methane gas .
The Wages of Deregulation
In 2008 the Bush - Cheney duo lifted the executive order banning offshore drilling , and the House of Representatives agreed to let a 26 - year - old moratorium on offshore drilling expire .
Deregulation was moving full speed ahead .
Monitoring agencies were unable to keep pace with British Petroleum ’s ( BP ) operations .
Marine biologist Rick Steiner , an expert on oil spills from the University of Alaska , has documented how BP cut corners in its hurry to disconnect and prepare for a production rig .
In addition Steiner reveals the blowout preventer ( BOP ) was not built as designed , included some demonstration parts , and had a failed battery .
Offshore drilling operations in Norway and Brazil use acoustic triggers and remote control cut - off devices to enhance the capacity of BOPs to work adequately .
But a report commissioned by the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) stated “ acoustic systems are not recommended because they tend to be very costly . ”
Was former vice president and oil man Dick Cheney behind the Department of Interior ’s decision not to mandate the valve for off - shore oil rigs ?
Nor did the U.S. government mandate the simultaneous drilling of relief wells , as required in Canada ’s Arctic .
Only now , with the failure of the “ top kill ” technique , is BP drilling these wells , and they wo n’t be functional before August .
The MMS also routinely overruled its staff of biologists and engineers , who had raised concerns about the safety and environmental impact of certain drilling proposals in the Gulf and in Alaska .
The U.S. government permitted BP and other oil companies to drill with cutting - edge technologies without the usual permits .
Were the government regulators doing their job of regulating , or were they in bed with the industry ?
Parallels to Financial Crisis
British Petroleum bragged about being at the frontier of technology .
Goldman Sachs and the other behemoths of the financial world also claimed to be at the cutting edge of financial innovation .
They all lied , hid information , and speculated behind a facade of corporate professionalism built through their advertising campaigns .
Just like the derivatives that took junk assets into every balance sheet of financial institutions , the Deepwater Horizon disaster has no frontiers .
The gushing oil will eventually threaten not only Cuba and Mexico , but it will end up reaching the Gulf Stream .
It might even make it to England and several world financial centers .
Many are the scams concocted in the financial world , from structured investment vehicles carrying subprime mortgages to credit default swaps and short - selling .
They call it business on Wall Street , but it ’s really weapons of mass financial destruction .
British Petroleum also has a long list of accidents and incidents , all leading to the loss of life and oil spills ( including the explosion in its refinery in Texas City in 2005 that cost 15 lives ) .
There will probably be no bailout for BP , but there already exists a liability cap of $ 75 million .
That cap is invalid in cases where criminal negligence exists .
The U.S. Attorney General has already launched a criminal investigation .
Already there is circumstantial evidence that BP ’s technicians altered the sequence of events and ordered the removal of drilling mud before the cement cap was put in place in order to gain time .
This was done in spite of the fact that BP was already working with a damaged blow - out preventer .
If this is confirmed , BP will have a hard time convincing authorities that this was just an accident .
Who ’s in Charge ?
BP has used more than 800,000 gallons of oil dispersant Corexit on the surface and underwater .
Corexit is manufactured by Nalco , whose board includes at least one BP executive .
Because Corexit is less efficient and more toxic than other dispersants , the Environmental Protection Agency requested that BP use another dispersant .
BP quickly overruled this request , showing who ’s in charge .
As he came into the White House , Obama became a hostage of the financial system and essentially gave Wall Street a free hand in solving “ its ” problems .
For weeks after the rig exploded , BP appeared to be the main entity in charge of the response to the oil spill .
Obama ’s lack of firm leadership has prompted comparisons with Katrina .
But in fact , the similarities with Chernobyl are stronger .
Katrina was a natural disaster , while the Deepwater Horizon is a man-made catastrophe related to greed and cost minimization .
Just as the global financial and economic crisis is entering its most dangerous phase , the oil spill is now developing into a catastrophe that will affect ecosystems and livelihoods for decades .
It is more like Chernobyl than anything else .
When Unit 4 in Chernobyl exploded on April 26 , 1986 , it not only caused the worst disaster in the history of nuclear technology .
It also shattered the technological prestige of the Soviet Union , boosted concerns about the nuclear safety of the remaining plants and forced Soviet authorities to be less cryptic .
Ultimately , Chernobyl ushered in the demise of the Soviet Union .
Perhaps the destruction of the Deepwater Horizon will open the way for a new era of accountability and the end of corporate capitalism in the United States .
Britain ’s next chancellor will oversee the start of the most sustained squeeze on public spending in at least 60 years .
Without huge tax rises , government departments will have to cut around £ 37bn from their budgets by 2013 - 14 .
Yet all three main parties refuse to explain how at least £ 30bn of these savings will be found .
To illustrate the scale of the challenge , the Financial Times has simulated the next three - year spending review , highlighting the type of decisions the next chancellor will face if taxation stays on the same path .
In the game , you can chose to match the Conservative , Labour or Liberal Democrat pledges to protect certain areas of spending .
Alternatively you can opt to be a chancellor free of party constraints .
To make the exercise simpler , we ’ve excluded party proposals to cut spending , showing only the total amount of savings each party must find .
It also assumes any proposed tax changes are adequately funded .
This graphic represents an admittedly rough guide to the next spending review .
But it does reflect what is broadly being discussed , behind the scenes , in Westminster and Whitehall , and the unpalatability of the choices ahead .
It is a debate that has , so far , been strangely absent from the election campaign .
Content description Launch the UK deficit - buster
This content requires an Adobe Flash plugin for your browser .
Your plugin is either missing or out of date .
Please install the latest plugin by clicking the button below .
A note on the graphic :
The game is designed merely to be indicative .
To keep it manageable , each of the 32 examples saves at least £ 1bn of spending .
In practice , many smaller cuts are available .
Scrapping the child trust fund or educational maintenance allowances , would each save around £ 500 m a year .
Some options currently being debated – for example scaling back Trident – are longer term .
They do not save enough over the three year period to be included .
Many of the savings are England only , given that a range of activities , including health and education , are devolved responsibilities .
And there are , of course , many other options for cuts big and small , many of which are even more unattractive to politicians .
The FT estimates for savings are only approximate .
Some options involve redundancies that would have costs , so the total savings could be lower .
Others have been ruled out by certain parties .
To hear them tell it , the officers who apprehended 39 - year - old David Pyles on March 8 thwarted a mass murder .
The cops " were able to successfully take a potentially volatile male subject into protective custody for a mental evaluation , " the Medford , Oregon , police department announced in a press release .
The subject had been placed on administrative leave from his job not long before , was " very disgruntled , " and had recently purchased several firearms .
" Local Law Enforcement agencies were extremely concerned that the subject was planning retaliation against his employers , " the press release said .
Fortunately , Pyles " voluntarily " turned himself over to police custody , and his legally purchased firearms " were seized for safekeeping . "
This supposedly voluntary exchange involved two SWAT teams , officers from Medford and nearby Roseburg , sheriff 's deputies from Jackson and Douglas counties , and the Oregon State Police .
Pyles had n't committed any crime ; nor was he suspected of having committed one .
The police never obtained a warrant for either search or arrest .
They never consulted with a judge or a mental health professional before sending military - style tactical teams to take Pyles in .
" They woke me up with a phone call at about 5:50 in the morning , " Pyles says .
" I looked out the window and saw the SWAT team pointing their guns at my house .
The officer on the phone told me to turn myself in .
I told them I would , on three conditions .
I would not be handcuffed .
I would not be taken off my property .
And I would not be forced to get a mental health evaluation .
He agreed .
The second I stepped outside , they jumped me .
Then they handcuffed me , took me off my property , and took me to get a mental health evaluation . "
By noon , Pyles had already been released from the Rogue Valley Medical Center with a clean bill of mental health .
Four days later the Medford Police Department returned Pyles ' guns , despite telling him earlier in the week — falsely — that he would need to undergo a second background check before he could get them back .
The Medford Police Department then put out a second press release , this time announcing that it had returned the " disgruntled " worker 's guns and " now considers this matter closed . "
There 's nothing wrong with looking for signs that someone is about to snap .
If he is waving multiple red flags , we 'd certainly want law enforcement to investigate .
And obviously if someone has made specific threats , a criminal investigation should follow .
But that 's a far cry from what happened to Pyles .
Pyles ' problems followed a series of grievances with his employer , the Oregon Department of Transportation .
" It was never personal , " he says .
" We were handling the grievances through the process stipulated in the union contract . "
( Pyles declined to discuss the nature of the complaints , citing conditions in his contract . )
On March 4 he was placed on administrative leave , which required him to work from home .
On March 5 , 6 , and 7 , after getting his income tax refund , he made three purchases of five firearms .
Pyles describes himself as a gun enthusiast who already owned several weapons .
All three purchases required an Oregon background check , which would have prohibited the transactions had Pyles ever been convicted of a felony or a misdemeanor involving violence or been committed by the state to a mental health institution .
Pyles says he has no criminal record , and he says he never threatened anyone in his office .
( Later reports confirmed that Pyles never made any threat of violence . )
The Oregon State Police , the Medford Police Department , and the Oregon Department of Transportation did not respond to requests for comment .
" In my opinion , the apprehension of David Pyles was a violation of Oregon 's kidnapping laws , " says James Leuenberger , a criminal defense attorney who is advising Pyles .
" He definitely deserves to be compensated for what they did to him , but even if he wins a civil rights suit , that will just result in the officers ' employers paying for their mistakes . "
That means the final tab will be paid by Oregon taxpayers , not the offending cops .
" I want these law enforcement officials held personally responsible , " Leuenberger says .
" I want them criminally charged . "
It 's hard to see that happening .
Joseph Bloom , a psychiatrist at Oregon Health and Science University and an expert on civil commitment law , says the police who apprehended and detained Pyles likely were acting within the state 's laws .
Bloom says the police are permitted to decide on their own to take someone in for an evaluation , and that there 's no requirement that they first consult with a judge or a mental health professional .
Bloom believes this is a wise policy .
" It 's important to remember that this is a civil process , " he says .
" There 's no arrest .
These people are n't being taken to jail .
It 's not a criminal action . "
SWAT teams , guns , and handcuffs … but not a criminal action ?
And what if Pyles had refused to " voluntarily " surrender to the police ?
" Well , yes , " Bloom says .
" I guess then it would become a criminal matter . "
If what happened to Pyles is legal in Oregon or elsewhere , we need to take a second look at the civil commitment power .
Even setting aside the SWAT overkill in Medford , there 's something discomfiting about granting the government the power to yank someone from his home based only on a series of actions that were perfectly lawful .
Even if the apprehension of Pyles was legal , the seizure of his guns was not .
Civil commitment laws do not authorize the police to search a private residence .
According to Pyles , he closed the door behind him as he left his home .
Because the police did n't have a search warrant , they had no right to enter Pyles ' home , much less take weapons that he bought and possessed legally .
" For me , " says Pyles , " this is about civil rights .
This seems like something the NRA and the ACLU can agree on .
South Oregon is big gun country .
If something like this can happen here , where just about everyone owns a gun , it can happen anywhere . "
Radley Balko ( rbalko@reason.com ) is a senior editor at reason .
If you have an app available , you probably have an accompanying website for it .
As someone who tries and buys a lot of software , I see many such websites during the average week .
Some are great , but most make the same few mistakes again and again .
I want to share some tips for making software product websites that do n’t turn customers away .
This is all common sense stuff , but it ’s incredible the number of companies that do n’t seem to understand these points .
The key to selling anything ( and that does n’t have to mean selling for money ; it could just mean making sure your product is seen and considered by people , whether it ’s free or not ) is to empathise with the customer ; try to be the person you ’re selling to .
Many app websites screw this up , and usually it ’s because they have n’t designed with the customer ’s priorities in mind .
Let ’s run through those priorities .
Priority 1 : LEARN
The first thing your customer wants to know is what the app does .
Again : tell them what it does .
That ’s your tagline , right below the product ’s name ( or even above / instead - of the product ’s name , right at the top of the page ) .
The customer does n’t care about your arty background - image or your creative vision ; they want to know if this app does the thing they want .
You ’ve got about 8 seconds to describe it in a way that confirms it does the thing they want , then they ’re gone .
Make sure it ’s one sentence , and not a paragraph - length one either .
This is your single point of failure in marketing ; get it right , and make sure it ’s seen before anything else .
The second thing your customer wants to know is what the app looks like .
Embed a screenshot in your main page , ideally above the fold .
Scale it down if you like , but do n’t aggressively crop it so that the thumbnail is meaningless .
Do n’t ever make the customer click through to another page just to get their first glimpse of your app ’s UI ; you ’ll haemorrhage potential sales , and deservedly so .
This is also an appropriate place for some notes regarding video screencasts :
A screencast is n't a replacement for an initial embedded screenshot .
Customers do n't care about your video , and do n't have time for it .
If a customer kindly loans you 30 seconds ( or whatever ) of their time to watch a video , they 'll hate you if you waste it with your stupid swishy mood - intro , with music you think is energetic and compelling and atmospheric but which sounds like the kind of thing your customer 's teenage daughter would listen to .
Get to the point ; you 're on borrowed time and you 're building a hate - debt by the second .
Either have a professional - sounding voiceover , without pauses and " um "s , with great audio quality , or do n't have a voiceover at all .
Superimpose explanatory text titles instead .
Be honest with yourself about how your voice sounds .
If you 're the typical male engineer , your voice is probably going to be a major turn - off , and you probably can't do talk - along without pausing , making various noises , and restarting your sentences .
Get someone else to do it , or use text .
The third thing your customer wants is a summary of your app ’s functionality , in slightly more detail than the punchy description we already discussed .
Just be sure not to go overboard with the feature - list ; you definitely want a “ big deal stuff ” versus “ lots of little due - diligence , assumed to be present and correct stuff ” division .
Put the big - deal stuff on the main page , and link to the big pat - on - the - head list .
Your customer probably does n’t care about trivial things like dock - badges or spellchecking or a customisable toolbar ; talk about what ’s distinctive , and limit the main page to your actual selling points .
Note , however , that the primary selling point will always be user experience rather than actual functionality - if you do something commonplace in a new , better way , then your customer needs to know about it .
Priority 2 : TRY
Your “ Download ” link should be the most obvious link / button on the page .
It should be screamingly obvious , and gigantic if need be .
It should always be more obvious than the “ Buy ” link .
Your customer is n’t ready to buy ; they want to try it first ( and yes , on the iPhone / iPad App Store these actions are one and the same , and it ’s terrible , and we hope it will change in the future , etc ) .
If you make it easier to find the Buy link than the Download link , you ’re throwing money away .
Never , ever make people sign up just so they can download your app ( unless it ’s dependent on an account for a service ) ; they wo n’t bother .
Best case , they really need to download it , so they ’ll probably sign up with false details , and will definitely hate you .
Starting off with hatred is n’t a sound business policy , Adobe .
Do n’t make them give an email address .
Do n’t pre-check the “ subscribe to newsletter ” box .
Do n’t pretend that you need to “ prepare ” their app for download , so you can show them some marketing ; just let them click to download the thing , then go away and try it .
Seriously , what ’s wrong with you ?
Priority 3 : BUY
Congratulations , they actually want to buy your app .
Why are they even back at your website trying to find your online store ?
You should have linked them there directly from within the app .
If you did n’t , go back and fix that now .
I ’ll wait .
Of course , some customers looking to buy will just come back to your product page anyway , so we do need to cater to them .
The Buy link should be the next most obvious thing after the Download link .
It ’s not difficult to see why an obscure “ Buy ” link ( such as having to first find and click a “ Store ” link elsewhere on the page , perhaps in a navigation bar ) is going to immediately irritate and disenchant customers .
Do n’t be stupid ; make your Buy link obvious .
While you ’re at it , make the price obvious .
You know those restaurants with no prices on the menu ?
Or stores with no price - labels , or ( even worse ) “ please ask / call ” ?
Your customer sees those , and they think “ the prices must be outrageously expensive , and the company is ashamed of them ” .
Brilliant business strategy .
Be honest about your price : the app is either worth that price to your customer or it ’s not , and that ’s true whether or not they have to fight to actually see it .
Set a fair price , and put it on the main page .
Priority 4 : COMMUNICATE
Your customer may want to get in touch with you for some reason ; maybe they want to ask a question , or report a bug , or suggest a feature .
Communication is good , even if it ’s a complaint or bug - report .
People do n’t bother talking if they do n’t care .
Being angry is a kind of caring , and is a fantastic opportunity to make someone happy again ( indeed , making an angry person happy results in a far greater happiness than the kind you feel when nothing went wrong in the first place ) .
Make it easy for your customer to get in touch with you .
Have a contact form , at the very least .
A forum or FAQ or online support system is great , but it ’s not a substitute for being able to send a free - form message .
Never force your customer down a blind alley where they can only choose one of your pre-conceived support messages .
There should always be a “ just send us a message about something ” option .
It should be readily available , perhaps after just a single basic attempt at filtering their query or redirecting them to your online help .
Life tip : hiding from people makes them not trust you .
Priority 5 : ENHANCE
If your app can be extended or enhanced in some way ( themes / skins , levels , icon sets , plugins ) , you ’ll want to link those enhancements from the product page .
Do n’t squirrel them away in the Support section , but put them in their proper place priority - wise .
It would probably also be nice to link to them directly from within the app , in the theme chooser or plugins manager or whatever you have .
Priority a billion : EVERYTHING YOU CARE ABOUT
Your customer does n’t care about any of the other crap that you want to throw onto the product page .
Get rid of it ; put it elsewhere .
Here are a few examples I see most often :
Your app's or company 's Press Kit .
Could n't care less .
Do your marketing elsewhere ; the customer is already on your site .
Link your kit from your press releases , and maybe also from the contact page .
Get it out of the customer 's face - unless every last one of your customers is a journalist , in which case you probably have larger problems .
Buttons and Badges .
We all like the idea of our customers promoting and marketing our apps for us , and thankfully that 's what actually happens too .
The key point is that they do it when they want to .
Get your " Made with CoolApp " buttons off the main page ; include them with the app , or link them from somewhere .
Putting them on the main product page looks needy and desperate .
Customer testimonials .
These should be at the very bottom of the main page , if they 're there at all .
Your customers are n't idiots ; they know that reviews on your own site are cherry - picked and thus overall are hugely biased .
You 're trying to sell them something ; do n't make yourself seem any more slimy than the raw fact of commerce requires .
Unless the review is from a well - known or authoritative third party , it 's just not representative or trustworthy .
You might as well have your mother 's opinion up there .
Your other products ( unless very closely related ) .
Your customer is n't a groupie ; they 're probably not looking at this app just because you made it .
They 're considering it because it might do something they currently want .
Your other stuff is irrelevant ; get it off the page and keep it behind your navbar 's " Software " or " Products " link where it belongs .
Conclusions
Your customer ( or potential customer ) is doing you a favour by even looking at your app ’s website .
You ’ve got one chance to sell them something , and a hundred chances to fail ; stack the odds in your favour by using some common sense , and remembering what it ’s like all the thousands of times that you were the customer .
Be straightforward , have some self - respect , and do n’t be needy .
Do n’t try to emulate big - shot , billion - dollar companies ’ marketing either , for two reasons : ( 1 ) you ’re not a big shot , you ’re a small fry ; and ( 2 ) the big - shots ’ marketing is mostly awful anyway .
Next time you ’re investigating an app ( which if you ’re at all like me will always be sometime within the next 24 hours ) , take note of what aspects of its website irritate you .
There will almost always be at least a handful of annoyances .
Then go and take a look at your own app ’s site .
See anything familiar ?
I bet you will .
A received view in SOA and Web Services is the need for reliable messaging .
Reliable messaging is the guarantee that a message sent by a sending application is indeed received at the other end , and received only once .
One of the most common objections against REST is that REST does n't offer reliable messaging .
Stefan Tilkov writes : ' It ’s often pointed out that there is no equivalent to WS - ReliableMessaging for RESTful HTTP , and many conclude that because of this , it ca n’t be applied where reliability is an issue ( which translates to pretty much every system that has any relevance in business scenarios ) ' [ 1 ] .
Tilkov does not agree , of course , and prefers a solution on the application level .
Joe Gregorio made a similar point in RESTify DayTrader [ 2 ] .
Rightly so , the assumption : for business purposes we need reliable messaging , is simply false .
The reverse is true : from a business perspective , there is absolutely no need for reliable messaging .
If we have well - defined business semantics and business logic , separate reliable messaging is redundant .
Web Services and Reliability
Web Services offer a way of insulating message exchange details from business logic .
Basically the idea is we describe our business in terms of services ( i.e. ' browse catalog ' , ' place order ' , check order status ' etc. ) .
The services are implemented by exchanging business documents , which embody the business semantics .
If we use Web Services , the business documents are carried in SOAP Envelopes .
The SOAP Envelopes also may carry SOAP Headers , which implement pieces of messaging functionality : message security , integrity , addressing , reliability et cetera .
Each piece of messaging functionality is independent of the other pieces : i.e. it is possible to do message integrity without reliability , the reverse , neither or both .
The above picture highlights some important features of SOA as implemented using Web Services :
the business layer is independent of the messaging layer ;
Web Services add independent ' plug & play ' pieces of message functionality ;
message headers carry information on required messaging functionality .
Related Sponsored Content 3 Common Pitfalls in Microservice Integration – And How to Avoid Them
Web Services are not always reliable by themselves .
The basic problem : if I send a message , say I order a book , and through some netwok glitch the message never arrives , I get no book .
Simply resending the message would solve this , as scenario 1 shows .
However , if the message arrives , but the response is lost , resending will not work : if I 've ordered a book , I 'll receive two books in scenario 2 .
Reliable messaging solutions usually solve this problem through acknowledgements , duplicate detection and duplicate removal , as scenario 3 shows .
Web Services offer WS - ReliableMessaging [ 3 ] as the standard for reliable messaging .
WS - ReliableMessaging can offer several guarantees : that messages sent arrive at least once , at most once , exactly once and / or in order .
Since what one usually wants is that messages arrive once and only once , I 'll only discuss the ' exactly once ' and ' in order ' cases .
Let 's start with in order arrival of messages .
The Right Order
There is a friction between the guarantees of WS - Reliable Messaging and the ordinary processing of messages from a business perspective .
A common case where in - order processing is important , is in online banking .
If I transfer money from my savings account to my checking account , which is near - zero , and subsequently transfer money from my checking account to a third party , I want the money transfers to be processed in order : otherwise the second transfer might bounce due to insufficient funds .
I know this is important : my bank does n't offer in - order processing , and my transfers regularly bounce when I forget to submit them in two separate sessions ...
It seems WS - Reliable Messaging is ideally positioned to cure such situations .
However , on further inspection , it 's not that crystal - clear .
What does WS - Reliable Messaging do to achieve in - order processing ?
Unsurprisingly , it attaches an incremental sequence number to each message .
If the messages arrive out of order ( i.e. 2 - 1 - 4 ) , the WS - Reliable Messaging software at the receiving end waits till the missing messages arrive , and then submits them to the next layer which contains business logic in - order ( i.e. it submits 1 and 2 , waits for 3 , then submits 3 and 4 ) .
The first strange thing is that apparently the order is a property of messages which is important to the business layer .
So if it is important to the business layer , why is n't there a sequence number in the business message itself ?
We have a message , with its own business - level semantics , and the order is important : so why is n't there some element or attribute in the message , on a business level , which indicates the order ?
There are two possible answers .
First : there is also a sequence number in the payload , with business semantics regarding order attached to it .
If there is , why do we need WS - Reliable Messaging ?
It 's doing things twice .
Maybe , in a few cases , doing things twice may be the thing to do ( say my very fast and efficient WS - Reliable Messaging box can do this really really fast , and then the business layer receives only in - order messages and just checks to make sure ) but in general doings things twice makes me wary .
It introduces redundancy .
If the sequence indicators in the WS - Reliable Messaging headers and in the payload differ , what do I do ?
How do I make sure the same rules apply to errors in in - order processing in both levels ( say a missing message never arrives : do I submit none of the remaining messages , or all with an error condition , or alarm a human to sort things out ? ) .
Things will only work if both levels , WS - Reliable Messaging and business , conform to the same logic .
The second answer is : there is no sequence number in the business payload .
After all , one might say , we 've got WS - Reliable Messaging , so why do we need it ?
This , frankly , is turning the world upside down .
If the order is important on the business level , the business level needs to indicate order , ensure its proper processing and persist it as well .
If we make the order , important on a business level , dependent on the order in which messages are shoved into a WS - Reliable Messaging - bus at one side , and the order in which they come out at the other side , we make a permanent feature of the business logic ( order ) dependent on a transient feature of the message processing : the order in which they come out of a message bus .
The WS - ReliableMessaging sequence number is lost after the WS - Reliable Messaging bus has done its work , making any decent logging or auditing impossible .
Of course it is possible to attach a new sequence number to the messages , which indicates the order in which the messages came out of the WS - Reliable Messaging box , but still , without logging the entire WS - Reliable Messaging stream this carries little weight for serious auditing purposes .
And logging the entire WS - Reliable Messaging stream is certainly possible , but it all seems so much doing things at the wrong places .
Moreover , the in - order processing is not just a feature of the interaction between the WS - Reliable Messaging bus and the business layer .
If my bank has resulted from a merger of two banks , and my savings account happens to be in a different database than my checking account , on a different machine in a different location : then just submitting the messages from the WS - Reliable Messaging bus to the business layer in the right order does n't do the job at all .
The business layer needs to make sure the savings software and the checking software do their jobs in the right order too .
This example shows how deeply embedded in - order processing may be into the business logic .
Implementing this without order indicators in the message payload itself is insanity .
To summarize : if in - order processing of messages is a property of the business we 're conducting , we need order indicators in the messages on the business level , with appropriate business semantics and business logic attached .
If we follow this simple and sound design guideline , then we do n't need WS - Reliable Messaging .
Maybe in some cases using WS - ReliableMessaging might be more efficient .
From a business perspective , however , functionally there is no need for WS - Reliable Messaging in a properly implemented business layer .
Once , and Only Once
A similar line of reasoning applies to exactly - once delivery .
I 've got a message for you : and on a business level , it 's important that it 's delivered once and just once .
Say I have a book order : I do n't want to receive the same title twice , nor do I want it not at all .
Now , if it 's important to us , on a business level , that I get my book exactly once , what does the assurance that my message has been received exactly once really bring me ?
I want to know that your book ordering system has received it .
If the WS - Reliable Messaging bus accepts it , and subsequently the book system rejects it because I 've entered a wrong client number or a non-existent catalog item , knowing the message has been received brings me preciously little assurance .
And even when the message is syntactically and semantically correct , it 's no good if the title is out of stock : I want my book , not just the certainty my message has been received well .
If the processing of my message once , and exactly once , is important on a business level , I need to confirm the exactly - once processing on a business level .
As the figure below shows , the transport acks are pretty meaningless on a business level : we need the business ack .
Some may argue that the WSRM module should do syntax checks on incoming messages as well .
And of course a WSRM module could do most of the syntax check , say a schema validation .
But look at customer numbers , or catalog items : it is impossible to know whether a certain customer number or catalog item is a valid one without doing a database lookup .
And knowing whether a title is in stock is n't possible at all on a syntactical level .
There is no way to guarantee that a message will be acceptable to the business level without actually submitting it to the business level .
And if the business level may refuse my message , knowing the WSRM module has properly received it is not what I need .
I need a business reply , assuring my message has been accepted once , and only once , on a business level .
If receiving every message exactly once is important on the business level , the business level should respond with a message saying it has received , and accepted , the message .
Again , if this simple design guideline is followed , there is functionally no need for separate reliable messaging from a business point of view .
Let 's look at the ' exactly once ' requirement in some more detail .
Stating that it is important on the business level that every message is received exactly once , like it is in order processing , means that every message constitutes a unique business transaction .
Like with in - order processing , WSRM guarantees exactly - once delivery through attaching unique numbers to messages , acknowledging receipt , and possibly resending or duplicate removal .
Again , if every message is a unique business transaction , clearly there must be a unique id on the business level : an order id , a reservation number , some unique token .
And if we need such a unique token on the business level , the business level should assert it 's uniqueness .
Uniqueness on the business level should not be dependent on the transient uniqueness on the message level , but must be a persistent feature of the business message , and business semantics must guarantee it .
Idempotency to the Rescue
When the business logic requires in - order processing or exactly once delivery , I clearly need a business reply : the business reply is the only guarantee that , on the business level , my message was received and processed correctly .
Simply returning the business reply instead of all the WSRM magic does the trick , and way better than WSRM can do .
And what happens if we do implement unique business transaction ids and business acks on the business level ?
Basically we make every message idempotent on the message transport level .
If we have unique business id's , duplicate detection on the business level , and business acks , it is always safe to resend a message on the message level .
This makes reliable messaging a no - brainer : if I receive a HTTP 200 OK response ( or some other ' success ' response ) on my message , everything is fine : my message has been received , and if the business response is not sent in the HTTP response , I may wait till I get it .
Of course , in implementing the web service , we need to make sure the incoming message is stored on some persistent medium before we respond with ' 200 OK ' - otherwise the message would still be lost if a computer crashes .
But with WSRM we would need a similar guarantee , WSRM by itself does n't offer it .
And if I do n't receive a ' 200 OK ' through some communication glitch , it is safe to resend the now idempotent message until a response is received .
The Case of Dutch Healthcare
In the Netherlands , we 're setting up a national healthcare infrastructure .
All healthcare organizations will exchange information through a central Healthcare Information Broker .
All healthcare professionals with relevant credentials will be able to access information for their patients through the national exchange .
A national standardization organization , Nictiz [ 4 ] , develops the relevant national standards based on HL7v3 , the medical vocabulary and messaging framework , and Web Services .
Originally there was no standard for reliable messaging available : in 2003 and 2004 , the turf wars about WS - Reliability versus WS - ReliableMessaging where still going on , and we decided to use a temporary home - grown solution till the dust had settled .
In 2008 and 2009 we returned to the reliability issue : since the national exchange was coming up to steam quickly , the temporary solution was no longer viable .
We designed a solution based on WS - ReliableMessaging and decided against it .
Let 's look at some of the details .
In order processing was hardly relevant in our case : exactly once delivery was , or so we thought .
We use synchronous communication , SOAP over HTTP , where a message is sent as HTTP request and the business answer is carried over the HTTP response .
There are , simplifying a bit , two kinds of transactions :
queries , such as a query for a patients medication history , where the query response is returned as HTTP response ; orders , such as a medical prescription , where a business response ( usually a HL7v3 acknowledgement ) is carried over the HTTP response .
In the first case , queries , there is simply no need for reliable messaging .
If , through some communication glitch , the query or the answer is lost , the query can simply be submitted again .
Queries are safe : the state of the server is not changed in any way ( other than maybe traffic counters and other non-relevant side - effects ) .
For orders , the case is different .
If a GP sends a prescription to a pharmacist , it is important to know that is has been received , and received only once .
If all goes well , there is no problem : the GP sends a prescription , the pharmacist 's server returns an HTTP ' 200 OK ' response , and the GP 's application reports the prescription has arrived .
If things do not go well , there is a problem .
If the GP 's application does not receive a ' 200 OK ' response , what to do ?
If the prescription never arrived at the pharmacist 's server , it should be resent .
If it did not arrive , it may not be resent : that might be interpreted as a second prescription , not a duplicate .
However , prescriptions already carry an unique prescription id .
< Prescription > < id extension = " 0003000201 " root = " 2.16.840.1.113883.2.4.6.1.6005465.12.1 " />
This XML fragment shows the prescription identifier in HL7v3 format .
The ' root ' part is an OID , which is assigned to each healthcare provider 's application : no two applications will have the same root attribute .
The ' extension ' part is a local unique key for the prescription : the same number which appears in print on prescriptions as well .
Together they constitute a globally unique identifier .
Since the prescription id is unique , we require a receiver to check for double prescriptions , using the prescription id .
If a prescription is received twice , an error message is returned .
( In some cases , where needed , we also require the receiver to return a duplicate of the original answer , if it contains information which is needed . )
What does this do ?
Since duplicates are removed on the business level , all messages become idempotent : it is always permitted to resend a message in case of doubt about the communication .
Much of the use case for transport level reliable messaging is gone : if no acknowledgement is received , the prescription is simply resent .
The error which is received when the first prescription has been received after all , is as much proof of successful transmission as the original acknowledgement .
We 've tightened our specs a bit on returning and interpreting this specific error condition , and all of a sudden separate reliable messaging is no longer necessary .
It 's even hardly an effort : since HL7v3 has a prescription id , which must be unique , each healthcare application has to handle duplicate prescription id 's anyway .
If the acknowledgement carries information which the GP has to receive , we could require the pharmacist to reconstitute the original acknowledgement and return it on receiving a duplicate prescription : the situation does n't occur too often though , and for simple acks it is not needed .
So a bit of tightening of the business rules has removed the case for separate transport reliability : all it would do is add another layer which assigns unique id's and handles duplicates again .
Note that it is n't just WS - ReliableMessaging .
It may be the main contender , but for alternatives such as ebMXL Messaging or WS - Reliability , the same line of reasoning applies .
WS - ReliableMessaging alone is n't good enough for synchronous messaging either .
In cases where the client is behind a firewall , or has an unreliable mobile connection , the client is n't addressable directly by the server .
So the server has no way to resend unacknowledged responses to the client if the HTTP connection is closed unexpectedly .
Another WS -* specification is needed for this case : WS - MakeConnection , which enables the client to set up a new HTTP connection and poll for potentially waiting response messages .
Since all our traffic in Dutch healthcare is synchronous , this addition is necessary .
So instead of upgrading all necessary clients with just WS - ReliableMessaging capabilities , the much newer WS - MakeConnection is also needed ( and most clients today simply do not have the necessary libraries yet ) .
WS - MakeConnection also basically makes all synchronous traffic asynchronous in case of failure .
While this not necessarily a bad thing , it would make the Dutch healthcare specification much more complex .
The WS -* mantra is often : the complexity of the specification is hidden from the developer by the software : install your WS -* libraries , and they will do the magic for you !
I never believed in this ' complexity - hiding - philosophy ' .
Any developer worth her salt will want to know what 's going on behind the curtains on this level .
It 's impossible to debug a live session if you do not even understand whether your traffic is synchronous or secretly split up .
Conclusion
In Dutch healthcare , given the complexities of reliable messaging , and given the fact that the use case from a business perspective mostly evaporates , we 've decided not to use reliable messaging on the transport level .
With a bit further tightening of the business logic , which requires unique prescriptions anyway , we can have a much simpler solution .
To summarize : if reliability is important on the business level , do it on the business level .
A Reliable Messaging layer can handle only generic logic , but that 's not what we want : we want business - specific logic for in - order and exactly - once processing .
WS - Reliable Messaging ( or its competitors ) may sometimes have some value in optimizing solutions , especially point - to - point .
But from a business perspective , a well - designed business solution does not need reliable messaging .
About the Author
Marc is an independent consultant with over 20 years of IT experience .
He specializes in cross-enterprise interoperbility and semantics , and is a frequent speaker and author .
Marc lives and works in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
[ 1 ] See Stefan Tilkov , Addressing Doubts about REST ( http://www.infoq.com/articles/tilkov-rest-doubts) point 7 : REST is unreliable for a discussion .
[ 2 ] See Joe Gregorio , RESTify DayTrader , http://bitworking.org/news/201/RESTify-DayTrader
[ 3 ]
See Paul Fremantle , An Introduction to Web Services Reliable Messaging , for a good overview : http://www.infoq.com/articles/fremantle-wsrm-introduction
[ 4 ]
http://www.nictiz.nl/
If you 're planning a trip to planet HD 209458 b ( not recommended for several reasons ) , hold on to your hat .
Astronomers have just clocked the planet 's high - altitude winds at a hair less than 4,500 miles per hour .
" Measured winds on Jupiter and Saturn are only a fraction of this , " notes Leiden University astronomer Ignas Snellen , who led a team of researchers probing the extrasolar planet 's traits .
The closest competitor our solar system can offer up is Neptune , with winds speeds estimated as high as 1,200 m.p.h .
The measurement , reported in Wednesday 's issue of the journal Nature , in effect was a byproduct of efforts to look at a now - familiar extrasolar planet with sharper eyes , adds team member and astronomer Simon Albrecht .
IN PICTURES : Planets
In this case , the team was using a relatively new spectrograph at the European Southern Observatory 's Very Large Telescope array in Chile to confirm previous observations and see what more the spectrograph might reveal .
The results " were more than we hoped for , " says Dr. Albrecht , who splits his time between Leiden University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Not only was the team able to detect wind speeds on a planet 150 light - years away .
But the scientists were also able to measure the pace of its orbit with far higher precision , which in turn allowed them to make simpler , more direct calculations of the planet 's mass than predecessors have been able to use .
The effort highlights the increasingly detailed information astronomers are gathering as they aim giant ground - based telescopes at some of the extrasolar planets nearest our solar system .
So far , astronomers have found 463 planets outside the solar system .
The latest discoveries were unveiled last week , when scientists using the French CoRoT satellite added six planets to the extrasolar planet catalog .
HD 209458 b a ' hot Jupiter '
Meanwhile , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Kepler mission last week released its first 43 days ' worth of data on some 156,000 stars in the vicinity of the constellations Cygnus and Lyra .
The team is paying special attention to some 400 of these stars in hopes of detecting planets orbiting them .
Many of the extrasolar planets discovered are so - called hot Jupiters – gas giants that orbit very close to their parent star .
Among these hot Jupiters , none has come under as close scrutiny as HD 209458 b , which orbits a star in the constellation Pegasus .
Astronomers discovered the planet in 1999 , and it's been a target for ground - and space - based telescopes ever since .
The man reason :
Its star is relatively close to Earth and very bright , making the system easier to observe in a relatively short period of time .
Among the discoveries :
It 's one planet to scratch from a cosmic TripTick .
It orbits its host star at a distance of 4.3 million miles , compared with 36 million miles for Mercury , the planet closest to our sun .
One circuit around the star lasts 3.5 days .
Astronomers estimate its temperature at roughly 1,600 degrees Fahrenheit .
To add insult to injury , the planet appears to be evaporating .
In 2003 , a team of astronomers led by Alfred Vidal - Madjar with the Institute for Astrophysics in Paris found that the planet 's stock of hydrogen was streaming into space , much like a comet 's tail .
In a paper accepted for publication in an upcoming issue of the Astrophysical Journal , a team led by University of Colorado astrophysicist Jeffery Linsky estimates that HD 209458 b is shedding 88,000 to 441,000 tons of material each second .
Kiss it good - bye in 96 million to 482 million years .
How they figured the wind speed
In the Nature results , Dr. Snellen and colleagues used the planet 's carbon - monoxide ( CO ) signature – detected as starlight passed through the planet 's atmosphere – as their marker .
From changes over time in that signature compared with a known standard , the team derived the planet 's orbital speed and calculated its mass as 64 percent of Jupiter 's mass .
As a bonus , the high - resolution infrared spectrograph the team used picked up another shift in the CO 's spectral signature .
It indicated that winds in the planet 's upper atmosphere were blasting their way from the day side to the night side of the planet .
The magnitude of this shift allowed them to estimate the speed of the CO 's movement – some 4,500 m.p.h .
At this point , researchers are still trying to figure out how much cooler the night side is than the day side .
One would expect winds flowing from the day side to the night side to spread that heat around the planet .
A similar planet around another star appears to shows a day - night temperature difference of a scant 80 degrees F. , Snellen explains .
But HD 209458 b's difference may be substantially greater , he says , because it appears that the upper atmosphere on the day side does a good job of re-radiating heat from the star back into space , allowing for cooler temperatures deeper in the atmosphere .
This explanation requires " a long chain of arguments for which there is not – yet – a lot of evidence , " he cautions .
IN PICTURES : Planets
Related :
F.D.R. achieved greatness not by means of imposing his temperament and intellect on the world but by reacting to what the world threw at him .
Image Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
For five weeks , it looked as though Obama considered the gushing that became the worst oil spill in U.S. history a distraction , like a fire alarm going off in the middle of a law seminar he was teaching .
He ’ll deal with it , but he ’s annoyed because it ’s not on his syllabus .
Even if Obama does n’t watch “ Treme ” on HBO , it ’s strange that he would not have a more spontaneous emotional response to another horrendous hit for Louisiana , with residents and lawmakers crying on the news and dead pelicans washing up on shore .
But then , he did n’t make his first - ever visit to New Orleans until nearly a year after Katrina hit .
“ I never had occasion to be here , ” he told The Times ’s Jeff Zeleny , then at The Chicago Tribune .
Just as President Clinton once protested to reporters that he was still “ relevant , ” President Obama had to protest to reporters last week that he has feelings .
He seemed to tune out a bit after the exhausting battle over health care , with the air of someone who says to himself : “ Oh , man , that was a heavy lift .
I ’m taking a break . ”
He ’s spending the holiday weekend in Chicago when he should be commemorating Memorial Day here with the families of troops killed in battle and with veterans at Arlington Cemetery .
Republican senators who had a contentious lunch with the president last week described him as whiny , thin - skinned and in over his head , and there was extreme Democratic angst at the White House ’s dilatory and deferential attitude on the spill .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The parody video “ We Con the World , ” which mocked the international media coverage of the Gaza - bound “ aid ” flotilla that was stopped by Israeli naval commandos , has been removed from YouTube , where it received over 3 million views since it went up on June 3 .
In removing the video from on Friday , YouTube posted a comment citing copyright infringement concerns from Warren Chappel Music Inc. , which owns the rights to the 1985 charity fundraiser song “ We Are the World .
” The video , made by the satirical Web site Latma TV depicts a mock crew of the flotilla , some wearing keffiyehs and speaking in faux Arab accents , performing a song to the tune of “ We Are the World .
” The parody , which received international – and often critical – acknowledgement , is available on other Web sites , while a Hebrew subtitled version is still available on YouTube .
“ It ’s not as if a clip that has been seen by 3.5 million viewers is just going to disappear , ” said Caroline Glick , the editor - in - chief of Latma , who is also a senior contributing editor of The Jerusalem Post .
Neither YouTube nor Warren Chappel Music Inc. has elaborated on the decision , and representatives did not respond to requests for comment .
Glick contested the notion that the video infringes on the original song .
She said that Latma TV had received approval of the video from lawyers who cited the Fair Use Doctrine , an American copyright law that supports use of copyrighted material for satire .
“ Copyright experts we advised with before posting the song told us in no uncertain terms that we were within our rights to use the song because we did so in accordance with the Fair Use Doctrine , ” Glick wrote on her Web site , in response to the removal of the video .
Glick wrote that the video ’s removal reflects subjective decision - making at YouTube , which Glick said has a history of removing Israeli clips .
During Operation Cast Lead , for instance , the IDF Spokesman ’s Unit posted footage of the fighting in Gaza .
YouTube removed the clips and replaced them – restricted to viewers over 18 – only after protests from across the nation .
Other parodies of the song “ We Are the World ” are still available on YouTube , including a parody of President Barack Obama that garnered nearly 270,000 views .
YouTube ’s decision to remove this particular parody was “ not based on regulation but rather based on discretion , ” said Amichai Farkas , who is part of WeJew.com , an alternative online video sharing service for the Jewish and pro-Israel community .
“ Them taking this down was a pretty big message of the direction that they are taking , ” Farkas said of YouTube , speculating that they were caving to “ sensitivities to seeming too pro- Israel .
”
“ We see a double standard here , ” Glick said .
“ Ours is the only one that has been attacked .
” The song “ We Are the World , ” written by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie , was first recorded in 1985 by an array of famous performers as part of a fund - raiser for Africa .
It is among the bestselling singles of all time .
After January ’s earthquake in Haiti , a collection of top artists rerecorded the song to raise funds for the recovery effort .
Glick said that Latma TV is waiting for advice from American lawyers before taking action to oppose YouTube ’s decision .
“ If anybody thinks that this is going to intimidate us , then they ’re sorely mistaken , ” she said .
The Web site is already preparing a new video for Thursday as part of its weekly releases .
“ We ’re making a stir and we ’re defending Israel , ” she said .
“ What can be better than that ? ”
Bottsand Oil Recovery Ship -
What those Exist !
Published Friday , June 11 , 2010 1:12 PM
So I saw this on Gizmodo and thought to myself , what an oil recovery ship , why have n't I heard of this before ?
The ship looks just like any other when it's on the move , but when it 's ready to clean up some oil it splits in the middle and opens into a V shape .
It can clean up to 140 cubic meters of water per hour in it 's 790 cubic meter tank .
Just one of these ships is not enough to clean up the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , but every little bit helps .
Why is there no a whole fleet of these ships to roll out whenever there is a oil spill ?
According to a Gizmodo commenter there are only two of them in the world .
Someone needs to make a bunch of these ships and have them on reserve for when something horrible happens like the oil spill in the gulf .
I suppose it's not very cost effective and disasters like this only happen every once in a while .
Still it would be super cool to see a bunch of these ships rolling in to cleaning up all the oil .
Rapper Eminem made a name for himself by boisterously trash - talkin ' other celebs .
So when he points the finger at himself and opens up about his struggles with addiction , it 's striking stuff .
E!'s Clinton Sparks sat down with the artist also known as Marshall Mathers III for a frank discussion , and the MC 's calm demeanor may surprise you .
Hit the clip above for a preview .
Tune - in to Daily 10 , Friday at 7:30 p.m. for the full interview , then catch Eminem on The Soup at 10 !
- video encodings still in process -
Damian Peach one of the very best planetary imagers again , this time 2010 Mars showing one full rotation of the planet .
One day on Mars is equal to 24.622 hours on Earth .
This past weekend while attending an Xprize fundraiser in San Francisco I saw self - help guru Tony Robbins and Google co-founder Sergey Brin , but not in the traditional sense .
Although neither of them could physically attend the event , both Tony and Sergey were strutting the room and chatting it up like the rest of us by controlling Willow Garage ’s awesome Texai telepresence robots .
If you are like me , you have been somewhat skeptical of the whole telepresence robot idea .
I mean , once we get over the novelty of the idea and the coolness factor of it all , do telepresence robots really have a place in our society beyond a niche role ?
After witnessing Sergey and Tony in telepresence grandeur , consider me converted into a believer in the telepresence revolution .
People at the event , myself included , were immediately attracted to the robots and loved talking to them .
During the course of the evening , I spoke to individuals from Argentina , Washington DC , and Canada – all via telepresence .
Telepresence robots are going to be an awesome addition to our technology fueled lives .
Catch a glimpse of my conversation with Tony below :
Humans are social creatures , and the telepresence robots at the Xprize event latched on to this human quality in a way that surprised me .
If Tony Robbins had simply video conferenced into the Xprize event via a hanging TV the experience simply would not have been the same .
He would n’t have been able to traverse the room to find ( or evade ! ) various individuals .
He would not have been able to turn away when he was done talking to you , nor would he be able to see someone or something that was “ behind ” him in the room .
At this point the Texai robot does not even have arms or hands to allow for a more robust human social interaction .
Once they have appendages , I could see the future for these robots becoming even more compelling .
One of the fascinating aspects of telepresence robots is that they can become different people throughout the evening .
There were three Texai robots at the Xprize event , and over the course of the evening each robot was embodied by several different interesting individuals from all over the world .
Enjoy a video of Sergey Brin in full telepresence form below :
In some ways attending an event via telepresence robot might even be superior to physically attending .
No need to dress up in fancy clothes !
Safely hidden within your robot , now you can attend black tie events in the comfort of your boxers .
Need to put the kids to sleep or answer the front door of your house while “ attending ” an event thousands of miles away ?
No problem !
With the conditions setup just right , you could even attend multiple events simultaneously by taking over telepresence robots that you have reserved ahead of time .
Will telepresence robots be available “ for rent ” at parties , conferences , and other events in the future ?
Sounds like an interesting business idea !
Maybe I am just caught up in the euphoria of the moment and telepresence robots are n’t all they are cracked up to be .
They ca n’t traverse stairs very well , for example , and attending an event by telepresence certainly is not the same as truly being there .
Still , I ca n’t get away from the fact that telepresence robots are pretty neat .
I could see them becoming a regular part of human social gatherings over the next decade .
If so , chances are I will be inside one of them .
Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
We ’d like to thank everyone who has patiently waited for the revival of one of the most anticipated classics in the Final Fantasy series , Final Fantasy IX .
Returning to the elements of what makes true role - playing games appealing — characters , grand story , engaging battles and an impressive presentation — we ’re proud to offer PS3 and PSP owners a chance to relive what RPG fans have long considered a nostalgic masterpiece .
The wait is almost over and we ’re proud to announce that Final Fantasy IX is finally here , again !
Look for Final Fantasy IX to hit the US PSN Store next Tuesday , June 15th for $ 9.99 .
For more information on Final Fantasy IX , please visit the official site .
By Michelle Saenz - Rodriguez • 30 Mar , 2020 •
Fights , riot at detention centers intensify calls to free detained immigrants
As counties and states go into shelter in place , Immigration courts across the nation are still open , counter to what the CDC has advised for public safety .
Federal criminal courts closed two weeks ago .
The cruelty of the Trump Immigration policies continue to be on full display .
We at Saenz - Rodriguez & Associates have done everything we can to make sure our staff and clients are safe and healthy .
We are offering Zoom consultations as our most of staff are working from home .
Even with these precautions for our staff and clients , d eadlines must be met and documents have to be organized , copied and prepared for filing - I wish I could do it all from home .
The government does not care about the risk to detainees , advocates or even their own employees who are still working everyday .
It ’s so sad .
I ’m actually in my office ( we are essential business for as long as courts remain open ) - no staff just me .... but I still have to open doors , get in elevators , use a phone , handle documents etc .
That means the more protection the better .
Just trying to be socially responsible while I am not at home .
Bond hearings are taking place via telephone and in - person as it depends on the Judge presiding over the case .
We would love to leave all of the personal protective equipment for those in the medical field , however most immigration cases are business as usual and with confirmed cases of COVID19 within the immigration court system , we as lawyers and clients must protect ourselves while being forced to either show up in a courthouse with more than ten people present or hope for telephone hearings , which may not be in the best interest of the clients case .
Due process is being denied to our clients by the Executive Office for Immigration Review .
The Wall Street bailout continues apace -- now it 's just hidden inside Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Fannie and Freddie , some analysts estimate , could lose more than $ 1 trillion of taxpayer money when all is said and done .
That 's $ 1 trillion that , without Fannie and Freddie ( and the US taxpayer ) would have been lost by banks .
Most of it , anyway .*
$ 1 trillion is more than the cost of the TARP .
How are Fannie and Freddie losing all that money ?
( $ 150 billion at last count )
They 're foreclosing on homeowners whose mortgages they guaranteed .
They 're maintaining the houses for a while ( US taxpayers are getting a $ 10 million lawn - mowing bill this summer ) .
And then they are reselling the houses at a huge loss .
And then , in many cases , they 're underwriting a new mortgage , for the buyer , generating more fees for the banks .
( And you had better hope the house - price crash is over , or two years from now , we 'll just be doing it all over again ) .
Anyway , Fannie and Freddie are having to repossess so many houses that they now own 163,828 of them , says Binyamin Appelbaum in the NYT .
That 's more houses than there are in Seattle .
And who owns Fannie and Freddie and their foreclosed houses and future losses ?
YOU do !
So give yourself a pat on the back , taxpayers .
You 're now one of the biggest landlords in the US !
Read Binyamin Appelbaum 's article in the NYT >
* UPDATE : Reader Jeff K. Davis adds the following point : Re : $ 1 trillion of losses that banks and other financial institutions would absorb if FNM and FRE did not do so ( for us ) — the banks / financials would have never bought all of the MBS that hold Agency mortgages had it not been for the guarantee .
Also , the risk - reward would have been different because without the FNM / FRE guarantee the rate would have been 1 / 2 to a point higher for a “ typical ” mortgage with 10 - 20 % a down payment .
If you want to look to where the guarantee backfired on financial institutions , consider those who loaded up on FNM and FRE preferred that was lost in the conservatorship .
As the financial crisis began to unfold during 2H07 , there was a debate as to whether Treasury would stand behind mez capital / senior equity .
A number of small banks , some of which have failed ( e.g. , MBHI ) assumed that there was no way the preferred would not be good .
Another interesting aspect of the GSE inspired crisis is that their operating debt issued to fund the majority of their balance sheets has tightened notably to Treasuries over the past two years as it is viewed as nearly a UST equivalent , which is what long - time investors always assumed it was .
Sadly I might I add .
The six - year - long Novell - SCO case is over - the judge ruled that Novell did indeed own Unix patents copyrights which SCO failed to license properly and therefore the case is closed .
Of course this case has closed before , but this really does seem like the end of the line .
Judge Ted Stewart said : " The jury could have rejected the testimony of SCO 's witnesses for a number of reasons , including their lack of involvement in drafting the APA , the fact that there was little testimony on any actual discussions concerning the transfer of copyrights , or that many of the witnesses had a financial interest in the litigation . "
SCO became little more than a source of lawyers ' letters and was seen by many as the arch nemesis to the development of Linux .
There are other cases pending , including one against IBM , but they depended on the outcome of the Novell litigation .
The case began in 2004 over a transfer agreement made in 1995 .
And finally , thanks to Groklaw , its volunteers and Pamela Jones , whose tireless efforts to follow and explain the twists and turns of this case showed what an obsessive compulsive with a blog can do and helped make the case understandable for those of us happy enough not to be lawyers . ®
My entirely scanned car brochures about Citroen and Panhard
Dit zijn al mijn volledig ingescande Citroen en Panhard folders
more / meer sites of me on the wwweb
A five month long mobilisation against BP in the Casanare region of Colombia has escalated after the Colombian army entered the BP installations with force this week and confronted workers who have been peacefully occupying BP installations since May 23 to protest BP´s failure to conclude negotiations with the workers and community .
A five month long mobilisation against BP in the Casanare region of Colombia has escalated after the Colombian army entered the BP installations with force this week and confronted workers who have been peacefully occupying BP installations since May 23 to protest BP´s failure to conclude negotiations with the workers and community .
At midday on Wednesday a heavily armed commando group of the National Colombian Army leapt over the security fence of the Tauramena Central Processing Facility and subjected the group of workers to physical and verbal aggression .
Oscar Garcia , of the National Oil Workers Union said “ this war - like handling of a group of workers is an excessive use of force and treats a labour conflict as though it were an issue of public order .
This shows how BP is bent on war against workers who are only demanding that their fundamental rights be respected . ” [ i ]
The calm response by the striking workers brought the situation temporarily under control but the army remains present and tensions are high .
Colombia continues to have the highest level of trade union murders in the world with 17 trade unionists murdered so far this year .
“ It is no secret that since BP arrived in the early nineties we have not been able to organize workers until now due to the presence of paramilitary groups operating in the oil fields , ” said Edgar Mojica from the National Oil Workers Union .
At night workers sleep chained to machinery under temporary shelters as a precaution against any further attempts to violently remove them .
“ BP thinks that we will give up , tired and afraid but we will put up with these conditions as this is a struggle for everyone , ” said Ramiro from the Movement for Dignity of Casanare .
“ We will only leave here when BP signs an agreement on salary increases , more dignified working conditions , security guarantees for all involved in the mobilisations , and honours the pre-agreements made in the environmental , human rights , social investment and goods and services commissions . ”
The workers are saddened but not surprised at the measures they are forced to take to try to reach agreements with BP .
The mobilisation started in February of this year .
Workers were forced to take direct action and block access roads to BP ’s installations after the oil corporation refused to recognise the workers rights to a union and to a collective bargaining agreement .
The blockades were violently attacked by ESMAD , the notorious Colombian riot police , in an operation to end the protest . [ ii ]
This is not the first time that civil society movements against BP have been met with violence .
In 2003 , communities protested against BP , demanding action on ecological , social and labour issues .
BP refused to negotiate .
In the months following community leaders involved in the mobilisation were assassinated ( 2004 Oswaldo Vargas , 2005 Parmenio Parra ) .[ iii ]
Furthermore , a preliminary public hearing held in 2007 in the UK on BP ’s activities in Colombia confirmed that there is sufficient evidence to conclude that BP has a case to answer that it is complicit in the extermination of social organisations in Casanare as part of direct strategy to maximise profits . ” [ iv ]
Despite the history of repression , the response to the ESMAD attack in February was overwhelming .
Two thousand people marched in support , fifteen more road blockades spontaneously sprung up , community members and local businesses joined the strike and the Movement for the Dignity of Casanare was born .
BP was forced to listen and agreed to participate in the five commissions .
Popular assemblies where held to decide on the bargaining demands which were later presented to BP on March 23 .
However , after two months of dialogue , the labour commission had made no advances and the current strike began .
Casanare is a region characterised by extreme levels of poverty , in spite of the oil that flows out of the region to the United States .
This poverty has been worsened by the environmental degradation caused by the oil exploration and extraction , and the susbequent contamination and loss of water sources , according to local farmers whose livelihoods depend on water .
“ We have heard about the BP incident in the USA .
We send our condolences to the families and fellow workers of those who died due to the failure of BP to take the necessary measures to ensure safe operations and protect the lives of people working for them , ” said Garcia of the National Oil Workers Union .
“ Here in Colombia , BP has also shown their lack of respect for life .
They have brought about a war that has left over 9000 people dead . ”
He added , “ We categorically hold BP to blame for this latest catastrophe in the USA and we demand that BP repairs to the extent possible the damage they have caused .
We extend our solidarity to the Northamerican people affected and we ask for your solidarity with the Casanarean people and you are welcome to visit and see how things are here . ”
BP continues to provide support to the 16th Brigade , which was created in 1991 in order to provide security to the oilfields in Casanare .
They have a long , cruel and documented history of human rights violations , including : extrajudicial executions , disappearances , murders , torture , rape and the forced displacement of campesino communities .
However the grave humanitarian crisis in Casanare and its relationship to the oil industry – in particular to BP – is not deterring the Movement for the Dignity of Casanare .
“ Despite BP´s misinformation campaign we are determined and united and we will keep resisting with dignity , ” said Ramiro .
“ And if we can unite with people from the USA we will be even stronger and achieve much more . ”
Notes :
[ i ]
http://usofrenteobrero.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=840:arremetida-del-ejercito-nacional-contra-trabajadores-en-tauramena-casanare&catid=35:nacional&Itemid=143
[ ii ]
http://www.colombiasolidarity.org.uk/events/26-upcoming-events/493-police-assault-bp-oil-workers-in-colombia
[ iii ]
http://espacio.org.uk/bp/CasanareMission2007Report.pdf
[ iv ]
http://espacio.org.uk/bp/PUBLIC_DECLARATION_Glasgow.pdf
Espacio Bristol - Colombia is an autonomous collective of people working in solidarity with communities and organisations fighting for peace with social justice in Colombia .
We are based in and around the city of Bristol ( England ) , with a growing membership from across the country , and are part of the international Network of Friendship and Solidarity with Colombia ( Red de Hermandad ) .
An expose at a local Houston television station is sure to rile company critics when it enters the mainstream media : an operator at a BP phone bank has accused the company of setting them up as a diversion for anguished residents affected by the recent oil spill .
“ WeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re a diversion to stop them from really getting to the corporate office , to the big people , ” claimed “ Janice , ” a pseudonym for an operator interviewed by Houston ’s Channel 11 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The network adds :
The calls come in from around the world , but itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s the desperation of those on the Gulf Coast that has affected her the most .
“ I do n’t want to get emotional , but it ’s so frustrating when these people live right there and nothing is being done to help them , ” the operator said .
For weeks on end , twelve hours a day , there is a little secret that Janice says she has witnessed firsthand .
Because the operators believe the calls never get past them , some do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t even bother taking notes .
“ And they just put down , type Ã¢â‚ ¬ Ëœblah blah blah .
Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢
No information , just Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœblah blah blah , Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢ ” Janice admitted .
BP and US officials are also facing accusations that they ’re inhibiting the media from covering elements of the spill , which began Apr. 20 after an offshore oil rig exploded and collapsed into the Gulf of Mexico .
Raw Story ’s Muriel Kane reported on this on Saturday .
In a video clip obtained by the liberal blog ThinkProgress , a local news team from WDSU in New Orleans was told by a private security guard that they were not allowed to talk to cleanup workers on a public beach or come within 100 yards of cleanup operations .
“ WhoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s saying that ? ” reporter Scott Walker asked the guard .
“ Because no one can tell me that , unless youÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re the Jefferson Parish SheriffÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s Office , youÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re the Coast Guard , or you Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢re the military , can you tell me where to go on this public beach . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I can tell you where to go because IÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢m employed to keep this beach safe , ” the guard replied , adding , “ You are not allowed to interview any workers . ”
CNN ’s Jim Acosta similarly reported on Thursday that his efforts to film attempts by the Louisiana Fish and Wildlife Service to rescue oil - covered birds had been blocked , even though his news team had received permission from the state Fish and Wildlife Service to enter the bird triage center .
“ I ’m going to have to ask you to stop taking pictures , ” a National Guardsman told them .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s more important for the animals to have a quiet , calm , controlled area at this point , ” a Fish and Wildlife Service representative insisted when asked for an explanation .
CNN ’s Anderson Cooper also recounted being “ prevented by federal wildlife officials from photographing birds covered in oil being brought ashore . …
They actually now have this area where the birds come in roped off and guarded by National Guard troops . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
With earlier reporting by Muriel Kane .
" Entertainment Weekly " was kind enough this week to remind us that Monday marks the 20th anniversary of the debut of the television sitcom " Seinfeld . "
Jerry Seinfeld is one of the biggest Mets fans out there , and he incorporated that into his show .
AP Photo / Bill Kostroun
You may notice in my bio that I refer to myself as a " Mets historian . "
There are only two other subjects about which I 'm cocky enough to label myself as a historian .
One is the comic strip " Peanuts . "
The other is the show whose anniversary we 're celebrating .
So , figuring that this is a good opportunity to pair passions , I thought I 'd reminisce and mix two of them in the best way possible .
The website Seinfeldscripts.com allowed me to find all the " Seinfeld " episodes in which the Mets were referenced .
Let 's go through them :
GOOD NEWS , BAD NEWS ( July 5 , 1989 )
To say that " Seinfeld " debuted on May 31 , 1990 , is true but requires an asterisk .
That marked the airing of the first of four episodes that marked Season 1 .
The actual " Seinfeld " pilot aired nearly a full year earlier , as " The Seinfeld Chronicles , " when NBC did n't know what the heck it was going to do with this show about nothing .
In the fifth scene of the pilot , Jerry reveals his baseball affiliation ( on the show , and in real life ) , responding to a middle - of - the - night phone call as he is preparing to flip on his TV .
" If you know what happened in the Mets game , do n't say anything , I taped it , hello "
The call turns out to be a wrong number .
Unfortunately , Jerry 's hopes of watching the game are ruined when Kramer announces his presence for the first time .
" Boy , the Mets blew it tonight , huh ? "
Rob Sherman , the atheist from Chicago who has a long history of filing lawsuits supporting church / state separation , has outdone himself this time .
He filed a federal lawsuit ( PDF ) “ to block $ 2.3 billion in Illinois grants from the $ 31 billion Capital Bill that was enacted into law last year . ”
This is something he has been working on for a few months now .
As I ’ve written about before , a lot of those Illinois grants are going to religious organizations .
Not just Christian ones , either ( PDF ) :
Grants to houses of worship that are being challenged in this lawsuit include $ 150,000 for Louis Farrakhan ’s Nation of Islam Temple in Chicago .
The Nation of Islam is best known for advocating the hatred of white people .
Grants to parochial schools that are being challenged include $ 500,000 for a new school building for Christ the King Jesuit College Prep ( Roman Catholic high school ) in Chicago .
The sponsor of this grant of tax dollars , State Representative LaShawn Ford , is on the Board of Trustees of Christ the King College Prep .
Grants to religious ministries that are being challenged include $ 35,000 to the Hillel Foundation at Northwestern University , whose mission is “ to inspire every Jewish student to make an enduring commitment to Jewish life . ”
There ’s also a $ 100,000 grant requested for the discriminatory Boy Scouts in Rockford — a group that openly excludes atheists and homosexuals .
According to Sherman , the most problematic grant ( PDF ) being requested is for $ 2,300,000,000 … to Governor Pat Quinn … for “ discretionary grants to unspecified providers . ”
In other words , “ [ t}he grant allows the Governor to essentially play Santa Claus and give the money to pretty much anybody or any organization that he wants . ”
The first hearing about this case in court should occur in two weeks .
I want to know how state legislators defend their requests on behalf of these religious groups .
If they take a cue from State Senator Bill Brady ( R - Bloomington ) , Sherman should have a slam - dunk case :
One of the organizations listed in the suit is the St. Robert Bellarmine Catholic Newman Center , located on the campus of Illinois State University .
The facility serves Catholic university students and is set to receive $ 200,000 in state funds .
State Sen. Bill Brady , R- Bloomington , who is running for governor , requested money for the project .
… …
Brady previously said it was appropriate to spend public money for the Newman Center project in Normal because it could behalf all students , not just Catholic students .
Right … because the Newman Center is where * all * the students go to just hang out …
These groups do not deserve taxpayer money , nor is it legal for them to receive it .
I would hope the courts know this .
Sherman is a polarizing figure , no doubt , but in this case he has earned the support of anyone , religious or not , who believes in the separation of church and state .
Social media could provide a solution for dealing with dissatisfaction among students on the levels of academic feedback they receive at university .
A University of Leicester researcher is trialling the use of social media to enhance feedback -- through the provision of ' feed forward ' .
Dr Alan Cann , Senior Lecturer in the School of Biological Sciences , has recently implemented a network on social aggregator site , FriendFeed with first year students in the School of Biological Sciences , trialling the success of using social media to deliver course - related information and provide a forum for discussion and feedback amongst students via a social media space .
The biology students use FriendFeed for reflection and development through a network of discussion between peers and academics .
The social aggregator is used purely for work - related items and has already been a huge success within the department .
Dr Cann commented : " Since we introduced FriendFeed at the beginning of the month , the response has been incredible .
Students are on it 24/ 7 and are being very social but extremely professional with the content of discussions solely work - related .
" I am quite excited about how this is going .
An individual 's homepage acts as their portfolio by storing all of their posts , forming reflection on what they are doing and explanations of what they do not understand .
Only it does n't feel like they are doing it as they are so used to doing it in a similar manner in their personal lives on Facebook .
" I have never seen anything like this level of interactivity with Blackboard before .
It offers a forum for extended discussion , enabling them to have conversations with 200 other people on their course , providing a way for their questions to be answered as well as providing deeper knowledge useful for essays and other assessments . "
It is hoped that interactions between staff and students via social networks such as FriendFeed will enhance the student experience , providing more regular feedback for their assessments .
Academics will become more easily accessible on social networking sites , joining the online conversation , answering student queries and providing additional pointers leading to ' feed forward ' from lectures as well as the traditional feedback , enhancing the discussion and development of students .
Dr Cann and colleagues have previously investigated the educational potential of Twitter praising it as an ' exceptional communication tool within academia ' .
He has also recently published a paper , ' Google Wave in Education ' , analysing Google 's new social media venture in which he describes the educational potential as ' enormous ' , however he notes that educators are yet to embrace the potential of delivering a truly collaborative education experience mediated through information technology .
Newswise —
In the grim struggles of prehistory , early religion provided humans a way to relate to each other and the world around them , offering significant survival and reproductive advantages , a Southeastern Louisiana University evolutionary psychologist says in a new book .
“ The roots of religion stretch as far back as half a million years , when our ancestors developed the motor controls to engage in social rituals – that is , to sing and dance together , ” said Matt Rossano , professor and head of the Department of Psychology at Southeastern and author of the book “ Supernatural Selection : How Religion Evolved . ”
He said about 70,000 years ago , a global ecological crisis drove humanity to the edge of extinction .
“ It forced the survivors to create new strategies for survival , and religious rituals were foremost among them , ” he added .
Rossano ’s work is , in part , a response to the 2006 bestselling book “ The God Delusion ” by scientist Richard Dawkins , an atheist manifesto that pitted science against religion .
But , according to Rossano , Dawkins missed the science that revealed how religion made man more human .
Neither an apologist for religion nor a religion - basher , he pulls together the evidence from a wide range of disciplines to show the valuable purpose served by a systematic belief in the supernatural .
According to Rossano , evidence seems to confirm that at its core religion was not about doctrines , creeds , institutions or miracles , but about relationships .
“ Religion is a fundamental way for humans to relate to each other and the world around them , and in early prehistory that was a definite advantage , ” Rossano explained .
“ Religion emerged as our ancestors ’ first health care system , and a critical part of that health care system was social support .
Religious groups tended to be far more cohesive , which gave them a competitive advantage over non-religious groups and enabled them to conquer the globe . ”
Rossano noted that for Dawkins and his supporters , there is nothing quite so wicked as religion and all that trails in its wake : suicide bombers , Taliban - style tyranny , child abusing clergy , etc .
“ But if religion was so clearly damaging to the human psyche and so corrosive of human society , how could it have ever evolved ? ” he asks .
“ How is it possible that every culture throughout human history has had religion ?
“ Time and again , studies show that religious people tend to be happier , healthier , more generous and civic - minded than their non-religious counterparts , ” he continued .
“ Religion is also tenacious .
Enlightenment thinkers promised that religion would fade as science and reason provided a more accurate picture of the natural world .
To the bewilderment of Dawkins and his ilk , the world seems to have reneged on that Enlightenment promise . ”
Rossano has studied the evolution of religion and other cognitive traits for some time .
He is the author of “ Evolutionary Psychology : The Science of Human Behavior and Evolution , ” as well as numerous papers on evolution , ritual , religion and moral behavior .
Available online at www.selu.edu/news_media/news_releases
Eric L. Watts , the former director of Star Trek programming for Dragon*con who was replaced by Garrett Wang for 2010 , sent out a press release today announcing the creation of the TrekTrax Atlanta convention .
It is scheduled for February 18 - 20 , 2011 at the Holiday Inn Select Perimeter in Atlanta , Georgia .
This is n’t entirely unexpected , as Watts was essentially running a full Star Trek convention within Dragon *con for the past 17 years .
The full press release is below , which details guests and pricing .
Announcing : TrekTrax Atlanta !
ERIC L. WATTS & THE USS REPUBLIC NCC - 1371
proudly present
TREKTRAX ATLANTA
The NEW Star Trek Convention in Atlanta , dedicated to Star Trek in all its various forms … and to its fans , in all their various forms !
TrekTrax Atlanta is brought to you by a talented team of experienced and hard - working Star Trek fans whose previous service to local fandom is very well - known .
Presidents ’ Day Weekend — February 18 - 20 , 2011
Holiday Inn Select Perimeter
4386 Chamblee - Dunwoody Road , Atlanta GA 30341
Confirmed guests and participants to date include :
• A very special Celebrity Guest of Honor to be announced soon !
• Cast members from the Internet - based Star Trek series “ Starship Farragut ”
• Melissa Carter , Fan Guest of Honor : Co-host of morning radio program “ The Bert Show ” on Q100 and out and proud Star Trek fan
• Brian Holloway : Special Make - Up F/ X Supervisor for Star Trek : Phase II will direct the costuming track and offer programming from his breadth of experience with costuming production and numerous conventions
• Lee Cox : Costuming expert , makeup artist and magician will offer a variety of costuming and makeup panels of interest to a broad cross-section of attendees
• Andrew Greenberg : Star
Trek computer game and role - playing game designer
• Joel P. Bagby , LPC :
The first of a panel of professional counselors who will discuss extreme fanatism
• Hyperdrive : Atlanta - based rock band comprised of science fiction / fantasy geeks
• Keela , Katkith and K’Blamm : Hosts of “ Klingon Karaoke , ” a longtime programming favorite at conventions throughout the Souitheast
Three concurrent tracks of programming — OmniTrek , Qo’Nos and The Ready Room — will be dedicated to the Star Trek universe in general , the Klingon Empire in particular , and costuming & makeup together .
Three concurrent 24 - hour gaming rooms — The Holodecks — will be devoted to role - playing games , board games and card games .
A 24 - hour video room will feature episodes of several well - known Internet - based Star Trek series , a variety of Star Trek - related TV specials , programs featuring Star Trek celebrities and of course , the ever - popular blooper reels !
A Star Trek - themed “ Evening at Quark ’s ” on Friday night will include a charity poker tournament to benefit TrekTrax Atlanta ’s official charity for 2011 , the Melissa Carter Transplant Fund .
This fund benefits organ transplant candidates and supports transplant nurses throughout Georgia .
Sci - fi rock band Hyperdive , a local favorite , will perform sets of live music with a nod to Star Trek fans throughout the evening .
A very special VIP Reception will also be held on Friday night .
Saturday ’s programming will feature an on - stage Q&A hour with our celebrity guest of honor ( to be announced ) , followed by an autograph session until every member is served .
Later in the afternoon , men and women from every species are invited to compete in our first annual Star Trek Universe Costume Contest .
On Saturday evening , we ’ll turn the hotel ’s entire atrium into a nightclub for the return of “ Happy Hour at Ten Forward , ” an event that has become legendary in local Star Trek fandom .
Hot dance music will be provided by DJ B - Naut .
Sunday afternoon will feature the return of the world - famous Miss Klingon Empire Beauty Pageant !
Klingons from the farthest reaches of the Empire will be in high spirits and large numbers for this “ crowning ” event .
Then cap off a full weekend of Klingon programming with Keela & Katkith ’s Klingon Karaoke with musical performances that will stir a warrior ’s heart and bring honor to your house !
Throughout the convention , be sure to stop by our well - stocked con suite !
CHARTER MEMBERSHIPS
Available until August 31 , 2010 : $ 30.00
These special introductory Charter memberships will only be available for a short time and memberships will never be offered online at this price again .
PREREGISTERED MEMBERSHIPS
September 1 to December 31 , 2010 : $ 40.00
January 1 to February 11 , 2011 : $ 50.00
Online registration closes on February 11 .
AT THE DOOR
Friday or Saturday check - in : $ 60.00
Sunday check - in : $ 40.00
Single - day memberships not available for Friday or Saturday .
GUARDIANS OF FOREVER
This very special membership package includes : one free convention t- shirt every year , forever ; front - row seating at all ballroom events , forever ; access to all VIP receptions , forever ; one free autograph from each celebrity guest , forever ; a special ribbon for your con badge identifying your membership status , forever ; additional benefits as they are announced .
Guardian of Forever memberships are available for $ 500.00 .
SUPPORTING MEMBERSHIPS
Ca n’t attend the convention but still wish to support us ?
Purchase a Supporting Membership for only $ 20.00 .
We ’ll send you a con badge and program book after the convention is over .
FOR MORE INFORMATION , TO REGISTER AND TO BOOK YOUR HOTEL RESERVATION , PLEASE VISIT OUR WEB SITE
http://www.facebook.com/l/0c336;www.trektrax.org
FIND US ON FACEBOOK
http://www.facebook.com/pages/TrekTrax-Atlanta/120122338015280
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
http://www.facebook.com/l/0c336;twitter.com/TrekTraxAtlanta
JOIN US FOR OUR ROOM PARTIES AT
TimeGate , Saturday , May 29 , 2010
http://www.facebook.com/l/0c336;www.timegatecon.org/
Sci-Fi Summer Con , June 12 , 2010
http://www.facebook.com/l/0c336;sfscon.tripod.com/
E3 2010 Best of Show Preview : DC Universe Online
Joel Taveras June 29 , 2010 2:18 PM
EST
At E3 , we literally saw tons of titles .
However , many of our favorites would n’t be seeing the light of day until sometime in 2011 .
One title that WILL be releasing this fall is DC Universe Online from Sony Online Entertainment , and it just happens to be one of our picks for “ E3 Best of Show . ”
Although DCUO is an MMORPG , it has the roots of an action - beat - em - up hybrid .
In other words , this title will get people who would normally stay clear of any MMO immediately interested as it plays nothing like a traditional one would .
And for all you stubborn WoW players that ca n’t see themselves leaving for another MMO , you do n’t have to .
In fact , here ’s a quote from one of the games creators ( one of our favorite quotes from the show actually ) .
“ If WoW is your wife , then we want [ DCUO ] to be your dirty slut whore on the side . ”
BOOM !
So yeah , if that has n’t piqued your interest yet , do yourself the favor and watch the preview below !
As BP withholds information on impact of massive oil spill , Coast Guard says that ’ embedded ’ media have been allowed to cover response effort
As oil from the massive BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico approached the US coastline , a CBS News crew was threatened by the US Coast Guard with arrest if they attempted to film a beach in South Pass , Louisiana .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ When we tried to reach the beach … a boat of BP contractors with two Coast Guard officers on board told us to turn around under threat of arrest , ” CBS ’s Kelly Cobiella reported on Tuesday .
“ This is BP ’s rules , it ’s not ours , ” an officer can be seen calling from the other boat in the CBS video .
“ We spoke to Coast Guard officials today , ” Cobiella concluded .
“ They say they are looking into it . ”
Since this initial brief report , the CBS video clip has been widely reposted , but there has apparently been no followup from either CBS or BP .
The Coast Guard , however , released a statement from Rob Wyman , Lieutenant Commander , USCG , Deepwater Horizon Unified Command .
Neither BP nor the U.S. Coast Guard , who are responding to the spill , have any rules in place that would prohibit media access to impacted areas and we were disappointed to hear of this incident .
In fact , media has been actively embedded and allowed to cover response efforts since this response began , with more than 400 embeds aboard boats and aircraft to date .
Just today 16 members of the press observed clean - up operations on a vessel out of Venice , La .
The only time anyone would be asked to move from an area would be if there were safety concerns , or they were interfering with response operations .
This did occur off South Pass Monday which may have caused the confusion reported by CBS today .
The entities involved in the Deepwater Horizon / BP Response have already reiterated these media access guidelines to personnel involved in the response and hope it prevents any future confusion .
ADVERTISEMENT
This statement has provoked additional concerns , however , since it apparently indicates that the practice of military “ embeds ” is being extended to this domestic crisis .
OpEdNews , for example , comments that “ this raises many questions about what Americans are able to access and not access , what they are able to document and not document .
Should a person have to be embedded with authorities , corporations or organizations at the center of a disaster in order to document a disaster ?
Must a person be with a recognized news organization that regularly gets into press conferences in order to film critical events like the BP oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico right now ? ”
As a result of what appears to be a clamp - down on news coverage , speculation about an official cover - up has run wild and the CBS story is being referenced by sites such as ProPublica , where Marian Wang comments that “ BP has nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t yet been able to stop the flow of oil , but itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s been more successful at controlling the information coming out about the Gulf disaster . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Wang ties the CBS incident to a McClatchy report that BP “ has n’t publicly divulged the results of tests on the extent of workers ’ exposure to evaporating oil or from the burning of crude over the gulf , even though researchers say that data is crucial in determining whether the conditions are safe . ”
“ Unlike the response to other past national disasters such as Hurricane Katrina where the government was in charge , ” the McClatchy story continues , “ BP has been designated as the ‘ responsible party ’ under federal law and is overseeing much of the response to the spill .
The government is acting more as an adviser .
So far , the government has been slow to press BP to release its data and permit others to evaluate the extent of the crisis . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Times further reports , “ Tensions between the Obama administration and the scientific community over the gulf oil spill are escalating , with prominent oceanographers accusing the government of failing to conduct an adequate scientific analysis of the damage and of allowing BP to obscure the spillÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s true scope . ”
“ The scientists point out that in the month since the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded , the government has failed to make public a single test result on water from the deep ocean , ” the Times observes .
“ And the scientists say the administration has been too reluctant to demand an accurate analysis of how many gallons of oil are flowing into the sea from the gushing oil well . ”
In the absence of hard reporting , anecdotal observations from environment bloggers have become a primary source of additional information .
ADVERTISEMENT
Raleigh Hoke , . the Mississippi organizer for the Gulf Restoration Network , commented on Wednesday , “ Since this catastrophe first began almost a month ago , BP has attempted to restrict independent monitoring of the spill site and its impacts , and has worked to restrict data from the public and independent experts .
For example , on the Saturday after the spill officials refused to allow GRN to fly over the site in order to survey the extent of the slick and cleanup efforts . ”
Green technology blogger Karl Burkart similarly wrote , “ Contacts in Louisiana have given me numerous , unconfirmed reports of cameras and cell phones being confiscated , scientists with monitoring equipment being turned away , and local reporters blocked from access to public lands impacted by the oil spill . ”
“ The Obama administration , it appears , has higher priorities , ” Burkart suggested , “ namely helping BP in its frantic efforts to keep the public in the dark about what is almost surely the worst environmental catastrophe in U.S. history . ”
This video is from CBS News , broadcast May 18 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Watch CBS News Videos Online
Spoilers galore ahead
Cowboy Bebop Session 10 , “ Ganymede Elegy ” ( video ) | episode guide
1. Plot :
The crew of the Bebop drops off a bounty at Jet ’s home , Ganymede .
Jet has his ex-girlfriend on his mind ; she walked out on him , leaving him a note that only said “ Farewell ” and a pocketwatch .
Jet kept the latter even though it broke .
On Ganymede , he finds her and her new boyfriend , and ultimately finds out that she ’s made a number of bad choices in the name of wanting to be independent .
To keep the bar she ran as a business , she got involved with a loan shark , and when he got a bit too violent , the loan shark ended up accidentally killed while fighting with the boyfriend .
When Spike realizes that the boyfriend has a bounty on him , he gives chase to the couple , and finally Jet confronts the scared couple after some fairly pathetic escape attempts .
What is most notable is how Jet resolves the situation with grace and gives his ex confidence : the boyfriend goes into custody , but will more than likely get off on self - defense as opposed to being prosecuted for murder .
And the ex that was shooting at and crying at Jet a few moments before expressing confidence and hope acts like a grown woman because of his mere presence .
2 . Why should we care about any of this ?
It ’s a fictional , animated show : whatever it says about relationships must be of the same significance as learning barbering from Bugs Bunny in that cartoon where “ The Barber of Seville ” plays in the background the whole time .
Right ?
Well , right now I ’m thinking this – while we saw Jet as morally incapable in Session 5 , where his reluctance almost kills both Faye and Spike , he ’s at his best here .
It ’s hard to see that , though : Jet ’s ex , Elisa , puts forth a rather severe critique of his character which seems to fit with the earlier Jet we encountered .
The Cowboy Bebop wiki has the relevant quotes we need to consider .
Yes , this fictional , animated episode revolves around dialogue :
Jet : Back then when I got home from work , you were always there waiting for me .
And that was all I needed .
Just you .
But on that day , when I came back home the only thing there was that pocket watch ; that and a small piece of paper that just had one word written across it : farewell .
For some reason , I did n’t feel sad or broken up — it just did n’t seem real .
But slowly I realized that it was real ; that you were gone .
And little by little I felt something inside of me go numb .
After six months I made a kind of bet with myself ; a pledge , that I would leave this planet and start a new life if you did n’t return by the time the watch stopped .
I did n’t come here to blame you , I … I just wanted to know why .
Why you disappeared like that .
Elisa :
The way you talk about it , you seem to think that time really has stopped here .
That ’s a story from long ago , and I …I ’ve forgotten about it .
Time never stands still .
What we can use to indict Jet are two things : 1 ) he held on to the pocketwatch , and 2 ) he tells Elisa at the end “ Time never stands still ” to give her hope .
Perhaps Elisa was correct about Jet and he needed to encounter her yet again not just for closure , but to learn a valuable lesson .
After all , after Elisa is done shooting at him and yelling at him to stay away , she says :
Elisa :
That ’s just how you were back then , you decided everything ; in the end you were always right .
When I was there with you I never had to do anything for myself .
All I had to do was to hang onto your arm like a child without a care in the world .
I wanted to live my own life ; make my own decisions , even if they were terrible mistakes .
You can already tell where I ’m going with this :
Jet ’s a grown man and amazingly honest .
He can be vulnerable and searching and still not whiny or childish , as what is quoted above demonstrates .
She , on the other hand :
That ’s a story from long ago , and I …I ’ve forgotten about it .
Huh ?
Even if you do n’t want to talk about the issue , why not just say “ I do n’t want to talk about that now ? ”
The episode seems to give us three levels of maturity .
There are people who ca n’t take care of themselves and are unaware there ’s an issue with that ;
Elisa ’s boyfriend demonstrates a stunning lack of self - control and an enormous amount of neediness .
There there are people who can take care of themselves to some degree , but do n’t really know what they want .
Elisa fits into this second category firmly ; she ’s embraced it , weirdly enough .
The whole “ Time never stands still ” combined with “ I want to live my own life ” is a proclamation that she reserves the right to change whenever , for whatever .
She ’s capable , though , and thus can be a source of comfort for the most immature .
She ca n’t really be there for Jet .
He can take care of himself and others .
This is not the same as the fear driving him in Session 5 ; this is prior to the fear , this is what makes his lack of risk seem legitimate .
It is n’t legitimate , of course , when one is a bounty hunter , working with a guy who had mob connections and a girl with massive gambling debts .
An aversion to risk does n’t fit that situation .
But a domestic situation is a different story .
Jet ’s values are exactly right – in some sense , time does stand still on Ganymede , when one is settled .
It even stands still in the sense that Elisa just makes more and more poor choices – nothing changes in that respect .
3 . Which brings us to the issue of freedom : how can one be free trying to live domestically ?
Do n’t all domestic arrangements end up realistically like Jet and Elisa before the break - up ?
Should we condemn them for not explicitly ( and loudly ) striving toward equality as a goal ?
It ’s worth noting that Jet knows how to be free among the stars , and it is a hard , difficult , violent life .
The wiki mentions a very salient issue , that when Jet first encounters Elisa in the episode , he asks openly if she ’s doing okay and has money to pay her creditors .
She shrugs this off as Jet being Jet ; she does n’t realize yet that freedom means responsibility , that independence is n’t something you earn as a reward after lots of hard work or the hard work itself .
Nor is it the mere fact of making a choice .
No , independence depends on who makes choices and mistakes , and why .
One gets the distinct feeling Elisa saw how capable Jet was and did n’t bother asking or learning from him , but instead got resentful .
None of this is to say she ’s bad .
Love seems to be dependent on a number of things , including circumstance .
One might need to be at the right stage of life to have the right attitude with the right person .
I do n’t know .
All I know is that Jet ’s attitude is very mature , and all he can do with it is accept loss .
The goods he provides , at the end of the episode , are for people who want to stay strangers to him .
View full size
SYRACUSE , NY -- Syracuse Mayor Stephanie
Miner touched off a firestorm in her police department this week when she refused to approve a coveted award for a veteran Syracuse officer .
Miner would not sign the commendation for Detective Alp Llukaci to receive the Wallie Howard Jr. Award for his undercover work on drug investigations .
Miner cited a federal court jury verdict in December in which a jury found Llukaci used excessive force against suspect John R. Kelly in a 2001 drug and assault case .
The jury awarded Kelly $ 1 , and found that Llukaci ( pronounced loo - KAH - chee ) should pay an unspecified amount of punitive damages .
The city eventually settled that case for $ 10,000 , and had to pay attorneys ’ fees of about $ 7,500 , Miner said .
As a result of the mayor ’s action , the police union plans to boycott Thursday morning ’s annual awards ceremony at the Palace Theatre .
Nineteen other officers who were supposed to receive awards have all agreed to boycott , said Jeff Piedmonte , president of the Syracuse Police Benevolent Association .
“ Never have we had a mayor say , ‘ This person does n’t deserve to get a medal , ’ ” Piedmonte said .
“ This is just bizarre . ”
The entire police department will not be participating in the ceremony , spokesman Tom Connellan said .
Syracuse firefighters are receiving awards at today 's ceremony .
Their union president , Tom Sexton , said he knew of no plans to join the police protest .
The police union is mulling other protests , including billboard messages and picketing City Hall , Piedmonte said .
He received 120 text messages and a slew of phone calls Wednesday from officers expressing outrage , he said .
“ This is totally inappropriate and an insult to all of us , ” Piedmonte wrote in an e-mail to union members .
The police department ’s internal affairs division investigated the 2001 brutality case and filed no departmental charges against Llukaci or any of the other officers , Piedmonte said .
Five other officers named as defendants in the lawsuit were cleared of any wrongdoing .
Llukaci was the only officer of the five who was n’t in court for the trial , Piedmonte wrote .
Llukaci was on vacation , and had testified on videotape .
The city did not give Llukaci enough advance notice to allow him to testify at the trial , Piedmonte said .
Even so , Llukaci offered to cancel his trip so he would be available , but the city ’s lawyers told him it was n’t necessary , Piedmonte said .
All that is beside the point , Miner said .
The jury made its decision , and she ’s responding to it , she said .
“ When I see punitive damages being awarded , I know that a jury or a court has found those facts to be worthy of punishment , ” she said .
“ That , in and of itself , raised a red flag for me . ”
Llukaci has been an officer for 17 years .
He volunteered to work undercover drug investigations in 2008 for 18 months because the department had no one else , Piedmonte said .
Police arrested more than 20 people on more than 80 felony charges because of his undercover work , Piedmonte said .
Llukaci declined to comment through Connellan , as did police Chief Frank Fowler .
Fowler and Deputy Chief Shawn Broton tried in vain to convince Miner not to rescind the award , Piedmonte wrote in his e-mail .
Miner disputed Piedmonte ’s claim .
She defended her decision as necessary in her mission to change the culture in the police department .
That ’s especially important in light of three large jury verdicts against the city in lawsuits filed by female police officers claiming the department retaliated against their complaints of discrimination , she said .
“ Officer Llukaci was found to have violated the law and was awarded by a jury punitive damages for excessive force , ” Miner said .
“ I thought it would be sending a mixed message shortly after he had this verdict levied against him to be awarding him the Wallie Howard Award . ”
Howard was working undercover Oct. 30 , 1990 , when drug dealers murdered him .
“ Here we are in the 20th year of Wallie ’s death , and no one ’s going to get the award , ” Piedmonte said .
Kelly accused Llukaci and the other officers of using excessive force against him in the drug case in May 2001 .
He said Llukaci punched him in the face and used a racial slur during an interrogation .
In his deposition , Llukaci denied the accusations , Piedmonte said .
Kelly was convicted of selling crack cocaine and assaulting another officer with his car , Piedmonte said .
Kelly was sentenced to eight years in prison .
A committee of 12 members of the police department chose Llukaci and 19 others for the awards .
Fowler signed the commendations , Piedmonte said .
It ’s not the mayor ’s job to decide who should get the awards , he said .
“ Alp should be judged on his undercover career and given the medal that the committee decided he earned , ” Piedmonte wrote .
Miner said she ’s been working to clean out a minority of police officers whose behavior has been inappropriate .
" We are actively changing the culture and that behavior , ” she said .
“ I would not turn a blind eye to that behavior by awarding individuals who have engaged in it . ”
Contact John O'Brien at jobrien@syracuse.com or 470-2187 .
Kristian Kissling
The new Ubuntu theme got a lot of community acclaim .
However , a few commentators complained about a particular feature : the position of the buttons in the taskbar .
The Ubuntu designers most recently repositioned the buttons to close , minimize and maximize the window in the upper left corner .
Those of us used to quick mouse activity might find the new positioning a bane to our workflow .
Fortunately a new Python script exists to remedy this situation , as announced in the OMG !
Ubuntu blog .
The script repositions the buttons with the help of a GUI , thereby avoiding having to muck with GNOME 's awkward GConf editor .
Downloading the script is as easy as following a link , storing it locally and executing it .
Then in Nautilus it 's simply right - mouse - clicking and selecting Properties : Settings and putting a check mark in " Run program as file . "
Finally , double - click the program , do an execute and the special window will show up .
Re : {how to root your htc evo} < coming soon to a thread near you >
I love you toast .
In a manly , non-homosexual kinda way !!
The GOP becomes the party of BP and Republican Joe Barton goes full on belly up for his European masters :
I apologize ... I think it is a tragedy of the first proportion that a private corporation can be subjected to what I would characterize as a shakedown , in this case a $ 20 billion shakedown ... I apologize ...
( Image by Karen Wehrstein , and I saw the letters first when Kos used them on Twitter ) .
OK , traditional media , now 's your big chance to distinguish yourself from Fox Noise and right - wing radio apologists .
You have a senior conservative lawmaker apologizing , twice , to the CEO of a negligent foreign oil company simply because we demand they pay for their massive , ongoing clusterfuck that is covering US fisheries and beaches in thick oily goo and ruining thousands of lives every day .
With the implication , we can infer , that taxpayers should pay for it .
A company incidentally that had 760 safety violations -- about 50 times more than all the other big oil companies combined .
So ready , aim , fire !
Or are you a bought and paid for member of the GO ( B ) P too ?
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The " quantum resonator " can be seen with the naked eye Researchers have created a " quantum state " in the largest object yet .
Such states , in which an object is effectively in two places at once , have until now only been accomplished with single particles , atoms and molecules .
In this experiment , published in the journal Nature , scientists produced a quantum state in an object billions of times larger than previous tests .
The team says the result could have significant implications in quantum computing .
One of the pillars of quantum mechanics is the idea that objects absorb and emit energy in tiny discrete packets known as quanta .
This can be seen in a piece of coloured glass , which absorbs a certain colour of light .
That light is made up of photons - packets of light energy - and the glass atoms absorb only photons with the quanta ( or amount ) of energy that corresponds to that colour .
What we see through the glass is the light that has not been absorbed .
At the atomic level , quantum mechanics predicts - and experiments demonstrate - a number of surprising effects beyond that , however .
If all the energy that an atom gets from the jostling atoms in its environment is removed by cooling it to phenomenally low temperatures , it can reach its " quantum ground state " - no more energy can be removed .
If just one quantum of energy is then carefully put back in a certain way , the atom can be said to be in two states at the same time : a superposition of states .
Although only one quantum of energy is put in , any measurements will show either zero or one quanta ; strictly , the atom has both .
Down to ground
These superpositions of states have long been predicted to be useful for a pursuit known as quantum computing ; if used in place of the zeroes and ones of digital computing , a quantum computer would be vastly more powerful .
Similar approaches could lead to the quantum ground state of a virus
However , creating these states in anything bigger than single atoms and molecules has proven difficult , because the larger an object is , the more tricky it becomes to isolate it from its environment and put it in its ground state .
" There is this question of where the dividing line is between the quantum world and the classical world we know , " said Andrew Cleland of the University of California , Santa Barbara .
" We know perfectly well that things are not in two places at the same time in our everyday experience , but this fundamental theory of physics says that they can be , " he told BBC News .
Now , Professor Cleland and his team have moved that dividing line , using an object just big enough to be seen with the naked eye .
They used a tiny piece of what is known as a piezoelectric material , which expands and contracts when an electrical current is run through it .
A current applied at a certain frequency causes it to expand and contract regularly and , just like a violin string , the material has a frequency at which it is inclined to vibrate .
They connected this resonator to an electric circuit that the team has been developing for three years .
This can be tuned to put in just one quantum of electrical energy .
What they 've shown here is a mechanical oscillator as a completely new quantum system , and I personally think it 's a really important one
Markus Aspelmeyer
University of Vienna
They cooled the whole apparatus down to a thousandth of a degree above absolute zero and confirmed that their resonator was in its quantum ground state .
The researchers designed the system so that they could " pump in " just one quantum of electrical energy at a time and see the oscillator begin to vibrate as it converted that quantum into one quantum of vibrational energy .
As it vibrated , the team showed that the resonator was in one of the slippery superpositions of states , with both one and zero quanta of energy .
Sensors and sensibility
The result is a huge push toward answering the question of whether quantum mechanical effects simply disappear in objects beyond a certain size .
" As far as mechanical objects are concerned , the dividing line was at around 60 atoms , " Professor Cleland said .
" With this experiment , we 've shown that the dividing line can be pushed up all the way to about a trillion atoms . "
The ability to create these superpositions of states and to read them out using the same circuit that created them would make for a quantum - based memory storage system - the heart of a potential quantum computer .
Previously , the largest quantum state was achieved in a buckyball Markus Aspelmeyer of the University of Vienna believes that the mechanical oscillator approach will , in time , prove its worth in the business of quantum computing .
" What they 've shown here is a mechanical oscillator as a completely new quantum system , and I personally think it 's a really important one , " he told BBC News .
" It means that you can now utilise mechanical resonators in quantum experiments and that opens a completely new perspective , in particular for quantum information science . "
Although these tiny resonators could be made in huge arrays using techniques that are standard in the computer industry , Professor Cleland says that using different systems based on photons instead of vibrations would most likely perform better in any eventual computers .
But , he said , the devices might be used in reverse , to detect the tiniest of vibrations that are created when light interacts with matter or when chemical reactions take place .
In either case , these devices have added to the debate about quantum mechanics and whether its surprising and , as Albert Einstein famously put it , " spooky " effects play a role in the everyday objects around us .
" I do n't think there is a limit , that there will be a certain size where quantum mechanics starts to break down , " Dr Aspelmeyer said .
" The larger we go , it becomes increasingly difficult and we will bump into more and more practical limitations .
So the only reason that things could break down is that we run out of money . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sheriff Joe Arpaio on Monday announced plans to use a live - streaming video
Web site to deliver a weekly address to the media and public .
The Web program " JMA TV - 1 " will stream Wednesdays at 1:30 p.m. for five to 10 minutes , depending on the subject matter , according to a statement from the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office .
The program will cover law - enforcement activities and other topics .
It is unclear when the first program will air .
Arpaio ran a similar program in the 1990s that allowed Internet users to watch inmates be booked into jail .
The program will be streamed www.ustream.tv/channel/JMA-tv1, according to the statement .
Dick Armey has some advice for tea party candidates :
Republican candidates popular with tea party activists should refrain from self - identifying as tea party candidates – and also should stay off MSNBC , Dick Armey said Wednesday .
They should hide who they are and mask their real agenda ?
Maybe they should call themselves the Citizens United Party .
And who should they talk to ?
“ Fox News for many of us , we believe is more accurate and reliable than most news most of the time , and we are quite comfortable enjoy when we ’ve given interviews there , ” he said .
* Activists deny firing guns seized from troops
* Israeli official says outnumbered troops fought to survive
* Desperate efforts to treat wounded at sea
( Adds detail and comment throughout )
By Simon Cameron - Moore and Yara Bayoumy
ISTANBUL / BEIRUT June 3 ( Reuters ) - Freed after days held incommunicado in Israeli jail , survivors of Monday ’s storming of an aid ship described a “ bloodbath ” , with people shot before their eyes and desperate efforts to treat the wounded .
Those aboard the flotilla returned home on Thursday after being held in Israeli jail since the raid , at last able to give their own accounts of the incident in which Israeli troops killed nine activists aboard the cruise liner Mavi Marmara .
There were sharp differences in accounts : activists accused Israeli troops of war crimes , while Israel held to its line that they fired in self - defence .
In one of the key differences , activists denied Israeli accusations that they fired first , with guns they had seized from Israeli troops in the melee .
All sides described a scene of confusion and mayhem in the botched assault .
“ People had been shot in the arms , legs , in the head -- everywhere .
We had so many injured .
It was a bloodbath , ” said Laura Stuart , a British housewife and first aider .
She described frantic attempts to treat the injured in a makeshift sick room on the ship , and failed attempts to resuscitate some of the dead .
FOUR ISRAELIS CAPTURED IN FIRST WAVE
Andre Abu Khalil , a Lebanese cameraman for Al Jazeera TV , gave an account that backed some of what both sides have said .
In his telling , activists initially wounded and captured four Israelis from a first wave that boarded the ship .
A second wave of troops tried to storm the ship after the four were taken below decks .
“ Twenty Turkish men formed a human shield to prevent the Israeli soldiers from scaling the ship .
They had slingshots , water pipes and sticks , ” he said .
“ They were banging the pipes on the side of the ship to warn the Israelis not to get closer . ”
After a 10 - minute standoff the Israelis opened fire .
“ One man got a direct hit to the head and another one was shot in the neck , ” he said .
In all he saw some 40 people wounded , some to the legs , eye , stomach and chest .
One activist used a loudhailer to tell the Israelis the four captive soldiers were well and would be released if they provided medical help for the wounded activists .
With an Israeli Arab lawmaker acting as mediator , the Israelis agreed .
Wounded were brought to the deck and were airlifted off the ship .
Israel says its troops fired only after some of their weapons had been seized by activists , who fired first .
“ Once the soldiers saw knives , metal rods , chains , broken bottles , and they were shot at , they shot back and killed nine of them , ” Israeli military spokesman Captain Ayre Shalicar said .
ACTIVISTS DENY FIRING
One of the organisers on board who returned on Thursday from an Israeli jail , Bulent Yildirim , chairman of the Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief ( IHH ) , said activists had indeed seized weapons , but never fired them .
“ They were trying to land on the boat .
So obviously there was this hand - to - hand combat and during that process the people on the boat were basically able to disarm some of the soldiers because they did have guns with them , ” Burney told Reuters .
Asked if anyone had used the guns against the Israeli commandos , he said : “ No , not at all . ”
Canadian Farooq Burney , director of a Qatari educational initiative , said the commandos waited more than an hour before treating the wounded , even though activists had made a makeshift sign reading : “ S.O.S. .. Please provide medical assistance . ”
The 37 - year - old Canadian said he witnessed one elderly man bleed to death before his eyes after being shot .
“ He just passed out in front of us and we could n’t see where he was hit so we opened up his lifejacket and we could clearly see that he was hit in the chest , ” Burney said .
“ He was losing a lot of blood .
It was on ... the right , just close to his chest and there was blood coming out from there .
He passed away . ”
The nine dead activists , who were brought home on Thursday in wooden coffins , were all Turks , including one dual U.S. - Turkish citizen .
Yildirim said some activists were still missing , adding that an Indonesian doctor was shot in the stomach as he helped a wounded Israeli soldier .
“ I took off my shirt and waved it , as a white flag .
We thought they would stop after seeing the white flag , but they continued killing people , ” Yildirim said .
“ A friend of ours saw two dead bodies in a toilet . ”
British activist Sarah Colborne , of the Palestine Solidarity Campaign , said she was on deck when commandos approached in boats , “ bristling with arms ” .
Others roped down from hovering helicopters and sound and gas bombs were let off .
“ It looked like they were capable of killing anyone .
They had obviously been fired up , ” the 43 - year - old told reporters .
“ I saw one person who had been shot in the head between the eyes , ” she said .
“ That made me realise how dangerous it was .
That for me made me think they are using live ammunition , people are getting killed . ”
( Additional reporting by Alexandra Hudson and Allyn Fisher - Ilan in JERUSALEM , Christian Lowe in ALGIERS and Avril Ormsby in LONDON ; editing by Peter Graff )
Abortion and civil rights activists are worried Elena Kagan is n’t liberal enough
It appears as if Barack Obama ’s nomination of Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court is going to get a little more contentious than his last pick– Sonya Sotomayor .
But the contention seems to be coming from both sides , not just the right .
This is what happens when you nominate someone who does n’t have much of a written resume , you garner doubts from both sides– just ask George W Bush how it went with Harriet Miers .
Both sides have their doubts about Kagan ; the right is afraid that she– much like Barack Obama– has purposely created this blank slate from which to work from in order to hide how much of a leftist she is , while the left is afraid that she may not be as liberal as they hope she will be .
Everybody THINKS they know who she really is and what she stands for , but nobody KNOWS for sure .
The issues that the right are focusing their attention on are the issues of the second amendment , the freedom of speech , and the fact that she worked to prohibit military recruiters at Harvard– something that Jeff Sessions claims broke the law .
Eyebrows were raised by the right when it was learned that she was “ not sympathetic ” to a man who claimed his constitutional right to keep and bear arms was being violated .
She also said that the second amendment as well as the right to free speech have “ strong but not unlimited protection . ”
She has shown an aversion to the recent Supreme Court decision that ruled part of the McCain / Feingold campaign finance law unconstitutional .
But the fact remains that Elena Kagan will be confirmed as the next Supreme Court justice– that is unless the left raises too much of a fuss about the unknown aspects of Kagan ’s stances , so I am going to focus this post on the two major issues that it appears the left may have with her .
The issues that appear to be most concerning to the left are her lack of activity on civil rights issues , and her stance on abortion .
Let us look at the issue of civil rights first :
Her resume notably lacks a stint doing the kind of traditional civil - rights work that other Democratic nominees could point to , as evidence of their liberal credentials .
This really should be a non-issue , especially in light of the fact that the NAACP has unanimously endorsed her but the fact is that her lack of a written record on these issues has many liberals concerned about her positions .
the issue of race is one reason some liberals fear Kagan ’s confirmation would actually tug the court to the right , particularly on voting rights , immigration and racial profiling cases that could come before the justices
I am not even going to get into how insulting that position is – the fact that the liberals believe that a court which moved to the right would restrict voting rights stands on its own as outrageous– as if asking a voter to prove that he or she is actually the person they are claiming to be somehow violates their rights .
But the racial concerns that the left has about Kagan gets even deeper than that because while she was the dean at Harvard no minorities became tenured .
No African - American became a tenured or tenure - track professor at Harvard Law School while Kagan was dean
And then there is the following quote from a memo she wrote to President Clinton in 1997 – one of the few times she is actually on record saying something :
“ We believe that the central focus of the race initiative should be a race - neutral opportunity agenda that reflects these common values and aspirations .
Of course , there is still a need for strong civil rights enforcement , narrowly tailored affirmative action programs and certain other kind of targeted initiatives … .
But the best hope for improving race relations and reducing racial disparities over the long term is a set of policies that expand opportunity across race lines and , in doing so , force the recognition of shared interests . ”
This certainly seems to the average person to be an entirely respectable position for a person to have .
The fact that all races should be treated equally without one race being lifted above another is what would happen in a perfect world – but she used the term “ race - neutral ” which to the left means that race would not even be considered when a company was hiring a person .
While that would seem like a good thing to the average person , the far leftist views this as a racist position .
They want people to notice race and they want to give certain races preferential treatment , they do not want “ race - neutral ” policies .
To the leftist noticing race and hiring based on race– providing you hire the correct race– is non-racist , while not noticing a person ’s race and treating everyone equal is in fact being racist .
This is backwards logic , by putting one race above another– no matter which race it is – you are being a racist , while using “ race - neutral ” policies is actually the non-racist position .
So the left just is n’t sure about Kagan ’s civil rights credentials , but that is not the only issue that may pose a problem for Elena Kagan with the left in this country .
There is her abortion stance– or stances .
Again , because of her lack of courtroom experience and political writings , we just do n’t know exactly where she stands on this issue as well .
There has been some pointing towards an essay that she wrote in 1980 , in which she seemed to chide pro-life candidates by sarcastically calling them “ these avengers of ‘ innocent life ’ and the B - 1 bomber . ”
That seems to indicate that she is pro-choice– and it has some Republicans up in arms - but then there is the memo that she wrote in which she urged President Clinton to compromise on a bill in 1997 and keep in place a ban on late term abortions .
And it is this memo that has the left wondering about her liberal credentials in general .
The left will have trouble supporting a person that was willing to compromise on an abortion issue– even an issue as vile as late term abortion .
Any compromise on this issue is considered a loss by the far left who feel that all abortions should be allowed , at any time , for any reason .
There may not be allot of political writing from Elena Kagan to this date , but the writings that we have seen seem to indicate that she may not be as far left leaning as the man who she is replacing was .
This means the left will see this nomination as the court moving further to the right , and that is not acceptable to them .
And her total lack of courtroom experience does nothing to alleviate the concerns that the left has with her .
They probably should trust Barack Obama , I do n’t see any way that he would nominate a person who did not share his beliefs .
But there is always the chance that Barack Obama chose a more moderate candidate in an attempt to pick a person who would be quickly confirmed so that his domestic agenda would n’t get derailed by a long confirmation process .
If this was his thinking , than it quite possibly backfire on him .
The left simply does not know enough about her to give her their full support and that could be the one problem that Elena Kagan faces during her confirmation hearing , she may be drilled harder by the left than she is by the right .
I hope that the senate confirmation hearings push her hard , because a Supreme Court nomination is one of the most important decisions that a president has to make , and that decision is for life .
We need to know where Elena Kagan stands on these issue .
America needs to know , both sides and the middle need to know .
As of right now , none of us know what to expect from her .
Barack Obama is calling for quick action on Elena Kagan , but it is because of all of these unknown factors that Elena Kagan deserves heavy scrutiny on the issues– Barack Obama said it best himself while talking about Harriet Miers ’ lack of judicial experience when he said , “ since her experience does not include serving as a judge , we have yet to know her views on many of the critical constitutional issues facing our country today .
In the coming weeks , we ’ll need as much information and forthright testimony from Ms. Miers as possible so that the U.S. Senate can make an educated and informed decision on her nomination to the Supreme Court . ”
Those may be the truest words that Barack Obama has ever spoken , hopefully he will understand that the people who have these concerns today , are many of the same people that had the similar concerns over the nomination of Harriet Miers , because he was one of those people .
Looking to convert all your normal videos in your Mac to 3D videos ?
Look no further than ImTOO Video Converter for Mac .
This versatile Mac video converter can convert between nearly all HD and SD format videos , and convert them into 3D videos with amazing image quality .
Among the many video formats supported by this great Video Converter for Mac include AVCHD ( *.m2ts , *.mts ) , H.264/MPEG -4 AVC , H.265/HEVC , MPEG - 2 HD , MPEG - 4 TS HD , MPEG - 2 TS HD , Quick Time HD , WMV HD , AVI HD , MKV , H.264/AVC , AVI , WMV , MPEG , MP4 , MOV and many others .
It can also work as an audio converter to convert between all popular audio files such as MP3 , WMA , AAC , WAV , CDA , OGG , APE , CUE and so on .
ImTOO Video Converter for Mac supports most multimedia devices including the iPad , iPhone , iPod touch , Apple TV , PSP , PS3 , BlackBerry , Zune , Archos , iRiver , Creative Zen Vision , Xbox360 , Google phones , and mobile phones .
In addition , you can also edit your files by clipping / merging / splitting / cropping , adding watermarks / soundtracks / effects using this perfect Mac video converter .
Try it for FREE now !
If , like me , you learn best by studying other code here 's five some open - source rails apps with something to teach .
They 're a great resource to study and improve your own code , or to use as the starting point for your own applications .
All of these applications use Rails 2 but as they are open - source they are a great opportunity to get your feet wet in the Rails 3 world by helping to port them across .
Update :
Thanks to the comments here and over on Hacker News , I 've added two more applications and made some comments on the non-standard nature of the Loved by Less application code .
Gemcutter A site familiar to all Ruby developers is Gemcutter - the recent replacement for the venerable Rubyforge .
I was n't aware that the source code of the site was open source until danieldon pointed it out to me , but you can study the code on github .
The Gemcutter source is written in a very modern way featuring examples of using Cucumber for integration testing , a simple Rack middleware example and an interesting routes.rb file showing how to cleanly version an API .
Features A very modern Rails application featuring the latest best practices .
Examples of metal and rack middleware .
Spot Us Spot
Us is a website that allows individuals to commission freelance journalists .
It has many social - network type features which make the source code interesting reading .
The comprehensive test suite is written with rspec and the ruby - like templating system HAML is used for the views .
It 's also an example of how to use jQuery in a rails app instead of the default prototype through the use of the jrails plugin .
Features Haml
rspec
jquery with the jrails plugin .
Loved by Less Loved By Less is an open - source social network .
I think many Rails freelancers have been asked to create a site with social network features - profiles , ' friending ' , photo sharing etc .
Less Everything were no different and created this open - source platform to help ease the pain of getting started .
The source code is available on github .
It 's unlikely that simply cloning the app will give you everything you need , but it 's an amazing resource to read through and take the bits you need for your project .
The loved by less source code is starting to show it's age a bit , and does include some pretty extensive monkey patching which may confuse a newcomer .
While I do n't think this is bad in itself ( it shows the flexibility of Ruby , and also the dangers of not following Rails conventions ) , it 's something to be aware of .
I think porting this to Rails 3 would give newcomers to Rails a great resource to learn from .
Features Search with Thinking Sphinx
Flickr integration
Comprehensive email support
Paperclip for attachments
Saasy
If you 're working on a Software as a Service application , take a look at Saasy .
It 's a template application designed to do billing and authentication tasks ' so you do n't have to ' .
Studying the code base , you 'll see examples of using SSL security and ActiveMerchant .
I was also interested in the accounts model which uses the acts_as_state_machine plugin to simplify some of the logic .
Features acts_as_state_machine
ActiveMerchant
Simply Agile Simply Agile by Andrew Bruce is an open source agile software project management application .
Think of a simple version of Pivotal Tracker .
You can add story cards to a backlog , and then assign each card to a sprint .
Each time a card is completed you can drag and drop it to the appropriate column in the Simply Agile task board .
Andrew has a very dedicated approach to test - driven development and as a result the application is well covered by cucumber and rspec tests .
The javascript in this application is written in an unobtrusive style and is a good example of using jQuery for " progressive enhancement " .
The app is fully functional in browsers without javascript , but where javascript is available so is the drag - and - drop interface .
Features Cucumber integration tests
rspec coverage
Drag and drop interface powered by jQuery .
Typo Typo is " the oldest and most powerful Ruby on Rails blogware " and is still under active development .
While the 15 minute blog is still a fantastic demonstration of how powerful Rails is for rapid application development , anyone who has decided to take the project further and create their own fully - featured blog system will know how much extra work is needed .
From comment systems , to anti-spam protection , restful routing to upload support there are many features that need to be added .
Thankfully Typo has already implemented these and many other features , and the source code is available to help you learn how to do the same .
Features rspec for testing
internationalisation support
email notification
admin and public - facing interfaces
Open Source Rails
Open source rails is a gallery of open - source rails projects .
I selected this project for this list because although the code itself is n't well documented or tested , in many ways this is illustrates a great strenght of the Rails framework .
It is a good project to study to realise how much can be achieved with a small amount of code and a handful of powerful plugins ( not that I 'd recommend starting your next Rails project without tests , of course ! ) .
Features OpenID integration
Paperclip for file uploads
A simple set of routes .
You may have assumed that M.I.A. would have spent the last few days trying to distance herself from the fallout over her New York Times profile and her subsequent tweeting of a reporter ’s personal phone number , perhaps by enjoying a relaxing holiday weekend of just chilling and thinking about refugee camps while dressed up like a tiger .
Instead she continued her campaign to expose the “ truth ” behind what she believed was reporter Lynn Hirschberg ’s smear campaign , posting audio from the interview on her blog under the heading , “ War Crimes And French Fries . ”
In the first clip , Hirschberg is heard raving about and then ordering the “ truffle - flavored French fry ” that became the starchy symbol of privilege and hypocrisy the journalist used , to great effect , as a way of undercutting MI.
A. ’s declaration that she wants to be “ an outsider . ” ( Advantage M.I.A. , as this is a clear case of appetizer - related entrapment . )
She also posts a second clip that expands on her comments about using her Grammys appearance to bring attention to the war in Sri Lanka ; in it she ’s heard saying , “ It was n't just about me , and me getting to the Oscars , or me going to the Grammys .
That does n't mean anything .
The whole point of the journey was so you can go , ' Hey , 50,000 people are going to die next month .
Here 's your opportunity to help . '
And no one did , and they still died .
It was n't about accolades or fame . ”
Which is n’t markedly different from how she was quoted in the original piece , but by posting Hirschberg ’s sympathetic response ( “ Oh yeah , I understand ” ) it serves to illustrate M.I.A. ’s basic beef with Hirschberg :
She lured her in by pretending to take her commitment to political activism seriously , while secretly concocting an angle on how silly it is to pretend that a Grammys performance with Jay - Z and Kanye West counts as activism .
Advertisement
Along with the interview excerpts , M.I.A. also posted a new song called “ I ’m A Singer , ” that starts off saying , “ So you wanna hear about my politics / Yeah , I could show you things that could make you sick , ” before accusing the Army of spying on her by using “ satellites above me taking pics . ”
This seems to fit into M.I.A. ’s burgeoning paranoia , as expressed to Nylon , about the Internet , which she believes is basically one big spy network set up by the government : “ Everyone on the Internet is like , ‘ Oh my God , come and join Facebook ! ’
They ’re all so optimistic … and really , everyone is fucking you up behind the screens .
And I do n’t like that .
It makes it difficult for me to interact with my fans knowing that .
Google and Facebook were developed by the CIA , and when you ’re on there , you have to know that . ”
In that same article , M.I.A. talks glowingly about her teen years , having “ crazy times ” hanging out with “ all the Bloods and the Crips , ” and apparently running the streets with Tupac Shakur , which should settle the question of whether she 's totally gangsta once and for all .
Affordable Africa
Welcome to Marula
We invite you to come and stay with us at Marula Lodge , an owner run business , offering affordable safaris into the South Luangwa National park .
​
Set 5 minutes from the main gate to the park , we offer great safaris to those who are looking for excellent value for money , an abundance of wildlife and a comfortable , peaceful place to stay .
​
Our morning and night game drives and walking safaris rank with the best .
Our reputation for dedicated service is built on years of return business and personal attention .
Rooms & Rates
We 've got loads of affordable options , including a backpacker dorm , permanent tents , and comfortable en-suite chalets to suit every traveler .
​ More Info ...
Safaris & More
Since we cater to such a variety of needs ,
We have created several inclusive packages , which include safari’s , walks , and tours .
You can always drop us a line for details , rates , options and more .
Have a look below for brief descriptions of what to expect on the different drives and tours we have available . ​
Morning Drives
It 's an early start but its worth it .
With the sun just rising , we 'll serve you a light breakfast to start the day .
By 6 am you 'll be heading into the park for 4 hours of wonderful wildlife with one of our expert local guides .
There will be a quick mid-morning rest stop , light snack and a stretch .
You 'll be back around 10 am with irreplaceable memories , great photos and a urge to laze about around the pool .
Night Drives
After some carefree monkey watching , working on your tan , enjoying a tasty brunch , and possibly getting some shut - eye , we will serve snacks with tea , coffee and juice at 3 pm .
Around 3:30 pm you 'll set out to enjoy the last few hours of daytime wildlife .
As the sun starts to disappear , you 'll stop for sun-downers , some epic sunset pictures and then head into the night to try catch some of the elusive nocturnal creatures with the help of an eagle eyed spotter and his light .
Walking Safaris
" A walk in the park ! " The South Luangwa is famous for walking safaris .
This is your chance to join our scout and guide on a stroll through the park where you can really connect with the bush .
You ’ll discover the secrets of the African earth together with a wealth of information to truly appreciate all creatures great and small .
Leaving the lodge with your picnic tea at 2 pm , the guide will find a safe spot and set out on a circular walk at a pace that allows you to absorb the sights and smells of this little slice of paradise .
Back at the vehicle there will be scrumptious sun-downers before you return to camp for a relaxing evening .
This is an optional extra , and can be added to your package for just $ 20 per person , or if you 're not on a package it 's $ 65 per person .
Village Walks
If you 're also interested in the other side of the coin , why not join the young locals on a tour through the little village of Mfuwe .
Marula supports some of the local schools , where you will start the tour .
Here you can see where the charity goes , and get some insight into the rural education situation .
Moving on , there will be a pause for a climb and some fun under the famous Sendamira baobab tree .
You 'll experience first - hand , everything from local cooking , to beer brewing , conservation projects and the delightful village markets .
This is a $ 10 extra ( for transport ) or $ 20 if you 'd like to do it on a bicycle , and you may want to tip that keen young Zambian too !
Self driving is also permitted in the park in your own vehicle , without a qualified guide .
To conduct game drives with a qualified guide or to stay inside the park after 18:00 hrs you need to be a licensed tour operator .
It is for this reason that we cannot allow 3rd party game drives , and all activities while staying at Marula Lodge must be organised through us .
Gallery
Happy Bike - to - Work Day !
If bicycling is a feasible commuting option , the American League of Bicyclists encourages you to try it today .
I work from home on Fridays , so I wo n't be biking , but my husband Alex will ride his old hybrid the approximately 12 hilly miles from our home in Falls Church , Va. , to Capitol Hill in Washington .
People can save big bucks in car - related expenses by driving less , according to a recent report by CEOs for Cities , a group of urban leaders that promotes city living .
It finds New York City residents save $ 19 billion annually , because they drive less than people in any other major U.S. city .
If you 're a beginner , the Sierra Club offers commuter tips .
" Do n't assume that the route you use in your car is the best one for biking , " it says , encouraging people to get maps of bike trails in their area .
" If you live in a city with a lot of hills , take them into consideration .
Going a little out of your way might be worth it to keep away from monster climbs . "
Well - established as the top defensive forward in the NHL today , Detroit Red Wings center Pavel Datsyuk is leaving his mark as one of the best of all - time .
Datsyuk won the Frank J. Selke Trophy as the league 's premier defensive forward for the third consecutive season Wednesday at the NHL Awards Show in Las Vegas .
Datsyuk 's streak of four consecutive Lady Byng Trophies for sportsmanship and gentlemanly conduct was snapped by Martin St. Louis of the Tampa Bay Lightning .
Red Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard finished second to Buffalo Sabres defenseman Tyler Myers in balloting for the Calder Trophy as top rookie .
Only Bob Gainey of the Montreal Canadiens has won the Selke more often than Datsyuk , capturing the award the first four years it was presented ( 1977 - 78 to 1980 - 81 ) .
Guy Carbonneau of Montreal and Jere Lehtinen of Dallas also have won the Selke three times .
" This trophy is special for me , '' Datsyuk said in a phone interview .
" I 'm happy to represent the Red Wings .
I hope it 's not my last one . ''
Datsyuk led the league in takeaways for the third time in the past four seasons with 132 , 49 more than Selke runner - up Ryan Kesler of the Vancouver Canucks .
Datsyuk ranked second on the Red Wings with a plus - 17 rating and won a team - best 55 percent of his faceoffs .
" It 's very important , '' Datsyuk said of his defensive game .
" When I came to the NHL , everybody knew I was skilled guy .
Not everybody talk about my defense .
But you need to work to be a better ( defensive ) player .
" ( Coaches ) Scotty ( Bowman ) , Dave Lewis , Mike Babcock told me you need to be better defensively . ''
He credited teammates , past and present , for helping him reach this level .
" ( Steve ) Yzerman , ( Sergei ) Fedorov , ( Igor ) Larionov , I learned every day in practice from those guys , '' Datsyuk said .
" I 'm happy to disappoint a guy and make him not score on us .
I want to score a lot , but I 'm happy if they do n't score to us . ''
Datsyuk , 31 , received 37 first - place votes and was named on 99 of 133 ballots for 688 points , edging Kesler ( 36 first - place votes , 655 points ) .
While accepting the award , Datsyuk joked , " I want to thank management for paying me -- I wish it to never stop . ''
St. Louis won the Lady Byng after finishing as a runner - up the past three seasons , denying Datsyuk a record fifth consecutive trophy .
St. Louis finished with 74 first - place votes and 971 points , easily outdistancing Datsyuk , who was third with 17 first - place votes and 438 points , just behind Brad Richards of Dallas ( one first - place vote , 449 points ) .
Detroit 's Nicklas Lidstrom was fifth with 215 points ( 10 first - place votes ) .
" I'm a little bit jealous .
I would have liked to make history , '' Datsyuk said .
" But I have lots of penalty minutes ( only 18 ) .
I 'm kind of mad I did not win .
But I 'm happy for St. Louis . ''
In the Calder balloting , Myers received 94 of 133 first - place votes , finishing with 1,178 points .
Howard had 24 first - place votes and 778 points .
Colorado center Matt Duchene was third with 755 points .
Vancouver forward Henrik Sedin won the Hart Trophy as league MVP , snapping the two - year run by Washington 's Alex Ovechkin , who took home the Ted Lindsay Award as the NHL Players Association MVP .
A pair of former Michigan State standouts took home hardware .
Chicago 's Duncan Keith won the Norris Trophy as top defenseman , and Buffalo 's Ryan Miller captured the Vezina Trophy as the best goalie .
Lidstrom finished fourth in Norris voting , garnering four first - place votes and 303 points .
Phoenix 's Dave Tippett won the Jack Adams Award as the top coach .
Babcock finished fourth , receiving two first - place votes .
Pittsburgh 's Sidney Crosby won the Mark Messier Leadership Award , Phoenix 's Shane Doan the King Clancy Award ( leadership qualities on and off the ice ) and Washington goalie Jose Theodore the Masterton Trophy for dedication and perseverance .
Lidstrom was named a second - team All - Star .
Howard was named to the NHL's all - rookie team .
Confirmation Bias Activity
Welcome .
This activity will illustrate what is known as confirmation bias .
Try to enter number triples that satisfy the same rule as the example .
You can keep track of your hypotheses in the provided area , and track your confidence in your hypothesis .
When you are certain of the rule , click " I know the answer ! " to see how you did .
Trial Fits Rule ?
Find the rule Confidence Example : 3 , 5 , 7 Trial : , , Hypothesis : No hypothesis Confidence :
Not Confident
Somewhat Confident
Fairly Confident
Almost Certain
The hackers who harvested more than 100,000 Apple iPad 3G owner e-mail addresses blasted AT&T as " dishonest " today , and said the group has an exploit it or others could have used against all iPad owners .
The hacking group Goatse Security obtained the e-mail addresses using an automated PHP script that collected iPad 3G owners ' ICC - ID numbers and associated addresses from AT&T 's servers using a publicly - available feature of the carrier 's Web site .
AT&T disabled the feature last week , a day before the Valleywag Web site first reported the story .
On Sunday , AT&T used e-mail to apologize to customers for the hack , said Goatse " maliciously exploited a function designed to make your iPad log - in faster " and claimed the group " went to great efforts " to scrape information from its servers .
One member of Goatse took exception to AT&T 's words .
" AT&T is being dishonest about the potential for harm , " said Escher Auernheimer in a post today to the Goatse blog .
Specifically , said Auernheimer , other hackers armed with an iPad exploit could have used owner e-mail addresses in a targeted attack -- based on messages posing as ones from AT&T or Apple -- to hijack their tablets .
" A complete list of iPad 3G customers , which could have been generated from this vulnerability [ Goatse uncovered ] , would have the ideal bit of data for those ... with zero - day Safari exploits , " Auernheimer argued .
Such a vulnerability exists , Auernheimer continued , noting that he had posted information and attack code for a Safari bug March 23 .
Apple has patched the flaw in the desktop version of Safari , but has yet to close the hole in the stripped - down browser on the iPad , he added .
" We released this in March , mind you , and Apple still has n't got around to patching this on the iPad ! " said Auernheimer .
Last week , Apple patched 48 vulnerabilities in Safari for Mac OS X and Windows -- the first update since Auernheimer went public with his integer overflow bug .
None of the 48 patched vulnerabilities , however , was credited to Auernheimer or Goatse .
Auernheimer did not reply to e-mail asking him to point out the specific patch that fixed the vulnerability he disclosed in March .
Apple has said it will update the iPad to iOS4 -- its next - generation operating system -- sometime this fall .
Unless it ships a rush patch in the interim , the iOS4 upgrade would be the first opportunity for the company to quash the bug Auernheimer claims is in Safari on the tablet .
Auernheimer also said AT&T downplayed the ease with which someone other than Goatse could have beaten the group to the e-mail vulnerability .
In the Sunday message to customers , AT&T said Goatse " deliberately went to great efforts with a random program to extract possible ICC - IDs and capture customer e-mail addresses . "
" I 'll tell you this , the finder of the AT&T e-mail leak spent just over a single hour of labor total , not counting the time the script ran with no human intervention , to scrape the 114,000 e-mails , " said Auernheimer .
" If you see this as ' great efforts , ' so be it .
[ But ] at any given moment , whatever efforts us [ sic ] researchers are making are dwarfed by those in the thrall of evil .
So get real . "
In his blog post today , Auernheimer again defended Goatse 's release of the e-mail addresses to ValleyWag last week .
" We did it as a service to our nation .
We love America and the idea of the Russians or Chinese being able to subvert American infrastructure is a nightmare , " he said .
" I will stand by the actions of my team and protect the finder of this bug no matter what the cost . "
For its part , AT&T said it would cooperate with any investigation by authorities , including the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , which has opened a probe to determine whether Goatse broke any federal laws .
" We will ... prosecute violators to the fullest extent of the law , " AT&T said in its e-mail to iPad 3G customers .
Saying that AT&T was out to " crucify " Goatse , Auernheimer suggested the carrier take a different approach .
" You f***ed up , we helped you that figure out and informed the public .
You should thank us , but you can keep on s***- talking if you want .
We know what we did was right , " Auernheimer said .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Flesh Machine : Cyborgs , Designer Babies , & New Eugenic Consciousness
Introduction
Chapter 1 Posthuman Development in the Age of Pancapitalism
Chapter 2 Nihilism in the Flesh
Chapter 3 The Coming of Age of the Flesh Machine
Chapter 4 Buying Time for the Flesh Machine : Pharmacology and Social Order
Chapter 5 As Above , So Below
Chapter 6 Eugenics : The Second Wave
Appendix Utopian Promises — Net Realities
Anti-Copyright 1998 Autonomedia and Critical Art Ensemble
This book may be freely pirated and quoted .
The authors and publisher , however , would like to be so informed at the address below .
00:46h CEST
Disciplina sin humor .
¡ Pobre Fabio Capello !
Tanta disciplina táctica , tan poco sentido del humor , tanto esfuerzo para exterminar la fantasía en el fútbol para reducir al mínimo el riesgo y , ¿qué le pasa ?
Pues algo que no se puede contabilizar , que jamás podría haber entrado en sus múltiples planes de contingencia .
Que su equipo le regalara un gol al rival .
Pero regalar de verdad .
Toma : para ti ...
Fallo .
El error del portero inglés , Green , en el empate con EE UU fue de tal magnitud - tan impensable en una selección como la inglesa en el torneo más importante - que apenas hubiera resultado más extraño que Rooney de repente estrellara el balón , adrede , en propia meta .
Hala , para que se ponga más interesante el partido .
¿ Qué hacer con Green ?
Lo fascinante va a ser ver qué hace Don Fabio ahora .
¿ Lo manda matar , a dormir con los peces o , como a veces hacían los antiguos emperadores romanos , para demostrar su poder sobre la vida y la muerte , le perdona ?
Y si le vuelve a poner de titular y la caga otra vez , ¿qué hace ?
Se corta las venas .
Feo y sin orden .
Lo más dramático es que , Inglaterra , la gran candidata de Del Bosque , no pudo ganar a EE UU , que en el centro jugó de tú a tú contra Gerrard y Lampard todo el partido .
Y juegan feo , y encima sin mucho orden .
Si ganan el Mundial todos deberíamos pegarnos un tiro .
O al menos pensarlo .
You 've got some amazing artwork .
I was wondering if you could donate some of you 're prints to be sold in a silent auction .
All of the proceeds would go to building a school in rural Uganda .
Check out my page for more info .
A POINT OF VIEW
National identity cards are dead , but history shows it's an idea that keeps getting resurrected , says David Cannadine in his Point of View column .
Just over a week ago , the Identity Documents Bill received its second reading in the House of Commons , and it should become law by the end of the summer .
Its aim , which is consistent with the pledges previously made by both the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats , is to repeal the Identity Cards Act which the Labour government passed in 2006 .
Anti-ID card protesters got their wish
The purpose of this earlier legislation had been essentially two - fold : to make provision for a national identity card scheme , which would be implemented in stages by 2012 , and to establish a database known as the National Identity Register , which would hold unprecedented quantities of information about all of us .
Much concern was expressed at the time by human rights lawyers , security professionals and IT experts , and one of the reasons given by the coalition for repealing the 2006
Act is that it will help " reverse the substantial erosion of civil liberties and roll back state intrusion " .
In addition , the new government has claimed that the scrapping of the scheme will save about £ 86 million during the next four years .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View , with David Cannadine , is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 BST and repeated Sundays , 0850 BST
Or listen to it on the iPlayer later Identity card schemes have been introduced into this country twice before , only to be scrapped soon after amidst widespread public rejoicing and relief .
They were initially brought in during World War I , as a way of increasing domestic security at a time of unprecedented national emergency ; but they were generally regarded as a threat to civil liberties rather than a safeguard , and abandoned when the war ended .
They were introduced again in 1939 , for essentially the same reason , and were met with an equally unenthusiastic public response .
But despite these familiar objections , the Labour government of Clement Attlee decided to continue the scheme , in the face of the Cold War and the perceived Soviet threat , so it was not until 1952 that identity cards were abolished a second time .
This was partly because the Conservative government of Winston Churchill was determined to " set the people free " .
But then , as now , it was also on account of the cost .
Many of the arguments that have recently been deployed against identity cards were used in earlier times against passports , which have often been seen , and have sometimes been intended , as identity cards under another name .
Passports have gone hi-tech ...
The first reference to something anticipating the modern - day passport is in the Old Testament , in which Nehemiah bore a letter from his master , the King of Persia , addressed " to governors of the province beyond the river " , asking them to afford the bearer safe passage .
This kind of document is also mentioned in Shakespeare 's Henry V , where the king , on the eve of the Battle of Agincourt , declares to his followers : " He that hath no stomach for this fight , let him depart ; his passport shall be made . "
But neither of these papers linked individual identity with national identity as modern passports do .
They were essentially letters of safe conduct , which King Henry may well have pioneered in England .
Such documents were customarily written in Latin and in English , but in 1772 , the government adopted the international language of diplomacy , namely French , and this remained the practice even when the British were fighting Napoleon .
When in France ...
The history of the modern passport effectively begins during the decades following the defeat of France in 1815 .
... and even pets have them For many of the Continental monarchies that were restored following the downfall of Napoleon , passports were primarily a means of domestic surveillance , which enabled the authorities to keep track of people who might be a threat to the established order .
For most Britons , by contrast , the possession of a passport was a sign that they were free to leave their native land to travel anywhere in the world ; and it was also evidence that they were people of standing , for British passports could only be obtained if you knew the Foreign Secretary personally , or if you knew someone else who did .
But it did not have to be a British passport : if , for example , you wanted to travel to France , it made better sense to get a French passport from the French embassy in London , and this was something it was quite easy to do .
At this stage , then , there was no necessary link which a passport established between personal identity and national identity , and as a result , the system could be easily abused .
This happened most famously in 1858 , when an Italian revolutionary named Count Felice Orsini travelled to Paris on a British passport in the name of one Thomas Allsop , and tried to assassinate the Emperor Napoleon III .
Would - be assassin Count Felice Orsini
The attempt was unsuccessful , and Orsini was subsequently caught , tried and hanged ; but the story did n't end there .
There was a huge diplomatic row between Britain and France , as a result of which the British government , led by Lord Palmerston , was brought down by a hostile vote in parliament .
More lastingly , the whole system of granting passports was tightened up , so as to establish a much closer connection between the individual and the nation .
In future , British passports would only be given to British nationals , and they were issued in English as well as in French .
But this did n't result in the widespread proliferation of passports , for during the closing decades of the 19th Century , and in the years before 1914 , they virtually went out of use , not only in Britain , but also in much of Europe .
As railways spread over the continent , and as more people than ever travelled across national boundaries , it seemed impossible to cope with the increased demands of issuing and checking passports .
The result was that in 1861 , only three years after the row with Britain on this very subject , France abolished passports , and many other nations soon followed suit .
By the early 1900s , the only two major European powers which insisted on passports for their own nationals travelling overseas , and for visitors from abroad , were Russia and the Ottoman Empire .
Both were then regarded as deeply reactionary regimes , more Asiatic than European , and the fact that they also insisted on passports was no coincidence .
Spies like us WWI changed all that , as passports became compulsory virtually everywhere , as a means whereby the belligerent powers sought to keep out foreign spies and also to prevent the emigration of their own citizens with valuable skills .
The Nationality and Status of Aliens Act , passed in 1914 , established the first recognisably modern British passport as a single page , folded into eight , with a cardboard cover , and a photograph of the bearer .
Churchill 's wartime passport
In 1920 , under the auspices of the newly - established League of Nations , the format of the passport was internationally standardised , and the British version was expanded into the 32 - page document known as Old Blue .
The matter was discussed again by the League in 1926 , when the British passport was acclaimed as " perfection itself " : the personal details were handwritten , the bearer 's name and the passport number appeared on the front cover , and it was this design which endured , essentially unaltered , until 1988 .
Yet during the early decades of its existence , the old blue British passport was resented rather than esteemed .
Indeed , it was none other than Ernest Bevin , the Foreign Secretary in the post - war Labour Government , who once opined that his ambition was to be able to travel from Victoria Station , to any destination in the world , without any passport whatever .
In 1949 , which was during Bevin 's tenure of office , this view was echoed in a classic Ealing Comedy , entitled Passport to Pimlico , starring Stanley Holloway and Margaret Rutherford .
The film is a protest against excessive government interference in the lives of ordinary people , as Pimlico successfully asserts its claim to be part of the ancient Duchy of Burgundy , declares itself independent of Britain , abolishes rationing and other bureaucratic restrictions , and establishes its own frontiers and passport checkpoints .
The Ealing comedy Passport to Pimlico
By then , the chances of abolishing the British passport had disappeared , and subsequent changes in its format have been driven by growing concerns about security , and also by the trend towards increased European integration .
Watermarked paper was introduced in 1972 , laminating over the photograph in 1975 , and overprinting in 1981 .
Seven years later , the old blue British passports were replaced by smaller machine - readable versions , which also feature the words European Community on the cover , and which print the bearer 's personal information at the back rather than the front , where it had previously been .
Many Britons mourned the passing of what they regarded as their traditional passport , although in truth it had n't existed for all that long .
When , I wonder , and for what duration will identity cards be re-introduced yet again ?
Below is a selection of your comments .
The " Old Blue " might not have been that old but travelling through Europe and into Eastern Europe in the late eighties with an " Old Blue " you saw how much respect it claimed .
German , Dutch and ( particularly )
American passports were thoroughly scrutinised - a flash of the lovely hard - cover of the British passport was almost always sufficient .
" Ah , British - OK ! "
Timothy Bolton , Selfkant , Germany
The article completely forgot the one - year British Visitors passport .
Printed on pink card and included travel to West Germany .
Anyone from the Post Office could get one on the spot for around a tenner .
I still have mine in a drawer !
John Hyde , London I believe A.J.P .
Taylor made a point of not using a passport when entering or leaving Britain , making the point that the only legal necessity was to demonstrate identity , and that a passport was not essential to this purpose .
Mike Ellwood , Abingdon , GB ID cards keep cropping up because long term they are a no- brainer , other than for the paranoia brigade who keeps delaying them .
We waste money on a number of ID methods and merging those will save effort , redundancy and cost as well as improve ID in so many areas from passports to alcohol age proof and from credit to illicit immigration .
Paul J. Weighell , Purley , UK
You correctly identify spying as the real reason for identity cards .
Politicians are not willing to admit this was their reason , so cost is the friendly compromise that allow supporters to back down .
As with anything in politics , the stated reason is not the real one ...
James , Ohio , USA I carry seven cards in my purse : a payment card , three store cards , a library card , a bus pass , and a gym membership card .
At home I keep a driving licence and a passport .
It is ridiculous .
Why can't I have just one card that tells anyone who wants to know who I am ?
Joan Cole , Haverhill , Suffolk , England I would like to take the opportunity to debunk that cry of the ID card apologist , " If you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear . "
If I 've got nothing to hide , why the heck should we need a card to prove it ?
They would have been an sinister invasion of my privacy and tantamount to having to have a " licence " for my continued citizenship .
I am happy that they have been scrapped .
Neil Moister , Crombie , Fife Every other western European country has an ID card system .
I simply do n't understand what it is that makes Britain so much different that it can't work here .
Mitch , Leicester Passports are about travelling out of this country whereas identity cards were all about restricting movement within this country .
I hope this government continues to remember that this is my country just as much as it is theirs ....
Mark , Guildford
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bedfordshire ’s Times & Citizen newspaper , which has a free circulation of 58,565 , accidentally ran the above front cover on their June 3rd issue .
And no , “ headghgh ” is n’t just some Scottish thing :
This is a genuine screwup .
According to PressGazette , the flubbed front page may be the byproduct of a new production system that allows reporters to directly input stories into newspaper layouts , saving money on the likes of copyeditors and production editors , but removing the gatekeepers who normally prevent mistakes of this magnitude .
In this week ’s edition of the paper , out today , the front page carries the words “ headline headghgh ” with the words “ strapline for main story like this if needed ” .
The paper has a free distribution 58,565 to homes in the Bedfordshire area .
The error comes as journalists across Johnston Press mull group - wide strike action in protest against staffing levels and the introduction of the Atex production system .
Press Gazette understands that Atex , which allows reporters to input stories directly on to page layouts , has been introduced across Johnston Press titles in the south of England .
In April , the NUJ blamed the “ rushed ” introduction of Atex for a major production error at paid - for daily newspaper the Sheffield Star .
If you ’re interested , here ’s the original Times & Citizen story .
( via PhotoshopDisasters , PressGazette )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
Hannah resumes her medical training at the country 's top teaching hospital , but she soon discovers a secret network of dangerous experiments pushing back the boundaries of science .
A year after her mother 's death , Hannah resumes her training at one of the country 's top teaching hospitals .
She is soon terrified by strange visions and the threatening behaviour of her ex-boyfriend and star surgeon Nick and wonders if she has come back too soon .
But beneath the hospital 's reputation of medical excellence she discovers a secret network of dangerous experiments pushing back the boundaries of science .
Pulse was written by Paul Cornell from a story by Ben Teasdale .
The show was created by Paul Cornell , Ben Teasdale and Tom McRae .
Microsoft did n't say a peep about Kinect pricing at its E3 keynote , but GameStop is n't being shy : Kinect is now listed on the retailer 's website for $ 149.99 .
The page is dead if you try to click through from search results , so it looks like the listing may have gone up in error -- we 'll see if this is the real price come November 4 .
We 'll let you know if we can confirm anything .
And the hits keep coming : GameStop is now listing a $ 299 " Arcade Bundle " which obviously pairs a $ 149 Kinect with the now - $ 149 Arcade , as well as a $ 399 Elite bundle that seems to pair a $ 149 Kinect with the older Elite , which is now $ 249 .
So where 's the bundle with the hot new 250 GB Stealthbox ?
And are these the real prices ?
We 'll have to wait and see . :
And now Walmart 's confirming the November 4th ship date and $ 149 MSRP .
C'mon Microsoft , what are you waiting for ?
With reports emerging that the Pentagon is looking to divert bigger portions of its budget to combat operations , it is becoming increasingly apparent that the Obama Administration ’s global war on terror is more global than anyone thought .
In fact it turns out that the US military is operating covertly in at least 75 countries , carrying out “ missions against al - Qaeda ” around the planet .
The number of operations is said to have increased enormously since President Obama took office .
Officials also acknowledged that President Obama was allowing a lot of things “ that the previous administration did not ” and that it was “ willing to get aggressive much more quickly . ”
That last revelation is perhaps hardly surprising when one considers the repeated and massive escalations in drone attacks , something which the administration has n’t been as successful in keeping secret , and the very public escalations of the Afghan War , which has gone from some 30,000 US troops to nearly 100,000 in less than 18 months .
Whether in public or in private , the administration seems to be taking hawkishness to new levels .
https://dandelionsalad.wordpress.com/
By Renee Schoof and Erika Bolstad
McClatchy Newspapers
June 7 , 2010
WASHINGTON — BP ’s runaway Deepwater Horizon well may be spewing what the company once - called its worst case scenario — 100,000 barrels a day , a member of the government panel told McClatchy Monday .
[…]
Leifer said that based on satellite data he ’s examined , the rate of flow from the well has been increasing over time , especially since BP ’s “ top kill ” effort failed last month to stanch the flow .
The decision last week to sever the well ’s damaged riser pipe from the its blowout preventer in order to install a “ top hat ” containment device has increased the flow still more _ far more , Leifer said , than the 20 percent that BP and the Obama administration predicted .
[…]
via BP well may be spewing 100,000 barrels a day , scientist says | McClatchy
Dear Commissioner Selig ,
This should be a proud moment for baseball .
Not one , not two , but three perfect games thrown inside a month 's time .
That 's historic .
We should be celebrating what an incredible performance Tigers starter Armando Galarraga threw -- 27 Indians up , 27 Indians down -- in just 83 pitches .
It was an extraordinary day .
Unfortunately , we 're all watching as one of your umpires , Jim Joyce , has the worst call of his life replayed again and again and again on television .
We 're looking at headlines on the major sports sites that read " Perfect Crime , " " Perfection Ruined , " " Perfectly Awful , " " Perfect Heist , " and the like .
Joyce knows it .
In an act of class , Joyce spoke to the media briefly after the game , saying :
" Biggest call of my career , and I kicked the shit out of it .
I do n't know what to do .
I just cost that kid a perfect game . "
It was an extraordinary day , indeed .
Now , it 's time to make some history of your own , Mr. Selig .
Every replay clearly shows the 27th out was made .
An emotional Joyce acknowledged his mistake .
Everyone on the field , everyone in the media , every one of your millions of fans knows what happened on Wednesday night at Comerica Park .
Now you must step in to declare that Galarraga pitched the 21st perfect game in the history of the MLB .
Anything less just continues to mock your sport and results in another black eye for a league that has taken it on the chin repeatedly during your time as commissioner .
Sadly , I know how this will turn out .
In the near future , everyone will acknowledge Galarraga 's perfection .
Even you , privately .
At some point , the 22nd perfect game will be pitched .
The umpires will get it right .
And a pitcher will go into the history books on Galarraga 's line .
In later years , Galarraga 's feat -- never placed in the history books due to a single lapse by one of the steward 's of the game -- will be lost .
You will , of course , will start work to expand instant replay to fix the kind of egregious , game - changing mistakes that happen far too often in your sport .
But it 's too late for Galarraga and for the Tigers fans .
That 's too bad .
We should be celebrating Galarraga today .
Instead , I 'm writing about you .
Thousands of French Nazi collaborators to be exposed as official reports are published online for the first time
Thousands of French people who collaborated with the Nazis are to be unmasked as secret files from 70 years ago are finally made public .
The records , which include information passed on to the Gestapo by those who lived during the Occupation of 1940 - 44 , will be published online .
The archive will give survivors and their relatives an opportunity to discover what happened to their loved ones - and if any countrymen played a part in their betrayal .
Tragic end :
The only photo French Resistance fighters facing the firing squad at Mont Valerien outside Paris
Since the liberation of Paris , all documentation relating to the Second World War has been kept in cardboard boxes in the basement of the city 's Police Museum .
A museum spokesman said : ' They include notes from interrogations , as well as information passed on to the authorities willingly . '
The archive includes every police log from stations across France , as well as details of every arrest , fine and interview .
In addition to shedding light on the work of the Gestapo across France , the files will illuminate the role of the Brigade Speciale , which tracked down resistance fighters and other ' enemies ' of the Nazi regime .
Victory march : German troops parade down the Champs - Elysees in Paris following their victory
All of the paperwork is officially protected by a 75 - year classification order issued by the post - war government .
But work has started on digitising them , with the 1940 material publicly available in 2015 and the rest to follow over the subsequent four years .
At least 77,000 Jews were deported to their deaths from French transit camps between 1942 and the end of the German occupation in December 1944 .
Of these , around a third were French citizens and more than 8,000 were children under 13 .
The French police , led by Rene Bosquet , played an important role in this work , with SS boss Heinrich Himmler describing the Frenchman as a ' precious collaborator within the framework of police collaboration ' .
Bosquet initially managed to disguise his crimes after the war and was not brought to justice until many years later .
He was shot dead in June 1993 , just before his trial for crimes against humanity was due to begin .
In a dramatic ruling last year , the Council of State , France 's highest judicial body , said the Vichy government of the period held ' responsibility ' for deportations .
The latest list of the world ’s 500 fastest supercomputers places a Chinese computer based in Shenzhen second when measuring actual performance , and first in terms of its theoretical maximum .
“ China ’s ambitions to enter the supercomputing arena have become obvious , ” said the compilers of the list , which has been published at the International Supercomputing Conference in Hamburg , Germany .
Two of the top ten machines are based in China .
Seven Old Testament Sources June 21 , 2010
Here are a couple of Old Testament sources collected together for your browsing pleasure .
(1) Masoretic text
The Masoretic Text ( MT ) is regarded as the authoritative texts of the Old Testament .
Most of our Bibles are based on these texts .
These date back only to 7th to 11th centuries .
During this time , the non-semitic “ Masorites of Tiberias ” created a school on the shores of the Sea of Galilee , and carefully standardised and preserved copies of the Old Testament .
Particularly important was the work of the Ben Asher family , several generations of whom worked on preserving the Tanakh .
The oldest surviving copy of these is Codex Cairensis , written in 895 , which contains a complete set of the prophets , along with Joshua , Judges , Samuel , and Kings .
The Codex can be found ( as a poor quality PDF ) online here .
Another ancient Masoretic text is the Aleppo Codex ( Deuteronomy above , Joshua 1 below ) was written in the 10th century .
It contains the entire old testament – or at least it did until it was burnt during riots directed against Jewish property in Aleppo in 1947 .
Only 294 of the original 487 pages remain .
The entire text is available online .
A third Masoretic text is the Leningrad Codex ( title page shown below ) was written in 1008 .
After the burning of the Aleppo Codex , it is now the oldest complete Masoretic text known today .
It has been the basis the of Biblia Hebraica ( 1937 ) and the Biblia Hebraica Stuttgartensia ( 1977 ) .
(2) Dead Sea Scrolls
The dead sea scrolls were discovered in caves near the ancient town of Qumran , 20 kilometres east of Jerusalem , between 1947 and 1956 .
They contain the oldest known Hebrew text of the Old Testament , written between 150 BC and 70 AD .
More that 15,000 fragments and 500 manuscripts have been found from around 900 separate scrolls .
They contain every book of the Old Testament with the exception of Ester , including 19 copies of Isaiah ( shown below ) , 25 of Deuteronomy , and 30 of the Psalms ( shown above ) .
(3) Septuagint ( LXX )
The Septuagint ( LXX ) is the name for the Greek translation of the Old Testament .
It was translated between the 3rd and 2nd centuries BC , and this is the version quoted by the New Testament and by early church fathers .
It was used as the basis for Old Latin versions , Slavonic , Syriac , Old Armenian , Old Georgian and Coptic translations .
Remarkably there some early fragments of the LXX dating back to the second and third centuries BC , such as this one from the Rylands Library , containing parts of Deuteronomy 23 - 38 :
An important version of LXX is recorded by Origen , known as the “ Hexapla “ .
Taking him 28 years , he collected together six main Old Testament texts of his time .
Origen arranged his six texts side by side : Hebrew , Hebrew in Greek characters , Septuagint and the early Greek translations – Aquila , Symmachus and Theodotion .
His original version has now been lost , although it is quoted in early Christian literature .
Fortunately however the LXX portion was preserved , transcribed by Eusebius and Pamphilus , and was widely circulated .
Manuscripts of the LXX are the oldest surviving nearly - complete manuscripts of the Old Testament in any language : Codex Vaticanus and the Codex Sinaiticus come from the 4th century and Codex Alexandrinus from the 5th century ( below ) .
(4) Nash Papyrus
Before the discovery of the Dead Sea scrolls , the oldest known Hebrew text was in the Nash Papyrus .
It dates approximately 150 - 100 BC and was housed at Cambridge University .
It contains the text of the Ten Commandments , from Exodus 20:2 - 17 and Deuteronomy 5:6-21
(5) Cairo Geniza Fragments
A geniza is a storeroom .
Although many texts were thrown out , if a piece of writing contained the name of God , they were to be treated with respect , and even given a burial .
Before they were buried , they were stored , meaning that we now have almost 300,000 fragments dating from 870 through to the late 1800’s .
(6) Syriac Peshitta
The Syriac bible , the Peshitta , was translated during the second century .
The Old Testament of this Bible was translated directly from the Hebrew into Syriac , a dialect of Aramaic .
Peshitta means “ simple ” or “ direct ” translation .
One example is manuscript 14,425 , ( below ) dating from the fifth century and contains Genesis , Exodus , Numbers and Deuteronomy .
It is housed in the British Library , London .
A complete manuscript is B. 21 inf housed in Milan , which dates from the sixth or seventh century , and a text held in Paris , Syr. 341 , dates from the eighth century .
A fascinating interlinear version is online here .
(7) Vulgate
Finally , the Vulgate is a Latin translation of the Bible thanks to the labour of Jerome .
Jerome translation came independly from the Hebrew , with the exception of Psalms .
His translation was completed in 405 AD .
The Codex Amiatinus is the earliest surviving nearly complete Vulgate Bible , dating from the start of the 8th century .
The National Beard and Moustache Championships highlights the deeper trend of facial hair camaraderie .
Coarse white hair peeks out of his nostrils , separates into two zestful puffs of fur on his upper lip , and cascades down his jowls to form a waterfall of whiskers .
Ed Endsley has been wearing a beard for two - thirds of his life — nearly 45 years .
He is part of a thriving international community of facial hair enthusiasts who are giving up the razor and getting ready to compete for the best tresses .
No one knows the exact recipe for a winner .
It can be furry and fluffy , or bristly and stringy .
Proud beard growers might coat them in waxes , curl them , or even mold them into unusual shapes , such as spikes or windmills .
The first - ever Beard Team USA National Beard and Moustache Championships has men across the country plotting their strategy to wow the audience in Bend , Oregon , on June 5 .
There , they will compete for $ 5,000 in prizes and most importantly , bragging rights as the national champion .
Most of the competitors , including Endsley , are members of beard and mustache societies , a growing subculture that is fixated on facial hair .
While many people today might think that individuals like Endsley are eccentric , American culture once applauded the growth of facial hair .
Prominent figures such as Abraham Lincoln and Walt Whitman sported bushy chins and sideburns in the mid-1800s .
But today , it is rare to find men in positions of high - esteem who have five o’ clock shadows , let alone soul patches .
Facial hair enthusiasts speculate that the multi-billion dollar shaving industry has something to do with that .
According to marketing research firm Experian Simmons , the male grooming products industry was valued at $ 19.7 billion worldwide in 2009 and is expected to reach nearly $ 28 billion by 2014 .
Despite the allure of advertisements , not all male consumers succumb to the shaving sales pitch .
In fact , the national championships reveal a deep and growing trend .
A rampant ardor for facial hair is taking hold in America as men form their own societies in which they can celebrate their whiskers instead of shave them .
Part of these groups ’ obsessions have to do with self - acceptance and the refusal to subscribe to societal beauty standards .
But other motives are more lighthearted : to have fun and bond with people who have similar interests .
Endsley , who lost his first job at age 17 because he refused to cut his hair , cites the Grateful Dead as an early influence on his facial hair .
“ This was a statement of becoming , ” he says , drawing out the last word for effect .
He speaks fondly of the first time he noticed something growing on his upper lip at age 13 .
He decided to shave his stubble like all of the other boys , until one year , something miraculous happened .
“ The sideburns really started to grow down and they finally kind of grew together in the middle and things became a beard , ” Endsley explains as his blue eyes sparkle with enthusiasm .
Today , a wiry mass of white hair streams down his cheeks and off his chin , reaching halfway down his torso .
Endsley sets himself apart from the average man who trims and sculpts his beard .
“ I suspect that these people spend more time fiddling with their facial hair than they take shaving or tying a tie . . . or any of these other things that they do for cultural conventions , ” he says seriously .
When people inquire about the mass of hair hanging from Endsley ’s chin , he simply tells them , “ This is what happens if a man does n’t shave . ”
Endsley is a member of the Central Oregon Moustache and Beard Society ( COMBS ) , which is the Bend regional chapter of Beard Team USA ( BTUSA ) .
Aside from organizing the National Championships , BTUSA represents the United States at the World Beard and Moustache Championships , held twice a year in various locations .
BTUSA asserts it “ promotes the worldwide appreciation of facial hair . . . and opposes discrimination against the bearded , mustached , sideburned , or goateed . ”
Friendship and community are some of the motives that Peter Aune , founder and president of COMBS , cites for organizing the group in January .
Twice a month , the society ’s 12 committed members , ranging in age from 21 to 65 , meet at local pubs to drink beer , share stories , and of course , admire each other ’s facial hair .
At the heart of COMBS is camaraderie and a sense of brotherhood rooted in the shared experiences they have as bearded and mustached people .
However , Aune points out that with the National Championships drawing near , competition is also a component of the society .
“ We do n’t talk about the competition too much because we will be competing against each other .
We all have a plan that we are not sharing , ” he explains .
Wearing a thick gray beard and circular wire - rimmed glasses , Aune slightly resembles Santa Claus .
Getting serious , he shares a story about the last time he shaved his beard and the trauma it caused his daughter , who burst into tears at the sight of his barren chin .
Just as there are male beard enthusiasts , there are also female ones .
Marcy Monte , Aune ’s fiancé , is one of them .
She recalls pleasant memories of sitting on her great - uncle ’s lap as a little girl and tugging on his long beard .
“ Women seem to be black or white about beards .
Either you like ’em or you do n’t , ” she says matter - of - factly .
Lucky for Aune , Monte only dates men with beards .
“ I ’m a beard girl , ” she proclaims proudly .
And she ca n’t wait to watch Aune compete in June .
“ I ’m totally in support of it , ” she says .
“ I would n’t miss it ! ”
Someone might wonder , aside from the families and friends of the competitors , who in the world wants to watch a bunch of furry men strut across a stage ?
For Will Backe , an Oregon State University PhD student , the mere oddity of the competition is enough to inspire him to drive roughly two hours to sit in the audience at the Les Schwab Amphitheater in Bend .
“ I wish I had the gift of growing ridiculous facial hair , ” Backe says with a laugh .
However , he ’s selling himself short because he not only sports a Dali - style mustache with upward - curving pointed ends , but he also once donned a “ wild and bushy ” beard that he claims could scare people away .
“ I ’ve noticed people leave you alone more often , ” Backe says about the difference having a beard makes , remembering a time when Mormon missionaries clearly avoided him and instead , talked to the person standing next to him at a bus stop .
Backe is n’t the first bearded fellow to frighten strangers .
Historically , facial hair has been used by the British Army to appear more intimidating .
Piers Brendan , author of How the Mustache Won an Empire , writes that the fashion “ began during the Napoleonic Wars of 1799 to 1815 when some British officers began to emulate fighting Frenchmen , whose mustaches were said to be ‘ appurtenances of terror . ’ ”
Back then , mustaches not only represented dominance and masculinity , but also virility .
“ Mustaches were clipped and trimmed until they curved like sabers and bristled like bayonets .
Their ends were waxed and given a soldierly erection , ” Brendan writes .
Today , men grow facial hair for a variety of reasons : from feeling lazy , to resisting male beauty standards , and attracting women .
Paul D. Roof , assistant professor of sociology at the Charleston Southern University in South Carolina , says his beard , which hangs haphazardly six inches below his shoulders , is a statement of defiance .
Roof , who founded the Holy City Beard and Moustache Society , plans to compete in the National Championships in June .
In his article “ Beard Becomes You , ” he writes , “ The beard stands out in the crowded sea of Abercrombie & Fitch conformity that is America today .
These are the individuals who have reclaimed their masculinity in a direct backlash against metrosexuality and the feminization of the modern man . ”
Although he asserts facial hair is a method by which men can express their masculinity , he says he sees “ gender as a spectrum and something that should not be rigid . ”
Due to social pressures to trim and remove facial hair , the majority of men do n’t experience growing their facial hair anywhere near its maximum length .
Dr. Gary Goldfadden , a dermatologist and founder of Cosmesis Skincare , says , “ Today , 90 percent of all American males over the age of 15 shave their face . . .
That means the average man will shave his face about 20,000 times between the ages of 15 and 75 . ”
The beard is a “ symbol of defiance against 100 years of ‘ corporate shaving ’ dictating to men what facial hair is and means and who wears it , ” Passion says .
“ It is an exceptionally relevant demonstration . ”
Roof , who has been growing a beard for six consecutive years , tells his American Pop Culture students that facial hair is an example of “ retro irony , ” because people ‘ glorify the past while the future dries up . ’
He uses the comeback of 1980s fashion and music to deepen his point .
“ Why does n’t this generation have their own trends ? ” he wonders .
Roof sees the current facial hair movement as a revival of the “ old - timey ” styles of the 1880s when beards and mustaches were widely embraced .
But it is n’t necessarily a bad thing ; it ’s simply the natural cycle of trends as they travel back and forth from mainstream to underground .
Indeed , for some , it is a short - lived trend , but for others it really is a lifestyle .
Two - time World Beard Champion Jack Passion has made a career out of his 24 - inch - long , carrot - red beard .
At age 26 , he recently published his first book called The Facial Hair Handbook : Every Man ’s Guide to Growing & Grooming Great Facial Hair .
Mention Passion ’s name to BTUSA beard and mustache society members and they will talk about him as if he were a god .
So it ’s no surprise that Passion has been elected to host the national competition .
“ The best part about my beard is the positive energy it attracts .
Cars honk , people yell and wave , and I take pictures with people every single day .
And I love it , ” he says .
Endsley also often gets a nod or a “ Hey , dude ! Cool ! ” from younger men .
But for him , the reactions are decidedly split .
Kids tend to stare in shock when he passes them on the street .
“ Around Christmastime , children get this wide - eyed look , ” he says , chuckling at the fact that he sometimes gets mistaken for Santa Claus .
On the other hand , adults sometimes look at him with “ absolute disdain and anger ” because , he assumes , they think he is a bum .
“ That ’s really too bad because I ’m a nice guy ; I do n’t bite , ” he says .
Roof claims it is common for men with excessive facial hair to experience prejudice because they are breaking societal norms .
Passion is aware of the stereotypes people have about facial hair and takes any chance he can get to debunk them .
“ It ’s just plain untrue that beards are n’t clean .
In fact , a beard is far cleaner than a face that ’s shaved with a dirty blade , with open cuts and scrapes harboring bacteria , ” he says .
And you wo n’t find any razors at the national competition where competitors will bring on the heat come June .
Documentary filmmaker Laura J. Lukitsch filmed the 2004 BTUSA World Beard and Moustache Championships for her current project on gender and facial hair , called , Beard Club , The Documentary .
She says she was surprised at how much the competition resembled a beauty pageant .
“ They spend hours grooming themselves , ” she says , describing a bathroom scene packed with men waxing and blow - drying their hair , and helping each other make final adjustments to their costumes .
There are four different categories they can compete in : Best Mustache , Best Partial Beard , Best Full Beard , and Freestyle ( anything goes ) .
BTUSA is expecting roughly 5,000 people from all over the U.S. and beyond to attend .
It will be Endsley ’s first competition and he ’s not exactly sure what to expect .
“ I do n’t do swimsuits , ” he says , smiling .
But fully clothed , Endsley says he ’ll embrace being in the spotlight for a day .
“ I ’m kind of looking forward to the parade across the stage .
Am I an exhibitionist ?
Well , I may be that day . ”
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Dwarf Fortress is a management game from another world .
So detailed is its simulation of harsh and bloody dwarven existence that reading the creator ’s development log is like reading updates from a deity as it puts together a new planet .
22nd May 2008 : Handled talking to babies .
9th November 2008 : Remembered to make ribs internal .
3rd January 2009 : Wrote up organ strikes , but it keeps crashing when I hit the spleen .
You ’ve likely already come to a conclusion whether you ’re a person capable of delving beyond the alien interface to meet this amazing game for yourself , but before you make any further judgments , allow me to tell you a story of a band of dwarves who left their dwarven city , and established a new settlement that they called ‘ SquashedBrains ’ .
I started this game shortly after Dwarf Fortress ’ introduction of the third dimension , back in 2007 .
It was an exciting time for those who had played the previous versions , with lots of new features to experiment with .
One of these was the ability to build constructions .
Previously , you could only mine out the rock and create rooms out of what you left behind .
Now you could build walls , and potentially make buildings of your own on the surface .
I felt it was clear that I should start a Tower of Babel project as soon as possible .
How high could we go ?
Was there an upper limit to this world ?
What would happen if I reached it ?
We began the construction next to our main fortress entrance .
It was five tiles wide , and five tiles long , with a staircase in the corner .
It was fiddly work , as constructed walls and floors had to be designated one tile at a time , but things were nevertheless progressing well .
I had a team of very highly skilled masons working on it full - time .
On the third floor , however , all of my masons got themselves stuck .
They had chosen to build the walls before the floors , and had walked along the top of the walls of the level below , built a new wall on top of it , and left themselves no route back to the staircase .
I assigned some peasants to be emergency masons to try and finish the floor to let them out , but their unskilled hands were not working fast enough .
My stranded dwarves were starving to death .
Drastic measures were called for .
I designated the wall they were standing on for demolition .
The result ?
Massive structural collapse .
The screen is entirely obscured by clouds of dust and smoke .
But it ’s a kind of success .
The masons were now lying on the grass outside the tower , unconscious but unhurt .
The only casualty was my fish dissector , who died in the middle of the collapse , according to the message log .
I presume he got hit in the head while passing by underneath , but I could n’t really tell what happened with all the smoke .
It was n’t until a whole game year later that I noticed what the single teal coloured stripy square was on every level of my fortress .
Using the ‘ look at ’ command that gives you detailed information on the contents of a tile , I discovered that symbol meant ‘ open space ’ .
It seems that much of the tower had collapsed onto a single square , and punched a hole through my entire goddamned fortress .
There is a gap in the floor of my tomb , my prison , my mighty statue party room , the mayor ’s bedroom , and several stairways .
Seven levels below the ground , beneath all of the holes , there is an almighty pile of stone and a pool of blood .
That , I suspect , was the resting place of the fish dissector .
My dwarves are a practical people .
We used the hole for an elegant solution to our stone clutter problem .
Whenever you expand your mountain home , there is always the question of what to do with all of the stone that gets mined out .
Once upon a time , we would create an enormous stockpile outside and carry them out one by one and stack them in orderly rows .
Then I changed to ordering my masons to build stone blocks out of it all , which took up much less storage space , and could be used to construct higher quality buildings .
Over the years , however , it still took up too much space .
But thanks to my failed career as a skyscraper architect , we now had a handy garbage chute on every level of the fortress .
Some quick setting up of rubbish zones over the gap , and then designating some rock for dumping , and all the useless clutter in our home gets chucked down the hole to join the fish dissector ’s bodily fluids at the bottom .
A new age of efficiency for the fortress began .
Then the hydra came .
Which was rather inconvenient .
With all the ambitious construction projects going ahead , I had n’t actually got around to developing a military to deal with the monsters that Dwarf Fortress throws at you .
I called all of my dwarves inside , forbade them from leaving , and prepared to press them all into emergency military service .
The hydra sprinted across the map , directly towards my fortress entrance next to the collapsed tower .
It forced its way through the front door , and was caught by my single cage trap as it charged across the entrance hall .
I was honestly surprised to see that work on a giant monster .
My fortress was saved , but I now had the problem of an enormous multi-headed mythical creature in a little wooden cage .
It was sitting in my animal stockpile alongside the cows and camels .
I dug out a room a little way down the cliff from my fortress entrance , and put the hydra in there , surrounded with engraved pillars .
It would be a shrine to the fortune of Squashed Brains .
As soon as this was done , however , a titan arrived .
It entered the map behind a visiting dwarven trade caravan .
Their armed guard immediately sprang into action , and the most unbelievably epic battle that I have ever observed – through the medium of textual wound and status readouts – took place .
The dwarves piled on to the approaching titan , but it rapidly killed the majority , and sent the remainder fleeing for their lives .
This left a single caravan guard to fight the colossal text entity on his own .
This axe - dwarf was described as ‘ unbelievably agile ’ , and was fighting the giant creature bare - handed , his weapon having been irretrievably lodged in the titan ’s shoulder early on in the struggle .
This duel went on for days , possibly months of in - game time .
They were both tired and over - exerted , and would occasionally slip into unconsciousness .
The titan was dripping in dwarf blood from head to toe .
There were steel axes sticking out of his arms and hands , and he was trying to beat down the dwarf using a steel helmet stolen from a dwarf corpse .
Eventually , finally , brilliantly , the dwarf was victorious , and the titan fell .
My one actual , trained soldier slept through the entire event .
All he got to see of the titan was its bones being made into crossbow bolts as the saviour of Squashed Brains and his caravan went riding off into the sunset .
Having only narrowly avoided destruction by two different giant monsters by sheer chance , I decided that I needed a military .
I drafted almost half of my population into the army and set them training .
They did n’t manage to get much training done before another calamity struck : a goblin horde arrived , and was going to besiege the fortress .
Could my luck possibly hold ?
Back in 2007 , there was a bug with Dwarf Fortress that meant that goblin sieges often did n’t actually attack your fortress .
If they did n’t see a dwarf , they would mill around on the edges of the map , and eventually go home .
These goblins did see a dwarf , however , because most of my untrained army decided to launch an attack on the legions of mounted goblins and their superhumanly tough human swordsmen leaders .
Needless to say , the eager dwarf combatants were cut to pieces without landing a single blow .
Attempting to mitigate the destruction , I marked their bodies and equipment as forbidden , which would prevent the civilian dwarves from coming out to retrieve them .
By the time the goblin army left , there was was a field of rotten dwarf corpses spread out in front of the fortress .
I decided , with the enemy gone , that it was probably safe to let the other dwarves bury the poor bastards .
But Dwarf Fortress is designed for even this eventuality .
It turns out that dwarves react to walking out into a battlefield covered in putrified blood and rotting corpses by vomiting in horror .
There ’s far more spew out by the river now than there was blood in the first place .
Not all was bodily fluids and horror , however .
One of my soldiers had been looking after a baby , which survived the siege .
Her soldier friend then adopted the child , and then later had a baby herself .
So she was soon carrying two babies with her everywhere .
Needless to say , she really was n’t getting a lot of soldiering done .
I decided I would turn her back into a civilian until the kids grew up a bit .
In fact a lot of the dwarfs that died had friends .
Friends who had to pick up rotting chunks of their former buddies off the ground , and have consequently been incredibly miserable .
They ’ve also been periodically getting angry at the world and smashing random stuff in the fortress .
One dwarf lost one too many friends in the battle for him to recover .
He went mad and threw himself 13 levels down the garbage chute .
He ’s now lying unconscious at the bottom with his legs smashed to pieces .
Nobody wants to help rescue him .
The aftermath of war is horrible .
And in the game .
With so many dead , incompetent , war heroes , I needed a proper place to bury them .
I had recently found an underground bottomless chasm , and I decided a mass tomb overlooking the edge would be a fitting and impressive location .
Between each coffin was a pillar lovingly engraved with images of cackling goblins and dying dwarves .
When it was finished , I started digging channels on the layer above , to divert water from a nearby river closer to the main fortress so I could make a well .
But I accidentally cut the channel into the tomb .
The river is now flowing through the tomb , creating a waterfall into the chasm .
One dwarf was caught inside when it happened , burying her friend , and she has been swimming against the flow for a season , now .
She ’s going to die , but at least she ’s improving her swimming skill , and has been “ comforted by a lovely waterfall ” .
War was bad .
But fantasy fauna would be worse .
A dragon arrived .
I suppose I survived the first two giant monster attacks through luck , and situations outside my control .
Squashed Brains was out of luck , it seems , and no random occurrence was going to make this dragon attack easier on the fortress .
I had , of course , made some preparations for monster attacks .
I had removed what was a very easily accessible stairway direct to every floor on my fortress , and instead put the western entrance to my fortress inside my lead tower of towering doom .
On the first floor down I had set up a barracks and an archery range , so my remaining marksdwarves - in - training would never be far away from an attacking beast .
They were still entirely untrained , but it was the best we can do that this stage .
Ramul Kortilrane the dragon swooped down straight towards the base of my tower .
I called the dwarves back inside , and locked the doors .
He arrived and stood there between the decorative statues by the gate .
I was n’t going to be bullied off my own land .
I sent the marksdwarves out to the ground floor of the tower .
I had cut some fortifications into the walls on this level so that my crossbow - armed dwarves could shoot out at nearby targets .
They marched up the stairs , … then cowered in the back corner away from the dragon .
The dragon got very excited by this .
He knocked over a statue , and began breathing fire all over the tower .
Then he leapt straight up to the windows and melted the dwarf standing furthest forward .
I unlocked the door and instructed cowardly marksdwarves to get back outside .
There was no point risking lives if they were n’t going to use the fortifications properly .
I do n’t really know what happened next , as everything was obscured by smoke .
But it must have been a truly heroic battle , because , when it cleared , both the dragon and all of my marksdwarves were dead .
Of course , there were quite a few things on fire , too .
And that fire was spreading .
A fire spreading in ASCII .
I lost an additional nine dwarves before I even realised what was happening .
Developer Tarn Adams has created some amazingly detailed systems for temperature and fire in this game , but teaching dwarves how to react to those conditions is still on his to - do list .
For all the intricacy and cleverness of the dwarf simulations , they had no way of dealing with a burning fortress .
Soon another goblin army arrived to siege the fortress .
Their work would not be difficult .
The entire thing was ablaze , and my sixteen remaining dwarves were all bedridden , incapacitated with severe burns .
And that is how the tale of the fortress of Squashed Brains came to an end .
[ Get Dwarf Fortress here , and check out the video tutorials here . ]
Written By RPS on June 14th , 2009 at 8:40 pm .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " I based my estimate on the reliable input of people who just wanted me to leave them alone . "
Dilbert says , " I decided against labeling it because I 'll probably need some deniability later . "
Dilbert says , " Are we done with the dry run , or do you want me to use up all of my energy before our CEO gets here ? "
According to scientists from 1 University ’s Primate Research Institute , a three - year male monkey ( rhesus macaque ) thoroughly enjoyed a video of a circus elephant , giraffe and tiger performing .
Scientific part – Scientist used a technique called near - infrared spectroscopy to examine various aspects of the blood flow to the brain of the monkey while it was watching the television images .
The study found that when the monkey was witnessing the acrobatic performances of circus animals on a television screen , the frontal lobe area of its brain became vigorously active .
The activity in such an area was significant in reflecting the monkey ’s pleasure , as the human equivalent is a neurological area associated with triggering delight in a baby when it sees the smile of its mother .
Source : www.telegraph.co.uk
If you are looking to replace a damaged roof , you may want to get a quote from at least three roofing contractors before you make your final decision .
First , you need to find a good contractor .
You can start by asking for a list of potential contractors to give you a starting point for choosing …
Read more
If you are looking to replace a damaged roof
A fair bit apparently .
Today the ABS released an interesting little chunk of stats on Australian alcohol consumption , estimating that in the year ending June 2009 we consumed over 1.8 billion litres of beer and over 495 million litres of wine .
Hiccup
Not only did the ABS measure beer and wine , but also spirits and [… ]
A fair bit apparently .
Today the ABS released an interesting little chunk of stats on Australian alcohol consumption , estimating that in the year ending June 2009 we consumed over 1.8 billion litres of beer and over 495 million litres of wine .
Hiccup
Not only did the ABS measure beer and wine , but also spirits and those infamous alcopops – ready to mix drinks .
If we first look at the pure alcohol consumed per capita each year from these drink categories , we get :
From this pure alcohol consumption measure , we can calculate how many standard drinks ( 12.5 ml ) of each type of these beverages we all consumed , on average , per year .
Last year , we each knocked back an average of 806 standard drinks .
Let ’s say you drink James Boag ’s Premium as your beer , you like a nice bottle of red that comes in about 14 % alcohol , do n’t mind the odd 5 % bourbon and coke in a can and prefer semi-premium spirits ( 40 % alcohol ) .
Converting these standard drinks into bottles gets us :
If your consumption patterns were particularly average , that would equate to around 10 cartons of beer , 3 cases of wine , 5 bottles of spirits and a case and a half of RTD’s .
Instead of using alcohol content , but actual volume estimates – which the ABS also produce – we can see estimates of both beer and wine per capita consumption broken down into type .
If we make an assumption on the size of bottles ( 375 ml for beer , 750 ml for wine ) , then our consumption patterns of beer and wine have broken down like this :
That ’s about a carton of light beer , nearly 2 cartons of mid strength and almost 10 cartons of full strength that each of us knocked down in 2009 .
We also seemed to like our whites over our reds – a trend that has only really changed around the margins over the last few years .
So , bottoms up .
UPDATE :
Just to add – “ per capita ” refers to the population of Australia 15 years and older .
( Visited 163 times , 1 visits today )
One day I was using my cell phone 's GPS service to find the nearest Target .
I was driving down the road when suddenly my cell phone piped up , " Turn right here . "
I looked to the right .
There was no road , just a tree and some grass .
I chalked it up to a GPS glitch and turned right at the next corner .
If I had been Lauren Rosenberg , however , I would have turned right at that very moment , hit the tree , suffered some cuts and minor brain damage , and then turned around and sued Verizon for the glitch in its GPS service .
Seriously .
Search Engine Land reports that Rosenberg , a Los Angeles California native , is suing Google because Google Maps issued directions that told her to walk down a rural highway .
She started walking down the highway -- which had no sidewalk or pedestrian paths -- and was struck by a car .
She is suing Google for her medical expenses ( $ 100,000 ) , as well as punitive damages .
She is also suing the driver who struck her , Patrick Harwood of Park City , Utah .
On January 19 , 2010 , Rosenberg was apparently trying to get from 96 Daly Street , Park City , Utah , to 1710 Prospector Avenue , Park City , Utah .
She looked up the walking directions using Google Maps on her Blackberry .
Google Maps suggested a route that included a half - mile walk down " Deer Valley Drive , " which is also known as " Utah State Route 224 . "
There 's not much more to say -- she started walking down the middle of a highway , and a car hit her .
Who would n't have seen that one coming ?
According to Rosenberg 's complaint filing :
" As a direct and proximate cause of Defendant Google ’s careless , reckless and negligent providing of unsafe directions , Plaintiff Lauren Rosenberg was led onto a dangerous highway , and was thereby stricken by a motor vehicle , causing her to suffer sever permanent physical , emotional , and mental injuries , including pain and suffering . "
Google actually does offer up a warning about its walking directions -- if you view Google Maps on a computer , it gives you the following message : " Walking directions are in beta .
Use caution -- This route may be missing sidewalks or pedestrian paths . "
This warning does not show up in PDA 's and cell phones , however .
I suppose Google figured that people who are smart enough to use Blackberries are probably also smart enough to not walk directly into the middle of traffic .
For the record , when I look up driving directions from my current city ( San Francisco , California ) to the city I grew up in ( Tokyo , Japan ) , Google Maps suggests I kayak across the Pacific Ocean ( with a rest stop in Hawaii , of course ) .
I can't wait until Ms. Rosenberg tries to travel overseas ( " The plaintiff was unaware that attempting to kayak 5,100 miles is an unreasonable endeavor " ) .
President Obama ’s selection of retired Air Force Lt. Gen. James R. Clapper Jr. to serve as the Director of National Intelligence is already drawing fire from a variety of quarters .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates was forced to defend Clapper on Sunday against charges that he has failed to keep Congress sufficiently informed on intelligence matters in his present position as Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence .
ADVERTISEMENT
A more serious issue , however , may prove to be Clapper ’s support in 2003 for the idea that Iraqi WMD had been smuggled into Syria just before the US invasion as part of an attempt to destroy evidence .
According to the New York Times , Clapper , who was then head of the National Imagery and Mapping Agency , “ said satellite imagery showing a heavy flow of traffic from Iraq into Syria , just before the American invasion in March , led him to believe that illicit weapons material ‘ unquestionably ’ had been moved out of Iraq . ”
Clapper made his remarks to reporters on October 28 , 2003 , one week after the publication of Seymour Hersh ’s article , “ The Stovepipe , ” which examined “ the disparity between the Bush AdministrationÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s prewar assessment of IraqÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s weapons of mass destruction and what has actually been discovered . ”
That article had reignited the debate over the failures of prewar intelligence , and the Bush administration had already begun stonewalling against pressure from the Senate Intelligence Committee to comply with its requests for documents and witnesses .
The Associated Press made note of Clapper ’s 2003 remarks in a May 21 article focusing on him as the most likely choice for the DNA position .
It was only after Clapper ’s nomination was announced , however , that bloggers on both the left and the right jumped on the incident .
ADVERTISEMENT
Digby , for example , quoted the New York Times story with Clapper ’s name left out , then asked rhetorically , “ That ’s obviously some neocon nutcase who was completely discredited for those ludicrous remarks , which even people at the time thought were bizarre and unbelievable , and which turned out to [ be ] total nonsense , right ? ”
“ Sadly , no , ” she went on .
“ This is the fellow President Obama has chosen to head up the Director of National Security , General Clapper .
Yes , that ’s right .
That person , who is either a fantacist or an unrepentant propagandist , is going to oversee all the intelligence activities for the United States .
If we have another terrorist attack , prepare to invade Finland . ”
Meanwhile , Ed Morrissey at Hot Air was raising the same question , noting that “ Washington Times reporter Eli Lake did a little research on Barack ObamaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s choice for the thankless position ( Clapper would be the fourth DNI in five years ) and discovered a nugget that comes straight out of the so - called neocon argument for war against Saddam Hussein . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The idea that Iraq had WMD which were smuggled out of the country has been widely regarded as a fringe position .
As late as 2006 , Eli Lake reported for the New York Sun on attempts by Rep. Pete Hoekstra , then the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , to find new evidence for the claim , but such evidence never materialized .
Now even Hoekstra has announced that he will oppose Clapper ’s nomination on the grounds that he “ does not have the clout or independence to be the voice that provides an alternative to the Obama administration ’s prosecute after - the - fact approach to terror . ”
As a result of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit , EPIC has obtained hundreds of pages of documents from the Department of Homeland Security about the plan to deploy full body scanners in US airports .
A letter to EPIC reveals that the government agency possesses about 2,000 body scanner photos from devices that the DHS said earlier " could not store or record images . "
EPIC has also obtained the most recent device procurement specifications , and several hundred new pages of traveler complaints .
For more information , see EPIC : Whole Body Imaging and EPIC : EPIC v. Department of Homeland Security .
From the American Bankruptcy Institute : May Consumer Bankruptcy Filings up 9 Percent from Last Year
The 136,142 consumer bankruptcies filed in May represented a 9 percent increase nationwide over the 124,838 filings recorded in May 2009 , according to the American Bankruptcy Institute ( ABI ) , relying on data from the National Bankruptcy Research Center ( NBKRC ) .
NBKRC ’s data also showed that the May consumer filings represented a 6 percent decrease from the 144,490 consumer filings recorded in April 2010 .
...
“ While consumer filings dipped slightly from last month , housing debt and other financial burdens weighing on consumers are still a cause for concern , ” said ABI Executive Director Samuel J. Gerdano .
“ Consumer filings this year remain on track to top 1.6 million filings . ”
Calculated Risk Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the non-business bankruptcy filings by quarter using monthly data from the ABI and previous quarterly data from USCourts.gov .
Based on the comment from Gerdano , it appears the ABI has increased their forecast to over 1.6 million filings this year from their earlier forecast of just over 1.5 million filings this year .
Excluding 2005 , when the so - called " Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 " was enacted ( really a pro-lender act ) , the record was in 2003 when 1.62 million personal bankruptcies were filed .
This year will be close to that level .
I wonder how many of these bankruptcy filings are by homeowners who lost their homes in foreclosure and are now trying to extinguish any related recourse debt ( 1st or 2nd ) ?
This guest post previously appeared at Calculated Risk >
Dump Your Phone Books at City Hall !
Do n’t know what to do with those big , bulky phone books lying outside your house ?
Take them to Seattle City Hall ( 5th Avenue and James Street ) .
Seattle city council member Mike O’Brien is doing a phone book collection to track how many people here actually use them .
The council is currently trying to figure out whether Seattle should adopt an opt - in policy — requiring that phone books be delivered only to those who request them — or an opt - out policy that would allow people to request that they not receive a phone book .
On Tuesday , O’Brien and members of the Seattle Public Utilities and Neighborhood Committee asked city officials to explore an enhanced opt - out policy for Yellow Pages , which might even include an ordinance requiring phone book companies to honor opt - out requests .
The city is also investigating the legal implications of an opt - in policy and the option of charging phone book companies a fee for every phone book delivered in the city .
In a post titled “ Phonebooks : Good or Bad ? ” on his blog , O’Brien says that phone books started arriving at his office right after Tuesday 's meeting .
“ This morning my aide brought in a Verizon SuperPages Yellow Pages that was mailed to her yesterday — I am curious how much it cost SuperPages to mail a 2lb.
13 oz phone book , ” he says .
“ Then this afternoon at work , Dex dropped off 42 copies of their Yellow Pages and 48 copies of the White Pages . ”
O’Brien says he decided to take up a collection .
“ If you receive unwanted phone books , I encourage you to bring them down to city hall and drop them off for my office , and I will store them here as we ponder what to do next . ”
Getting rid of unused phone books that end up in the waste stream is part of the Seattle City Council ’s zero waste goals for this year .
Yellow Pages are estimated to generate 1,300 tons of waste at a cost of $ 190,000 per year to the city .
“ We want to overwhelm him with books , ” said Heather Trim of Zero Waste Seattle , which supports an opt - in policy .
It would be even better , says O’Brien , if people attach a brief story about their unwanted phone books :
Do you not use Yellow Pages at all ?
Do you use Yellow Pages , but feel you can go without multiple copies ?
Do you have a favorite brand ?
What steps have you taken previously to stop receiving phone books and did it work ?
Or maybe you feel the existing phone book system works well for you ?
If you do n’t want to drag your unwanted yellow pages into City Hall but want to share a story , you can post it here .
A new exhibition at London 's Imperial War Museum ( Feb 12 to Jan 3 2011 ) pays tribute to a nation 's creativity and resourcefulness in the face of wartime – and peacetime – food rationing .
Here is some of the eye - catching British Government propaganda used on the ' Kitchen Front ' during that time .
BP chief executive Tony Hayward will hand oversight of day - to - day clean - up and capping operations in the Gulf to another executive , BP 's chairman said Friday .
Carl - Henric Svanberg told Sky News that Hayward is going to change his role in dealing with the spill and that the day - to - day operation would be led by BP managing director Bob Dudley .
" It is clear Tony has made remarks that have upset people , " Svanberg told Sky News . " He will be more home and be there and be here , but I think it has been a difficult period and as long as we do n't close the well and take care of this , there will be criticisms about many things .
Right now that is our focus to make that happen . "
Svanberg himself apologized this week for his own comment after he called those affected by the spill " small people , " the New York Times reports .
" Tony Hayward is BP 's chief executive .
He is leading the biggest spill response ever mounted and has the full support of the board , " BP spokesman Daren Beaudo said in an e-mail to USA TODAY .
Beaudo said the BP chairman was referring to a June 4 press release during his interview with Sky News that announced BP would create a separate stand - alone organization to manage the long - term response once the spill is over that Dudley will lead .
Hayward was grilled Thursday on Capitol Hill by lawmakers about the company 's oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and its response to the disaster .
Hayward apologized for the April 20 Deepwater Horizon rig explosion that killed 11 workers and the leaking well .
While testifying before the committee , Hayward said it was " too early " to reach conclusions about whether the energy giant cut corners on safety .
( Posted by Jessica Durando )
Large anti G8 , G20 protests in Toronto ( 31 images )
TORONTO , June 27 ( UPI ) --
Police fired fired rubber bullets and wielded batons to disrupt unruly Group of 20 protesters in Toronto Sunday with arrests running past 500 , officials said .
Police Constable Rob McDonald said several dozen people were taken into custody at a University of Toronto building for allegedly wielding " street - type weaponry " that included bricks , bats , sharpened sticks and bottles of fluid -- " items you do n't need for a weekend in Toronto , " The Globe and Mail reported .
No guns or knives were found , he said .
Canadian TV network CTV reported police fired rubber pellets and blank rifle shots to push back about 100 demonstrators during what apparently had been a peaceful sit - in outside a detention center .
The network said the group was chanting " peaceful protest , peaceful protest " when police moved into the crowd to grab a known anarchist .
That triggered a reaction from the group , prompting the police response and more arrests .
On Saturday , an apparent breakaway group of about 70 protesters set fire to police cars , hurled bricks , and smashed store and office windows , the Toronto Star reported .
The protests , which drew thousands of demonstrators to the economic summit , halted downtown subway service much of Saturday and forced the closing of some hospitals and businesses as police corralled demonstrators by the busloads .
Officers , some pelted with bricks or other projectiles , fired tear gas for the first time in Toronto 's history at Queen and Peter streets , Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair said .
" We have never seen that level of wanton criminality and destruction on our streets , " Blair said .
Some protest organizers told the newspaper police had intimidated and arrested peaceful demonstrators .
The Guardian confirmed Jesse Rosenfeld , a Canadian journalist freelancing for the British newspaper , was arrested during the protests Saturday night .
Steve Paikin , host of public station TVOntario's " The Agenda , " witnessed the arrest and tweeted that he saw Rosenfeld , 26 , being held by two officers while another punched him and drove an elbow into the man 's back .
Paikin called it " totally unnecessary " use of force and " police brutality . "
Image caption
The five were convicted for seeking to hijack a cargo ship in the Gulf of Aden
A Dutch court has sentenced five Somali men to five years in prison for attacking a cargo ship in the Gulf of Aden last year , in the first such case to come to trial in Europe .
The men were convicted in Rotterdam of attacking a Dutch Antilles - flagged ship , the Samanyolu .
They were arrested last year when their high - speed boat was intercepted by a Danish frigate .
Pirates attempted more than 200 attacks off the Somali coast in 2009 .
The trial is seen a landmark case in the fight against piracy in the Indian Ocean , which has prompted navies from many countries to join an international task force to protect sea lanes .
Pirates have in the past succeeded in collecting multi-million - dollar ransoms .
' Fishing trip '
The five defendants were arrested in January last year after preparing to board the Samanyolu , which had a Turkish crew on board .
Piracy is a serious crime that must be powerfully resisted Klein Wolterink , Presiding judge Navies struggle with pirates
The five men pleaded not guilty at the opening of the trial last month , saying they had been on a fishing trip and they had approached the Samanyolu for help .
Prosecutors had requested five years in jail .
Presiding judge Klein Wolterink gave the defendants five - year sentences , saying he had taken account the difficult conditions in Somalia that led the men to piracy .
Nonetheless , he said they had been " only out for their own financial gain and did n't let themselves be troubled about damage or suffering caused to victims " .
He added that piracy was " a serious crime that must be powerfully resisted " .
One of the defendants told the court the decision was unfair .
" Netherlands do n't like Muslim people , " Sayid Ali Garaar , 39 , was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .
Other Somali piracy suspects are being held in France , Spain , Germany and the US .
Kenya , which holds more than 100 alleged pirates , has convicted 18 since 2007 .
AS A racism furore engulfs rugby league , Australian rules has again shown it is not rid of such prejudices either .
At an AFL function in Melbourne yesterday , the West Australian football legend Mal Brown referred to indigenous players - including one of the AFL 's most famous , Nicky Winmar - as ' ' cannibals ' ' .
Referring to poor ground lighting at some matches , he said : '' It actually disadvantaged us .
We could n't pick any of the cannibals .
Nicky Winmar , Michael Mitchell .
We did n't even get any white shirts to put on them . ''
Brown 's comments prompted some laughter in the room .
But the MC , the former Melbourne star Garry Lyon , was embarrassed .
'' You 've just put us on the back page of every paper tomorrow , '' he said .
When contacted after the lunch , Lyon said : '' You ca n't control everyone .
Everyone needs to take responsibility for things they do and say in this world these days , and Mal 's big enough and old enough to understand that . ''
Part of the Series The Public Intellectual
This article is the second in a three - part series taken from a forthcoming book , “ Education and the Crisis of Public Values ” to be published by Peter Lang Publishing Group .
“ Hope is conceived whenever the imagination and moral sense meet . ” - Zygmunt Bauman The Rising Tide of Global Protest Against Casino Capitalism
In the United States and Europe , thousands of demonstrators have organized to protest government cutbacks and austerity measures being enacted upon the most vulnerable members of society .
In the United States , students have poured out into the streets of cities on both coasts .
In Berkeley , California ; Raleigh , North Carolina ; and Montclair , New Jersey , they are protesting massive cuts in educational funding for both public and higher education and the laying off of thousands of teachers .
The cuts are serious .
According to the National Education Association , there are as many as “ 26,000 teachers in jeopardy of layoffs in California , 20,000 in Illinois , 13,000 in New York , 8,000 in Michigan and 6,000 in New Jersey . ” [ 1 ]
The mainstream media coverage of these projected job losses and even the more critical analyses of these events generally reduce soaring job layoff among public schoolteachers to an unhappy consequence of the economic recession .
The logic behind this assumption is not without validity , but the issue is often presented as uncomplicated and straightforward .
States with dwindling tax revenues are forced to eliminate basic public services and school budgets have become a major casualty of such cuts .
Operating in tandem with this simplistic justification is the view that teachers and teacher unions who oppose such layoffs and further cuts are selfish and indifferent to the needs of students .
ALSO SEE : Dumbing Down Teachers : Attacking Colleges of Education in the Name of Reform ( Part I )
ALSO SEE : In Defense of Public School Teachers in a Time of Crisis
ALSO SEE : Chartering Disaster : Why Duncan ’s Corporate - Based Schools Can’t Deliver an Education That Matters ( Part III )
This type of bad faith attack has teachers , unions , staff and students around the country demanding that states and the federal government immediately provide emergency funding in order to prevent the elimination of hundreds of thousands of teaching jobs and school personnel .
But the reaction against funding cuts is not voiced exclusively by those parties directly invested in schools .
It is also a position being advocated by the Secretary of Education , Arne Duncan , who wants to save over 300,000 teacher jobs by getting Congress to appropriate $ 23 billion in emergency aid .
While the call to restore funding is only a temporary solution to the problem of school layoffs , if not school reform itself , it should not be discounted .
Even a temporary reprieve is crucial for the many teachers who will lose their jobs and join the ballooning ranks of the unemployed .
Yet , what is absent from such analysis is any understanding of how these massive teacher layoffs are related to the larger crisis of neoliberalism and casino capitalism and its ongoing assault on public goods , the social contract and any remaining social protections offered by the social state .
While the circumstances in Greece are somewhat different and far more severe than in the United States , there are similar market - driven forces underlying the economic meltdown in both countries .
Fortunately , the current financial crisis in Greece and the widespread public response to it offers a different and more critical insight into how to respond to what Frank Rich has rightly called an “ international economic meltdown ” caused by “ the financial sector ’s runaway casino culture . ” [ 2 ]
In Greece , similar draconian measures are being called for , but the protests emerging in the streets of Athens and other cities operate out of a much more sophisticated level of political literacy .
In this instance , the Greek protesters view cuts in public services and education along with the dismantling of the welfare state as part of the harsh disciplinary policies of an international and social order dominated by neoliberal institutions such as the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and the World Bank . [ 3a ]
These very same policies glorify deregulated markets , privatization , the gutting of the social state and a society largely organized for the accumulation of capital , and function to serve the interests of an elite cadre of the rich and powerful .
This growing tide of opposition in Greece to the neoliberal policies of the IMF , the European Union ( EU ) and the corporate state rejects the power and market - driven values of financial institutions that privilege the needs of corporations over human rights while unraveling the protections of the social state and disregarding environmental safeguards .
The Greek protesters largely refuse the comforting illusion that neoliberal attacks on the social state begin and end with the current recession and can be corrected by slashing social protections through what Chronis Polychroniou calls “ the implantation of a structural adjustment program that contains harsh austerity measures which will hurt workers , pensioners and the poor and dismantle an already scant welfare system . ” [ 3 ]
Nor do these protesters accept the argument that the voices and actions of those who suffer hardships that extend from being unemployed to having one ’s pension wiped out can only be framed through a pathologizing and privatizing gaze that reduces such protests to individual irresponsibility , laziness , or another degrading character flaw .
Hence , it is not surprising that the marchers have yelled “ thieves , thieves , ” and “ burn the parliament down , it is a bordello . ” [ 4 ]
In my view , the reaction of protesters in the United States juxtaposed with the resistance movement in Greece suggests a difference between the two cultures that is not merely incidental , and speaks to an ever widening chasm of political culture and literacy that separates these two societies .
Greece reflects a social order in which a vibrant political culture and respect for critical education enable its citizens to think carefully and thoughtfully about both the history of the crisis and the socio-political forces that are causing it .
The protests are not simply directed against harsh austerity measures , but also “ against a ruling system as the economic and financial crisis has finally brought to the surface all the perversions and deformities of a political culture that thrives on graft and corruption … and the plundering of the public wealth for the benefit of the domestic economic elite . ” [ 5 ]
By contrast , in the United States a good part of the mainstream media and its anti-public intellectuals largely examine the financial crisis through very limited modes of analyses , suggesting not merely a devolution of political insight and critical understanding , but also the refusal to acknowledge the stultifying effects of the decades - long influence of a market - driven cultural apparatus that depoliticizes citizens and robs individuals of opportunities to think critically and to act on their capacities for thoughtful engagement and collective action .
In the US , the mainstream media is controlled largely by a few major corporations and lacks the political sophistication one finds in the media in Europe and other parts of the world .
In the US , politics spawns a culture of entertainment which trivializes the news and substitutes the spectacle over substance ; in the case of “ Fox News , ” certain forms of political illiteracy actually drive what could loosely be called social commentary and reporting .
In the US , the only public spheres left where critical analysis and discussion take place are in the alternative media extending from blogs to various online news journals .
Clearly , this massive hijacking of wealth and power by a militarized , market fundamentalism points to more than an economic or political problem : it heralds a crisis of education that is part of a broader crisis of democracy itself .
Hence , it is all the more devastating that the United States chooses to deal with its financial crisis by further weakening public and higher education .
Education remains one of the most important spheres left for creating critical and engaged citizens capable of challenging a material and symbolic order that blindly legitimates a culture of corruption , greed and inequality .
Under casino capitalism , we not only have a growing divide between the rich and the poor , a divide in which the rich pretty much have a monopoly on political , economic and social opportunities , but also the enormous power of a cultural apparatus that functions as a nonstop mode of education that endlessly carpet - bombs young and old with market - based values that undermine democratic values , notions of shared responsibility and a respect for the public good . [ 6 ]
This pervasive mode of corporate pedagogy with its erasure of the historical , ethical and social makes it difficult for the larger public to recognize that the current crisis facing public schoolteachers in the United States stems from a variety of interrelated socio-economic - political forces .
Some of these forces include a full - fledged attack on the welfare state , the determination of neoliberal advocates to disinvest in public education , the replacement of critical pedagogical practices with bloodless instrumental modes of training and an ongoing attempt to destroy teacher unions .
But they also include a concerted ideological and political effort by corporate - backed lobbyists , politicians and conservatives to weaken the power of existing and prospective teachers who challenge the mix of economic Darwinism and right - wing conservatism now aimed at dismantling any vestige of critical education in the name of educational reform . [ 7 ]
An exemplary illustration of how a militarized form of market fundamentalism works can be seen in the spate of laws passed in Arizona , Florida , and other states undermining both any vestige of critical teaching , while reducing the protections and benefits of educators .
In Florida , former , Gov. Jeb Bush , signed into law a bill stating , “ American history shall be viewed as factual , not as constructed . ”
That factual history , the law states , shall be viewed as “ knowable , teachable and testable . ” [ 8 ] – as if interpretation were a burden in teaching students how to situate , understand and critically engage “ facts . ”
Florida ’s inane law finds its counterpart in another , more ruthless , law banning ethnic studies in Tucson public schools . [ 9 ]
It gets worse .
In New York , Mayor Bloomberg announced that he will freeze the salaries of public schoolteachers for the next two years . [ 10 ]
The move to bailing out the rich to punishing educators is no longer simply a passing thought .
Not only are teachers and students under attack in this case , but also being undermined are those institutions and modes of critical education that might provide the basis for both symbolic and material resistance to such racist policies .
Before analyzing the current assault on public schooling and teachers , one that promotes a dangerous form of political illiteracy and culture of depoliticization , I want to turn first to the protests in Greece .
The Greek protest against the toxic neoliberal policies of casino capitalism is important because it provides a different theoretical understanding of both politics and the formative culture that shapes it .
In doing so , it offers an example of a more informative application of the tools of critical education and literacy to the assault on education and the social state than the protests taking place against teacher layoffs in the United States .
Greek Protests Against Casino Capitalism and the Politics of Neoliberalism
Responding to a global financial recession and debt crisis caused by what Gerard Dumenil calls the madness of neoliberalism organized through its vast and powerful network of corrupt banks and financial institutions , thousands of people took to the streets in Greece to protest austerity measures imposed by the EU and the IMF in order to put into place a $ 140 - billion rescue package . [ 11 ]
Rather than punish ruling politicians and corporate elites who are the vanguard of militarized neoliberalism and reform the institutions responsible for the financial meltdown and soaring debt crisis , the Greek government is supporting market - driven policies that will inflict massive amounts of suffering on ordinary Greeks , who , like many of their counterparts in the United States , have already lost their homes , savings , jobs , and other social protections .
Further subjected to the disciplinary mechanisms of the market , the people of Greece are being asked to submit to increased cuts in the public sector , including reductions in their salaries , pensions and other vital social services .
Under the terms of the cruel diktats of the IMF and EU , the neoliberal mode of economic Darwinism exercises its authority by imposing collective punishment on an entire society for the misdeeds of a relative few corporate , financial and political elites .
But there is more being revealed here than the fundamental immorality of neoliberalism ; there is also what Loic Wacquant calls “ a transnational project aiming to remake the nexus of market , state and citizenship from above . ” [ 12 ]
As Costas Douzinas pointed out , at the heart of this project is an attempt to launch “ the final assault on the European welfare state , suiting the neoliberal ideology of privatization , deregulation and transfer of capital and power from the public to the private . ” [ 13 ]
In part , this can be seen in the current demands for reform that “ will decimate the public sector , undermine the national health service , privatize the remaining utilities and extend salary cuts to the private sector , destroying hard won employment rights .
No public debate , parliamentary vote or referendum has authorised this wholesale destruction of the post - dictatorship social contract . ” [ 14 ]
One demand that should raise eyebrows in the United States is the IMF attempt to push the Greek government to implement budget cuts for education and to proceed further by privatizing higher education .
Refusing to give up their pensions , social protections and other benefits of the social state , teachers , young people , the elderly , labor activists , and a host of other groups are rising up en masse in Greece to resist this neoliberal assault .
As a function of shared understanding of how they as a people and democratic society are being undermined , they have organized collectively and refused to bear the brunt of punitive policies enacted by big banks , mega corporations , and other financial industries that gobble up corporate profits as a result of the workings of a “ bloated financial sector [ that largely ] steer [s ] savings away from productive investments into speculative financial investments – corporate mergers and takeovers and one risky asset bubble after another . ” [ 15 ]
What the example of the Greek protests suggests for Americans is the need to rethink not only the nature of the global neoliberal project driving teacher layoffs and the draconian cutbacks in school funding and other social services , but also how the current call for educational reform in the United States defines the crisis in a language and through a set of values that mimic the very discourse at the heart of the economic and ideological forces that caused the financial meltdown in the first place .
The people of Greece are refusing handouts that reflect the priorities of the rich over everyone else .
They are also rejecting the assumption that the market is the ultimate arbiter of social life and , for that reason , should not be held responsible for the damaged lives and human suffering it produces .
Clearly , the struggle being waged in Greece is not about reforming a militarized version of casino capitalism , but about putting into place a new political and economic system that will instead embrace the social state and prioritize the basic needs of the general population over the financial needs of the ruling elites and transnational corporations .
In what follows , I want to focus specifically on how the current crisis regarding teacher layoffs in the United States is being analyzed and addressed through weak liberal and neoliberal reformist discourses and how the hidden order of these discourses is the ultimate failure of public schooling in America and the reduction of teachers to a new subaltern class in the emerging for - profit education business .
The economic crisis has created a kind of disaster politics in which all public goods are now up for sale , especially public education .
If human beings are the most important collateral damage of the financial crisis , liberal and conservative reformers realize that some of the most fragile and crucial institutions they can infiltrate under the guise of a call for reform are the public schools .
First , I will examine the limits of the liberal discourse on education , exemplified in the work of Robert Reich .
I will then turn to the shortcomings of the Obama - Duncan market - driven reforms .
The Limits of Bailout Discourse and Liberal Reform in Education
The political limits of the reactions in the dominant media regarding recent announcements predicting massive teacher layoffs can be illustrated in two responses : the first is provided by Reich , the former secretary of labor in the Clinton administration ; [ 16 ]
Reich exemplifies the soft approach to educational reform , while the second and most serious comes from the current Secretary of Education , Duncan , along with an army of rich corporate leaders and anti-public intellectuals and neoliberal foundations .
The first response illustrates a moderate liberal understanding of what passes as educational reform under the Obama administration .
The second response represents the voice of official power embracing financial and ruling interests as a solution to the challenge of educational reform in a post - Bush era .
This latter case is a more threatening example of reform , not merely because it is promoted by the government , but because it makes an outward appeal to liberal principles that are in actuality deeply indebted to right - wing values and policies that increasingly aim to undermine public schools and the education of prospective teachers , while reclaiming market - driven values , practices and policies responsible for the recent financial crisis .
Both Reich ’s liberal views and Duncan ’s neoliberal position on education share an infatuation with market - driven modes of education and pedagogy .
Neither seems aware of the fact that , while a number of other institutions are now challenging the market - driven values that have shaped American society for the last 30 years , education seems to be one of the few spheres left that is seemingly willing to enshrine such values and , with no irony intended , does so in the name of reform .
Both arguments are disingenuous and while they may contain some genuine elements of reform , they ultimately undermine the notions that public schools are one of our most important democratic public spheres , that teachers are a crucial public resource who should be treated with dignity and a measure of autonomy and that students deserve an education that enables them to become fully responsible and critically engaged citizens rather than one that views them as customers , low - skilled workers or criminals .
Reich ’s argument focuses on the hardships that public schools and teachers face because of the deficits in state and local budgets brought on by the economic recession of 2008 .
He recognizes that one result of laying off thousands of teachers is that classrooms that once contained 20 to 25 students will soon be crammed with 40 to 45 students .
But more is at stake than overcrowded classrooms ; many vital education programs will be cut , including music , sports , art and even traditional subjects such as history .
He believes that something is wrong with a government that can provide $ 700 billion to bail out Wall Street banks and investment houses , but does next to nothing to bail out schools .
He insists that if the American people recognized that young people represent another form of wealth , which he unfortunately calls human capital , it will urge legislators to “ shift incentives away from financial capital toward human capital , ” which he believes can be done through a combination of taxes on financial transactions and interest - free loans . [ 17 ]
Unfortunately , Reich has little insight into how public schools are being positioned as one of the most crucial battlefields in the war over resources under the current regime of casino capitalism .
For instance , the eight trillion dollars that the federal government handed over to the collapsed financial sector points to more than a reckless bailout for the rich or a set of misplaced priorities , it also represents a systemic attempt by a militarized neoliberal economic and social order to drain money from the public sector and put it into the hands of rich individuals and powerful corporations and into the coffers of the permanent war complex .
Consequently , there is little mention in this analysis of the priority given to military spending over educational investments .
Appropriations of public funds for Iraq and Afghanistan since 2001 amount to a total war cost of $ 1.05 trillion dollars . [ 18 ]
Military spending in the United States is not only unparalleled across the globe , it is also politically , ethically and economically outrageous .
In terms of priorities , we get a glimpse of how this money could be used when translated in practical terms .
The cost of one B - 2 Stealth Bomber is $ 1,000,000,000 , the amount of which could supply 53,504,548 children with school books for a whole year . [ 19 ]
While this type of egregious defense spending is great news for the military - industrial complex , such runaway spending drains money from social programs that could be used to completely wipe out the cuts now experienced in education and other vital social services . [ 20 ]
Herein lies an element of the financial crisis that indicts both neoliberalism and the economic and military priorities that it supports .
This element of the crisis is simply off the table in the mainstream media and among liberal and conservative politicians .
Liberals inveigh against bailouts , but speak in hushed whispers about the need for massive social investments in areas designed to develop public services , goods and transportation .
Liberals have been so eager to please corporate interests in the last 20 years that they ca n’t even imagine a notion of educational reform connected to a jobs creation program aimed at rebuilding the aging infrastructures of schools .
A public works project of this sort could result in the employment of thousands of workers just as a “ shift toward investment – especially toward education , alternative energy and ecological restoration ” could provide thousands of jobs to teachers and others and improve the quality of lives for millions . [ 21 ]
Reich fails to make clear , as Anne Frémaux pointed out , “ that the market by itself does not constitute a social project .
It is … the site where the inequalities that will persist throughout social existence are born : it is , in its essence , the very site itself of the alienation that is opposed to the emancipative project of the school . ” [ 22 ]
What liberal critics such as Reich seem to miss is also captured in Les Leopold ’s suggestion : “ Perhaps the protesters should turn their eyes towards the twenty - five top hedge fund honchos who took in $ 25 billion in 2009 .
Their ‘ earnings ’ alone could fund 658,000 entry level teachers . ” [ 23 ]
Or take note of the fact that David Tepper , the head of Appaloosa hedge fund made “ $ 4 billion ( not million ) in 2009 .
Mr. Tepper ’s personal income for 2009 would have covered the salaries of 62 percent of public schoolteachers – who reach 855,600 students .
( Mean salary $ 57,645 ) . ” [ 24 ]
He further points out that New Jersey Gov. Charles Christie , the political head of the state where Tepper resides , will go out of his way to break the teachers ’ union and fire teachers , but , at the same time , refuses to reinstate “ the millionaires ’ tax – even though the state ’s fiscal crisis is a direct consequence of what millionaires and billionaires did on Wall Street . ” [ 25 ]
Leopold is doing more than simply renouncing the government bailout of the mega banks and financial institutions ; he is also identifying the systemic order of political and economic forces attempting to destroy public education by turning it into just another business that will provide handsome profits to stockholders .
According to Leopold :
[ i]t ’s ironic that the battlefield in this war over resources is public education .
Because the public remains entirely uneducated about the connection between those billionaires and school budget cuts .
We are clueless about what the Wall Street billionaires do to earn their riches and whether it ’s of any value .
We might be able to understand “ weapons of mass destruction , ” but financial weapons of mass destruction are way beyond us . [ 26 ]
Public schools are under attack not because they are failing or are inefficient , but because they are public , an unwanted reminder of a public sphere and set of institutions whose purpose is to serve the common good and promote democratic ends , values and social relations .
The forces poised to destroy public schools are ideologically motivated to destroy all vestiges of the common good , just as they are enraptured economically by the possibility of reaping big profits through an ongoing campaign aimed at promoting vouchers , privatization and charters , all of which are intended to slowly and successfully convince the public to disinvest in public schooling and transform it into a private rather than public good .
Reich has nothing to say about the deregulators , venture capitalists , army of privateers , and others who believe that the market provides the only meaningful language of human interaction .
He and many other liberals are conveniently silent about the right - wing attacks on public schools being waged in a variety of states through legislation designed to abolish tenure and faculty seniority , eliminate teachers ’ unions and transform schools into adjuncts of the corporation , or , in some cases , turn them into military training camps .
They decry the lack of public school funding , but are silent about states such as Arizona abolishing tenure along with seniority protections so they can get rid of both teachers who are critical of regressive policies and those teachers who are considered too expensive to keep , especially when young and inexperienced teachers can be hired at entry - level salaries .
This kind of economic cleansing is also matched by a type of ethnic cleansing made evident by the fact that in Phoenix , Arizona , the state senators approved legislation that would eliminate ethnic studies programs in the Tucson Unified School District on the grounds that they “ promote resentment toward a race or class of people . ” [ 27 ]
Moreover , the anti-immigrant sentiment in Arizona not only attempts to remove immigrants from the streets , but has been extended to the classroom .
The Arizona Department of Education has instructed schools to either terminate or remove from the classroom teachers who do not meet English fluency standards “ on things such as comprehensible pronunciation , correct grammar and good writing . ” [ 28 ]
What is tragic about this stipulation is that many of these teachers are bilingual , but speak English with an accent .
The new “ show me your papers ” [ 29 ] requirement in Arizona is now being matched with a “ let ’s hear you speak ” rule in order to determine if you are a “ real ” American .
Punishing teachers for having the wrong accent is more than an outburst of what Frank Rich calls “ nativist apoplexy , ” it is also a form of racist anti-intellectualism that disregards the pedagogical value of having bilingual teachers working in classrooms with students whose history , culture and language are familiar to them .
At the same time , the law defines ethnic studies as a threat to students because it focuses on histories that are often left out of the curriculum or , even worse , subjected to racist stereotyping .
This is an argument against what might be called dangerous memories – those memories of struggle that are deemed un -American because they criticize official , often cleansed , narratives about history or what some have called consensus history , which is free of conflict , struggle , resistance and reads like a script written for the Walt Disney company .
There is nothing useful about this ethically scandalous , state - sanctioned legislation given that it succumbs to promoting a type of political illiteracy that views difference rather than bigotry as a great threat to learning and to democracy .
Liberal critics such as Reich exhibit little understanding of the broader threat to public schooling posed by venture capitalists , for - profit school advocates , greedy corporations and the wide range of privatizing forces that extend from the school voucher crowd to the accountability supporters who want to link teaching to material rewards based on test outcomes .
This may be one reason why he fails to see the contradiction between wanting to save the jobs of public schoolteachers while simultaneously using a market - based description of teachers as a form of capital , with its accompanying implication that schools produce goods – two categories often used by anti-public school intellectuals .
Education is about more than harnessing capital , positioning the United States favorably as a global competitor and improving our standard of living .
It is at heart the laboratory where public values , justice and democracy come together to provide the foundation for critical agents and engaged citizens .
In the end , Reich ’s model of school reform mimics the logic of the market and gives precedence to economic values over democratic ideals .
Customer satisfaction , marketing , capital accumulation , efficiency , unbridled competition and business - type management are the key concepts that drive this model of public schooling and redefine the role of teaching .
It is an economistic model that has no interest in questions of ethics , ends and justice ; it offers , instead , a pedagogy in which an emphasis on practice supplements the hard work of learning how to think , standardization replaces creativity and the deskilling of teachers replaces an emphasis on creating the economic , social and pedagogical conditions for teachers to combine thinking and implementation , autonomy and creativity , in the service of the public good .
Liberals like Reich just do n’t get it .
Their political discourse is just too narrow and unreflectively endorses the right - wing belief that deregulation and redistribution are tantamount to wholesale educational reform .
Obama - Duncan Educational Reform and the Politics of Neoliberalism
One of the most startling absences that dominates the Obama administration ’s emphasis on educational reform is how little it thinks about or advocates the notion that students should be educated for democratic citizenship , engage in debates about public values and ethics and learn the knowledge and skills necessary for economic opportunity .
Instead , the public purpose and democratic goals of schools are downplayed , if not undermined , by an emphasis on policies , values and social practices that mimic the market - driven values of the existing mode of casino capitalism .
For example , Duncan ’s “ Race to the Top ” agenda emphasizes expanding efficiency at the expense of equity , prioritizes testing over critical pedagogical practices , endorses commercial values rather than public values , accentuates competition as a form of social combat over cooperation and shared responsibilities and endorses individual rights over support for the collective good – all of which are values that come out of the neoliberal play book in which the public is a term of opprobrium and self - interest coded as parental choice is the only recognizable motive for engaging in educational reform . [ 30 ]
It is not surprising that Race to the Top is cloaked as a contest based on the old standard free - market notion of competition , but instead of a contest that simply mimics market values , there is also at work an ideological agenda tied to dismantling teacher unions , removing protections for teachers and positioning future teachers at the mercy of administrators who believe that educational reform is mostly about creating data systems to measure how people teach and learn effectively .
This educational movement could have been put together by Bernie Madoff , and speaks clearly to how casino capitalism has produced an anti-reform movement more appropriately understood as a form of casino education .
Duncan ’s educational policies share an unholy alliance with the very norms and practices that are responsible for the current economic crisis and include an uncritical admiration for the deregulation of economic life , the collapse of public concerns into privatized issues , the development of policies that privilege the rich while criminalizing the poor , the substitution of the punishing state for the social state and an appeal to common sense and practice as a way to discredit theory , if not thinking itself .
This is the same logic that supports the view that corporations are people and provides the ideological and political foundation for the ruthless market fundamentalism that has taken over the country since the 1970s .
It is also a view that devalues both students and pedagogy by viewing young people as simply data and pedagogy as a delivery system . [ 31 ]
But Duncan ’s educational project goes further in that it discredits and undermines those forms of teaching and learning that are vital to public service , just as it creates modes of agency almost entirely harnessed to an economic and material self - interest that reflects an open disdain for the public sector at the same time as a barely concealed contempt for democracy .
Duncan ’s educational reform agenda has more in common with the conservative backlash that developed against the gains made by social movements fighting for reform in higher education in the 1960s than it does with any vestige of a progressive movement .
Campus activists fought against the corporatization of the university and its market and military oriented values and studies .
The struggle over education was defined largely as a fight for academic freedom , faculty autonomy , the creation of ethnic and women ’s studies departments , civil rights and free speech .
Education was defined as a practice of freedom and empowerment , rather than a celebration of instrumental rationality and corporate values . [ 32 ]
We now find ourselves in a society in which the Hobbesian war of all against all has become second nature and easily accommodates institutions , values and policies in which the obligations of the state to protect all of its members against the pitfalls of misfortune , the pain of indignity and the horror of poverty have given way to viewing such protections with disdain , leaving only a “ culture of charity , humiliation and stigma ” to redress the needs of those now regarded as disposable , human waste products of a consumerism obsessed , market - driven society . [ 33 ]
In Obama and Duncan ’s America , the pathologies of racism and the corrosive effects of inequality in wealth , income and power – the consequences of which include everything from missed educational opportunities to the mass incarceration of poor minorities – do not appear to exist . [ 34 ]
The Gordon Gekko ethos of ruthless competition motivated by its ugly belief that greed is good has resurfaced in officially sanctioned educational discourse and can be seen in policies that emphasize market - driven notions of competition and choice , pitting teachers against each other through the use of monetary rewards for teachers and students who meet alleged objective performance - based goals .
It is also evident in modes of teacher education that emphasize practical skills over forms of education that would actually enable teachers to think about what they teach , how they teach and how the context in which they teach might be theorized as part of a broader effort to deepen and enhance the vital civic purposes of schooling .
Lost here is any notion of educational reform dedicated to providing all children with a quality education while simultaneously keeping alive the most important ideals , values , formative culture and social relations necessary for an aspiring democracy .
Duncan ’s “ Race to the Top ” and his love affair with charter schools is supported by Ivy League snobs who harbor nostalgic , if not provincial , dreams about their private school experiences , white billionaires and rich foundations yearning for a new subaltern class of literate workers and a host of self - interested anti-public intellectuals who hope to gain huge financial rewards in the for - profit education business . [ 35 ]
What these groups all have in common is a disdain for any notion of public education in which teachers actually have power and public schools are seen as part of a project in which young people are educated to become vital participants in the political , economic and cultural spheres of society .
Most disturbing about the educational policies being pushed by Obama and Duncan is the degree to which they are organized around a formative culture in which there is no language for validating the discourse of public purpose over self - interest , embracing critical thinking over a culture of conformity and viewing pedagogy as a productive force that creates particular modes of knowledge , agency , values and social relations rather than merely as a refined practice for emphasizing the measurement and quantification of classroom practice .
There is no talk of domination and conflict among these anti-public reformers .
In fact , the discourse that trumps all political and ethical considerations is choice , the ultimate market - driven value .
The emphasis on the practical and data - driven performance pushed by Duncan and his neoliberal friends not only represents the triumph of abstract empiricism over substance , but also the reduction of educational reform to the prison house of methodology . [ 36 ]
Duncan ’s emphasis on the practical and the empirical , in the end , simply frees reformers from the burdens associated with theorizing matters of power , politics and ethics .
Of course , such issues go to the heart of how to understand pedagogy as a moral and political practice rather than merely as a technique or a method .
Moreover , public and higher education are a crucial reminder of the importance and necessity of institutions and public sites governed by public values rather than limited commercial values .
They share an affinity with the social state in which matters of governance are not reduced to individual and corporate interests but are defined as part of the common good .
As such , schools are the front line in providing students with the knowledge and skills that enable them to question authority , connect the specific to larger social forces , translate private issues into public considerations and create a formative culture in which knowledge and reason oppose forms of schooling and a public pedagogy whose ultimate purpose is to create a cheerful robot .
Educational reform matters , but it cannot be viewed as an isolated issue and must be linked to the broader crisis of power , economics , culture and democracy .
As such , education connects the crisis of literacy , politics and democracy so as to provide a glimpse of the larger context in which education must be understood and struggled over .
In the United States , the politics of education is addressed largely by anti-reformers as a private good so as to undermine its role as a public good .
In Greece , education is understood as central to the fight for not merely individual and political rights , but social rights – for a notion of the public , solidarity and common good in which individual freedom cannot be detached from the obligations of social and ethical responsibility .
In both Greece and the United States , teachers , students , workers , and many others feel an acute sense of betrayal and moral indignation as the social state is dismantled and politicians scramble to protect the privileged , wealthy and mega corporations with bailouts , while placing the burden for the current economic recession on the working and middle classes .
While the sense of betrayal and indignation over the deep financial cuts in education are affecting both countries , the response on the part of Greek students and labor activists is informed by a much broader understanding of the workings of neoliberal politics and the far - reaching influence of casino capitalism .
The culture of political literacy is alive and well in Greece , but is declining and is under major assault in the United States .
And this is most evident in the campaign that Duncan is waging against public schools , teachers and colleges of education .
The Obama administration ’s educational policy increasingly appears to favor an education system and a broader cultural apparatus that are utterly commodified , instrumentalized and dominated by private rather than public considerations .
Curiously , despite some skepticism regarding market - driven values being expressed by those involved in the financial sector in the United States , debates over education seem to be one of the few places left where neoliberal values are asserting themselves in an entirely unreflective way .
The pedagogical conditions necessary to reclaim a culture of political literacy suggest that we take matters of education seriously if we are going to survive as a democracy .
At the very least , it is time for Americans to take note of the fundamental importance of retaining educational theories and pedagogical practices that produce the knowledge , values and formative culture necessary for young people to believe that democracy is worth fighting for .
Footnotes :
1. Nick Anderson , “ Recession Could Result in Deep School Staff Layoffs , Larger Class Sizes , ” Washington Post ( April 21 , 2010 ) , p. A02 .
2. Frank Rich , “ Fight On , Goldman Sachs ! , ” New York Times ( April 25 , 2010 ) , p. WK12 .
3a .
For an excellent article on the nature of the struggles taking place in Greece , see Dimitris Fasfailis , “ Class Struggles Heat Up in Greece , ” The Bullett ( June 8 , 2010 ) .
3. Chronis Polychroniou , “ Greece on Edge of Abyss , ” Open Democracy ( May 16 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
4. Polychroniou , “ Greece on Edge . ”
5. Ibid .
6 . For a defense of this type of unregulated casino capitalism and an exemplary illustration of the ideological fundamentalism that drives it , see Arthur C. Brooks , “ America ’s New Culture War : Free Enterprise vs. Government Control , ” The Washington Post ( May 23 , 2010 ) , p. B1 .
7. Stanley Aronowitz and I have been writing about this issue for some time .
See Stanley Aronowitz and Henry A. Giroux , “ Education Still Under Siege , ” ( Amherst : Bergin and Garvey , 2004 ) .
See also , Stanley Aronowitz , “ Against Schooling , ” ( Boulder : Paradigm Publishing , 2008 ) ; Henry A. Giroux and Susan Searls Giroux , “ Take Back Higher Education , ” ( New York : Palgrave , 2004 ) ; Henry A. Giroux , “ Schooling and the Struggle for Public Life , ” second edition ( Boulder : Paradigm Publishing , 2005 ) .
8. Cited in Robert Jensen , “ Florida ’s Fear of History : New Law Undermines Critical Thinking , ” CommonDreams .
Org ( June 17 , 2006 ) .
Online here .
9. Tamar Lewin , “ Citing Individualism , Arizona Tries to Rein in Ethnic Studies in School , ” New York Times ( May 13 , 1010 ) , p. A13 ; Isabel Garcia and Kim Dominguez , “ Arizona Students Protest New Law Banning Ethnic Studies Classes , ” Democracy Now ( May 14 , 2010 ) .
Appearing on MSNBC ’s “ Hardball with Chris Mathews , ” Doug Nick , a liaison on educational matters for Tom Horne , the state superintendent of public instruction in education , argued that students who read Paulo Freire ’s “ Pedagogy of the Oppressed ” are being encouraged to reconquer parts of the southwestern United States .
This is not simply a form of idiotic misrepresentation of Freire ’s work , who argued for problem - posing education against what he called banking forms of education ; it is a racist discourse that discounts any category that invokes race or ethnicity as part of an effort to engage history , culture or matters of identity and agency .
In this view , cultural , racial and ethnic differences are more dangerous than bigotry .
10 . Jennifer Medina , “ Bloomberg Moves to Block Teachers ’ Raises , ” New York Times ( June 2 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
11 . Paul Jay , “ Interview with Gérard Duménil : Greece , a Crisis Born of Neo-liberal Madness , ” The Real News ( March 10 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
12 . Loic Wacquant , “ Punishing the Poor : The Neoliberal Government of Social Insecurity , ” ( Durham : Duke University Press , 2009 ) , p. 306 .
13 . Costas Douzinas , “ Greece Can Fight Back Against Neoliberals , ” Guardian UK ( April 27 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
14 . Ibid .
15 . Robin Hahnel , “ Financial Reform , ” Z Space ( May 7 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
16 . Robert Reich , “ Bail Out Our Schools , ” TruthOut ( March 8 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
17 . Reich , “ Bail Out Our Schools . ”
18 . “ National Priorities Project Tallies Cost of War through September 30 , 2010 , ” National Priorities Project ( January 11 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
19 .
These figures are take from the cost of war calculator .
Online here .
20 . Gilbert Mercier , “ The US Military Spending Keeps Growing and Growing , ” News Junkie Post ( February 1 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
Some important sources on American militarism include : Andrew J. Bacevich , “ The Limits of Power , ” ( New York : Metropolitan Books , 2008 ) ; Nick Turse , “ How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives , ” ( New York : Metropolitan Books , 2008 ) ; Andrew J. Bacevich , “ The New American Militarism , ” ( New York : Oxford University Press , 2005 ) ; and Chalmers Johnson , “ The Sorrows of Empire , ” ( New York : Metropolitan Books , 2004 ) .
21 . Juliet Schor , A Cure for Consumption , ” Boston Globe ( May 30 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
For an extensive analysis of this issue , see Juliet Schor , “ Plenitude : the New Economics for True Wealth , ” ( New York : Penguin Press , 2010 ) .
22 . Anne Frémaux , “ The Educational Crisis , Symptom and Crucible of Societal Crisis , ” TruthOut ( April 5 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
23 . Les Leopold , “ Hey Dad , Why Does This Country Protect Billionaires and Not Teachers ? ” AlterNet ( May 5 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
24 . Ibid .
25 . Ibid .
26 . Ibid .
27 . Howard Fischer , “ Legislators Take Aim Anew at Ethnic - Studies Programs , ” Capital Media Services ( April 29 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
28 . Miriam Jordan , “ Arizona Grades Teachers on Fluency , ” Wall Street Journal ( April 30 , 2010 ) .
Online here .
29 . Frank Rich , “ If Only Arizona Were the Real Problem , ” New York Times ( May 2 , 2010 ) , p. WK10 .
30 .
This turn toward an obsession with material interests at the expense of the public good is taken up brilliantly in Tony Judt , “ Ill Fares the Land , ” ( New York : Penguin , 2010 ) .
31 . Against a degrading empiricism in which students are viewed as simply data who have no histories , emotions , desires or experiences , see Gaston Alonso , Noel S. Anderson , Celina Su and Jeanne Theoharis , “ Our Schools Suck : Students Talk Back to a Segregated Nation on the Failures of Urban Education , ” ( New York : New York University Press , 2009 ) .
32 . See Ellen Schrecker , “ The Lost Soul of Higher Education : Corporatization , the Assault on Academic Freedom and the End of the American University , ” ( New York : The New Press , 2010 ) ; Edward J. Carvalho , ed. , “ Academic Freedom and Intellectual activism in the Post - 9/11 University , ” Works and Days 26 & 27 ( 2008 -2009 ) .
Marc Bousquet , “ How the University Works , ” ( New York : New York University Press , 2008 ) ; Henry A. Giroux , “ The University in Chains : Confronting the Military - Industrial - Academic Complex , ” ( Boulder : Paradigm Publishers , 2007 ) ;
33 . Zygmunt Bauman , “ Living on Borrowed Time : Conversations With Citlalj Rovirosa - Madrazo , ” ( Cambridge : Polity , 2010 ) , p. 7 .
For a brilliant analysis of the how the Obama administration ’s neoliberal education policies are influenced by market - driven venture philanthropists , especially with regard to teacher education , educational leadership , charters , vouchers and corporate values , see Kenneth J. Saltman , “ The Gift of Education : Public Education and Venture Philanthropy , ” ( New York : Palgrave Macmillan , 2010 ) .
34 .
On the corrosive effects of inequality on all aspects of American life , see Judt , “ Ill Fares the Land . ”
35 . Steven Brill , “ The Teachers ’ Union Last Stand , ” New York Times ( May 23 , 2010 ) , pp. 32-39 , 44-46 .
36 .
These issues were taken up brilliantly in the not too distant past by C. Wright Mills , various members of the Frankfurt School and by advocates of the new sociology of education in the 1980s .
The Australian embassy in Qatar is n’t doing enough to help a citizen get home , claims a prominent human rights organization .
Aussie national Joseph Sarlak , 69 , has been stuck in the tiny Gulf nation ever since 2016 when he faced court there over embezzlement charges .
He was made a scapegoat though , according to Detained in Dubai , a renowned UAE civil and legal rights advocate .
According to the organisation and its founder , it was Sarlak ’s local business partner who depleted the company accounts while cheques to suppliers were pending .
The cheques bounced despite every effort being made by the Australian to arrange the funds .
He subsequently went to jail .
Qatar issued separate sentences for each individual cheque .
Sarlak faced the prospect of spending the rest of his life in a Qatari prison .
Then last year Sarlak was acquitted on all charges , and he and his family had every expectation that they would be together again soon enough .
However , just as he was preparing to be deported back to Australia he found his departure was blocked .
The reason : a travel ban imposed on him over the case had not been rescinded , even though he had been acquitted .
Joe Sarlak is still in Qatar ; with his own health issues as well as a global pandemic to contend with .
In a statement , Detained in Dubai ’s founder described Sarlak ’s bureaucratic nightmare as ‘ Kafkaesque ’ and accused the Australian embassy in Qatar of being “ woefully unhelpful ” with their efforts to get him home .
“ In order to get the travel ban removed , he has to apply in court , then court clerks refer him to a website ; the website requires a resident I.D. , and obviously , Joe ’s I.D. is expired ; it is going round and round in circles and has been for months , ” said Radha Stirling , CEO of Detained in Dubai , who has been representing Sarlak from the beginning of his ordeal .
“ Meanwhile , Joe suffers from heart disease , hypertension , hypercholesterolemia and arthritis , and he is being sent from one office to another amidst a pandemic .
“ The Australian embassy has been woefully unhelpful .
“ Such slight intervention is needed from them to easily resolve this issue , a few calls to the Qatar Interior Ministry could get Joe on a plane home within a week ; but there is just no interest or effort being made by Australia .
“ Joe ’s family has written to the Interior Ministry , as have we , and we have reached out to the Australian embassy several times .
It is outrageous and absurd that the Australian government cannot muster the will to help an elderly citizen resolve a simple paperwork problem . ”
According to Stirling , Sarlak has been the victim of bias and corruption she says is endemic to the legal system in Qatar , with the man who allegedly embezzled the money belonging to the tribe of the emirate ’s ruling family .
The Australian embassy in Qatar must do more to help its citizen , she says .
“ It was nothing short of a miracle that Joe succeeded finally in court , ” said Stirling .
“ To have him continue to be prevented from leaving the country , despite his innocence and acquittal , while he does have a deportation order , is cruel farce and the Australian government needs to stand up for Joe and get him home sooner rather than later . ”
My previous reference for practical Linux commands was surprisingly popularwith over 3.5 million hits in nearly 5 years .
So I 've decided to start compilinganother list of somewhat more involved / esoteric commands .
Examples marked with • are valid / safe to paste without modification into a terminal , so
you may want to keep a terminal window open while reading this so you can cut & paste .
Footprints in New York : Tracing the Lives of Four Centuries of New Yorkers .
Check out our new book online at www.footprintsinnewyork.com
STATEN ISLAND , N.Y. -- Joanna Petosa loves cheerleading :
For the past two years , the Grant City 8 - year - old with shining eyes and a wide smile has been an enthusiastic member of the St. Christopher 's cheerleading squad .
But after this year 's round of tryouts , Joanna 's mother received a harsh message from the coach -- if Joanna remained on the team , she would drag the other girls down .
" She ( the coach ) said they had come to the conclusion that she did n't have the mental capacity to do the stunts , " Sally Petosa said .
" All she talks about is cheerleading .
And now , am I going to break her heart because they 're worried about a $ 3 trophy ? "
At issue is Joanna 's autism .
Even though the PS 54 third - grader always pulls
As in her classes and can perform all of the cheerleading stunts with precision , Mrs. Petosa said the parish often doubts her abilities .
She said last year , after parents expressed concerns Joanna would n't be able to keep up , she agreed to keep her daughter on the younger girls ' team , despite the fact that she towered over them in size .
" I did n't want to make an issue of it , " she said , adding she explained the situation to her daughter by saying she was helping the younger kids .
" Her disability is she is a little immature for her age .
She is very trusting and loving and not jaded .
She is a nice little girl . "
She was told this year Joanna would be able to join the girls in her age group and even handed in her $ 60 deposit .
That is , until the offer was reneged and the check returned to her .
Parish officials would not speak with the Advance , instead referring all questions to the Archdiocese of New York .
Fran Davies , a spokeswoman for the Archdiocese , denied that the coach called out Joanna 's diagnosis .
She even said Joanna was still welcome to cheerlead , but that she did n't make it onto the school 's new competitive team for second - through eighth - graders .
Instead , while 16 girls would cheer at basketball games and participate in tournaments for awards , Joanna and five other girls who did not make it onto the competitive team would cheer just at basketball games .
" She has done very well , " Ms. Davies said .
" Everyone loves having her , and they would still love to have her on the team . "
Mrs. Petosa , a longtime parishioner of St. Christopher , whose family has deep roots in the church , said she is stung by the decision , especially since her daughter is capable of performing all of the tricks and is even ahead of many girls her age .
She said her daughter wants to compete and that there 's no reason why she should n't be allowed to .
" They lost a parishioner , and what they 're doing is not very Christ - like , " Mrs. Petosa said , fighting back tears .
Last weekend , Joanna tried out for -- and was accepted onto -- Island Xplosion , an all - stars , community cheerleading team .
" She got on the floor and stretched with the other girls and did all the tumbles , cartwheels and roundoffs , " said the coach , James DeFranco .
" She even learned a whole routine and a jump sequence , while she was here .
She did anything any other girl did .
She was even quicker than some of them . "
Joe Panepinto , the director of Staten Island Catholic Charities , who has overseen the annual CYO competition for 31 years , said he was angered that St. Christopher 's would n't give Joanna a chance .
" It 's more about the journey than the destination , and if all you 're talking about is putting together a team that can win , then you 're not really in it for all the right reasons , " he said .
Panepinto added that he was appalled to hear from Mrs. Petosa that Joanna 's autism was considered a problem for the parish .
" We are all for inclusion and I think it was absolutely wonderful Joanna was on the team , " he said .
" If the coach asked for her to be removed , shame on her .
It 's so anti everything we stand for , it turns my stomach . "
--
Prostitution is the biggest threat to the morality of our society and unfortunately it is legal in some countries and growing at an alarming rate .
There is an info - graphic that i found today and like to share it with you .
In the American imagination , the founding era shimmers as the golden age of political discourse , a time when philosopher - kings strode the public stage , dispensing wisdom with gentle civility .
We prefer to believe that these courtly figures , with their powdered hair and buckled shoes , showed impeccable manners in their political dealings .
The appeal of this image seems obvious at a time when many Americans lament the partisan venom and character assassination that have permeated the political process .
Unfortunately , this anodyne image of the early republic can be quite misleading .
However hard it may be to picture the founders resorting to rough - and - tumble tactics , there was nothing genteel about politics at the nation 's outset .
For sheer verbal savagery , the founding era may have surpassed anything seen today .
Despite their erudition , integrity , and philosophical genius , the founders were fiery men who expressed their beliefs with unusual vehemence .
They inhabited a combative world in which the rabble - rousing Thomas Paine , an early admirer of George Washington , could denounce the first president in an open letter as " treacherous in private friendship … and a hypocrite in public life . "
Paine even wondered aloud whether Washington was " an apostate or an imposter ; whether you have abandoned good principles , or whether you ever had any . "
Such highly charged language should n't surprise us .
People who spearhead revolutions tend to be outspoken and courageous , spurred on by a keen taste for combat .
After sharpening their verbal skills hurling polemics against the British Crown , the founding generation then directed those energies against each other during the tumultuous first decade of the federal government .
The passions of a revolution cannot simply be turned off like a spigot .
By nature a decorous man , President Washington longed for respectful public discourse and was taken aback by the vitriolic rhetoric that accompanied his two terms in office .
For various reasons , the political cleavages of the 1790s were particularly deep .
Focused on winning the war for independence , Americans had postponed fundamental questions about the shape of their future society .
When those questions were belatedly addressed , the resulting controversies threatened to spill out of control .
The Constitutional Convention of 1787 had defined a sturdy framework for future debate , but it did n't try to dictate outcomes .
The brevity and generality of the new charter guaranteed pitched battles when it was translated into action in 1789 .
If the constitution established an independent judiciary , for instance , it did n't specify the structure of the federal court system below the Supreme Court .
It made no reference to a presidential cabinet aside from a glancing allusion that the president could solicit opinions from department heads .
The huge blanks left on the political canvas provoked heated battles during Washington 's time in office .
When he first appeared in the Senate to receive its advice and consent about a treaty with the Creek Indians , he was so irked by the opposition expressed that he left in a huff .
" This defeats every purpose of my coming here , " he protested .
Backbreaker 's creators included a design customization engine so deep , a producer says you can recreate Da Vinci's The Last Supper in your team 's end zone .
He knows what most folks will try first though : " People , yeah , they 're gonna create dicks . "
Advertisement
" Let 's face it , the first two days of the game being out , all we 're going to see is a bunch of cocks , like , spread across the end zone , " Rob Donald , the game 's associate producer , told Kotaku .
" Look at Spore when that came out .
That was quite a sophisticated game , and this is a football game .
So , people , yeah , they 're gonna create dicks .
Massive , giant phalluses that you 're running into and scoring on . "
That 's for those who choose to use Backbreaker as a tool for evil .
For those who see it as a force for good , they 'll find a canvas that enables some pretty amazing creations .
For example , Donald said one of the game 's testers spent a week building OutRun themed end zone art in a 16 - bit style , entirely within the game 's closed editing system .
" The end zone was like a screenshot from OutRun , you 've got the car in the middle and palm trees at the outside , " Donald said .
Advertisement
NaturalMotion Games , the developer , took inspiration from Forza Motorsport 's customization tools , which have led to eye - popping car designs from that game 's community .
So while Backbreaker will include some clip art , and its existing team logos also are fully editable and palette - swappable , the real creative stuff will come from stamping down layers and shapes , coloring them , and painstakingly crafting a stunner .
" The really , really complex logos are made when you stack layers on top of each other , " Donald said .
" Then you can put blockers in so that everything under that is protected , then you layer up some more in a different color , and cut through those layers .
It 's a really in - depth system , we 're really proud of it . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Donald is convinced we 'll see some masterpieces - literally - shortly after the game hits the street tomorrow .
" I 've said this a few times , I am totally expecting to see on YouTube , a fortnight after the game is out , a perfect recreation of The Last Supper in someone 's end zone , " he said .
" It 's stuck in my head as something that will happen .
In fact , I 'll put that as a challenge to Kotaku 's readers . "
Advertisement
Of course , when playing online , you will not see anyone 's custom uniforms , logos , or endzone art unless they appear in your friends list .
Otherwise you get a generic kit by default , Donald said .
" We know what people are like , we know what the Internet is like .
So we 've been careful there , " Donald said .
" However if you want to put whatever design you want , your mates will be able to see it online .
You can be as insulting and as rude as you like , or as inspirational as you like .
But we know which one 's gonna get done the most . "
Advertisement
Dicks .
" The Denver Dicks , yes , " Donald said , laughing .
WASHINGTON — The job market in April was tougher than a year ago in hundreds of U.S. metropolitan areas , according to data the U.S. Labor Department released Wednesday .
The unemployment rate in April was higher than a year earlier in 291 of the 372 metropolitan areas covered by the Labor Department report .
It was lower in 73 areas and unchanged in eight areas .
The ...
Downing Street said the 30 - minute phone call between the Prime Minister and the US President had been " warm and amicable " in a clear effort to ease tensions in the wake of recent anti-British rhetoric from the US over the leak .
Abrams ’ lesser known co-showrunner on the series – and co-scripter on the show ’s incredible first two hours – is Damon Lindelof , described to me by one highly respected TV writer as “ probably be the next great hope for television . ”
Thing is , Lindelof ’s resume itself does n’t always inspire a lot of awe .
He ’s written for three prior series – “ Nash Bridges , ” “ Undressed ” and “ Crossing Jordan ” – that do n’t typically set geek hearts aflutter .
The following comprises an email interview conducted between Aug. 16 and Aug. 18 .
It may behoove those who have not seen any part of the pilot to have a gander at Herc ’s five - star review before soldiering on .
AICN : The 83 - minute pilot I saw will be divided ?
Hewlett - Packard has announced a new line of printers designed to work directly with smartphones and cloud services without the need for a computer intermediary .
The printers are designed to take print jobs that are e-mailed to them or uploaded to a cloud service they can access .
HP hopes the increased accessibility will encourage the use of printouts , as files can increasingly be carried on a single pocket device .
The new range of printers have Web access , either wired or wireless , removing the need for a print server or connection to a computer .
They have touchscreens and e-mail addresses , and can print documents that are e-mailed to them from any source , as well as items from Web services like Google Docs .
Users can schedule print jobs on the printers and set up regular print runs of their documents , like weekly menus or itineraries .
HP is also lining up a Web incarnation of the print service called ePrint Center , where consumers and companies can upload files , such as coloring book sheets or birthday card templates .
Customers would be able to purchase the rights to print the files and send them to the printer without having to download anything — or even use a computer , if they have a smartphone .
Aside from home use , HP hopes that the printers may be set up for public use , as in airports or hotels , so long as someone is around to change the ink cartridges and fill the paper tray .
How payments for files and printing materials would be distributed between HP , suppliers , and printer owners is unclear .
The printers range from $ 99 to $ 299 , and the least expensive wireless version costs $ 199 .
They will be available to consumers sometime this month and will be offered to small businesses in the fall .
click images
Hustler
Previous promotional pinup calendars
UK Army Garrison Girls
Russian plumbing company
Ryanair
Italian coffin company
Fish oil helps schoolchildren to concentrate ran a headline in the Observer .
Regular readers will remember the omega - 3 fish oil pill issue .
The entire British news media has been claiming for several years now that there are trials showing that the pill improves school performance and behaviour in mainstream children , despite the fact that no such trial has ever been published .
There is something very attractive about the idea that solutions to complex problems in education lie in a pill .
So have things changed ?
The Observer 's health correspondent , Denis Campbell , is on the case , and it certainly sounds as if they have .
" Boys aged 8 - 11 who were given doses once or twice a day of docosahexaenoic acid , an essential fatty acid known as DHA , showed big improvements in their performance during tasks involving attention . "
Great .
" The researchers gave 33 US schoolboys 400 mg or 1,200 mg doses of DHA , or a placebo every day for eight weeks .
Those who had received the high doses did much better in mental tasks involving mathematical challenges . "
Brilliant news .
Is it true ?
After some effort , I tracked down the academic paper .
The first thing to note is that this study was not a trial of whether fish oil pills improve children 's performance ; it was a brain imaging study .
They took 33 children , split them into three groups ( of 9 , 10 and 12 children ) and gave them either : no omega - 3 , a small dose , or a big dose .
The children performed some attention tasks in a brain scanner , to see if bits of their brains lit up differently .
Why am I saying omega -3 ?
Because it was n't a study of fish oil , as the Observer says , but of omega - 3 fatty acids derived from algae .
Small print .
If this had been a trial to detect whether omega - 3 improves performance , it would be laughably small : a dozen children in each group .
While small studies are n't entirely useless , as amateurs often claim , you do have a very small number of observations to work from , so your study is much more prone to error from the simple play of chance .
A study with 11 children in each arm could conceivably detect an effect , but only if the fish oil caused a gigantic and unambiguous improvement in all the children who got it , and none of those youngsters taking the placebo improved .
This paper showed no difference in performance at all .
Since it was a brain imaging study , not a trial , the results of the children 's actual performance in the attention task was only reported in a single paragraph .
But these results were clear : " There were no significant group differences in percentage correct , commission errors , discriminability , or reaction time . "
So this is all looking pretty wrong .
Are we even talking about the same academic paper ?
I 've a long - standing campaign to get mainstream media to link to original academic papers when they write about them , at least online , with some limited success on the BBC website .
I asked the writer Campbell which academic paper he was referring to , but he declined to answer , and passed me on the Stephen Pritchard , the readers ' editor for the Observer , who answered a couple of days later to say he did not understand why he was being involved .
Eventually Campbell confirmed , but through Pritchard , that it was indeed a paper from the April edition of the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
If we are very generous , is it informative , in any sense , that a brain area lights up differently in a scanner after some pills ?
Intellectually , it may be .
But doctors get very accustomed to drug company sales reps and enthusiastic researchers who approach them with an exciting theoretical reason as to why one treatment should be better than another ( or better than life as usual without the miracle treatment ) : maybe their intervention works selectively on only one kind of receptor molecule , for example , so it should therefore have fewer side effects .
Similarly , drug reps and researchers will often announce that their intervention has some kind of effect on some kind of elaborate measure of some kind of surrogate outcome : maybe a molecule in the blood goes up in concentration , or down , in a way that suggests the intervention might be effective .
This is all very well .
But it 's not the same as showing that something really does actually work back here in the real world .
Medicine is overflowing with unfulfilled promises from this kind of early theoretical research .
It 's not even in the same ballpark as showing that something works .
Oddly enough , someone has now finally conducted a proper trial of fish oil pills , in mainstream children , to see if they work : a well - conducted , randomised , double - blind , placebo - controlled trial , in 450 children aged 8 – 10 years from a mainstream school population .
It was published in full this year – and the researchers found no improvement .
Show me the news headlines about that paper .
Meanwhile , Euromonitor estimates global sales for fish oil pills to be at $ 2bn , having doubled in five years , with sales projected to reach $ 2.5 bn by 2012 .
The pills are now the single best - selling product in the UK food supplement market .
This has only been possible with the kind assistance of the British media , and their eagerness for stories about the magic intelligence pill .
• This article was amended on Wednesday 9 June 2010 to remove a link to an article in the Observer which is no longer available online
Engineering students in America have won a NASA competition with their design for a combination aeroplane / helicopter / catamaran rescue craft .
Students from Blighty worked on the runner - up design , a quadruple - rotor version of the famous V - 22 " Osprey " craft .
Two hulls are better than one , seemingly
" The designs were creative , innovative and looked at many issues in detail , " said NASA bigwig Susan Gorton , of the agency 's Subsonic Rotary Wing Project .
" Reading the student papers highlighted how many bright young engineers are interested in the future of rotary wing vehicles .
I certainly hope some of them decide to work with NASA as a career choice . "
The NASA Aeronautics Amphibious Tilt Rotor for Civilian Operations Competition was set up by the space agency 's Aeronautics Mission Directorate through its Fundamental Aeronautics Program .
The winning design , dubbed the Rescue Amphibious Firefighting Tiltrotor ( RAFT ) , was developed by 10 engineering students at Virginia Tech .
It features two flying - boat style hulls joined by a central wing to form a catamaran for landings on water even in quite rough seas ( up to sea state four ) .
Projecting wings on either side carry swivelling nacelles like those of today 's V - 22 , but more powerful and featuring larger propellor / rotor blades .
According to the designers ' calculations the RAFT would be able to cruise at 300 knots and offer range of 800 nautical miles on a fill of just over 4½ tonnes of fuel .
It could carry up to 50 passengers or approximately 5 ½ tonnes of water for firefighting purposes , which it could easily scoop up by making a brief touchdown on a handy body of water .
The powerful catamaran flying - boat / copter would weigh in at a hefty 28 + tonnes all up .
I come to bury Caesar , not to praise him .
Well maybe a bit
Runner - up was the Civilian Aid , Emergency Search and Rescue ( CAESAR ) concept developed by students at Georgia Tech in Atlanta and the University of Liverpool here in Blighty .
CAESAR uses a more conventional monohull and thus is judged safe to make water landings only in sea state 3 or less .
It features four wings , each with a swivelling tiltrotor nacelle , and so does n't need such long blades as the RAFT .
In all other respects the CAESAR appears to offer equal potential to the RAFT , but the better rough - sea stat seems to have carried the day .
The winners walked away with a $ 5000 cash prize , and selected students also won paid summer internships at NASA .
The compo for 2010 / 11 is on a different theme ; green aviation .
Full details on the Environmentally Responsible ( Green ) Aviation College Student Challenge can be found here . ®
The cult of musical equipment
by Gary Gomes
( April 2006 )
That is enough about me .
I would go on , but Perfect Sound does n't pay for me to do personal psychotherapy and in any event , I wanted to do an article about why we make the instrument choices we do when we are young and even older .
This came to mind when I was looking at guitars , amplifiers and sort of puts the head on a series of observations about human behavior that I noticed through the years of being an instrument geek .
I know most of the instruments that can be obtained , and even a lot of the obscure products and instruments out there , because I thought it would be valuable to know about the tools involved in making music .
So I learned these things in a way that really only shows that I need to get a life .
First of all , let 's get one thing straight -- guitars really are planks of wood ( unless they have plastic or graphite bodies ) ; synthesizers and other electronic and electric keyboards really are amalgams of wire and electronics wrapped up in a packages that uses a limited twelve notes as triggers ; drums really are membranes stretched over frames ( pianos are really tuned drums , because the strings are hit , right ? ) , woodwinds use wood or metal to amplify wind forced through a reed , violins are stretched wire that uses a friction producing device to make noise -- you get the idea .
The means of noise production available to humans usually fits one of these patterns -- even voices are combinations of strings ( vocal cords ) , winds and percussion .
And electronic amplifiers are devices use to increase the volume of electronically produced or captured sounds .
They allow for extra adjustments of sounds through effects devices , but these are essentially ways of modifying sound through filters of varying sophistication , and like all filtration , these color the sound of the sound source -- the instrument .
Yet we are enraptured by the tools , by the makers of these tools , whatever their names may be .
This is where the art of the tool maker starts to dominate the tool , and our relationship with it .
We are slaves to the brand name -- and for some things that is good .
But why are we enraptured by Fender , Marshall , Gibson -- the big boys ?
There have been other big boys , and there are some fine musical instrument manufacturers out there -- but these are big time , sexy names , almost iconic .
They make fine products , but why is the budding musician usually attracted to these ?
It is ( as if you did not know ) the fact that the STARS used these products .
Hendrix ' Marshall stack and Fender Stratocaster ARE rock ; Clapton 's Gibsons ( in the 1960's ) and Fenders are well known ; the late Stevie Ray Vaughn also had a predilection for Fender .
Jimmy Page and Jeff Beck also shared Clapton 's split loyalties for the big makers .
In the 1980 's brands , like Charvel and Ibanez also started being used extensively , but I can remember looking at some excellent guitarists and saying to myself that the guitar looked like a toy , so I was a willing participant in this process from a very early age .
My classmates used to joke about my obsession with such things when I was in high school .
The lure of the pop star , of the brand name that promises so much , has been a constant in our culture .
And certainly one can plank down what they wish for any plank of wood and get a reasonable amount of mileage out of it .
BUT ... we tend to forget that Jeff Beck 's Yardbirds axe was a Fender Esquire that he bought used for $ 60 and modified .
Randy California of Spirit ( who influenced , among others , Phil Manzanera and Jimmy Page ) worked with a cheap Dan Electro guitar made for Sears !
( I have seen pictures of Jimi Hendrix ' first guitar and that looked like a Dan Electro Sears model too ! )
John McLaughlin's first electric was a Fender Mustang ( which Fred Frith praised as " gloriously gritty " in an email exchange I had with him once ) , as was Lee Jackson of the Nice 's bass in the early history of that group .
Eric Clapton started on a Kay , and John Alec Entwistle made his first bass guitar by hand , while Ginger Baker of Cream made one of his drum kits out of Perspex plastic that Jack Bruce said sounded incredible .
The same Jack Bruce used a cheap Dan Electro Longhorn bass on Disraeli Gears -- the Fender VI was used on Fresh Cream and the famous Gibson EB - 3 was used live usually .
Amplifiers -- well that is an interesting story as well .
The most famous ( and oddest ) choice of amplifier had to go to Jimmy Page for his use of a 1950 's Supro - - a very small , low power amplifier -- on the first Led Zeppelin album .
In my opinion he never sounded better .
Randy California used a Sears Silvertone ( I saw Jack White using one on television not too long ago ) and the late Randy California claimed that Hendrix used his amp when they played together .
Now , the Silvertone is a pretty bare knuckles guitar amplifier .
Since I grew up in the 1960's , I saw my fair share of them -- but what they lacked in fidelity they made up for in volume and distortion .
California managed the longest lasting guitar sustain I ever heard ( until Robert Fripp came along ) with his Sears guitar and amplifier , and I can recall a good friend of mine managing to replicate all of Jimi Hendrix 's " Foxy Lady " with that same amp and guitar -- there was no need for a stack of Marshalls .
As a matter of fact , although Hendrix and Cream ( after the Who ) have the dubious reputation of pioneering the Marshall Stack , Hendrix used a variety of amplifiers during his life ( Fenders first apparently ) including Selmers ( used by the Beatles in their early days and by the Animals in " House of the Rising Sun " - - well before Vox grabbed either group ) , and Sunns ( it is an interesting bit of trivia that Sunn amplifiers were founded by the bass player of the band the Kingsmen .
There are also rumors that both Hendrix and Bruce has resistance capacitors added to their guitars to add punch to their sound .
What Hendrix did manage to do was set up the iconography of the Marshall stack .
Folks would see the Marshall stacks of all the big groups , starting with Hendrix and Cream of course .
The Who used American made Vox Super Beatles when they toured the U.S. around the same time , which they apparently hated , but then , the Super Beatle was a solid state amp - - more on this a bit later ) .
Selmer amps : photo courtesy Steve Russell , Vintage Hofner
This led to what I call the Grand Funk Railroad / Aerosmith phenomenon -- mediocre musicians with GREAT equipment .
Basically , what this meant is that in the late 1960's to early 1970's , it was no longer considered sufficient to have beginner equipment to start a group -- one had to have the best stuff .
This lead to many kids getting great equipment , but never developing any musical talent ( except for the lead guitarist ) .
I remember one journalist , whose name I can't recall , remarking that the bass player for Grand Funk Railroad reminded him of that kid up the street who " had all that really nice equipment , but never did learn how to play . "
I think this phenomenon of highly amped , bass heavy equipment lead to a generation of chops - challenged bassists in the 1970's .
I can't think of any other apparent reason that bass players ( especially metal bass players ) started to sound like remedial players at this time , with the exception of folks like Janick Top , Colin Hodgkinson , Rockette Morton , you know , the guys that did n't make any money .
Finally , in my never ending litany of players that had oddball equipment , I should never forget Brian May , who had a guitar made from bits and pieces and a small amp wired by Queen bassist Roger Deacon .
And let us not forget Fred Frith 's famous name brand Ormstron Burns guitar , Mike Rutherford 's Watkins amplifiers and Shergold split guitars
Whatever else one could say about Genesis , one must say their early sound amplification was beautiful -- along with the Mothers of Invention , they figured out that you would get a better sound live if the amplifiers were set to a low level but were all mixed through the public address system ( some groups still have n't figured this out ) .
And let us not forget Dave Davies ' or Link Wray 's slashing of the little green amplifier speaker ( a technique used by many old blues players ) to get the sound on " You Really Got Me " and " Rumble " that generated a legion of imitators .
The first thing you will notice is that companies like Vox , Fender and even Marshall are not included among the sound innovations listed here to any great extent .
That is not because they were not important ( they certainly were and many great recordings were made with this equipment ) .
But the fact is that it did not really matter if Hendrix or Page or the Beatles used amplifier " x " or amplifier " y " -- they still managed to get THE SAME SOUND !
This is a rather bold statement when one realizes that most guitar and amplifier makers market to the consumer based on a distinct sound .
But let 's look at the origins of some of this equipment .
The original Marshall heads used the Fender Bassman head as a model , but used different tubes .
The Mesa Boogie amp took the Fender Princeton as its model .
Vox amps were Class A amps , but so were Selmers .
And when push came to shove , even in the old days , one could get a similar sound by effects pedals or hotrodding techniques , some of which are still in use today .
And many solid state amps could then and do now , get similar sounds to their tube counterparts .
There are only so many directions in which you can go for sound amplification design , and the rest is in the " filters " as I like to call them .
Basically , although tubes and solid state systems do distort differently ( tubes usually accentuate the even harmonics and solid state causes what is called " harsh clipping " ) , the differences usually tend to show up at very loud levels .
Also , there have been several technologies over the years that emulate tube sounds ( field effect transistors come to mind ) that only the most sophisticated listeners can tell the difference .
Finally , you may have an oddball ( like me ) who prefers the brittle feedback of the solid state amplifier to the more " musical " ( low in dissonance ? ) sound of the tube .
There has been mountains of material written on this that is currently available on the internet , but this discussion goes all the way back to the 1970's when solid state equipment was starting to replace tube equipment in the home high fidelity market .
The current discussion on tube versus solid state in the musical instrument market eerily parallels this earlier debate .
The aesthetics that have developed in the past 30 years are really interesting .
There have been many , many specialized " boutique " amplifier manufacturers that have developed that cater to the specialized user – very much like the high end audio market I think – that sell high or low wattage guitar amplifiers for $ 1500 - $ 2500 or more .
This is for a 10 - 15 watt amplifier in some cases .
Back in the 1960's when amplifiers were assessed by power ratings , we would have doubled over in laughter .
$ 1500 for a 15 - watt amplifier ?
You must be kidding .
Look we have a 300 watt Kustom or Accoustic ( the Doors , the Mothers and Traffic used these latter amplifiers ) or a 250 watt Baldwin that does n't cost that much !
Given that more power does not necessarily make a piece of equipment better , the price difference is still astounding .
Back then , hand made amplifiers would typically cost at most , $ 500 .
Many guitarists are just wowed by Jeff Beck 's tone , but they do n't understand that , back in the early days of the Jeff Beck group , he used Rickenbacker and Kustom amplifiers -- both solid state models -- and he sounded incredible .
The interesting thing is , those 300 watters in the 1960's , from my memory , sounded pretty good !
The tube amps always seemed limited or broke down frequently .
I had a 40 - watt tube amp by an obscure company called Lafayette , but I always thought my organ sounded better through a Baldwin or any solid state amplifier .
The clarity was stunning .
And I always liked guitars through clean amplifiers .
Tube distortion never did that much for me .
But again , these are matters of taste , not objective opinion and I am sure that there is some truth to the assertion that tube sounds different from solid state .
But the tone that many guitarists seem to seek is more a matter of the guitarist 's skill than the equipment used .
And nostalgia and the desire to recapture past sounds almost always plays a role .
There were so many obscure brands of equipment through the years that had so much potential , but which fell by the wayside because of the consumers ' interest in emulating the stars .
If you go to the website Combo Organ Heaven you will see literally dozens of combo organs that were never given adequate exposure .
Vox organs and Farfisas were the best known , but the Vox was a remarkably limited instrument sonically , the later plastic keys were stiff ( I cut the side of my hand open playing one once ) and the palette of sounds was pathetic .
The ONLY advantage it had over other combo organs was that you could , if you were Terry Riley , tune the organ to just intonation because there were three oscillators that generated each tone .
I am SURE that many combo organists actually did this .
Farfisas were known for the wide array of voices that tended to sound the same .
Other organs , like Baldwins ( The Music Machine and Blind Faith used these ) , Gibsons ( the Doors and the Mothers of Invention ) , and Panthers ( the Mothers ) along with many other lesser known brands ( Rheem , Teisco Del Ray , Phillips , and many more .
Fender , Yamaha and Ace Tone -- who later became Roland - - produced the best combos , in my opinion ) were left by history 's wayside .
Soon , this mighty pantheon would be brushed aside by the ubiquitous Hammond -- and not just any Hammond , but the monstrous B - 3 , a 2,000 pound marvel that is a direct descendant of the traincar weight Teilharmonium , one of the first electronic instruments .
Certain other organs enjoyed brief forays into rock -- the noble Lowrey can be heard on " 96 Tears , " the Who 's " Baba O'Riley " and " Wo n't Get Fooled Again " , the Beatles " Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds " and pretty much everything Mike Ratledge ever did with Soft Machine -- but the Hammond , weighty monster that it is , ensures jobs for roadies to this day .
I can recall reading in 1976 that Tony Banks was replacing his Hammond with an Oberheim synthesizer .
Although horrified at the time , I have since looked at this as being a wise choice .
The Oberheim could pretty much do a nice Sine Wave ( which is what a Hammond does ) and Tony saved Genesis ' roadies years of back problems .
Hammond also stopped making tone wheel organs in 1974 , thereby ensuring their obsolescence , but also ensuring the immense appeal of these organs and their collectability ( used B - 3 's typically go for at least $ 6,000 and can fetch much , much more ) .
Most tone wheels organs are quite expensive , but the highest prices are reserved for the B - 3 , considered the penultimate rock organ .
Some manufacturers have developed digital B - 3's but these are considered inferior .
About five years ago , Al Kooper reported his return to the Hammond , and the guitarists in his group were thrilled -- they did not like playing over that synthetic crap !
It 's those ears again -- those Princess and the Pea ears !
" Vintage " synthesizers and Mellotrons ( remember , kids these were the earliest sampler kids , using tape loops ? ) are out there now , and all of the electronics are in wood frames .
They are getting phenomenal prices for this old technology ( Mellotrons are going for $ 6,000 - $ 10,000 ) - - not bad for an instrument with tuning problems , that , in its earliest days was intended to displace musicians .
That is gone in the mist of time .
Now , $ 150 instruments can make many of the same sounds that Mellotrons did AND stay in tune .
But I recently read a review in which a musician was criticized on a progressive website for not using an inexpensive mass produced keyboard .
I thought progressives were supposed to embrace new technology .
In the meanwhile , for every Moog , ARP and Oberheim synthesizer maker there was an EML or PAIA , a little company struggling to succeed .
EML's were used on Pere Ubu's early album by Allen Ravenstine to stunning effect -- I never heard another synthesize sound quite this .
ARP 's sounded thin in comparison , and Moogs - - even the Mini - Moog - - were quite expensive in comparison .
Also , if one wants to look at the pre-synthesizer era , there were quite a few fascinating inventions in the 1960's like the Buchla synthesizer ( which used pads as triggers for sound , not keyboards ) , Al Kooper 's ondioline ( the same instrument also heard on the Beatles ' " Baby You 're A Rich Man " ) and Messiaen 's Ondes Martenot ( later used by Radiohead ) , and of course , the Theremin .
The last three were ( and the latter two still are ) heterodyning musical instruments commercially available in the United States , unlike the Trautonium ( a similar instrument ) used by many composers .
Theremins are still being used ( some folks actually do put little theremins in their guitars like Randy Califormia did ) , but these are truly underutilized resources .
They are probably underutilized because the only three times most people have heard a theremin in on " Whole Lotta Love " by Led Zeppelin , " Good Vibrations " by the Beach Boys , and on the theme from the original Star Trek series .
So these remain relatively under explored devices .
Even as late as the 1980's , some really interesting sounds were lost when FM synthesis fell out of fashion , mainly because it was more complicated to program than other forms of additive synthesis , but much more flexible .
Drummers have not had as much of a problem adapting new tools , although over the past 20 years , the desire for a hot sound has meant that many drummers tend to stifle their skills and exploration .
Bass players , from my experience a largely conservative bunch to begin with , usually end up with variations on the Fender Jazz bass , despite the wonderful inroads made by in body peg tunings from companies like Steinberger and Lane Poor to name two .
Active electronics have really boosted the bass signal and made it smoother , but also more annoyingly saccharin , for some reason .
Although some bass players have an edge , some of the problems with bass tone can be traced back to the Jaco humming school of bass playing .
Too much humming ... not enough Jamaaladeen Tacuma .
Yet the most startling thing I have seen lately is the apparent conservatism that seems to exist in the electric guitar community .
I have started reading guitar magazines and some writers in these books have noted it as well .
Guitarists are the penultimate reactionaries of the music community !
They obsess about tone , they want instruments that will give them a tone that will match Stevie Ray Vaughn , Jimi Hendrix , or maybe Eric Clapton .
They obsess about technique – not a bad thing -- but they also seem to obsess about certain types of equipment .
So guitars are all Strat - style or Les Paul style .
Guitar pickups must be a certain type .
Amplifiers have to be tube .
It gets insane after awhile , mainly because it ends up as an insane attempt to replicate the past .
One of the saddest things imaginable is the idea that Hendrix ' legacy is better known by people trying to copy his equipment and tone than by trying to do new things .
Hendrix was an innovator .
Somehow , I can't help but think he would be using everything at his disposal to make music if he were alive today , and not just working with the effects or guitars or amplifiers he already had used in 1968 !
There have been many innovations made in musical technology over the past 40 years .
There could be even more if guitarists ( who are the main people in rock after all ) would be more willing to accept new products like guitar controllers that could trigger multiple sound from a six stringed instrument -- this has already been developed from what I understand , but the concept was floated in the 1970's .
New pickups have been developed and are being developed that replace and improve on the typical standard single coil or humbuckers that have dominated the market for years .
Why does the guitarist need to have technology that was developed 50 years ago ?
Why not go for the newest thing ?
This resistance to new technologies goes back to the 1960 's at least .
There were effects pedals like the Fender Blender that were left by the wayside until folks like Billy Corgan started using them .
The Fender Jaguar and Jazzmaster were very well made guitars that never clicked with the public in the 1960's because they did not have the punch or sustain of other more popular models .
But when the new grunge rockers found them , they became popular again .
You do n't see many Roland Guitar synthesizers or for that matter and it is a rare event to see an ARP Avatar , one of the very first guitar synthesizers -- essentially , ARP put so much money into this device that it drove ARP into bankruptcy , There were experiments in guitar design in the late 1960 's as well .
Dan Armstrong developed the first see through guitar ( in Lucite ) , electric sitars were developed , and someone even developed a headless tuning mechanism ( similar to a Steinberger ) in 1967 .
Yet all of these innovations did not pay off , and guitar players wanted to stick with that same old 20 year old ( now 40 year old ) design .
Do n't get me wrong ; I like the sound of classic rock guitars .
I like tube amplifiers for what they can do -- but it seems to me that , on the other end , these is very little being done with new technology outside of effects pedals .
Also , many of the major manufacturers ( and some smaller ones ) like Fender , Gibson and Ibanez , to name a few , are providing guitarists with new technologies .
But I think , more than this , there has to be a daring acceptance of new ideas .
Hans Reichel , a German free jazz guitarist , has cut the bodies out of his guitars and strung two necks together .
When he plays , it sounds like an instrument without overtone limits -- it rings .
Fred Frith , as we all know , used bicycle clips on his guitar in the mid 1970's .
And many guitarists are n't afraid to try different guitars that have fallen by the wayside ( Sonic Youth anyone , or even Neil Young 's amplification systems ? ) .
The sad part is , if we get hung up on recreating a particular sound or a particular technology , it tends to retard our growth .
Let 's not be conservative musicians anymore , dedicated to preserving or recreating the past .
In the words of Nicholas Slonimsky , let 's try something new .
To end this , I would like to dedicate this article to the memory of the late , great Derek Bailey , the foremost innovator of modern guitar , who left us December 25 , 2005 .
Despite his use of a very limited arsenal of equipment -- he singlehandedly changed the tone of guitar playing with a stunning technique , an Epiphone guitar , and a ton of dedication and integrity .
Before Derek , the only avant garde voice on guitar that most people knew was the late great Sonny Sharrock , who adapted the concepts of energy playing to guitar .
When Bailey emerged ( although he had been employing his unique approach for quite a few years already after playing in dance bands for approximately 20 years ) , he was noted as having a pensive deliberate unshakeable approach to free improvisation .
I can [ remember thinking that 1 ) it sounded totally unlike any kind of improvisation I had heard before and 2 ) it sounded like moving Webern - - an analysis that Bailey agreed with in one interview .
His playing was utterly unique and while some individuals did adapt some of his techniques , the relentless integrity and invention of his technique did not allow for easy imitation .
He leaves an impressive discography , the legacy of 50 records of the Incus label he co-founded , other recordings , and countless collaborations .
But more importantly , he leaves a singular dedication and integrity that to me , ranks him as being among the great musicians of the 20th century and beyond , equal to visionaries like Cecil Taylor , Ornette Coleman , Messiaen , Cage and the other great pioneers of modern music .
He will be missed , but his spirit of innovation lingers on in those who are not afraid to try something different .
Scientists say an Aboriginal rock art depiction of an extinct giant bird could be Australia 's oldest painting .
The red ochre painting , which depicts two emu - like birds with their necks outstretched , could date back to the earliest days of settlement on the continent .
It was rediscovered at the centre of the Arnhem Land plateau about two years ago , but archaeologists first visited the site a fortnight ago .
A palaeontologist has confirmed the animals depicted are the megafauna species Genyornis .
Archaeologist Ben Gunn said the giant birds became extinct more than 40,000 years ago .
" The details on this painting indicate that it was done by someone who knew that animal very well , " he said .
He says the detail could not have been passed down through oral storytelling .
" If it is a Genyornis , and it certainly does have all the features of one , it would be the oldest dated visual painting that we 've got in Australia , " he said .
" Either the painting is 40,000 years old , which is when science thinks Genyornis disappeared , or alternatively the Genyornis lived a lot longer than science has been able to establish . "
Mr Gunn says there are paintings of other extinct animals right across the area including the thylacine , or tasmanian tiger , the giant echidna and giant kangaroo .
" It does give you a window back to a time that you can pinpoint , and in the case of the Genyornis it 's a very long picture , " he said .
The traditional owners of the land in the Northern Territory say they are excited the painting could be Australia 's oldest dated rock art .
The Jawoyn Association 's Wes Miller says the painting is one of thousands rediscovered across Arnhem Land in recent years .
" It verifies that the Jawoyn people were living in this country for a very , very long time , " he said .
" People say it , but once again this is clearly a demonstration of how long Jawoyn people have been in this country and other Indigenous groups .
It 's great from that point of view .
It 's pretty exciting stuff . "
Nine drivers have been handed time penalties after the European Grand Prix .
All the drivers investigated for the speed behind the safety car received five - second penalties : Jenson Button , Nico H?�??lkenberg , Rubens Barrichello , Robert Kubica , Vitaly Petrov , Adrian Sutil , Vitantonio Liuzzi , Sebastien Buemi and Pedro de la Rosa .
Timo Glock also got a 20 second penalty for ignoring blue flags .
The penalties promote Fernando Alonso ahead of Buemi and Nico Rosberg claims the final point instead of Pedro de la Rosa .
Update : the stewards explained the punishments as follows :
The Stewards received a report from the Race Director regarding [ the cars ] failing to stay above the minimum time set by the FIA ECU when the Safety Car was deployed , The Stewards met with the [ drivers and team representatives ] , considered the evidence and decided that this was a breach of Article 40.7 of the 2010 Formula One Sporting Regulations .
Article 40.7 of the sporting regulations says :
All competing cars must then reduce speed and form up in line behind the safety car no more than ten car lengths apart .
In order to ensure that drivers reduce speed sufficiently , from the time at which the ?���?
�SAFETY CAR DEPLOYED ?���?� message is shown on the timing monitors until the time that each car crosses the first safety car line for the first time , drivers must stay above the minimum time set by the FIA ECU .
Nico Rosberg escaped a penalty for a similar infringement in the Japanese Grand Prix last year when the stewards decided he had not been able to see the target lap time .
Here is the revised finishing order of the race :
Pos. # Driver Team 1 5 Sebastian Vettel Red Bull 2 2 Lewis Hamilton McLaren 3 1 Jenson Button McLaren 4 9 Rubens Barrichello Williams 5 11 Robert Kubica Renault 6 14 Adrian Sutil Force India 7 23 Kamui Kobayashi Sauber 8 8 Fernando Alonso Ferrari 9 16 Sebastien Buemi Toro Rosso 10 4 Nico Rosberg Mercedes 11 7 Felipe Massa Ferrari 12 22 Pedro de la Rosa Sauber 13 17 Jaime Alguersuari Toro Rosso 14 12 Vitaly Petrov Renault 15 3 Michael Schumacher Mercedes 16 15 Vitantonio Liuzzi Force India 17 25 Lucas di Grassi Virgin 18 24 Timo Glock Virgin 19 20 Karun Chandhok HRT 20 21 Bruno Senna HRT 21 18 Jarno Trulli Lotus
2010 European Grand Prix
One of the deactivation groups .
Facebook groups have launched a successful campaign to ban what they call " enemies " from the social network by reporting them to the site 's administrators .
Their main targets are human rights advocates , atheists , and those accused of being " anti-Islam " or simply " too liberal " .
Lists of targets are compiled on Facebook itself , in groups like " Pesticide " and " The cleansing bureau " .
Hundreds of Facebook users are on the lists - especially if they 're gay or women who refuse to wear the veil .
The group administrator asks members to alert the Facebook admin to the targets ' accounts by signalling them as " fake profiles " .
And it 's working .
Hundreds of users , most of them from Tunisia but also elsewhere , have seen their accounts disappear .
That 's because if a large enough number of people signal a profile , then it is deleted automatically , without human verification .
Facebook , which is currently facing huge criticism for privacy issues , confirmed that the automatic system was in place , after an employee of the American company tested it .
I ’ve just finished playing with Robert Luo ’s clj - cassandra for today and it ’s time to recap what ’s happened so far .
First of all simply downloading clj - cassandra and running lein jar did n’t do it for me , too many missing dependencies , I ended up downloading the jar from Clojars .
Somehow I managed to get all necessary dependencies down to be able to actually run my testing environment , I took cassandra - 0.6.1. jar from the Cassandra bin download .
The UUID jar can be gotten from here .
Anyway , my repl.sh looks like this :
java - cp .:lib/commons-collections-3.2.1.jar:lib/commons-pool-1.5.4.jar:lib/jline-0.9.94.jar:lib/slf4j-log4j12-1.5.8.jar:lib/slf4j-api-1.5.8.jar:lib/log4j-1.2.14.jar:lib/libthrift-r917130.jar:lib/clojure-1.1.0.jar:lib/clojure-contrib-1.1.0.jar:lib/apache-cassandra-0.6.1.jar:lib/cassandra-javautils.jar:lib/clhm-production.jar:lib/high-scale-lib.jar:lib/clj-cassandra-0.1.1.jar:lib/uuid-3.2.jar:classes jline.ConsoleRunner clojure.lang .
Repl
As you can see the how to on clj - cassandra ’s Github page is pretty spartan .
Let ’s flesh it out but first you might want to read WTF is a SuperColumn and Up and running with Cassandra .
In this short tutorial we ’re going to go for a simplified version of the blog post tags in Arin ’s tutorial , but using articles and feeds instead since I ’m heavily into feed reading at the moment 🙂
So we will have three tables ( CFs ) of feeds , articles and links between articles and feeds .
If an article could ’ve been uniquely linked to a single feed we could ’ve used super columns just like in Arin ’s tutorial .
Instead of comments to a blog post we would ’ve mapped articles to a feed .
However that ’s not the case as many feeds are simply aggregations of articles who really belong to other feeds and that does n’t account for Twitter where many tweets show up in many different feeds .
Therefore some kind of normalization ( link table ) is required if we are to avoid drowning in duplicate data .
For this example I ’ve added the following to the default Keyspace1 in storage - conf.xml :
< ColumnFamily CompareWith= " BytesType " Name= " Feeds " /> < ColumnFamily CompareWith= " BytesType " Name= " Articles " /> < ColumnFamily CompareWith= " TimeUUIDType " Name= " ArFeLinks " />
As you can see we ’re sorting by TimeUUID when it comes to the links between articles and feeds , more on that later .
Let ’s start walking the code , from top to bottom :
( ns cassandra - test ( :use cassandra.client ) ( : import [ java.util UUID ] [ com.eaio.uuid.UUID ] [ cassandra TimeUUID ] ) ) ( defn mk - table [ tbl ] ( -> ( mk - client " localhost " 9160 ) ( key - space " Keyspace1 " ) ( column - family tbl ) ) )
Note the time stuff , we will be using some of the functionality directly , that ’s why we need to import it .
As a guy who works with PHP for a living I find the -> macro to be ironic , no further comments on the above listing 🙂
( def articles - tbl ( mk - table " Articles " ) ) ( def arfelinks - tbl ( mk- table " ArFeLinks " ) ) ( def feeds - tbl ( mk - table " Feeds " ) ) ( dotimes [ i 100 ] ( set - attrs ! feeds - tbl ( str " www.feed " i " .com / feed " ) ( hash - map : title ( str " Feed " i ) :xmlurl ( str " http://www.feed " i " .com / feed " ) ) ) ) ( dotimes [ i 100 ] ( set-attrs ! articles - tbl ( str " www.somedomain.com/article " i ) ( hash - map : title ( str " Article " i ) :htmlurl ( str " www.somedomain.com/article " i ) ) ) )
So we add 100 articles and feeds , for simplicity ’s sake I ’ve limited the amount of attributes each article has to simply : title and : htmlurl where the htmlurl is also the key .
Note the use of dotimes , as a Clojure noob I was tempted to use for to begin with before I realized it ’s just a list comprehension .
Let ’s start linking ( I just realized I could ’ve used add - collection ! instead of the below , oh well … ) :
( dotimes [ i 4 ] ( set - attr ! arfelinks - tbl " www.feed1.com/feed " ( TimeUUID/getTimeUUID ) ( str " www.somedomain.com/article " i ) ) )
So we ’re creating a few links between feed 1 and some of the articles , note the UUID stuff for generating keys , these ids can later be used in a GUI for instance so that we can go in and fetch exactly the information we need without doing any scans .
But for now they simply serve to order our stuff by date so we do n’t have to work so much when we want a list of the 20 newest articles belonging to feed X .
Now we are ready to do a query :
( println ( get - keys - attrs articles - tbl ( map last ( get- collection arfelinks - tbl " www.feed1.com/feed " ) ) [ : title ] ) )
So get - collection will fetch the { “ uuid ” : “ article html url ” } columns which we then use as input to get - keys - attrs .
This is where you would join in an rdbms or submit some kind of map reduce job to a system that supports it .
However AFAIK Cassandra is n’t doing map reduce yet so we have to submit two requests to get the the information that we need ( the titles of the articles ) .
First to get the article keys / urls and then get the articles themselves with the help of the keys .
As you can see going in the opposite direction i.e. fetching all feeds to which an article belongs to would be much more of a chore .
That ’s because we ’ve planned it that way , this need for careful planning is one of many drawbacks compared to an rdbms .
That key - value stores is not a silver bullet has become clear as daylight during the past couple of weeks , it ’s good to know them though and how they work in order to be able to apply them where they are a good fit .
Related Posts
Boyd makes Super - Two arbitration cutoff
Matthew Boyd spent an entire season in the Majors for the first time this year after spending parts of the previous three seasons in the big leagues , including four trips back and forth between Detroit and Toledo in 2016 and a one - day stint as the 26th player …
As a presidential candidate , distancing himself from his party was the politically astute move .
But now that he ’s facing a daunting primary challenge from the right , Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) is working to shed a label he once vigorously embraced .
“ I never considered myself a maverick , ” he told Newsweek ’s David Margolick in interview to be published in next week ’s issue .
“ I consider myself a person who serves the people of Arizona to the best of his abilities . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
McCain earned a reputation in the media as a maverick earlier in his career for breaking with his party on issues such as tax cuts for the wealthy and campaign finance reform .
And he deemed it his path to victory in 2008 , persistently painting himself as such in campaign speeches , rallies and ads .
In one 30 - second spot that fall , he characterized the McCain - Palin ticket as a team of “ original mavericks ” fighting for “ real change , ” touting examples of the two rebuffing their party ’s conventional wisdom and criticizing its leaders .
After a gracious concession speech on election day in which he pledged to work with President - elect Obama to bridge partisan divides , McCain soon proceeded to outspokenly — and at times furiously — criticize his rival ’s legislative initiatives .
The reason was simple : his primary opponent this year — former Republican congressman J.D. Hayworth ( R - AZ ) — is a favorite of the GOP ’s core right - wing base , which has long distrusted McCain for his past lack of allegiance to the party .
Responding to the biggest threat yet to his quarter - century long Senate career , McCain has tacked considerably rightward on a host of issues in the last year , including climate change , gays in the military and his support for the 2008 bank bailout .
ADVERTISEMENT
His shift in posturing and recent spate of anger toward the Obama and Democrats has helped him open up a fairly comfortable , 15 - point lead against Hayworth in a recent poll , after the two were neck and neck late last year .
McCain has also received assists from his former vice presidential pick Sarah Palin and recently - minted Sen. Scott Brown ( R - MA ) , both of whom carry notable clout with the GOP ’s conservative base , holding separate campaign rallies with the two in recent weeks .
Making life more awkward for the Arizona senator was the fact that Palin , who in 2008 characterized their ticket as “ a team of mavericks , ” used the label several times again to describe him at their dually - held rally late last month .
ADVERTISEMENT
The following is McCain ’s “ Original Mavericks ” ad from 2008 , uploaded to YouTube .
“ I never considered myself a maverick , ” he told me .
“ I consider myself a person who serves the people of Arizona to the best of his abilities . ”
Those funny Teabaggers are such good role models .
Foreclosure is n’t normally what one would considers to be a conservative value but the times they are a changin’ .
Republican U.S. Senate candidate Marco Rubio and another Miami politician are facing foreclosure on a Tallahassee home they co-own for failing to make mortgage payments since January , Leon County court records show .
The Deutsche Bank National Trust Company initiated foreclosure proceedings on the home owned by Rubio and state Rep. David Rivera , who is running for Congress .
Rubio , a former state House speaker , and Rivera lived in the home when they were in Tallahassee for legislative sessions and other business .
Rivera is running for the U.S. District 25 seat , which spans eastern Collier , western Miami - Dade and mainland Monroe counties .
Nancy Folbre is an economics professor at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
It ’s not that all middle - class jobs have gone missing .
It ’s just that their growth is sagging compared with that of other jobs .
No giant sucking sound , just the gentle hissing of an inner tube losing air , threatening a flat tire that could send the American dream machine off the road .
United States Census 1980 , 1990 and 2000 ; American Community Survey , 2008 .
The chart above captures the takeaway point of David Autor ’s new report , “ The Polarization of Job Opportunities in the U.S. Labor Market , ” published by the Center for American Progress and the Hamilton Project .
Professor Autor ranks occupations by mean wages ( using these as a proxy for skill ) .
Between 1999 and 2007 , growth took place primarily at the low end .
Between 1979 and 1989 , the share of high - wage jobs grew fastest .
Between 1989 and 1999 , the share of low - wage jobs began to grow , but high - wage jobs continued to expand .
Between 1999 and 2007 , growth took place primarily at the low end .
The cumulative effect is polarization and increased inequality , intensified by job losses during the recent recession that also hit the middle - wage group particularly hard .
Professor Autor , an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , argues that a similar trend is unfolding in other industrialized countries , driven by a combination of technological change and international trade .
Economists do n’t all agree on the past or future trajectory of middle - wage jobs .
Stephen Rose has observed that trends look more positive for women than for men .
Harry Holzer and Robert Lerman emphasize that middle - skill jobs ( defined as those that require more training than a high - school degree but less than a college degree ) still play an important role in the labor force .
They worry that a doomsday scenario could discourage efforts to improve training opportunities for such jobs .
The policy debate that Professor Autor hopes to encourage would focus on efforts to both increase skills and improve job - market opportunities .
What interests me is the divide between those who believe increased education and training can solve the problem , and those , like Professor Autor , who worry that those measures alone might not be enough .
The fact that middle - wage jobs , rather than low - wage jobs , are declining suggests it is not the overall level of skill but the specific type of skill that matters .
In fact , skill itself may be less important than other characteristics of a task , such as how easily it can be automated or outsourced at some point in the future .
Alan Blinder of Princeton observes that some jobs are simply more outsourceable than others because they do n’t require physical proximity or person - specific skills .
The combination of rapid technological change and increased global trade in services has effectively devalued skills that many individuals spent considerable time and effort to acquire .
Consider , for instance , the possible extinction of travel agents and the gloomy job prospects facing journalists .
The expansion of online education sites replete with videotaped lectures by superstar professors will almost certainly reduce demand for a skill I labored to develop for many years — lecturing to large classes of economics majors .
Economists at the Bureau of Labor Statistics have developed an index of occupational susceptibility to offshoring .
Almost every computer and mathematical science occupation is high on the list .
We constantly exhort young people to invest in their human capital .
But investments in human capital , like those in real estate , do n’t always yield a reliably high market rate of return .
Middle - class culture in the United States rests on the precepts of human capitalism — invest in your own skills and those of your children , and the market will reward you .
These precepts now seem shakier than they have in the past .
No wonder middle - class spirits , as well as incomes , are sagging .
I was in the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office for over 20 years and a member of its senior management structure for six years , I served in five countries and took part in 13 formal international negotiations , including the UN Convention of the Law of the Sea and a whole series of maritime boundary treaties .
I headed the FCO section of a multidepartmental organisation monitoring the arms embargo on Iraq .
I am an instinctively friendly , open but unassuming person who always found it easy to get on with people , I think because I make fun of myself a lot .
I have in consequence a great many friends among ex-colleagues in both British and foregin diplomatic services , security services and militaries .
I lost very few friends when I left the FCO over torture and rendition .
In fact I seemed to gain several degrees of warmth with a great many acquantances still on the inside .
And I have become known as a reliable outlet for grumbles , who as an ex-insider knows how to handle a discreet and unintercepted conversation .
What I was being told last night was very interesting indeed .
NATO HQ in Brussels is today a very unhappy place .
There is a strong understanding among the various national militaries that an attack by Israel on a NATO member flagged ship in international waters is an event to which NATO is obliged – legally obliged , as a matter of treaty – to react .
I must be plain – nobody wants or expects military action against Israel .
But there is an uneasy recognition that in theory that ought to be on the table , and that NATO is obliged to do something robust to defend Turkey .
Mutual military support of each other is the entire raison d’etre of NATO .
You must also remember that to the NATO military the freedom of the high seas guaranteed by the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea is a vital alliance interest which officers have been conditioned to uphold their whole career .
That is why Turkey was extremely shrewd in reacting immediately to the Israeli attack by calling an emergency NATO meeting .
It is why , after the appalling US reaction to the attack with its refusal to name Israel , President Obama has now made a point of phoning President Erdogan to condole .
But the unhappiness in NATO HQ runs much deeper than that , I spoke separately to two friends there , from two different nations .
One of them said NATO HQ was “ a very unhappy place ” .
The other described the situation as “ Tense – much more strained than at the invasion of Iraq ” .
Why ?
There is a tendency of outsiders to regard the senior workings of governments and international organisations as monolithic .
In fact there are plenty of highly intelligent – and competitive – people and diverse interests involved .
There are already deep misgivings , especially amongst the military , over the Afghan mission .
There is no sign of a diminution in Afghan resistance attacks and no evidence of a clear gameplan .
The military are not stupid and they can see that the Karzai government is deeply corrupt and the Afghan “ national ” army comprised almost exclusively of tribal enemies of the Pashtuns .
You might be surprised by just how high in Nato scepticism runs at the line that in some way occupying Afghanistan helps protect the west , as opposed to stoking dangerous Islamic anger worldwide .
So this is what is causing frost and stress inside NATO .
The organisation is tied up in a massive , expensive and ill - defined mission in Afghanistan that many whisper is counter - productive in terms of the alliance aim of mutual defence .
Every European military is facing financial problems as a public deficit financing crisis sweeps the continent .
The only glue holding the Afghan mission together is loyalty to and support for the United States .
But what kind of mutual support organisation is NATO when members must make decades long commitments , at huge expense and some loss of life , to support the Unted States , but can not make even a gesture to support Turkey when Turkey is attacked by a non-member ?
Even the Eastern Europeans have not been backing the US line on the Israeli attack .
The atmosphere in NATO on the issue has been very much the US against the rest , with the US attitude inside NATO described to me by a senior NATO officer as “ amazingly arrogant – they do n’t seem to think it matters what anybody else thinks ” .
Therefore what is troubling the hearts and souls of non-Americans in NATO HQ is this fundamental question .
Is NATO genuinely a mutual defence organisation , or is it just an instrument to carry out US foreign policy ?
With its unthinking defence of Israel and military occupation of Afghanistan , is US foreign policy really defending Europe , or is it making the World less safe by causing Islamic militancy ?
I leave the last word to one of the senior NATO officers – who incidentally is not British :
“ Nobody but the Americans doubts the US position on the Gaza attack is wrong and insensitve .
But everyone already quietly thought the same about wider American policy .
This incident has allowed people to start saying that now privately to each other . ”
Craig Murray is a former British Ambassador .
He is also a former Head of the Maritime Section of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office .
He negotiated the UK ’s current maritime boundaries with Ireland , Denmark ( Faeroes ) , Belgium and France , and boundaries of the Channel Islands , Turks and Caicos and British Virgin Islands .
He was alternate Head of the UK Delegation to the UN Preparatory Commission on the Law of the Sea .
He was Head of the FCO Section of the Embargo Surveillance Centre , enforcing sanctions on Iraq , and directly responsible for clearance of Royal Navy boarding operations in the Persian Gulf .
Reviews of Craig Murray ’s War on Terror Memoir , “ Murder in Samarkand ” – published in the US as “ Dirty Diplomacy ” :
“ It really is a magnificent achievement ” – Noam Chomsky
“ A fearless book by a fearless man .
Craig Murray tells the truth whether the “ authorities ” like it or not .
I salute a man of integrity ” – Harold Pinter
American Machiavellianism : How and Why it Works and How it Can be Made to Stop Working
In a five - part series in Dissident Voice , I hope to throw light on the real workings of American plutocracy .
Because conspiracies are central to any understanding of how and why this plutocracy works , the first article joins the camp of those who argue that America ’s real rulers often resort to secret criminal plots and undertakings .
The second article exploits the manufactured Obama ’s birthplace controversy in an effort to gain insights into the inner workings of the American political system .
A third article provides conclusive evidence that America ’s real rulers routinely utilize intimidations and assassinations of people , foreign or domestic , who pose meaningful threats to their power .
A fourth article examines the constellation of factors which enables these rulers to retain and enhance their wealth and power .
These four articles set the groundwork for the fifth and most important article , which explores strategies for replacing the current system with a more free , just , and sustainable one .
Conspiracy Theories
“ If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles . ”
— Sun Tzu ( 6th century B.C. ? )
One basic contention of this series is that conspiracies play a key role in history .
This contention , I shall argue , is not a conjecture , or a premise , or a possibility .
It is , rather , a fact , of the same general type as the assertion : “ No woman has ever been a president of the USA . ”
Suppose you owned Goldman Sachs or J. P. Morgan , that you conspired daily with others of your kind to enrich and empower yourself at the expense of many unsuspecting souls , and that you were sick and tired of having to fend off your victims .
Actual events taught you long ago that it could be irksome , risky , and counterproductive to deny your scams and wrongdoings one at a time :
A trusted fellow plotter might turn against you , as the one - of - a- kind General Smedley Butler did with your fellow - bankers Prescott Bush and J. P. Morgan , thus forcing them to abort their fascist coup d’etat and placing them in a rather tight spot .
One of your underlings might betray you on his deathbed , as CIA Operator E. Howard Hunt did , clearly and unequivocally implicating another underling , Vice - President Lyndon Johnson , in the murder of President Kennedy .
An investigation of one of your conspiracies might , despite the odds , reach a jury trial in which the victim ’s family and brothers - in - arms win ( as happened after you killed Dr. Martin Luther King ) , thus forcing you and accomplices to suppress a verdict of conspiracy by the American judicial system itself ( see below for more details ) .
Your defense against such untoward occurrences has been truly ingenious .
Instead of dismissing a constant stream of rational analyses and empirical data of your machinations , you schemed to use your government , media , and virtual textbook monopoly to convince us that conspiracies fall into the same category as a green - cheesed moon — they do not exist .
Hence , it is not merely factually incorrect but also illogical to accuse you of clandestinely plotting in early June 2010 to keep the Dow Jones Industrial Average above 10,000 and the price of an ounce of silver below $ 20 .
One result : well - researched , often incontestable charges of enormous crimes can be summarily dismissed by invoking the all - inclusive “ it ’s just another crazy conspiracy theory . ”
A second result : confusion , helplessness , and divisiveness among your enemies .
With a bit of reflection , open - minded people should be able to escape this mind trap .
Such people merely need to read just one honest historical treatise , chosen at random , to convince themselves that conspiracies are the very stuff of history .
Alternatively , they can verify any of these examples :
The two recognized founders of western historical scholarship , Herodotus and Thucydides , whose books often exceed contemporary standards of scholarship , truthfulness , and elegance , took conspiracies for granted and described any number of them .
Are the events they describe pure inventions ?
Many of us had the pleasure of reading Shakespeare ’s Julius Caesar in high school .
Think about it : Did n’t Brutus , Cassius , and their fellow oligarchs secretly plot to kill Caesar ?
Does Shakespeare and the historians whose writings informed his play strike you as silly “ conspiracy theorists ? ”
Did n’t a few filthy rich Romans conspire to kill the Gracchi Brothers , because said brothers were hell - bent on agrarian reforms ?
What about America ’s founding fathers :
Were n’t the events leading to the Declaration of Independence a large - scale conspiracy of well - to - do British citizens against their king ?
Did n’t the Anaconda Copper Company and ITT direct their minions Nixon , Kissinger , and Pinochet to plot against President Allende of Chile ?
If not a conspiracy , what else removed Allende from office and helped maximize the profits margins of Anaconda ?
Was n’t one likely outcome of this coup an elevation in the price of Anaconda ’s stocks ?
Is n’t it probable that some participants bought those stocks before the murder ?
Should we dismiss such views because they invoke secret cabals ?
And how about Mossadeq of Iran ?
The CIA operator in that oil - cursed land tells us the full details of that particular conspiracy , including its exact cost ( real cheap , considering the prize : $ 100,000 ) .
If we exclude Jesus Christ and , in some states , George Washington , the United States calendar celebrates the single lives of just two other individuals — Christopher Columbus and Martin Luther King .
Our schools and media portray King as a mere champion of civil rights and non-violence , and he is so remembered by the vast majority of Americans ( according to a survey of hundreds of American college students I personally carried out ) .
But MLK stepped outside his proscribed role as a civil rights leader .
Do you think the bankers and generals would have welcomed his planned “ Poor People ’s Campaign ” or his view that the “ United States is the worst purveyor of violence in the world ? ”
The book Act of State : The Execution of Martin Luther King , written by a close associate , makes the threat King posed clear : “ Martin Luther King Jr was the most powerful and eloquent champion of the poor and oppressed in US history , and at the height of his fame in the mid-sixties seemed to offer the real possibility of a new and radical beginning for liberal politics in the USA .
In 1968 , he was assassinated ; the movement for social and economic change has never recovered . ”
But the story gets even more outlandish : “ At a civil trial in 1999 , supported by the King family , seventy witnesses under oath set out the details of the conspiracy … the jury took just one hour to find that Ray was not responsible for the assassination , that a wide - ranging conspiracy existed , and that government agents were involved . ”
So , there you have it : not only legal proof that elements within our government murder , but that they conspire to commit murder .
( It goes without saying that they also conspired to give the silent treatment to this truly sensational verdict . )
How can anyone familiar with this trial dismiss assertions of other heinous government misdeeds merely because conspiracies are impossible ?
Under normal circumstances , government conspiracies are kept well - hidden from the world ’s people .
But now and then the truth comes up for air .
Thus , official investigators of J. F. Kennedy ’s death were forced to reveal specific details of an earlier conspiratorial plan .
According to Wikipedia : “ Operation Northwoods was a false - flag plan that originated within the United States government in 1962 .
The plan called for Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) or other operatives to commit genuine acts of terrorism in U.S. cities and elsewhere .
These acts of terrorism were to be blamed on Cuba in order to create public support for a war against that nation , which had recently become communist under Fidel Castro . ”
The proposal , originating from the Joint Chiefs of Staff , was forwarded by the Chairman of that august body to the Defense Department , which approved it and sent it to the State Department , which approved it and forwarded it to President Kennedy , who rejected it , fired the chair of the Joint Chiefs , and was murdered a short time later .
Specifically , the operation “ included proposals for hijackings and bombings followed by the introduction of phony evidence that would implicate the Cuban government . ”
Here are some juicy quotations from the Joint Chiefs ( ah , what a lost goldmine for late satirist George Carlin ) : “ We [ the generals and the CIA ] could blow up a US ship in Guantanamo Bay and blame Cuba . ”
“ We could develop a Communist Cuban terror campaign in the Miami area , in other Florida cities and even in Washington .
The terror campaign could be pointed at refugees seeking haven in the United States .
We could sink a boatload of Cubans en route to Florida ( real or simulated ) .
We could foster attempts on lives of Cuban refugees in the United States even to the extent of wounding in instances to be widely publicized .
Exploding a few plastic bombs in carefully chosen spots , the arrest of Cuban agents and the release of prepared documents substantiating Cuban involvement , also would be helpful in projecting the idea of an irresponsible government . ”
“ It is possible to create an incident which will demonstrate convincingly that a Cuban aircraft has attacked and shot down a chartered civil airliner en route from the United States to Jamaica , Guatemala , Panama or Venezuela .
The destination would be chosen only to cause the flight plan route to cross Cuba .
The passengers could be a group of college students off on a holiday . ”
Let me conclude this short list with a quote from Adam Smith , one of the bankers ’ favorite scholars : “ People of the same trade seldom meet together , even for merriment and diversion , but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public , or in some contrivance to raise prices . ”
The success of the plutocrats in convincing us to jeer at Adam Smith ’s commonsense observation does not speak well for our rationality or for our ability to think for ourselves .
Nor does this success speak well for progressive scholars and websites that uncritically accept the plutocrats ’ absurd wholesale rejection of conspiracies .
That such a pronounced feature of humanity ’s historical record must be defended at all is yet another striking testimony to the power of our real rulers over our minds and to our own breathtaking indoctrinability .
One does not know whether to laugh or cry when one is mocked for being a “ conspiracy theorist , ” even in cases where there is overwhelming evidence of a secret , sinister , plotting by a powerful cabal .
Conspiracy is a constant , recurrent , feature of human behavior , as common in history as bankers are on Wall Street .
Sometimes we conspire for the general good and sometimes against it , but conspire we do .
Look at your own private life :
Have n’t you conspired on occasion ?
So , without further ado , I shall take the reality of conspiracies for granted .
There are no shortcuts to the truth :
Only a laborious rational analysis of facts and circumstances can cast light on the probability of any given conspiratorial claim .
Compulsory Voting : The Solution To All Of America ’s Ills ?
Doug Mataconis · · 18 comments
There ’s a proposal floating out there from a Brookings Institution scholar that suggests we consider making it mandatory for every American citizen to vote in every election :
William Galston thinks the key to less polarization in the electorate is compulsory voting .
It ’s the disaffected , the angry , who vote .
The Howard Beales of the world .
If everyone — including those in the less intense middle — voted , you would get fewer ideologues in office .
The Brookings Institution scholar is among those who are dismayed at the turnout in this country .
Those in the wide middle of the spectrum are the ones who abstain from voting , and Galston thinks that ’s not good .
Get more people in the process by making it easier to vote through things like liberalized absentee voting .
It ’s good for democracy , he says .
But there ’s a catch to compulsory voting .
You do n’t vote , you pay a fine .
He is encouraged by the Australian system that that imposes a penalty — anywhere from $ 20 to $ 70 — on those who do n’t vote .
In the study , Galston argues that bringing what he calls “ less ideologically committed ” voters to the polls would benefit the nation as a whole :
Near - universal voting raises the possibility that a bulge of casual voters , with little understanding of the issues and candidates , can muddy the waters by voting on non-substantive criteria , such as the order in which candidates ’ names appear on the ballot .
The inevitable presence of some such “ donkey voters , ” as they are called in Australia , does not appear to have badly marred the democratic process in that country .
Indeed , the civic benefits of higher turnouts appear to outweigh the “ donkey ” effect .
Candidates for the Australian Parliament have gained an added incentive to appeal broadly beyond their partisan bases .
One wonders whether members of Congress here in the United States , if subjected to wider suffrage , might also spend less time transfixed by symbolic issues that are primarily objects of partisan fascination , and more time coming to terms with the nation ’s larger needs .
At least campaigns continually tossing red meat to the party faithful might become a little less pervasive .
Honestly , I think Galston is being far too optimistic about the positive benefits of forcing people who do n’t want to participate on Election Day to get to the polls or pay a fine .
For the most part , the non-voting population is made up of two broadly defined groups ; the people who are n’t paying attention to the news and politics and do n’t care about the election results , and the people who affirmatively choose not to participate in the election either for philosophical reasons , or because they do n’t want to vote for any of the candidates on the ballot .
As to the first group , I ’m not at all certain how the nation as a whole will benefit by giving electoral power to people who choose not to exercise it and do n’t bother to educate themselves about the issues involved .
As to the second , forcing someone to cast a ballot when they affirmatively choose not to , or to cast a vote for someone they do n’t want to vote for would seem to me to be a fairly clear violation of the First Amendment .
Even adopting the Australian practice of allowing voters to cast a blank ballot seems insufficient , especially considering that Australia does not have the same Constitutional protections of free speech that we have in the United States .
Galston seems to think that forcing every American citizen to vote will somehow create a political consensus that will allow us to find solutions to the fiscal and structural problems that exist in Washington .
Like most utopian solutions , though , it ’s likely to create more problems than it solves .
H/T : Jason Pye
( Newser ) – When John R. Barry ’s sister started a blog for her baby , friends and family looked at him accusingly .
“ My son has been alive for about 9 months , and I never started a blog in his honor .
It never occurred to me , ” he writes on Salon .
It made him wonder : Does his baby really need a blog ?
After all , Barry did keep a private diary of his child for a while — and “ immediately ran out of things to write about . ”
His teeth appeared to great fanfare , but soon “ stopped being a big deal . ”
He started saying “ dada , ” but Barry quickly realized that does n’t actually mean anything .
He makes cute baby noises , but “ he certainly was n’t the first to come up with that . ”
He took his first steps , then went back to crawling .
“ This is n’t progress I can catch on Flickr , ” Barry writes .
Sure , “ he 's a fun guy to be around . ”
But “ really , what more is there to say ? ”
( Read more baby stories . )
Lawyers suing Google claimed Thursday they have discovered evidence in a patent application that Google deliberately programmed its Street View cars to collect private data from open Wi -Fi networks , despite claims to the contrary .
Advertisement
" At this point , it is our belief that it is not an accident , " said Brooks Cooper , an Oregon attorney suing Google in one of several class actions lawsuits around the country arising from Google 's disclosure that its Street View cars intercepted Wi -Fi traffic around the world .
Google has described the sniffing as a coding error .
The evidence , the relevance of which Google disputed Thursday , is a 2008 Google patent application ( .pdf ) describing a method to increase the accuracy of location - based services - services that would allow advertisers or others to know almost the exact location of a mobile phone or other computing device .
The patent application involves intercepting data and analyzing the timing of transmission as part of the method for pinpointing user locations .
Advertisement
The so - called " 776 ″ patent application , published by U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in January , describes " one or more of the methods " by which Google collects information for its Street View program , Cooper 's legal team said in court documents filed late Wednesday in federal court in Oregon .
Google spokeswoman Christine Chen said in an e-mail that the patent in question " is entirely unrelated to the software code used to collect Wi -Fi information with Street View cars . "
In a follow up e-mail , Chen added that Google files " patent applications on a variety of ideas that our engineers come up with .
Some of them mature into real products or services , and some of them do n't . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Chen did not immediately respond to an e-mail asking whether Google has performed the " 776 ″ method in practice .
Whether Google willfully sniffed out internet traffic on unsecured Wi -Fi hotspots in dozens of countries is an enormous public relations headache .
It also carries huge legal and monetary ramifications in the United States , where the Mountain View , California , internet giant is being sued for privacy violations in multiple federal courthouses .
Advertisement
Among other reasons , Google might escape liability if it accidentally collected and never divulged the data , which includes web pages users visited or pieces of e-mail , video , audio and document files .
Google must turn over the U.S. data it siphoned to a federal judge in Oregon by Friday .
The data will remain under lock and key .
Advertisement
Street View is part of Google Maps and Google Earth , and provides panoramic pictures of streets and their surroundings across the globe .
The internet giant has maintained the collection of data was inadvertent –- the result of a programming error with code written for an early experimental project that wound up on the Street View code .
Google said it did n't realize it was sniffing packets of data on unsecured Wi -Fi networks in dozens of countries for the last three years , until German privacy authorities began questioning what data Google 's Street View cameras were collecting .
Advertisement
Photo : Byrion / Flickr
Advertisement
Wired.com has been expanding the hive mind with technology , science and geek culture news since 1995 .
Image caption Iain Coucher announced his resignation earlier this month
Network Rail has been criticised for paying senior management a total of £ 2.4 m in bonuses last year , despite a warning from the rail regulator .
Transport Secretary Philip Hammond said he was " very disappointed " , and called for a " far - reaching " review of pay .
Outgoing chief executive Iain Coucher received a £ 641,000 bonus on top of his £ 613,000 salary .
The rail regulator had warned the government - subsidised infrastructure company about management pay .
Earlier this year , the Office of Rail Regulation ( ORR ) demanded " clear evidence " to justify any bonuses paid to company bosses .
Network Rail chairman Rick Haythornthwaite , defended the payouts , saying the bonuses were " only rewards for success " .
" This is measured against what matters most to passengers - a better railway with more trains on time , " he explained .
( Story continues below )
Asking questions
Transport Secretary Philip Hammond , backed by Prime Minister David Cameron , said the decision was inappropriate in the current times .
" Network Rail is of course a private company , " he said .
" But one that is dependent on taxpayer funding .
This is measured against what matters most to passengers - a better railway with more trains on time Rick Haythornthwaite , Network Rail chairman
" In the week when everyone has been asked to share the burden of reducing Britain 's deficit , people will rightly be asking how Network Rail 's top executives feel this is appropriate . "
The transport secretary , who had written to Network Rail urging constraint , called for the upcoming review of the management incentive plan to be " far reaching and fundamental " .
Timely departure
The bonus decisions come as Network Rail seeks a successor to Mr Coucher to take over the negotiation of the next funding round .
Mr Coucher is set to leave after eight years with the firm , and three years as chief executive .
It is nothing short of a national scandal Bob Crow , RMT general secretary
The RMT rail union 's general secretary , Bob Crow , expressed outrage at the decision to pay such a large bonus to an outgoing manager .
" It is nothing short of a national scandal that ...
Iain Coucher is walking out of the door with a golden - handshake bonus of nearly two thirds of a million pounds , " he said .
" While this new government tell low paid workers that they 've got to stomach a two - year pay freeze and attacks on their pensions , they are sitting back while Network Rail , to all intents and purposes a public company , fills up the coffers of the highest paid public sector boss in the country . "
' Unconvincing ' performance
The ORR , which sets Network Rail 's level of public funding , said it was now up to Network Rail to " fully justify how it has reached its decisions " .
Earlier this year , it criticised parts of the operator 's performance , highlighting the death of three railway workers in the past year .
In its annual assessment of Network Rail it said : " We consider that the level of our intervention and the pressure we needed to apply went above what should have been required . "
The ORR also said it was " not yet convinced of the efficiency gains the company is claiming " .
Yes , it ’s been while since my last post .
Rather than doing the typical cut-and - past an interesting link or video , I thought I ’d actually do something useful for once by explaining how to uncover cellular service plan discount that you may possibly be eligible for depending on where you work or where you went to college .
Let me first start off by saying that I hate cell phone providers with a passion .
I have assigned them to the same circle of hell as cable companies , insurance companies and banks .
There ’s a special place reserved for those who do business with you in hopes that they can legally overcharge you .
But I digress …
Since reading that AT&T is charging even more for their data plans , I ’m finally starting to look around to see how much cheaper I can enjoy my mobile standard of living .
The awesome news about finally being able to tether your iPhone is overshadowed by the fact that it ’s going to cost an extra $ 30 a month .
I only chose AT&T for the iPhone , but with the new options available through Google ’s Android OS , I think that I could be convinced to switch carriers if it ends up costing me $ 50 - $ 60 less a month – especially if I can tether , integrate my Google Voice and not deal with AT&T ’s chronic problem with giving me the “ call failed ” message .
Admittedly , this discovery probably does n’t apply to most Americans , but if you do happen to work for a large company like American Express or Fidelity ( two examples from my personal life ) they typically have a corporate discount plan offered through most major cellular phone companies .
The easiest way to find out if your company is offered a discount is to enter your corporate e-mail address ( ex : billybob@bigpharma.com ) on the provider ’s web page and see if they offer a discount program .
I ’m not working for a big company currently , but since my Alma Mater is a large university and thus a large employer , my .edu e-mail address worked for AT&T and Verizon on my initial try .
If you ca n’t seem to get anywhere , I always say that the proper Google Search has permanently rendered “ not knowing where to start ” a lame excuse .
Try the links below to see if it works for you !
Sprint – Had a 15 % discount when I was at BYU .
Got a 20 % discount working for American Express .
Verizon – Used my BYU e-mail and was offered a 20 % discount on service plans , 25 % on equipment
AT&T– ﻿ Had a 20 % discount available when I worked at Fidelity .
Currently on a 7 % discount through BYU .
T- Mobile – Nothing worked for me personally , looks like you ’ll have to call them to see if your employer qualifies .
Also , a nice alternative is to join the Freelancer ’s Union as described in this article , and you automatically qualify for a discount apparently .
Some University students or employees may automatically qualify , and I also read that
40.436137 -111.904849
If you are looking to have a little fun , then why not turn to the internet ?
It offers plenty of ways for you to entertain yourself , have a good laugh and enjoy a good thrill .
You can even gamble online if you want to .
All the games are very fun to play , are exciting , and you can even make some money in the process .
To put it very simple , online gambling refers to gambling on the internet , the main goal being to make money .
There are plenty of options also .
You can go to an online casino and play casino games , you can go to online sportsbooks and wager on sports , you can wager on races , and many more .
No matter what you want to wager upon , you are sure to find it online .
You will not only have fun , but you will also enjoy the thrill of winning lots of money .
You can choose from a wide variety of gambling sites .
All you have to do is sign - up and you can start playing great games right away , or gable on sports or races .
Most of the times , it will not cost you anything to sign up .
If you do not already know a good gambling site , simply use a search engine to locate one .
By gambling online , you can also take advantage of numerous bonuses .
You will even get a bonus just for signing - up .
You should be cautious though and not deposit very large amounts in your online casino account .
Make sure that you gamble for fun .
Be cautious when gambling online .
Take the time to get to know the legislation of your country .
Do this before registering to an online casino or sports book .
In some countries online gambling is illegal , so pay attention .
Make the most of a good situation .
Take advantage of the opportunities that online gambling offers and have a great time .
Popular Forms Of Gambling
Gambling has always had its allure .
From high risk casino games , to the horse tracks , many people are entranced by the world of wagers .
Betting is a part of our everyday life , from casual bets with friends , to poker tournaments , we all gamble once in a while .
If you are looking to try out gambling , you will have many different ways to make some thrilling bets .
Here are some popular forms of gambling .
Betting on a sport is a very popular form of gambling .
You can go bet with a sportsbook , or go online to make some wagers on your favorite teams .
This is a great way to make use of knowledge you probably already have .
You do n’t need to learn strategy like you would with poker .
As a fan you probably know statistics , players etc. all by heart , and these are the facts you can use to make an accurate prediction , and therefore a successful bet .
Gamble on hockey or gamble on football , all in one place .
Bets and collections are all done through the same site so it ’s quick , safe , and easy .
Online casinos are of course another popular option .
Whether it is video poker or blackjack , everyone loves classic casino games .
Playing online is safe and secure , which draws people from all over .
DETROIT --
The Detroit Red Wings have signed captain Nicklas Lidstrom to a one - year contract , general manager Ken Holland said Tuesday afternoon .
" I'm very excited , '' Holland said .
" I still believe , especially after watching him the last half of the year and in the playoffs , that we have the best two - way defenseman in the world .
He 's excited to come back , we 're excited to have him . ''
Holland would not reveal the value of the contract , but a league source said it 's worth $ 6.2 million , slightly more than the $ 6 million Brian Rafalski , Lidstrom 's defense partner , earns .
Lidstrom made $ 7.45 million last season .
" He 's helped give us some extra ( salary ) cap space , '' Holland said .
" Hopefully the cap goes up a little and it gives us a little wiggle room to improve the depth of our team . ''
Lidstrom , 40 , said he made his decision about a week - to - 10 days ago after sitting down and discussing it with his family .
He said Holland offered him a two - year deal but he wanted to take it year by year .
“ There was some negotiations , but not a lot , '' Lidstrom said .
" I wanted to give the Wings some flexibility to sign some players . ’’
The strength of the team was a major factor in his decision .
" If the team was looking to rebuild and get rid of older players it might have been a different situation , '' Lidstrom said .
" But they ’re in it to win it .
Kenny kept telling me that , too .
He said , ‘ We want to have a shot at winning the Stanley Cup . ’
“ I believe in the team , its foundation .
We have a good core .
I believe in the players . ’’
The Red Wings have 16 players signed for 2010 - 11 at a salary - cap hit of $ 50.4 million : forwards Pavel Datsyuk , Henrik Zetterberg , Johan Franzen , Valtteri Filppula , Jiri Hudler , Dan Cleary , Kris Draper and Mattias Ritola ; defensemen Lidstrom , Rafalski , Brad Stuart , Niklas Kronwall , Jonathan Ericsson and Jakub Kindl ; goaltenders Chris Osgood and Jimmy Howard .
They still have unrestricted free - agent forwards Tomas Holmstrom and Todd Bertuzzi and restricted free agents Patrick Eaves , Drew Miller , Darren Helm , Justin Abdelkader and Derek Meech to re-sign .
The futures of UFAs Andreas Lilja and Kirk Maltby are uncertain .
UFA 's Jason Williams and Brett Lebda wo n't be re-signed .
The $ 56.8 million salary cap is expected to be in the $ 58 million range next season .
A new study from ABI Research titled , " Consumer Cloud Computing , " predicts that revenue from consumer use of cloud - based backup / storage sites will jump from almost $ 75 million in 2009 to more than $ 372 million in 2015 - a CAGR of 27.89 percent .
According to ABI Research ( News - Alert ) practice director Larry Fisher , " The consumer value proposition for many Cloud Computing applications is simple ; they 're free .
Most of the 1000 +
US consumers responding to a 2010 ABI Research survey said they were hesitant to pay anything for use of a cloud - based service site . "
The second biggest advantage of using a cloud - based application , after cost - effectiveness , is ubiquity : it allows users to access content from any Internet - connected computer .
According to ABI Research , only 11.6 percent of the U.S. consumer market for online backup / storage services was paid for in 2009 .
Most of cloud - based backup and storage services were either entirely free or free at the entry level .
In addition , the research found that almost 143 million consumers used the free or low - cost applications that reside in the Internet cloud in 2009 , a number that is slated to grow to nearly 160.6 million by the end of 2015 .
The market research firm , however , predicts that as more and more netbooks replace or supplement consumer laptops and other mobile Internet devices , the paid portion of the sector will grow .
Adoption of cloud computing is expected to increase also because of its increasing popularity as well as because of disasters that result in utility service disruptions .
" Many companies will provide free access to their web - based applications to consumers in the hope that they 'll be sufficiently impressed to bring their enthusiasm for these applications to the businesses for which they work .
Commercial pricing is then based on the number of users and the amount of storage used , " Fisher said .
Edited by Stefania Viscusi
Apple 's iPhone 4 may be shipping this week , but Android fans have a reason to celebrate , too .
Adobe today announced that it has released the final version of Flash Player 10.1 for Google 's mobile operating system .
Apple 's iPhone 4 may be shipping this week , but Android fans have a reason to celebrate , too .
Adobe today announced that it has released the final version of Flash Player 10.1 for Google 's mobile operating system .
The app will be available for download via the Android Market for those users who have Android 2.2 ( Froyo ) installed on their phones -- devices expected to offer the Android update include the Dell Streak , Google Nexus One , HTC Evo , HTC Desire , HTC Incredible , Droid by Motorola , Motorola Milestone , and Samsung Galaxy S. No official word on when that will happen , however ...
Flash Player 10.1 was also released to support devices based on Android , BlackBerry , webOS , future versions of Windows Phone , LiMo , MeeGo and Symbian OS , and is expected to be made available via over - the - air downloads and to be pre-installed on smart phones , tablets and other devices in the coming months , Adobe added .
Adobe has already made a test version of Flash 10.1 available to the public .
That app quickly became one of the most downloaded free apps in the Android Market , in spite of not having been rolled out to a majority of Android users .
Adobe also said earlier this year that it would bring Flash to the Android platform .
Mobile features include accelerometer support , which reorients Flash content for landscape and portrait mode .
Smart zooming allows
Flash apps and video to scale to a full - screen size .
Adobe also made improvements in the Flash performance and battery life .
" Smart rendering " does n't render Flash content that 's not on the screen , conserving system resources , Adobe said .
Sleep modes put Flash into , well , sleep mode , while the player also pauses during phone calls or when switching over to other device functions , only restarting when the app is brought back into focus .
Adobe alos touted its out - of - memory features , which reduce the app's memory footprint when it's not being used , and lowers the memory that content uses by 50 percent .
Finally , Adobe also noted the work that it did with hardware and software makers to optimize for specific platforms , further reducing power consumption .
ARM , Brightcove , Dell , Google , HTC , Intel , Microsoft , Motorola , NVIDIA , Qualcomm , RIM , Samsung , Texas Instruments announced their support for Flash Player 10.1 .
However , Adobe did n't formally announce any advancements in security , one of the chief criticisms of the platform , and the chief obstacle that Apple chief executive Steve Jobs on the iPhone platform , now called .
Oh , and in case any desktop users want the update , too , Adobe has made it available at Adobe.com as well .
A version of this story was originally posted to AppScout .
RECENT comparisons made between some American states ' finances and those of Greece are exaggerated .
But credit - default - swap ( CDS ) spreads , which measure investors ' expectations of default , are wider for some American states than for some of the euro zone 's other peripheral economies .
On June 17th the cost of insuring Illinois ' bonds against default hit a record high , rising above that of California , America 's largest municipal borrower .
Both considered riskier than Portugal 's debt .
New York and Michigan are higher than Ireland's .
Like euro - zone members , American states may not declare bankruptcy and cannot be sued by creditors .
And like many European governments , legislators are reluctant to impose the pain necessary to close budget deficits .
One of the beauties in the Open Source world is the possibility of reading other people source code and learn new things .
However , lately I found out that not only the library code , but the test suite of several open source projects are full lessons for us .
In this post , I want to tell you which are the three test suites that I admire the most and why .
Integration award : Railties
Rails 3 has several improvements and not all of them may be visible to the application developer .
One of the hidden unicorns is Railties test suite .
As Yehuda stated in a blog post during the refactoring of version 2.3 to 3.0 :
“ Although the Rails initializer tests covered a fair amount of area , successfully getting the tests to pass did not guarantee that Rails booted . ”
This happened because , in order to have fast tests , Rails 2.3 suite stubbed and mocked a significant part of the booting process .
The new test suite is able to create a new application using the application generator , change configuration options , add plugins and engines , boot it and even make HTTP requests using Rack : : Test .
For instance , take a look at this test which ensures that app / metals inside plugins are successfully added to the application middleware stack :
def test_plugin_metals_added_to_middleware_stack @plugin.write ' app/metal/foo_metal.rb ' , < " text / html "} , [ " FooMetal " ] ] end end RUBY boot_rails require ' rack / test ' extend Rack :: Test :: Methods get " / not/slash " assert_equal 200 , last_response.status assert_equal " FooMetal " , last_response.body end
The most important lesson here is : whenever mocking or stubbing in our tests , we still need to add tests without the mocks and stubs to ensure all API contracts are respected .
Readability award : Capybara
Capybara is a tool to aid writing acceptance tests for web applications .
Capybara can use several drivers to interact with a web application , as Selenium , Celerity or even Rack : : Test .
Each driver needs a different setup and has different features .
For instance , both Selenium and Celerity can handle javascript , but not Rack : : Test .
As you may imagine , all these different drivers can make a test suite become a real spaghetti .
However , Jonas Nicklas was able to transform a potential problem into a very elegant and readable test suite with Rspec help .
Here is , for instance , the tests for selenium :
describe Capybara :: Driver :: Selenium do before do @driver = Capybara :: Driver :: Selenium.new ( TestApp ) end it_should_behave_like " driver " it_should_behave_like " driver with javascript support " end
Each behavior group above ( “ driver ” and “ driver with javascript support ” ) is inside Capybara library allowing everyone to develop its own extensions using a shared suite .
For instance , if a driver has javascript support , it means the following tests should pass :
shared_examples_for " driver with javascript support " do before { @driver.visit ( '/ with_js ' ) } describe ' # find ' do it " should find dynamically changed nodes " do @driver.find('//p').first.text.should == ' I changed it ' end end describe ' # drag_to ' do it " should drag and drop an object " do draggable = @driver.find ('//div[@id=" drag " ] ' ) . first droppable = @driver.find ('//div[@id=" drop " ] ') . first draggable.drag_to( droppable ) @driver.find('//div[contains (. , " Dropped ! " ) ] ') . should_not be_nil end end describe " #evaluate_script " do it " should return the value of the executed script " do @driver.evaluate_script( ' 1+1 ' ) . should == 2 end end end
Capybara test suite is one of the best examples of using tests as documentation .
By skimming the test suite you can easily know which features are supported by each driver !
Sweet , is n’t it ?
Friendliness award : I18n
When you are a big Open Source project , your test suite needs to be easy to run in order to new developers can create patches without hassle .
The I18n library for Ruby definitely meets the big Open Source project requirement since it ’s widely used and provides several extensions .
However , some of these extensions depends on ActiveRecord , some in ruby2ruby , others in ruby - cldr … and soon it will even support a few Key - Value stores , as Tokyo and Redis .
Due to all these dependencies , you would probably imagine that running I18n test suite would require several trials and a lot of configuration before it finally works , right ?
WRONG !
If you do n’t have ActiveRecord , I18n will say : “ hey , you do n’t have ActiveRecord ” but still run the part of test suite that does not depend on it .
So if a developer wants to fix or add something trivial , he does n’t need to worry with installing all sorts of dependencies .
Besides , as mentioned a couple months ago , the I18n library allows you to create several combinations of backends .
In other words , the I18n test suite needs to ensure that all these different combinations work as expected .
This problem is quite similar to the one in Capybara which needs to test different drivers .
However , I18n uses Test :: Unit thus it cannot use shared examples groups as in Rspec .
So how were I18n developers able to solve this issue ?
Using Ruby modules !
Here are the tests for the upcoming KeyValue backend :
require ' test_helper ' require ' api ' class I18nKeyValueApiTest < Test :: Unit :: TestCase include Tests :: Api::Basics include Tests :: Api::Defaults include Tests :: Api::Interpolation include Tests :: Api:: Link include Tests :: Api::Lookup include Tests :: Api::Pluralization # include Tests :: Api::Procs include Tests :: Api::Localization :: Date include Tests :: Api::Localization :: DateTime include Tests :: Api::Localization :: Time # include Tests :: Api::Localization :: Procs STORE = Rufus :: Tokyo:: Cabinet.new ('*') def setup I18n .
backend = I18n :: Backend :: KeyValue.new ( STORE ) super end test " make sure we use the KeyValue backend " do assert_equal I18n :: Backend : : KeyValue , I18n.backend.class end end
Each included module above adds a series of tests to the backend .
Since key - value backends cannot store procs , we do n't include any test related to procs .
Wrapping up
These three are my favorite test suites and also part of my favorite open source projects !
We 've adopted Capybara as the official testing tool at PlataformaTec for some time already and I18n is one of the subjects of my upcoming book about Rails 3 .
In one specific chapter , we will build a tool that stores I18n translations into TokyoCabinet , which allows us to create and update translations through a web interface , similarly to ActiveRecord .
The only difference is that TokyoCabinet is waaaay faster .
Finally , the fact you can mimic several of Rspec features using simple Ruby ( like Capybara using shared example groups and I18n simply using modules ) will be part of my talk in Euruko 2010 entitled DSL or NoDSL :
The power is in the middle .
The talk will show cases where DSLs mimics much of the behavior provided by Ruby and discuss what we are winning and / or losing in such cases .
Keep following us and , until the next blog post is out , we would love to hear in the comments which are your favorite test suites !
Look in the mirror .
It turns out , pretty much everything you do when interacting with dogs , is wrong in some way .
Despite all their good traits , sometimes dogs can be frustrating as hell .
If you do n't own a dog , and simply wind up at a friend 's house with one , well , that 's even worse because you can't swat somebody else 's pooch .
So it just keeps gnawing on your shoe laces , and you 're powerless to stop it .
Why do so many dogs act like assholes ?
6 Punishing it After You Discover Something it Destroyed / Pooped On
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Most dog owners have walked into a room to find our favorite slippers chewed up .
Or maybe it 's a book , or a computer , depending on the dog .
It 's natural to take one look at the destroyed slippers / novel / Alienware workstation and start yelling over and over again that the guilty party is , in fact , a Bad Dog .
Hopefully this makes you feel better , because that 's all it does .
There are two problems here : First , dogs do n't speak English ( their biggest obstacle to U.S. citizenship ) so the only way we can really communicate what we want is through associating behaviors with tangible rewards .
" It 's simple LOGIC !
Why ... wo n't ... you ... LISTEN ?! "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The other problem is dogs have pretty much no memory at all .
This is why they 're smart enough to know to wait until you 're gone to dig that half - eaten burger out of the trash , but not smart enough to clean up the evidence after the fact .
So if the rewards / punishments are n't immediate , do n't bother .
If they do a good thing ( like sit on command ) and you immediately give them a treat , they associate the sitting with the treat and are more inclined to do it next time around .
If they do a bad thing ( like try to fit a cat 's head in their mouth ) and you immediately give them a punishment ( like playing an Insane Clown Posse song ) , they associate cat bullying with excruciating pain and are more likely to stop .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So how long is too long to wait to punish your dog ?
How about one second ?
That 's right ; studies have shown that even half a second delay in punishing ( or rewarding ) a dog has a noticeable effect on how fast they learn .
So when you get home two hours after he 's butchered your finest gaming computer , that is as far gone from his mind as ancient Roman history .
He thinks that you 're yelling at him for running up to greet you when you get home .
" He knows what he did , " you might say .
" Just look at him , he looks guilty as hell ! "
The successes of the South American teams in the World Cup have led to some speculation that years of street football may be responsible for the fast paced dexterity that powers the Latino players .
The photo is of some lads playing street football in the Manrique barrio of Medell√≠n , Colombia .
I took the photo a couple of days ago and it depicts the typical type of informal football that happens in residential streets across the continent .
The game is a great way of developing ball skills as the play is fast paced , the space limited , and the ‘ field ’ often interrupted by a passing motorbike or pedestrian which the players are just expected to work around .
It ’s clearly a game which demands quick thinking and improvisation .
But I want you to focus on the left hand side , where you can see the goal .
It ’s tiny .
It ’s about a metre wide , about the same high , and the goalie can virtually fill it if he crouches .
This is the standard street football setup here .
In these games , much of the skill in scoring goals relies on a combination of fooling the keeper , by tempting him out , followed up with pinpoint accuracy in targeting any small angle which subsequently appears .
However , there ’s some evidence from sports psychology which may give us another clue as to why this is useful preparation for more formal football matches : experiments have shown that if you ’re playing badly the goal is perceived to be smaller than it actually is .
It ’s probably worth pointing out that , as far as I know , this has never been tested specifically in football , but it has been shown in various other sports .
There ’s a fantastic discussion of these studies over at Neurophilosophy which I highly recommend if you ’re interested in the science behind perceptual changes during sport .
This is an excerpt which discusses the effect in American ‘ foot ’ ‘ ball ’ :
It was found that participants who made 3 or more successful kicks perceived the goal to be bigger than it actually was , whereas those who scored 2 or less goals perceived it to be smaller .
There was also a relationship between the subsequent perception of the goal posts and how the kicks were missed : participants who more frequently kicked the ball to the left or right of the target perceived the upright posts to be narrower , whereas those whose kicks tended to fall short of the goal , or to be too low , perceived the crossbar to be higher .
So , if you ’ll excuse the punditry for a moment , I wonder whether one of the benefits of street football is that players have informal training of dealing with small goal sizes .
In other words , as well being useful training for ball skills , it also helps adapt to any perceptual changes that occur during the match .
Link to Neurophilosophy on performance and goal size .
We have discussed in the past , some of QuickTime X ’s hidden talents .
Using a yellow slider control ( iPhone Movie Editing anyone ? ) , you can trim audio files from directly inside of QuickTime Player .
The next time you need to MacGuyver yourself a ringtone , try this simple process :
Open an audio file in Quicktime X ( X just means version 10 ) .
Open an Audio file using QuickTime Player .
Select the Edit Menu ->
Trim …
Menu ->
Adjust the yellow trim area as desired .
area as desired .
Click on the yellow “ trim ” button in the upper right hand corner of the window .
in the upper right hand corner of the window .
Done .
These convenient and simple features are always a welcomed addition to any media player .
When that media player is part of the Operating System , it ’s even better !
In an interview , Dr. Nestle ( pronounced NES - sel ) said : “ People are willing to spend anything on their pets .
The $ 18 - billion - a - year pet food industry is considered to be recession - proof .
Although during this economic downturn shelters have been overwhelmed with pets people could not afford to keep , those who have kept their pets are not stinting on what they spend to feed them . ”
Image Credit ...
Mike Bentley
She noted , however , that the so - called premium pet foods cost three to four times more than supermarket brands .
Within the premium brands , there is also a wide price range , yet when the ingredients lists are compared , they are strikingly similar since all have to meet certain nutritional standards .
The first five ingredients of nearly every kind of dog and cat food are generally the same , representing protein , fats and carbohydrates , Dr. Nestle said , adding that “ anything listed below the salt would be present in only very small amounts . ”
She and Dr. Nesheim compared 10 premium chicken dinners for dogs and found that all contained basically the same ingredients :
All start with chicken or chicken broth , followed by grains and vegetables .
The nonpremium brands use more grains and poultry , meat and fish byproducts .
Most important , Drs. Nestle and Nesheim say , is to look for products labeled “ complete and balanced , ” indicating that they meet the nutritional requirements of cats and dogs listed by the Association of American Feed Control Officials .
This organization , in conjunction with the Food and Drug Administration , state officials and the animal feed industry , develops model regulations for pet foods , which are voluntary unless encoded in state laws .
“ All pet foods are made from the byproducts of human food production , ” Dr. Nestle explained .
“ No matter what the package says , your dog is not getting whole chicken breasts , but what remains after the breasts have been removed for human food . ”
And , indeed , it is primarily human food companies 
Nestlé , Purina , Mars and Procter & Gamble  that make the pet foods sold throughout the world .
Of course , in much of the world , domestic dogs and cats survive on table and street scraps , not commercially produced pet foods .
In seeking evidence for the added value to health and longevity of commercial pet foods , the authors found almost none with any validity .
No agency requires proof of pet food health claims , and no pet food company is willing to invest in decades of research to determine whether its products keep animals healthier and extend their lives , the authors state .
Pet food companies say they do research , but it is rarely done in a scientific fashion , with comparable control and experimental groups .
There is , however , ample evidence that , despite claims to the contrary , both dogs and cats “ are perfectly able to digest grains if they are cooked , ” Dr. Nestle said .
None of this should imply that different pet food products make no difference to individual animals .
When my friends ’ havanese began licking its paws incessantly , the vet suggested they try a corn - free pet food , which stopped the itching .
However , they need not spend $ 31 for a 12.5 - pound bag of premium food free of corn ; Costco ’s Kirkland Super Premium Dog Food , also free of corn , costs about $ 15 for a 40 - pound bag .
MONTREAL – The Eastern Conference semifinal series between the Canadiens and the Pittsburgh Penguins has been reduced to a one - game , winner - take - all affair .
The Canadiens parlayed two goals by Michael Cammalleri , a timely return by defenceman Jaroslav Spacek , an unlikely game - winner from Maxim Lapierre and another solid performance by goaltender Jaroslav Halak to beat the Penguins 4 - 3 Monday night .
That knots the best - of - seven series at three games apiece with Game 7 scheduled for Wednesday night at the Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh ( 7 p.m. , CBC , RDS , CJAD Radio-800 ) .
Lapierre gave the Canadiens a 4 - 2 lead with a great individual effort at 11:03 of the third period .
He picked up a puck in the neutral zone , used his speed to beat Alex Goligoski down the left side and then cut in front of the net to beat Marc - André Fleury .
That goal proved to be crucial because Bill Guerin deflected a shot by Sergei Gonchar to bring the Penguins to within a goal at 18:36 .
Halak made 34 saves as the Canadiens staved off elimination for the fourth time in this year ’s playoffs .
The Canadiens were being outplayed by a wide margin when they scored two goals in a span of two minutes and 31 second to grab a 3 - 2 lead in the second period .
Cammalleri scored his second of the night when he took a pass from Andrei Kostitsyn and beat Fleury at 10:45 to tie the score at 2 - 2 .
Cammalleri is the leading goal - scorer in the playoffs with 11 .
Jaroslav Spacek gave the Canadiens a 3 - 2 lead when he scored on a shot from the blueline at 13:15 .
Spacek , who had missed nine games with an undisclosed ailment , was a last - minute addition to the lineup after coach Jacques Martin decided that Hal Gill was n’t ready to play .
Gill , who was cut on the back of his left leg in Game 5 , participated in the morning skate and the pregame warmup before being scratched .
Penalties were the Canadiens ’ undoing earlier in the second period .
Montreal killed off a holding penalty to Lapierre as Halak made three saves and had the hockey gods on his side when Sergei Gonchar and Evgeni Malkin hit goalposts .
But Roman Hamrlik was called for interference 20 seconds after Lapierre returned to the ice and Montreal native Kris Letang scored at 5:21 to snap a 1 - 1 tie .
Cammalleri opened the scoring when he combined with Tomas Plekanec on a rush at 1:13 of the first period .
Cammalleri passed to Plekanec in the middle and then took a return pass on the right wing and beat Fleury with a one - timer high on his glove side .
The Penguins tied the score at 7:22 when Mark Eaton ’s shot from the point was blocked in front , but Sidney Crosby batted the loose puck out of the air .
It was Crosby ’s sixth goal of the playoffs but his first in this series .
All new MasterCards in Canada , as well as Visa cards from two of the big banks , supply cardholder info over radio waves .
( ( Canadian Press ) )
Most newly issued credit cards pose major fraud and privacy concerns because of how they 're designed to be scanned through the air , some cyber - security experts warn .
" Contactless " MasterCards and Visa cards have been available in Canada for several years , but they 've only recently reached the bulk of consumers as the country 's biggest banks adopt them .
The credit cards have an embedded computer chip called a radio frequency identification , or RFID , tag .
When waved near a payment terminal in a store , the chip supplies the card 's number and expiry date through radio waves , avoiding the need to swipe or insert the card or have a cashier handle it .
And that 's the first problem , U.S. cyber - security expert Pablos Holman says .
Anyone can buy an RFID credit card reader online , where second - hand units sometimes sell for under $ 10 , and start scanning cards in public — without cardholders knowing .
" It 's not encrypted , which is not what we were expecting , " said Holman , who has gone on U.S. TV newscasts to demonstrate the security gap .
" It 's really easy to read . …
Now you can get a generic RFID reader and use open - source programs available on the web and read cards . "
RFID credit cards surfaced in Canada in 2006 , when MasterCard started aggressively pushing its PayPass cards .
Today , about 90 per cent of MasterCards in the country are RFID - enabled and the company aims for 100 per cent by the end of the year , said Scott Lapstra , vice - president of market development for MasterCard Canada .
Visa has been slower to market such " proximity cards " under its own brand , payWave .
Royal Bank decided only this year to make all its Visas payWave - enabled and all newly issued TD Visa cards have the feature .
But most Visa cards in Canada , including those from CIBC and Scotiabank , do n't have RFID .
Both credit - card companies limit contactless purchases to $ 50 each and have pushed to have reader terminals installed mainly in high - volume , low - price businesses like big - chain coffee shops , fast - food outlets , gas stations and grocery stores .
The benefit for customers , the card companies say , is faster , more convenient shopping and less fumbling for cash .
Merchants , on the other hand , can cut down on lineups and boost their average sale value .
" A person who uses PayPass spends about 25 per cent more on their card on a monthly basis , " MasterCard 's Lapstra said .
" We launched this product to … have our cards be used more . "
Fraud risk
Lapstra and other financial executives insist the system is safe .
The PayPass website vaunts the card's " secure encryption technology " and says the card " never leaves your hand to make a payment , " making it difficult for someone to copy it clandestinely .
Visa 's site boasts it 's " one of the most secure payment solutions available today , " while TD Canada Trust promises " payment details are securely transmitted . "
" It 's encrypted information that is specific to that one transaction .
It is not your card number , it is not your PIN and it certainly is not going out into the open , " said Anne Koski , head of payment innovations at Royal Bank 's cards division .
" It 's encrypted information . "
Information stolen from an early - generation RFID credit card can be encoded onto a traditional magnetic - stripe card and used to make counterfeit purchases , a security expert says .
Not so , says 3ric Johanson , an IT security expert from Seattle who gave CBC News an in-person demonstration of how to hack a MasterCard from President 's Choice Financial .
( Johanson had his first name legally changed from Eric . )
Using his laptop , a PayPass reader and some software , Johanson , sitting in the lobby of a downtown Toronto hotel , extracted a credit card 's number and expiry date , using his own reader at close range .
Earlier in his trip , he had pulled off a similar feat in front of a stunned audience at a security conference , using a random audience member 's RFID credit card .
" When you go to read a card , you just take a reader and say , ' Give me your card number , ' and it will do that , " Johanson said .
" It 's still very much transmitted over the air by the RFID interface .
There 's no message for the card to authenticate the reader it 's about to talk to — it will talk to anyone . "
Shirley Matthews , head of chip platforms at Visa Canada , acknowledged that payWave credit cards do not disguise the card number and expiry date when they send that data over the air to a card reader .
" We do n't typically encrypt that , " Matthews said .
The MasterCards in Johanson 's demonstrations were of a later model and did n't cough up their cardholders ' names .
But most first - generation RFID credit cards , like the ones that Holman demonstrated on TV , will do so , and many are still in circulation , raising serious privacy concerns — in addition to fraud risks .
Credit - card company and bank executives played down these concerns , saying the cards can only be scanned from close range , even requiring physical contact with a reader sometimes .
" Typically , my experience has been you actually have to touch the card to the reader , " Koski said .
Lapstra added : " The cards are actually powered from the reader and they have to be within four centimetres of that reader . "
But that only means you need to boost the power of the reader to scan the cards from a greater distance , according to the security experts who spoke to CBC News .
Johanson said it 's possible to use an RFID " gate antenna " — two electronic readers spanning a doorway , similar to the anti-theft gates in retail stores — to scan the credit cards of people passing through .
With enough high - powered gates installed at key doorways in a city or across the country , someone could collect comprehensive information on people 's movements , buying habits and social patterns .
" These days you can buy a $ 500 antenna to mount in doorways that can read every card that goes through it , " Johanson said .
Several hacks possible
The newest generation of RFID credit cards transmit an encrypted , one - time security code alongside the card number and expiry date to authenticate each transaction , as Koski alluded to .
But Johanson said it 's possible to circumvent that system by deploying what 's called a replay attack :
A fraudster scans the RFID card dozens of times in a public place in a matter of seconds , without the cardholder knowing , and captures the security codes that the card transmits .
A cloned card is then programmed to " replay " those codes at a store 's payment terminal .
The credit - card company would only catch on to the fraud when the real cardholder tried to make a subsequent payWave or PayPass purchase with a security code that had already been used by the scammer .
Several other kinds of information hacks are possible , Johanson said :
With a first - generation RFID credit card , a fraudster can secretly scan the card 's number ( including a security code called CVV1 ) and expiry date , then program a traditional magnetic - stripe Visa or MasterCard with that information .
Even without the cardholder 's name , the fraudulent , cloned card could be used in many retail locations .
Someone could scan RFID credit cards in the mail while they 're being sent to cardholders .
Issuing banks have typically disregarded privacy and security concerns and refused to use magnetically shielded envelopes for mailing payWave - and PayPass - enabled cards .
The advantage of this hack is that a scammer would get the person 's mailing address as well , a crucial piece of info for most online purchases .
A company could use the workplace 's card - access doorways to scan employees ' credit cards and compile information on their finances and lifestyle .
For example , any credit card number beginning with " 5192 " is a U.S. - dollar MasterCard from Bank of Montreal — and an employee who started coming to work with one in his pocket one day , then went on a three - week " sick leave " the next , might raise a red flag .
Visa , MasterCard and their issuing banks stress that credit - card security is a multi- layered apparatus , relying on much more than just the integrity of card information .
One factor is the effort required to pull off a swindle .
" Particularly when it comes to contactless , these are small - ticket transactions , " Koski said .
" I mean , what are you gonna do , take $ 50 worth of free coffee ? "
" Where we see fraud in the credit - card industry in general is areas where it's a stolen card and highly fence - able goods , so electronics and things they can turn into cash , " Lapstra added .
" PayPass is focused on lower - dollar value , high throughput : fast foods and coffees and those kinds of things .
…
We are not aware of or have any evidence that PayPass cards are able to be compromised . "
Johanson said it 's only a matter of time , though , before sophisticated criminals who have proven adept at wide - scale debit - card fraud turn their attention to RFID credit cards .
" As with most things , what 's probably going to happen is they 're going to wait for a high degree of market adoption before it gets interesting to attackers . "
RFID cards MasterCard : Aims to have all cards in Canada enabled with its PayPass contactless system by end of year .
Major issuers include Bank of Montreal , National Bank , Capital One , President 's Choice Financial , Canadian Tire Financial , Citigroup .
Visa : Has 31 million cardholders in Canada but would only disclose that " several million " of those contain its payWave RFID technology .
Major issuers are Royal Bank and TD .
Notable non-players are CIBC and Scotiabank .
He pointed to the example of the chip and PIN system , which Visa , MasterCard and their competitors began implementing in the early 2000s .
Each credit card has a microchip in it , which works with a corresponding personal identification number , or PIN , entered by the cardholder to authenticate each purchase .
As chip - and - PIN cards become the norm , researchers at Cambridge University in Britain reported in a paper last month that the system is " broken . "
In a demonstration on BBC News , computer scientists fooled journalists ' credit cards into making purchases without the valid PIN .
Such frauds are a bane to consumers , the researchers say , because to the banks it appears as though the correct PIN was used and it was n't theft .
Several British cardholders reporting counterfeit transactions on their accounts have had their claims rejected by their bank and been stuck with the bill .
Security expert Holman said the credit - card companies had a tremendous opportunity with the rollout of RFID , chips and PINs — the sector 's biggest overhaul since " magstripe " cards were implemented in the early ' 80s — to implement a robust , safe payment system .
" What people do n't understand is the credit - card industry is n't trying to make cards secure , " Holman said .
" They just have a risk - management problem where they try to control the amount of fraud on their system . "
Click on the tabs to read about the different ways a scammer could get RFID credit - card info , and how they could exploit the data :
Subject : BP control of GIS dataJune 15 2010 - 00:23 BST .
Important information has come to light which deserves prominence , hence this edit .
I can confirm that the letter was written by Andrew Stephens and Devon Humphrey .
I have been led to understand that the open letter was taken downbecause some web sites were reading more into the letter than was clearly stated .
The letter has now been replaced with a note :
It is my sincere belief that a letter which commences with the words " to whom it may concern " and which is posted in a public forum with free access to any person is thereby placed in the public domain .
A number of blogs have reported partial contents of an open letter written by Andrew Stephens and Devon Humphrey expressing concerns about the use of GIS data by BP .
The link provided by these bloggers is now invalid .
It would be perfectly reasonable for any person to assume that the letter has been censored .
However , if the publication of the letter in its original location was a breach of the site 's terms and conditions , then its removal was not censorship .
However , the site is registered to Andrew Stephens , one of the authors of the letter , as shown in the whois data : Domain Name : THEGISINSTITUTE.ORGCreated On:27 - Aug-2002 16:26:44 UTCLast Updated On:23 - Oct-2009 14:25:43 UTCExpiration Date:27 - Aug-2010 16:26:59 UTCSponsoring Registrar: eNom , Inc. ( R39 - LROR ) Status : CLIENT
TRANSFER PROHIBITEDRegistrant ID :f68a65ffe392b8acRegistrant Name : Andrew StephensRegistrant Organization : The GIS InstituteWhen I viewed the source code of the - since removed - page I found that it contained spurious web content .
That brings up the possibility that the site was being hacked .
In the spirit of open science I reproduce the letter here in full , as published June 11 2010 on the website of The GIS Institute - the Mailing address for The GIS Institute is PO Box 1124 Boulder , CO 80306 Deepwater Horizon GIS Data ConcernsFrom : Andrew Stephens and Devon HumphreyDate : June 9 , 2010 Subject : BP control of GIS dataTo Whom It May Concern : Executive Summary This letter is being submitted to make it known that several key factors of the National Incident Management System ( NIMS ) and Incident Command Structure ( ICS ) are not being met in the Unified Command process of the BP Deepwater Horizon Incident .
Specifically regarding the treatment of Geographic Information System ( GIS ) data , current configuration and process limit , or exclude completely , the flow of information about the extent and status of the disaster to government entities , emergency responders , and the public .
GIS is essential to the oil spill response effort and to the recovery of public resources .
Almost every map and geographic display representing the Deepwater Horizon Incident is sourced by GIS data .
Current GIS management processes indicate that BP is treating GIS data as proprietary information , and these data are currently being stored behind the BP corporate firewall .
It is our understanding that public agencies , for example , The US Fish and Wildlife Service and The Louisiana National Guard , are literally submitting the only copy of agency field data , via wireless - enabled mobile GPS devices , directly to a BP GIS server behind the corporate firewall in Houston .
Examples of these data are ; dead bird and fish locations with photos , boom placement , engineered construction barriers , including dates , and other descriptive information and photos .
State Emergency Operation Center ( EOC ) staff , Parish EOC staff , and other Emergency Responders and Recovery Specialists do not have access to these GIS datasets , contrary to all NIMS guidance , protocols and principles .
Per NIMS , redundancy of incident information is to be managed jointly , and fully accessible by the Federal On Scene Coordinator ( FOSC ) , the State On Scene Coordinator ( SOSC ) , and the Responsible Party .
Technology allows implementation of this design to occur instantaneously and automatically ( see attached diagram ) .
The intent of this letter is to inform The President , the National Incident Commander , the FOSC , the SOSC , and the public , of the need to establish and enforce NIMS compliant access policies over all Deepwater Horizon oil spill GIS data .
The Geospatial Intelligence Officer ( GIO ) and the GIS Unit Leader , who proposed NIMS - compliant GIS architecture to Unified Command , and supported access to these GIS data , have been removed from the Houma ICP by BP IT department managers .
IntroductionAndrew Stephens and Devon Humphrey , both Geographic Information Systems ( GIS ) professionals with 40 years combined GIS experience , were the primary architects of the GIS Unit and lab at Incident Command Post ( ICP ) Houma .
Mr. Stephens has 20 years GIS experience , teaching GIS to organizations worldwide , and is an expert in GIS deployment , start - up , training and workflow design .
Mr. Humphrey has 20 years background in Oil Spill GIS with Texas General Land Office , where he was on the development team of an award - winning oil spill GIS .
He has also been an instructor since 1994 at the National Spill Control School at Texas A&M University , Corpus Christi .
The ‘ Spill School ’ is named in the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 .
From late April through May 28 of this year , while employed by BP contractor The Response Group ( TRG ) , we created a GIS - based Common Operating Picture ( COP ) capability for ICP Houma , using state - of - the - art GIS technology .
The task was done in record time , and while under significant obstacle and pressure to deliver mapping products for Incident Command , military staff , and political appointees from Washington DC .
We planned the GIS to be NIMS compliant , featuring architecture that provided instantaneous and automated copies of the data to be replicated amongst the triad of ICS participants ; Federal , State , and Responsible Party .
Our design represented an open , yet secure system , and featured best practices and tools of the GIS industry .
While on duty , we also advocated delivery of GIS data to the local parish EOC’s , and to the vast number of responders and local officials requesting this information ( per NIMS ) , so they could take informed action in their communities .
The NIMS Resource Center FAQ on the FEMA website states : “ Public Information consists of the processes , procedures , and systems to communicate timely , accurate , and accessible information on the incident ’s cause , size , and current situation to the public , responders , and additional stakeholders ( both directly and indirectly affected ) . ”
We were unable to meet the requests to deliver data locally – in our understanding , this was due to security policy restrictions of the BP IT department .
After three weeks of service with no day off , Mr. Humphrey and Mr. Stephens were removed from post .
It is our understanding the order came from senior BP IT staff from Houston .
These IT directors never met us , they never came on - site to understand the urgent and complex nature of our work , or how efficiently we were operating .
They did not communicate with us directly , nor did they ask questions about response GIS .
They had no sense of our strong work ethic , the quality of our product , nor the team spirit and community we fostered at the ICP .
We are professional and enthusiastic with this technology , and that was evident to everyone we worked with or demonstrated technology for .
The only copy of the GIS database we created is behind the BP firewall , managed and edited only by BP IT staff and their contractors .
It is our understanding that several agencies , most importantly US Fish and Wildlife , The Louisiana National Guard , and two teams of shoreline and rapid assessment personnel , are contributing GPS / GIS data directly from the field to this GIS database without copy or backup to the FOSC , or the SOSC .
We are deeply concerned about the location and stewardship of these data , as they represent a significant component of the record of this disaster , and they are not being managed in a NIMS - compliant manner .
The NIMS Resource Center FAQ on the FEMA website states : “ Information technology systems must be able to work together and should not interfere with one another when multiple jurisdictions , organizations , and functions come together to respond to an incident .
Effective emergency management and incident response activities rely on flexible communications and information systems that provide a common operating picture to emergency management / response personnel and their affiliated organizations .
Systems should support the following Communications and Information Management concepts and principles : interoperability ; reliability , scalability , and portability ; and resiliency and redundancy of any system and its components .
” It is our opinion that BP ’s IT department was not , and is not currently , aware of the NIMS standards , guidance , and compliance protocols mandated by former President George W. Bush for incidents such as this BP oil spill .
Details , a timeline , and a layperson ’s summary follow : Initially , ICP Houma GIS staff and products were primarily serving US Coast Guard task forces on the water , over - flight , and oil - plume mapping .
The GIS Unit quickly migrated away from the fragmented skills , flash drives and personal laptops , to a networked drive with a file Geodatabase , then to an Enterprise - class Spatial Database Engine and ArcGIS Server , all state of the art GIS tools .
ArcGIS Mobile ( field - to - server direct capability ) figured prominently into the overall design , and by Friday the 28th of May , The Louisiana National Guard was posting data directly from the field via wireless - enabled GPS units to the BP GIS server in Houston .
There are now over 150 layers of base map and operational data served to users of ArcGIS desktop , a browser - based Flex viewer ( a critical Common Operating Picture ( COP ) element we planned and deployed ) .
The system , which would have normally taken significant time to plan and implement , was fully operational in less than two weeks .
Map requests were dominating the GIS staff time , so standardized map products were created on a schedule , each following a data deliverable to the team – for example , the twice - daily airborne SLAR imagery receivable was processed and delivered as a map product available from the document management team .
Creating these processes while processing map requests , orienting a growing user - base to the GIS technology , staffing for the ever - increasing demand of functionality from incident command and the field was no small task .
The range and depth of talent was truly remarkable .
As the demand for GIS products and services grew , so did the GIS team , and its ability to deliver .
Federal Intelligence ( National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency ( NGA ) ) assets were put into service against the spill , as were NGA staff .
The GIS lab was a common stop by visiting Admirals , Captains , Colonels , and many others .
The team had the honor of demonstrating the GIS technology , and the history of the GIS Unit , to various members of Unified Command , including the outgoing Commandant of the Coast Guard , Admiral Thad Allen , Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Robert Papp , Area Command FOSC Rear Admiral Mary Landry , Rear Admiral James Watson ( now Area Command FOSC ) , Tom Strickland ( Chief of Staff for Interior Secretary Ken Salazar ) , David Hayes ( Deputy Secretary of Department of Interior ) , Jane Lute ( Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security ) , representatives from the State of Louisiana Governor ’s Office , Army National Guard , Air Force , US Fish &Wildlife and many others .
Houma FOSC Captain Stanton stated when he thanked us for our work , “ this is what oil spill response is supposed to look like !
” On Friday May 28 , 2010 , after 21 days of service , and just hours after US Coast Guard Commandant , Admiral Robert Papp , complimented us on our work in the GIS lab , we were removed by our contractor , TRG .
It is our understanding that this specific request was made by staff of the Houston - based IT department at BP .
We got the original news from one of our teammates after we had gone for the day , and it took several hours to reach the owner of TRG , Roy Barrett .
Mr. Barrett said to Mr. Stephens by phone , that several upper - level IT directors , and “ higher level directors than I ’ve ever dealt with ” were on a conference call Friday May 28th .
Mr. Barrett relayed that the IT group in Houston felt that we were a “ problem ” , and they asked him to ask us “ not to return to the building ” .
In our opinion , this action was taken in response to our consistent application of NIMS protocols , and for our insisting that the FOSC and the SOSC be copied on all GIS data via simple architectural and procedural designs , per NIMS ( see attachment diagram ) .
As GIS Unit leaders , we also resisted the apparent takeover by BP ’s IT department of the GIS server , originally ordered and approved by the ICP Houma FOSC , USCG Captain Stanton .
On Thursday May 27 , 2010 , Mr. Stephens was made aware , by members of the GIS Unit , that we had no write access ( editing capability ) to the GIS database .
Additionally , we could not post updates to the Flex COP viewer .
Up to this day , Mr. Stephens was assured multiple times by local BP IT contractors and staff , that the GIS lab would be the place where development and deployment of the COP viewer would take place .
The Common Operational Picture – the COP viewer – is a critical GIS tool ( and NIMS component ) for Incident Command to understand all aspects of the disaster .
The COP is a map view of the GIS database , deployed on an intranet website in the ICP , making GIS tools available for non-GIS trained personnel .
In ICP Houma , most requests for new COP viewer functionality would literally walk in through the doors of the GIS lab .
The GIS team had become quite able to interpret and understand new user requirements , and implement them quickly , sometime in minutes , so that all IC staff in the building could use the new tools .
The net affect , before the viewer control was taken away by BP IT , was that we were able to receive new requirements , write the code , and implement new tools and functionality requests in the moment , making them available immediately via the COP viewer .
Mr. Stephens left that late that day , and still the GIS Unit developer could not post updates to the viewer .
These delays were impacting Incident Command staff , by affecting the timing and quality of GIS information available for planning .
It is our understanding that at this time , BP controls all editing , contribution , and access to the GIS record for this ecological disaster , a GIS / spatial / map database of what and where features are in the response area , but as importantly when all these movements , features and activities took place .
We are also aware of at least one agency , NOAA , who is not submitting data directly to BP , perhaps for NIMS or quality control concerns .
TimelineEarly GIS efforts ( Incident Week 1 ) Last weeks of AprilScarce GIS work taking place .
Incident Command Post Houma ( ICP ) stood - up on or about April 21 .
A small number individuals , from TRG , NOAA , Fish and Wildlife and other agencies were making and plotting situation maps with GIS – no managing entity or GIS best practices in place at all .
Responders immediately began requesting map products from these “ mappers ” .
First map templates developed .
BP IT department activity : Non-existent
What it meant for GIS operations and disaster response : Basic operations and mapping only – file management , planning and backup were not occurring .
All GIS computer equipment was provided by individuals with personal laptops running ArcGIS software .
Incident Week 2 – First week of May : Devon Humphrey deployed to ICP Houma , secured GIS lab space .
GIS Accomplishments : Mr. Humphrey named GIS Unit Lead by Planning Section Chief .
A network NAS drive was purchase from Best Buy , and the local BP IT staff mapped two network drives which all GIS staff could connect to , and use for a data repository .
Map request demand exploded in the ICP , standardized map products were introduced .
A room for GIS lab was secured .
BP IT department activity : Mounted NAS drive onto vanilla network .
What it meant for GIS operations and disaster response : Basic operations and mapping only .
The arrival of Devon Humphrey ensured some data management and map quality enhancements , though increased map requests pre-empted progress on centralizing data and allowed only small gains in efficiency for map production .
Incident Week 3 – Second week of May : Drew Stephens deployed to ICP Houma , GIS Unit organized and grew , permanent server approved and ordered .
GIS Accomplishments : Recruited GIS professionals with 10 - 15 years experience recruited and hired by Drew Stephens .
Standard map products and data deliverables were documented , and daily workflows were created .
Database was centralized in a standard ESRI File Geodatabase ( GDB ) format , along with all map products and services .
Devon Humphrey promoted to Geographic Intelligence Officer ( GIO ) at the request of , and reporting directly to , Incident Command .
Drew Stephens promoted to GIS Unit Lead , reporting directly to Planning Section Chief .
Paperwork for a NIMS - compliant server architecture approved , by Federal On Scene Coordinator , USCG Captain Ed Stanton , and USCG Rear Admiral James Watson .
A request for 10 GIS workstations to replace the personal laptops was submitted .
Paperwork submitted for workstations and GIS database / server .
First NIMS organizational chart of the GIS Unit created .
BP IT department activity : Non-existent
What it meant for GIS operations and disaster response : A team was clearly in place , and both vision and leadership were being demonstrated .
Every team member knew their roles and responsibilities , and these roles changed or expanded daily .
All team members documented their workflows in order to support turnover and stabilization of this highly volatile environment .
Our clients , the responders , were getting great product .
Incident Week 4 – Third week of May : Database and temporary server in place .
Permanent server arrives , and is placed behind BP firewall .
GIS Accomplishments : Database centralized and running on Enterprise - class SDE SQL Server architecture on a “ loaner ” server in the GIS lab – an amazing feat .
The National Geospatial Intelligence Agency ( NGA ) sent a fulltime analyst to the GIS Unit to supervise the image and data products the NGA is providing for derived boom locations and plume status .
Louisiana National Guard requirements lead to the automated creation of a daily 1:24 K map book for booming strategies .
Flex COP viewer is released to “ view ” the operational picture of the GIS via intranet in the ICP building only .
COP viewer went viral , used all over the ICP by all response staff – an overnight success in the importance and utility of GIS data .
New tools added daily .
BP IT department activity : We were “ discovered ” , due to our first request for a server .
IT wanted to know why we needed it , and we first heard that there was a “ no server ” policy for the “ vanilla ” network .
IT wanted a password put on the viewer – the Unified Command triad of BP , FOSC , and SOSC vetoed this attempt at control .
USCG server arrives , BP pays for it and places it behind the firewall .
What it meant for GIS operations and disaster response :
Our finest week .
We were now operational , and getting very good at what we do .
Finally had time to actually look beyond the current day , and make plans for deploying ArcGIS Mobile technology , as well as plan for staffing needs into the next weeks and future .
Incident Week 5 – Fourth week of May : Mobile deployed , Over - flight program begins .
GIS Accomplishments : ArcGIS
Mobile deployed successfully with the Louisiana National Guard – allows field personnel to send data from GPS devices directly to the server over mobile network .
Field GPS training class was successful .
New Mobile ‘ clients ’ were requesting access to this new technology .
Over - flight coordinator named on the GIS Unit Org Chart – collected flight track from multiple aircraft , and geo-referenced pictures and processed into a daily merged layer for the GIS .
BP IT department activity : We were now being deluged by requests and tasking from BP IT in Houston , and the staff they had flown in from all over the world .
They stood - up the new server , and broke the links to the COP viewer on the first day , as we had predicted .
BP ’s IT department was clearly attempting to build a business unit , while the GIS Unit was responding to a dynamic emergency response .
What it meant for GIS operations and disaster response :
The GIS Unit was becoming distracted and time - occupied with requests and tasking from Houma BP IT staff , who were trying to learn and understand what we were doing .
Houston - based BP IT staff were attempting to manage the database remotely , and task our team .
The dichotomy of GIS personnel dedicated to emergency response , compared to BP ’s IT needs and policies was clear .
Friction was increasing , and BP IT staff were consistently breaking chain of command protocols required by NIMS .
Incident Week 6GIS Accomplishments :
Our replacements have no history with the lab , yet certainly they are GIS professionals .
We assume they are getting along fine , though they must be having trouble telling the story of the lab , and explaining how the various processes evolved when Admirals and VIP staff are touring the ICP .
BP IT department activity : Total control over the GIS lab , the GIS database , the GIS server , and all staff .
What it means for GIS operations and disaster response :
One speculative consequence of BP ’s actions is that priorities for data use , dissemination , and analysis may have negative impacts on spill response timing and operations .
Because BP IT decisions for the ICP are evidently being made from Houston , there is extremely limited exposure to the needs of commanders and field personnel in Houma .
Furthermore , since edits need to be implemented on BP proprietary systems in Houston by BP personnel , the ability to quickly adapt to needs in ICP Houma , which were changing and growing on a daily basis , were very likely impaired .
GIS professionals , scientists and developers have an approach to their work that relies upon openness and adaptability in order to succeed .
Therefore , it is highly probable that decision support was weakened by BP ’s actions to take control over the GIS environment .
What this means to the non-GIS layperson :1) The current configuration and process allow BP to limit or slow down the flow of information about the extent of the disaster to the government , the public and law enforcement , which I believe is against the spirit and letter of NIMS.2 )
The current process allows BP to treat GIS datasets as proprietary information .
It is my understanding that public agencies , like The US Fish and Wildlife Service and The Louisiana National Guard , are literally submitting the only copy of agency field data directly to a BP GIS server behind the corporate firewall .
Examples of these data are ; dead bird and fish locations with photos , boom deployment and engineered construction , dates , along with other descriptive information and photos .
3 ) The GIS information is essential to the recovery of public resources , and some data belongs to US taxpayers , not BP .
BP is paying for the hardware and collection of these GIS datasets , yet it is my understanding that the data belong to the people of the United States .
BP must not be allowed to protect these data as if they were a proprietary product .
4 ) State Emergency Operation Center staff , Parish EOC staff , and other Emergency Responders and Recovery Specialists do not have access to these GIS datasets , contrary to all NIMS guidance , protocols and principles .
The effort to slow down the flow of information is at the expense of the containment and cleanup effort of the responders and is in our opinion , suspect behavior by BP.5 )
The Federal On Scene Coordinator at ICP Houma , US Coast Guard Captain Ed Stanton , standing with USCG Rear Admiral James Watson , approved the National Incident Management System ( NIMS ) compliant design , and ordered the first database and server .
That server was received by BP , and placed behind the BP firewall .
ConclusionAt the very least , per NIMS , there must be redundancy of GIS information managed jointly , and fully accessible to both the FOSC and the SOSC .
Technology allows implementation of this design to occur instantaneously and automatically .
The Incident Commander , the FOSC , the SOSC , and the President need to establish NIMS compliant access policies over this GIS data while they still can .
This GIS information is an important component of the record , and it would be a loss to learn that some critical part were mistakenly edited , deleted or otherwise changed .
We urge The President , via Incident Command , to determine a NIMS compliant , secure , data sharing policy , based on GIS industry best practices for all GIS data of the BP oil spill .
We believe a high priority should be placed on sharing this information to all responders and researchers , for our welfare , rather than leaving it to one party to control access for its own welfare .
We must not allow BP to slow down the collection or organization or distribution of these data – they have demonstrated in other areas during this incident , that they are often slow or inaccurate when providing scientific data , quantitative methods , and projection figures .
We did the best work of our GIS careers at the ICP in Houma , and we are proud of the accomplishments , hard work , and every decision made while on post .
Sincerely , Andrew Stephens , Former GIS Unit Lead ICP Houma , and Devon Humphrey , Former GIO ICP Houma
PITTSBURGH — President Obama will call Wednesday for rolling back billions of dollars in tax breaks to oil companies , and will vow to push for climate change legislation “ in the coming months , ” setting the stage for another potentially divisive battle in Congress .
Mr. Obama , seeking to capitalize on the deepening anger in the American public over the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico to push for his legislative agenda , plans to promise to find the lagging votes in the Senate to get an energy bill passed , according to excerpts of a planned speech at Carnegie Mellon University , which were released by the White House .
“ The only way the transition to clean energy will succeed is if the private sector is fully invested in this future — if capital comes off the sidelines and the ingenuity of our entrepreneurs is unleashed , ” Mr. Obama will tell a group of around 300 local business owners and economic officials at Carnegie Mellon University .
“ And the only way to do that is by finally putting a price on carbon pollution . ”
The White House has been moving aggressively to try to stop the environmental disaster in the Gulf , now in its sixth week , from consuming the second year of his presidency .
But that may be tough to do .
White House officials were noncommittal on the plane ride to Pittsburgh as to whether Mr. Obama will go ahead with a planned trip to Indonesia ( Bali and Jakarta ) and Australia ( Canberra and Sydney ) this month , given the oil spill in the Gulf .
The Australia / Indonesia trip , especially the Bali part , could yield some bad optics for the president right now as many foreign policy experts say there is no pressing national security reason to visit either country right now .
Mr. Obama has already canceled the planned trip once — in order to tend to the Congressional debate on overhauling health care .
The 911 call made when Gary Coleman fell last week at his home in Utah is not for the faint of heart .
Be forewarned :
It is graphic , upsetting material .
Well , unless you 're his wife , Shannon Price .
Woman did n't seem too moved by the whole situation - at least not enough to drive Coleman to the hospital .
“ I do n’t know what happened , ” Price told the dispatcher , requesting that they " send someone quick because I do n’t know if he ’s going to , like , be alive . ”
Gary was conscious during the call , but Shannon says he's " like , not with it . "
Price then added that " I 'm gagging .
I 've got blood on myself .
I can't deal . "
On the call , Shannon initially refused to walk over and assess Gary ’s condition because she was stressed and she does n’t “ want to be traumatized . ”
Imagine how Gary felt ...
She also told him numerous times to put pressure on a cut on the back of his head and to " Sit down ! " as if he were some sort of animal .
It 's really sad .
We realize Shannon Price suffers from seizures and was in the throes of trauma , but she certainly does n't come off very sympathetic here ... or useful .
The 911 call was placed Wednesday , before the actor was hospitalized .
Gary Coleman died Friday morning when Shannon removed him from life support .
Might his brain hemorrhage have been prevented or treated more effectively after a swifter response ?
Might she have waited longer to see if he recovered ?
There 's no way to know .
But it makes you wonder .
Just saying .
Miguel Herranz is a sketch artist of a rare breed .
When I look at his work , I think of masters like Andrea Joseph , Susan Rudat , and Paul Heaston .
Miguel Herranz ’s signature , what differentiates him from these equally talented artists , is perhaps his versatility and childlike exploration of the possibilities of sketch art .
From each of his sets on Flickr , I ’ve chosen a sample to illustrate Herranz ’s imaginative capacity .
The first sketch ( above ) is taken from the set , “ Places “ .
By clicking on each image , you will be directed to that specific set .
The above drawings are found in the set , “ Things “ .
The set , entitled “ Sketched Memories , ” is a fascinating project in which the artist journals his past through sketch art .
Leaf through the pages of this journal on Issuu .
The artist writes :
This series tells stories of my childhood .
This page talks about our kitchen , crockery , appliances , all that stuff .
It ’s Madrid , late 60’s .
The final drawing tells about some day in which my father , very angry , punched the table touching the edge of my dish , that took off and landed in pieces while part of the content ( stewed meat ) flowed down the wall tiles .
This drawing is from a delightful set entitled , “ Garabatos . ”
In case you were wondering what “ garabatos ” means , Herranz gives a satisfactory definition :
Doodles ( english ) , garabatos ( spanish ) , scarabocchi ( italian ) , gargots ( catalan ) , rabiscos ( portuguese ) , griffonages , or gribouillis ( french ) , gekritzel ( german ) ,
каляки - маляки / kalyaki - malyaki or каракули / karakuli ( russian ) , krabbel ( dutch ) , draskulki / драскулки or draskanitzi / драсканици ( bulgarian ) .
Herranz is a Spanish - born illustrator living in Italy .
This is from a set entitled , “ EDM , ” or as Herranz explains , “ Every day matters ’ challenges . ”
From “ Sketchcrawl . ”
Herranz writes :
These are drawings made in Vignola , a little town 30 km far from home .
The main sight is the Fortress .
I passed about 10 minutes to chose this angle . . . only to discoverer afterwards that I ’m not so original : it is the angle of all the photos that illustrate the covers of every Vignola ’s guide .
At least , no doubt it ’s the best angle at all .
From the set , “ People “ .
The artist ’s sketches of famous people are inventive as well .
The first sketch is of Jorge Luis Borges , and the second is of Rita Levi-Montalcini , who won the 1986 Nobel Prize in Medicine .
But he also does cartoons !
And some of them are really funny . . .
In a set entitled “ Symmetry , ” the artist discusses his admiration for MC Escher .
Miguel Herranz ’s Blog
Miguel Herranz ’s Website
Miguel Herranz ’s Flickr
More often than not , actors can't choose what films they complete just before they die .
Sometimes they 'll get lucky and have a Network or a Dark Knight or a Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner in the bag to remind people how great they were .
Other times they 'll be lumbered with a Delgo or a Transformers :
The Movie or , in Gene Kelly 's case , that horrible Xanadu montage that required him to dress up like a cartoon cowboy and rollerskate around to an ELO song .
I 'm telling you this because the trailer for Dennis Hopper 's final film , Alpha and Omega , has been released .
For an actor whose career hit the heights of Easy Rider and Apocalypse Now , the quality of his last film does n't particularly matter that much – but it'd still be nice for him to bow out with some dignity , would n't it ?
Let 's pull the trailer apart to see if he did it ...
Alpha and Omega 1
Admittedly Alpha and Omega is a cartoon .
But look at his character here – it's a lone wolf howling proudly at the sky .
Signs are good .
Dignity level – 8/10 .
Alpha and Omega 2
Wait a minute .
Alpha and Omega may be a film about wolves , but it 's actually a film about adorable baby wolves who frolic around in bluebell - filled meadows .
Ominous .
Dignity level – 6/10 .
Alpha and Omega 3
If the Alpha and Omega trailer is any indication of the actual film , then what you 're looking at here is an image of a wolf spitting out some poo .
Some actual wolf poo that went into his mouth when he got his face impaled in a bigger wolf 's bottom .
Hopper fans should relax a little – this film still does n't look quite as bad as Super Mario Bros – but it wo n't be a masterpiece .
Dignity level – 3/10 .
Alpha and Omega 4
More bottoms .
This time , Lady Wolf is about to be stabbed in the bum by a tranquilliser dart .
However – bizarre arse fixation aside – perhaps this means that the film is about humanity 's relentless destruction of the natural world , instead of some poo-eating wolves .
Dignity level – 7/10 .
Alpha and Omega 5
Then again , the Alpha and Omega trailer has devoted an entire scene to the sight of a wolf pulling a funny face because it needs to do a wee , so what do I know ?
Dignity level – 5/10 .
Alpha and Omega 6
And pulling a funny face because another wolf has bitten him on the rear .
Dignity level – 4/10 .
Alpha and Omega 7
This is better .
Any idiot will have seen this moment coming a mile away , but it 's cute .
And it 's not about bums or poo or wee , so I 'll be generous here .
Dignity level – 7/10 .
Alpha and Omega 8
I 'll be generous here as well .
Yes , it 's a goose pulling what seems like the billionth funny face of the trailer , but Alpha and Omega is a kid 's film .
Also , it 's Father 's Day soon , and this goose looks exactly like my dad .
Seriously , it 's spooky .
Dignity level – 7.5/10 .
Alpha and Omega 9
Oh , hang on .
It would appear that the moose is pulling this face because a parasailing wolf has clattered face - first into its bottom , possibly getting its head lodged in the moose 's rectum in the process .
Oh dear .
What a sad way to say goodbye to Dennis Hopper .
But cheer up – let 's not say that Alpha and Omega is one of the worst films that Dennis Hopper ever made ; let 's say it 's one of the best films about love - struck , incontinent , bum - obsessed , poo-eating cartoon wolves that anyone has ever made .
Dignity does n't matter when you 've got plaudits like that , right ?
Uruguayan Jorge Larrionda , who refused to award a clear England goal , and Italian Roberto Rosetti , who allowed an offside Argentina goal to stand , were the two most high profile names to leave the tournament from the quarter - finals onwards .
England thought they had equalised against Germany in the second round on Sunday when Frank Lampard 's first - half lob clearly crossed the line but Larrionda waved play on .
England were to lose 4 - 1 but at the time of the disallowed goal were 2 - 1 down , while Mexico were drawing 0 - 0 before Carlos Tevez 's headed goal stood although he was clearly offside .
Argentina won 3 - 1 and Tevez went on to score twice in Sunday night 's game .
STUBBORN OPPONENT
On Tuesday , FIFA president Sepp Blatter , who has been a stubborn opponent of technology for years , said he had been forced to reopen the debate for its use .
" It is obvious that after the experiences so far at this World Cup it would be a nonsense not to reopen the file on goalline technology , " Blatter said at a briefing with selected media on Tuesday .
" I deplore it when you see the evident referees ' mistakes .
They were not five - star games for referees , " he added .
Last week Larrionda also came under fire from Serbia coach Radomir Antic , whose side bowed out of the tournament in the group stages .
" This is not a dark day for Serbian football , it was the referee and his assistants who had a dark day and their poor decisions put us to the sword , " he said after the 2 - 1 defeat to Australia in which two Serbian efforts were disallowed .
Also on Tuesday , English referee Howard Webb said he was happy for technology to come into the game .
" I am open - minded for anything that would make us more credible , " he told reporters in Pretoria .
Prior to the tournament Rosetti had courted very little controversy but in the group stages he sent off Australia 's Harry Kewell for handball against Ghana in a 1 - 1 draw , prompting the player to say : " The guy 's killed my World Cup . "
Australia went out at the group stage .
Out of 29 referees who began the World Cup on June 11 , 19 now remain .
Follow FFT.com on Twitter
Join FFT.com on Facebook
The mysterious first moments of a supernova have now been modeled in 3 - D — showing what happens in a dying star 's heart from half a second to about two hours after the blast begins .
The development could help scientists eventually " rewind " the leftovers of real cataclysmic star explosions to find out how they get started and why their leftovers assume a variety of shapes .
( See supernova pictures . )
" These are the first three - dimensional models linking the beginning of the explosion to the supernova structure we see hours later , " said study co-author Hans - Thomas Janka , an astrophysicist at the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Garching , Germany .
The new simulations also give the best peek yet at the prime suspect in the mystery of what kills big stars from the inside out : a torrential spasm of ghostly subatomic particles called neutrinos .
At Foo Camp 2010 , Sridhar Vembu , CEO of Zoho , gave a talk called “ Alternatives to College . ”
I was so excited by what he had to say that I wanted to be able to share it more widely — after all , only two people came to his talk .
So I recorded a video interview ( after the jump ) with him .
Sridhar ’s efforts at Zoho and their development center in Madras tell us something about how to develop a 21st century workforce by tapping into those who would not normally go to college .
In short , his answer is not to prepare them for college but to prepare them to be productive in the workplace — and to do that preparation in the workplace .
Sridhar has a Ph.D from Princeton , having gone there after obtaining a degree from an elite engineering school in India .
Yet it was watching his youngest brother succeed at programming without a college degree that convinced him that others could follow that example .
As he studied the best employees in his own company , he discovered that credentials were not as important as he once thought .
Based on a few years of observation , we noticed that there was little or no correlation between academic performance , as measured by grades and the type of college a person attended , and their real on - the - job performance .
That was a genuine surprise , particularly for me , as I grew up thinking grades really mattered …
Over time , that led us to be bolder in our search for talent .
We started to ask “ What if the college degree itself is not really that useful ?
What if we took kids after high school , train them ourselves ? ” *
At Zoho , Sridhar created a program , which he called a “ university ” but it was nothing like a normal university .
He began working with kids who had a high school education and who were unlikely to attend college for economic reasons .
He did n’t care if they had no previous computer experience .
He did n’t care that they did n’t speak English .
Once in the program , the students were paid a stipend to attend each day .
The program lasted 9 - 12 months and then the students entered a one - year apprenticeship program .
After two years , the students were ready to be productive employees in an IT company .
About 100 kids so far have been through the program .
The program offers concrete , hands - on instruction designed to follow how someone who was self - taught would learn .
( The first teacher was himself a self - taught programmer . )
They are expected to spend the bulk of the time learning on their own .
The students are taught very little theory , avoiding computer science altogether .
Instead students practice solving problems and doing real work .
They learn programming , English ( many only know Tamil ) , and math .
None of the students really like math and they learn just enough .
Sridhar made a comment that might shock educators and employers : “ Math is the new Sanskrit , the new Latin . ”
He believes we overestimate the value of math as a tool to assess a student ’s ability .
Sridhar believes that finding new sources of talent outside the university was important for his company to remain competitive .
Now , they have employees who are passionate about their work .
By discovering raw talent and developing it , and by having the same expectations of them as college - trained engineers , Zoho has created a fast - track to new opportunities for young people in India who would otherwise not have that opportunity .
With America ’s own problems of high unemployment and high dropout rates , not just in high school but also college , we could learn from what Zoho has done .
I ’d like to hear from you if you ’re interested in seeing what we can do in America to learn from this model and create fast - tracking opportunities for many more young people .
Here is the interview I recorded at FOO Camp with Sridhar Vembu .
* Link to blog post by Sridhar Vembu : “ How We Recruit — On Formal Credentials versus Experience - based Education . “
US Cellular 's announces it 's first Android phone
US Cellular has announced it ’s first Android phone , the Samsung Acclaim .
It will ship with Android 2.1 and will cost only $ 100 with a contract .
US Cellular will be offering a $ 20 gift card to buy Android apps from the Android market .
Below are the details of the Acclaim .
480×320 screen
3 megapixel camera
LED Flash
QWERTY slide out keyboard
4GB microSD card included , can support up to 32GB
4.59 ounces
The phone is expected to be in stores on July 9th .
Other phones are also expected in the future like the HTC Desire .
Well , hello there Motorola Droid 2 .
We would like to officially introduce you to the readers of Droid Life .
We saw your activation screen just the other day , but we ’ll admit that it ’s nice to finally see the rest of you .
What do you think everyone ?
Should we just sit back and gaze at it for a bit ?
Moment of silence for Droid 1 ?
Throw a party ?
Be confused ?
Start saving ?
As you can see , externally , it looks almost identical to the Droid 1 .
The keyboard is really the only thing to have undergone a complete overhaul and now lacks that giant gold D - pad ( which no one used ) and includes some puffier looking keys .
There are also some minor tweaks to the lip which is covered , giving off a slightly smoother appearance .
The battery cover no longer has that fingernail insert .
And that ’s basically it for the outside .
The Droid 2 is all about the internal specs and a new version of Motoblur which does n’t appear to be quite as intrusive as the versions we ’ve seen on the Devour and Backflip .
Some of the juicy details we were given :
- Android 2.1 ( unless Verizon pumps out a last minute 2.2 update to it )
- 3.7 ″ screen
- 750MHz OMAP processor
- Wi-Fi tethering
-8GB internal
-8GB SD card preinstalled
- Updated keyboard
-5MP camera
- New version of Motoblur
- No HDMI port
- No front facing camera
Gallery :
I wish I had a release date for you , but at this time , nothing has been completely confirmed to us .
The Q3 rumors for which peg both the Droid Xtreme and the Droid 2 to be launched on the same day still seem pretty likely to tell you the truth .
One of our sources also informed us of a 3 hour long training session taking place on June 22nd for all retail employees which could mean training for these 2 new devices and Froyo .
Yay !
Oh , and one last gem for you …
Droid 2 Boot Animation :
Thoughts ?
No HDMI port or front facing camera , but the internals should make it worth it right ?
You all loved the Droid 1 styling so much and this is almost identical .
Does that make it a must - have ?
Central to the things that we must do is to recognize that population growth is the immediate cause of all our resource and environmental crises .
Dr. Albert Bartlett :
I am shaking my head as I study population trends of different countries .
I read about this subject quite a bit during my UCLA studies for my doctorate in Environmental Science .
I did my first population study : Family Planning in the People 's Republic of China in 1974 , and several other population studies a few years ago .
Except China and Europe , for all practical purpose , the world population has continued to increase with some slow down .
The majority of world leadership has closed its eyes on this crucial subject .
Even when global warming [ GW ] is discussed in depth , population growth is rarely on the agenda .
A lot of statistics are available ; all are unsettling , since nation after nation is unable to grasp the explosive situation we are in .
Let 's look at just one example - Egypt .
In 1950 Egypt population was 22 million , now it is 75 million !
More than three times larger .
They still have the same amount of arable land , but it is less fertile now and less water from the Nile River , their main source of livelihood .
Result ?
More poverty and population dissatisfaction .
Western people are unable to grasp the level of deep poverty in the slums of Cairo , for example , it is similar to India 's notorious slums .
Obviously , this population growth leads to larger use of resources , more food , more clothing , more electricity , that is : more energy and more GHG emissions .
Egypt has to be governed by dictatorship since otherwise the population would revolt .
" Democracy cannot survive overpopulation .
Human dignity can not survive overpopulation .
Convenience and decency can not survive overpopulation .
As you put more and more people into the world , the value of life not only declines , it disappears .
It does not matter if someone dies , the more people there are , the less one individual maters . "
Issac Asimov :
But my main emphasis here is about the global survival and our ability to curtail population growth , so let 's return to it :
We can grasp the changes in Egypt , the numbers are within our understanding , but the real problem is global population increase from today 's already unsustainable 6.8 Billon people to over 9 Billion in the next three decades .
And we have known about it for decades .
In 200 years global population grew 6 times !
1800 - 1 Billion
1900 - 1.8 B
1950 - 2.5 B
1960 - 3 B
1980 - 4.5 B
2000 - 6 B
The crucial issue of population growth is rarely mentioned when GW is discussed in the halls of governments , congress , and the media .
It is a taboo .
We look at it as a problem for the developing world , mostly Africa , India and China .
Europe can not mention it because their own smaller population has already all the modern comforts and their populations are mostly stabilized .
The US population is growing slowly , but our high demand for comfort dictates very high energy use and large GHG emissions second only to China .
We are 4.5 % of the global population and consume about one quarter [ 25 % ] of all global resources .
So , we have a real population problem as far as energy and GHG emissions are concerned .
And these cause GW .
The US emitted to date around 30 % of all accumulated GHG !
Developing countries do not want any one to interfere with their own population policies .
The result is that the rapid population growth is hindering most efforts to fight GW .
We will always stay behind the ability to supply low - carbon energy as long as energy demand continues to grow rapidly due to population growth .
Even if we stood still in our energy demand , the task is nearly insurmountable , the use of energy from all fossil sources is so large , and it is close to impossible to replace it in the short time frame we must do it to slow down GW .
Add to it the need to chase the energy demands of a growing population - the task is nearly impossible .
So many " green " commentators tell us that if we can just put more wind energy farms across the land or put photovoltaic on every roof , or more thermal solar in the deserts .
The problem of curtailing GHG emissions would be solved .
With all due respect to their strong love of humanity - this is sheer dreaming .
They are unable to grasp the magnitude of the energy problem , the shortage of time to cut very significantly GHG and the need to change almost every thing we are doing .
Nothing will change sufficiently to make any impact on GHG emissions if we continue according to the old way of thinking .
Congress is offering us energy bills that are easy to swallow , but they will have negligible impacts on GW .
Major sacrifices have to be made .
The POPUATION BOMB book was published more than 40 years ago , and the global population has been going up before and after that book at a fast rate , a rate that can not be sustained without severely aggravating the damage to the global climate .
Is there anything that can be done to significantly reduce the growth of global population that we may have a modicum of chance to slow the GHG emissions ?
The facts are against that possibility .
Consider the following :
1 . The growth of China and India populations is the key to global population impacts on global warming because they have the largest populations and their rate of modernization is the most significant .
2. Both China and India expect major shifts in population from poverty and very low income to the middle class .
Some 200 million in each country are projected to move from rural poverty to urban areas with considerably higher standard of living in the next decade or so .
Note that India population is 71 % rural , and 29 % urban .
Also half the population does not even have electricity .
Therefore , the shift would multiply energy demand by a massive factor .
3 . That population shift by China and India would increase their energy use by an amount equivalent to current US use ..
US energy use per GDP is four times better than India or China .
Therefore , their new urban population has to increase their standard of living to just one quarter of the US level to cause the same energy and GHG impacts as a full new USA !
Again , although this combined population shift of 400 million would not gain the US standard of living in this period , they are likely to use as much energy as the USA uses now .
4 . You can't reduce the desire for sex .
The sex drive is a basic human need and can not be changed .
5 . Free use of contraception of all types can not reduce population growth significantly to the level needed , and in the time frame needed .
Even China tried it .
It did not work .
6 . The only methods that achieved fast population reductions to date are either massive war [ 50 million deaths WWII ] or mandatory " one- child " laws in China , [ China reduction of 400 million potential births ] .
7 . It is not possible to copy the unique China experience without rigid control on the country .
8 . Most countries are " freedom loving " and would not accept population control like in China .
9 . If India could impose full human rights to most women in a very short time , women would be able to use all means of birth control , including abortion , at will .
This change in women 's freedom is impossible in the time frame we are discussing in a country deep in old traditions that have not changed in centuries among the majority of the rural population .
10 .
The current accumulation of children and young people in India [ and other high population growth countries ] will force high population growth rate independent of any new and even drastic population control attempts .
This is destiny , not open to adjustments or question .
11 . Some 3/4 of India population is in the child - bearing age .
Median population age is 24 years ; 32 % of the population is below 14 years !
India Population growth rate is 1.38 % .
It is not a high rate per se , some Muslim countries have over 3 % rate , but because India has a large population it has a very high impact .
12 . Approximately one forth of India rural population [ 200 million ] is expected to be urbanized in the next decade or so .
That move is expected to be accompanied by reduce population growth in this portion of the population ..
How much would the national growth drops by this is not yet clear .
The current average rate of India is 2.65 children born / woman .
13 . China , with slightly higher population has a dictated low rate of only 0.5 % due to its one child policy - that is not fully followed .
Even this 0.5 % is too high for China .
Their official aim was / is to have a negative rate to drop to 700 million .
" The first law of sustainability : population growth and / or growth in the rate of consumption of resources can not e sustained . "
Dr. Albert A. Bartlett
My conclusion :
It would be nearly impossible to reduce global population growth by a significant amount to help in the struggle against global warming .
We do not have the time for slow changes .
And rapid population reductions are not possible , short of massive wars or massive famines .
By
Improved 100 k offer .
The Chase IHG Rewards Club Traveler card is the IHG hotel card that includes a sign - up bonus and special IHG perks but with no annual fee .
They just improved the sign - up bonus to 100k points ( standard is 60 k ) .
Here are the highlights :
100,000 bonus IHG points after $ 2,000 in purchases within the first 3 months .
after $ 2,000 in purchases within the first 3 months .
Earn 15X points total per $ 1 spent when you stay at an IHG hotel .
Earn 2X points at gas stations , grocery stores , and restaurants and 1 point per $ 1 on all other purchases .
No foreign transaction fees .
Fourth Reward Night
Free when you redeem points for any 4 + night stay .
when you redeem points for any 4 + night stay .
No annual fee .
This is a new card , but please note the following :
This product is not available to either ( i ) current cardmembers of this credit card , or ( ii ) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months .
This offer is for the new “ IHG Club Traveler ” card , so this language means that if you have the older and different “ Premier ” or “ Select ” card , you can still apply for this card and get the sign - up bonus .
What can you get with IHG points ?
The best redemption value for IHG points is for free hotel nights .
The other options offer significantly less value .
While the points do n’t translate directly to a dollar value , but overall you should expect around 0.60 cents of value per point , which would make 60,000 IHG points worth an estimated $ 360 value .
Not bad for a no annual fee card .
You can perform the calculations for hotels that fit your needs .
I tried a bunch of other various combinations and got between 0.5 cents and 0.8 cents per point equivalent value .
IHG stands for Intercontinental Hotel Group which has over 5,000 hotels including the following brands :
Intercontinental Hotels & Resorts
Crowne Plaza
Kimpton
Holiday Inn , Holiday Inn Express
Staybridge Suites
Candlewood Suites
Hotel Indigo
EVEN Hotels
IHG points expire after 24 months of inactivity , which is relatively long so with occasional activity you can easily save up these free nights for later .
Chase Ultimate Rewards points also convert to IHG points .
Total of 15 x points per $ 1 spent when you stay at IHG .
Here ’s how this breaks down : Earn 5X points per $ 1 spent as an IHG ®
Rewards Club Traveler credit cardmember + 10X points per $ 1 spent from IHG ® for being an IHG ® Rewards Club Member , for a total of 15X points total at any of their 5,400 +
IHG ® hotels & resorts .
Given my 0.6 cent per IHG point valuation , I would book my IHG nights on this card , but not my everyday purchases on an ongoing basis .
2 IHG points per $ 1 spent at gas stations , grocery stores , and restaurants .
1 IHG point per $ 1 spent on all other card purchases
Upgrade to Premier ?
Downgrade to Traveler ?
If you can reliably use a anniversary night certificate ( 40,000 point maximum value ) and get $ 89 value out of it , you should consider going with the IHG Rewards Premier credit card mentioned on the same application page .
The Premier card also adds some other small perks like Platinum Elite status and a TSA Precheck fee credit .
If you already have the Premier card and do n’t want to pay for those added perks , you may consider asking if you can downgrade to this Traveler now without any annual fee .
Bottom line .
The Chase IHG Rewards Club Traveler credit card now comes with no annual fee and an improved sign - up bonus boost of 100,000 IHG points .
As with most of these co-branded cards , the best value is obtained if you can redeem for IHG hotel nights .
Also see : Top 10 Best Credit Card Bonus Offers .
X - Who Runs the Obama White House ?
Chapter X
Who Runs the Obama White House ?
The day after Barack Obama was elected president , the Israeli press proudly proclaimed that the new president had chosen an Israeli , Rahm Emanuel , to manage the new administration .
" Obama 's first pick : Israeli Rahm Emanuel as chief of staff " was the Ha'aretz headline of November 6 , 2008 .
The controlled press in the United States , however , keeps the American public unaware that Obama 's new chief of staff is an Israeli , with terrorist roots and a sworn loyalty to the state of Israel .
Rahm Emanuel , first Chief of Staff of the Obama White House , is the son of a real Zionist terrorist and served in the Israeli army .
The late Sherman Skolnick of Chicago called Emanuel the " Acting Deputy Chief for North America of the Mossad -­ Israeli Intelligence . "
Skolnick reported that Emanuel 's father Benjamin had been " part of the Israeli assassin team that murdered Sweden 's Count [ Folke ] Bernadotte " in 1948 .
Bernadotte was the United Nations envoy who was sent to Palestine to find a solution to the UN Partition Plan that gave Palestinian land to Jews from Poland and Russia .
Here are some key extracts from the Ha'aretz article :
A day after his historic election to become the first black American president , Barack Obama stepped into the role of president - elect yesterday , inviting Rahm Emanuel to join his administration as White House chief of staff , Democratic officials said .
Emanuel , a former Bill Clinton adviser , is the son of a Jerusalem - born pediatrician who was a member of the Irgun ( Etzel or IZL ) , a militant Zionist group that operated in Palestine between 1931 and 1948 …
Rahm Emanuel 's father , Benjamin , yesterday refused to comment on the report that his son was appointed White House chief of staff .
He told Ha'aretz that he would only comment after speaking to his son .
" Obama is a pro-Israeli leader and will be a friend to Israel , " he said , adding that he was pleased with Obama 's election .
He also said his son is the namesake of Rahamim , a Lehi combatant who was killed .
Rahm Emanuel is named after a Zionist fighter who belonged to the Stern Gang , which was a terrorist organization linked with the Nazis .
Before moving to Chicago , his father was an active member of this terrorist group of assassins and bombers , which was also known as LEHI .
This information is not discussed on CNN .
The Zionist - controlled media censors these disturbing , but important facts .
Emanuel 's father , Benjamin , told Ma'ariv , a Hebrew - language Israeli paper , that his son's appointment would be good for Israel .
" Obviously he will influence the president to be pro-Israel , " the Jerusalem Post reported .
" Why would n't he be ?
What is he , an Arab ?
He 's not going to clean the floors of the White House . "
Rahm Emanuel with his brothers and father , a Zionist terrorist from the Irgun and LEHI
The Obama White House chief of staff speaks Hebrew and spends most summers in Tel Aviv , his Israeli father proudly told Ma'ariv .
After Emanuel was named chief of staff , none of the Zionist - controlled media outlets in the United States mentioned the Emanuel family roots with the Nazi - linked terror gangs in Palestine in the 1930s and 1940s .
Naftali Bendavid of the Zionist - owned Chicago Tribune , for example , wrote a book about Emanuel and spent a great deal of time with him , but completely avoided discussin Rahm 's Israeli roots in the article he wrote for the Tribune on November 6 .
" POLITICAL ASSASSIN "
Bendavid wrote that Emanuel " is best known as something of a Democratic political assassin " who " might not appear to be the obvious choice for White House chief of staff for a president - elect who speaks eloquently of setting aside partisan differences and bringing the country together . "
Emanuel is known for using gangster tactics to threaten people .
He once mailed a rotting dead fish to a campaign pollster who had not produced results to Emanuel 's liking .
Sending a dead fish to a person is a well - known Mafia message , which warns the recipient that he will " sleep with the fishes " unless he heeds the warning .
Rolling Stone magazine revealed more of Emanuel 's gangster behavior in an article entitled " The Enforcer " on October 20 , 2005 :
" The night after Clinton was elected , Emanuel was so angry at the president 's enemies that he stood up at a celebratory dinner with colleagues from the campaign , grabbed a steak knife and began rattling off a list of betrayers , shouting " Dead ! . . . Dead ! . . . Dead ! " and plunging the knife into the table after every name .
" When he was done , the table looked like a lunar landscape , " one campaign veteran recalls .
" It was like something out of The Godfather .
But that 's Rahm for you . "
" Republicans are ' bad people who deserve a two - by - four upside their heads . ' "
- Rahm Emanuel , New York Times , January 24 , 2009
Emanuel certainly seems to have a penchant for violence , which might not seem so unusual for a person named after two Irgun terrorists : one named Rahamim ( Rahm ) , and the other an uncle named Emanuel .
Bendavid 's book was cited by the New York Times of January 24 , 2009 , as being the source of the Emanuel quote that Republicans are " bad people who deserve a two - by - four upside their heads . "
Once again , the Times article , entitled " Obama 's Partisan , Profane Confidant Reins It In " , conspicuously failed to mention Emanuel 's Israeli roots .
Obviously , the New York Times considers this information it would prefer the reader not know .
This is a perfect example how the Zionist - controlled media controls public opinion by omitting important information .
It should come as no surprise that the New York Times article chooses not to mention Emanuel 's Israeli roots -- or the fact that his father was a member of the Irgun , the most murderous terrorist group in Palestine in the 1930s and 40s .
The New York Times is the leading Zionist - controlled newspaper in the United States by virtue of the fact that it has been controlled by the Sulzberger family , founding members of B'nai B'rith ( secret organization of Jewish Freemasons ) Lodge No. 1 of New York , for more than one hundred years .
Likewise , the Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times are both owned by a Chicago Zionist named Samuel Zell .
Sam Zell 's parents , named Zielonka , left Poland in 1939 .
The Zionist controlled media also failed to investigate the evidence of Emanual 's involvement with the impeached Illinois governor , Rod Blagojevich , and his role in the activity that led to Blagojevich being removed from office .
Blagojevich specifically told CNN's Larry King that he wanted the tapes of his conversations with Rahm Emanuel released .
So , why were n't they ?
Why is Emanuel being protected ?
Impeached Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich and Rahm Emanuel
Emanuel 's brother , Ariel , is film - maker Michael Moore 's agent .
The day after the election , Moore joked about Emanuel 's appointment on the Larry King Show .
Moore made a film about 9 - 11 , produced by the Weinstein brothers , which completely avoided mentioning the many Israeli connections to the terror attacks .
This is a good example of how the so - called " alternative " media is just as controlled as is the " mainstream " media – by Zionist Jews .
Rahm and Ariel , Michael Moore 's Hollywood agent
Americans should be aware of the role this violent and uncouth Israeli has played in the Obama White House .
The chief of staff controls the people around the president - he decides who sees the president , what he hears , and what he knows .
The people surrounding the president report to the chief of staff .
Emanuel was the intellectual handler of President Obama ( a continuation of the role he has played for years ) and the controller of the White House .
Do you think having an Israeli gangster with terrorist roots running the White House affects U.S. relations with Iran , Russia , the Palestinians - and the rest of the world ?
Emanuel actually left the United States to serve in the Israeli army in 1991 .
A person from any other nation would lose his U.S. citizenship for serving in a foreign military .
Why are Israelis running the U.S. government ?
NAMED AFTER LEHI TERRORIST
Emanuel 's father said Rahm is " the namesake of Rahamim , a Lehi combatant . "
LEHI , a.k.a. the Stern Gang , was the most radical Zionist terrorist group in the 1940s .
The Stern Gang killed scores of British soldiers and assassinated both Lord Moyne and Count Folke Bernadotte ( the United Nations envoy from Sweden ) .
They also killed hundreds of innocent Palestinians , such as the civilian population of Deir Yassin .
This Zionist terror group was allied with the Nazis in their war against the British .
Both of Emanuel 's parents , Benjamin Emanuel ( formerly Auerbach ) and Marsha Smulevitz , lived in Israel and are related to Lehi fighters .
This is to say that Emanuel 's father , a Jew , fought with the Nazis .
Why would a dedicated Zionist , born in Jerusalem , and a dedicated member of a Zionist terrorist organization , move to Chicago after the creation of the state of Israel ?
Had he given up on the Zionist state ?
Not at all , Benjamin Emanuel had embarked on a new mission for Israel – a mission for life .
After the failed " Lavon Affair , " a series of failed Zionist false - flag terror attacks in Egypt , Israeli intelligence was revamped by Yossi Harel , a.k.a. Joseph Hamburger .
Israel sent scores of high - level agents to the United States , often with an American spouse .
The Emanuel family of Chicago is one of them ; the Chertoff family of New Jersey is another ; Yossi Harel went to Los Angeles .
There are many more .
Rahm Emanuel is the same Israeli who ran the White House under Bill Clinton , as one of Clinton 's senior advisors .
Emanuel is the person who pushed through the disastrous NAFTA legislation , a bill that devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector .
It should be remembered that it was during the Clinton administration , while the president dallied with his chunky Jewish girlfriend , that the foundation of the Zionist terror network that pulled off 9 - 11 was laid .
In 2009 , Rahm Emanuel , the son of a terrorist , was back in the Oval Office .
Emanuel is part of the Chicago - based team of political Zionists with David Axelrod , Obama 's chief campaign strategist .
Obama thanked Axelrod by name during his November 2008 victory speech in Chicago 's Grant Park .
Axelrod 's father , Joseph , a Jewish immigrant from someplace near the Black Sea , hanged himself in 1974 when David was a nineteen - year - old student at the University of Chicago .
His mother was a communist journalist in New York .
David Axelrod - Obama 's chief political strategist and handler
Rahm Emanuel and David Axelrod have been working together since 1984 when they teamed up to help Paul Simon defeat Sen. Charles Percy ( R - Ill . ) .
These hard - core Zionists were not working for reform in Illinois ; their only agenda was to defeat the incumbent Sen .
Percy because he was the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and was pushing for a settlement of the Palestinian - Israeli conflict .
These Zionist agents went on to manage the Chicago mayoral campaign of Richard M. Daley , the son of Richard J. Daley .
Finally , these two Zionists spearheaded the campaign to put Barack Obama into the White House .
Axelrod and Emanuel , however , were sponsored by a much higher Zionist -- Bettylu Saltzman , the daughter of Chicago 's super - Zionist , Philip M. Klutznick .
Bettylu Saltzman - daughter of Chicago's Philip M. Klutznick
Axelrod has been creating and shaping Candidate Obama since 1992 .
" Axelrod met Obama when the senator was 30 years old and coordinating a voter - registration drive in Chicago and Betty Lou Saltzman , a doyenne of progressive politics in Chicago , suggested that the two get to know each other , " the New York Times reported in early 2007 .
" In the 15 years since , Axelrod has worked through Obama 's life story again and again , scouring it for usable political material . "
Bettylu Saltzman has been supporting and financing Obama 's political career since 1992 , long before he ran for office .
Saltzman is the only daughter of the Zionist leader , Philip Morris Klutznick .
In 1992 , when Obama was thirty years old , Saltzman told Axelrod and others , " He will be our first black president . ''
Saltzman then commissioned Axelrod to create Obama , the presidential candidate .
Philip M. Klutznick
Saltzman 's father , Philip M. Klutznick , was Israel 's biggest supporter in Chicago .
Klutznick , who passed away in August 1999 , was the former president of B'nai B'rith International ( 1953 -59 ) , president of the World Jewish Congress , general chairman of the United Jewish Appeal ( UJA ) , president of the American Friends of the Hebrew University , vice - president of the Jewish Welfare Board , a founder of the Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations , president of the Memorial Foundation for Jewish Culture , and vice president of the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany , among other things .
Axelrod and Emanuel worked together to create an image for Obama the candidate since 2003 .
" For four years Axelrod has had camera crews tracking virtually everything Obama has done in public -- chatting up World War II vets in southern Illinois , visiting his father 's ancestral village in western Kenya -- and there were days when the camera crews have outnumbered the civilians , " Ben Wallace - Wells reported in the New York Times article of April 1 , 2007 .
Obama , the politician , was created by David Axelrod , who writes his speeches and guides his political strategy .
CHANGE ?
In October 2008 I warned readers that the Obama ticket was really a hard - core Zionist ticket in disguise .
In my article " Colin Powell : Liar & War Criminal Endorses Obama , " I advised my readers of the Israeli gangsters behind Obama :
Powell 's endorsement of Obama , a puppet of the Israeli Rahm Emanuel , has less to do with Obama 's African roots than with getting Emanuel and his Zionist gangsters back into control of the Oval Office .
Emanuel , the real boss of the Democratic party , is the son of a real Israeli terrorist ( Irgun and Lehi ) and thug - in - chief of the party .
What can we expect from the Obama presidency ?
Elected on a platform of " Change " after eight years of a very unpopular and dictatorial Bush regime , we would expect a substantial change from the disastrous policies of the previous administration .
So what changes will we see ?
Will we see an end to the costly and illegal wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ?
Will the senior officials of the Bush administration who willfully lied to start these wars of aggression be held accountable for their war crimes ?
Will we finally have a proper and independent investigation of 9 - 11 ?
Will the oppressive Department of Homeland Security be dismantled ?
If the war criminals are not held accountable and the most egregious criminal policies of the Bush administration are not changed and reversed – what exactly does the Obama " Change " slogan mean ?
Changing the curtains ?
Changing the Israelis in the White House ?
Change of Zionist Jewish " investment bankers " at the White House : Joshua Bolten , the son of a C.I.A. agent and second Jewish chief of staff in U.S. history , greets Rahm Emanuel , Obama 's chief of staff , erstwhile investment banker , and son of an Israeli terrorist .
Bolten served in the administration of George H. W. Bush ( 1989 - 93 ) before becoming executive director of legal and governmental affairs at Goldman Sachs ( London , 1994 - 1999 ) .
He left Goldman Sachs to serve as policy director for the presidential campaign of George W. Bush ( March 1999 to November 2000 ) .
Bolten became Deputy Chief of Staff for George W. Bush in January 2001 and Chief of Staff in April 2006 .
Bolten is credited with recruiting Henry Paulson - CEO of Goldman Sachs - to serve as Treasury Secretary in July 2006 .
Paulson crafted the disastrous A.I.G. bailout in which Goldman Sachs became the largest single recipient of taxpayer funds ( $ 12.9 billion ) , an immense financial scam in which the profits went to private banks -- and the costs to the U.S. public .
WHO IS PETER ORSZAG ?
One of the key players in the Obama administration 's $ 900 billion economic stimulus package in late 2008 was Obama 's new budget director Peter R. Orszag .
The forty - year - old Orszag was Obama 's director of the Office of Management and Budget , the arm of the White House responsible for crafting the federal budget and overseeing the effectiveness of federal programs .
He had worked closely with Rahm Emanuel in the Clinton administration - when the disastrous NAFTA legislation was passed - and was one of the first Obama appointees to be approved .
Peter R. Orszag
" In the coming years , no bureaucrat will be as decisive as Peter Orszag , " Ezra Klein wrote recently in The American Prospect .
So , who is Peter Richard Orszag and what kind of decisions will he make with the budget he controls ?
Based on his background one would be well advised to prepare for a financial train wreck .
Peter Orszag has an interesting resume .
He has played key roles in some of the biggest financial scandals of our time .
Orszag was , for example , an advisor to the Russian Finance Ministry during the reign of the Jewish oligarchs as they plundered the wealth of Russia .
He was an advisor to the Central Bank of Iceland before it crashed in 2008 .
During the Clinton administration , Orszag was a key advisor to Rahm Emanuel and Bill Clinton on the disastrous NAFTA bill that devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector .
Oddly , Orszag 's background has received virtually no attention in the media .
He has a troubling background , which deserves to be looked at very carefully .
Orszag , for example , should start by explaining exactly what happened to the Icelandic economy .
Orszag was , after all , the founder and president of the economic consultancy firm which advised the Central Bank of Iceland - before it went bankrupt .
How did Icelandic banks become so indebted ?
Ask Peter Orszag .
Orszag is an economist who served six years in the Clinton administration ( 1993 - 98 ) under Robert E. Rubin , the former treasury secretary who recently resigned from his senior position at the woefully mismanaged and nearly bankrupt Citigroup .
The fact that Orszag was a protégé of the now disgraced Rubin certainly does not bode well for the Obama administration .
Rubin strongly opposed the regulation of derivatives when such regulation was proposed in 1997 .
Credit derivatives of mortgage - backed securities were the key reason for the recent failure of a number of large financial institutions , including AIG and Citigroup .
In 1999 , Rubin joined Citigroup as a board member and a participant " in strategic managerial and operational matters of the company . "
The Wall Street Journal noted that Citigroup shareholders suffered losses of more than 70 percent since Rubin joined the firm and that he encouraged changes that led the firm to the brink of collapse .
In December 2008 , investors filed a lawsuit contending that Citigroup executives , including Rubin , sold shares at inflated prices while concealing the firm 's risks .
Orszag , a Jew , served on the president 's Council of Economic Advisers in 1993 , under Rubin , when the Israeli Rahm Emanuel , Clinton 's senior adviser , was pushing the disastrous NAFTA legislation through Congress .
Prior to joining the Clinton team , Orszag was an economic adviser for the Russian Ministry of Finance in Moscow from 1992 - 93 .
This was a period of rampant financial criminality during which many Russian mineral assets came under the control of the so - called Jewish oligarchs who became instant billionaires .
Most of these oligarchs fled Russia when their crimes were exposed and now live in Britain or Israel , where they obtained citizenship .
Born in Boston on December 16 , 1968 , Orszag graduated from Princeton University in 1991 .
He then attended the London School of Economics , where he earned a degree in 1992 and where he obtained his PhD in 1997 .
The London School of Economics was established by members of the Fabian Society , who believed in advancing socialism through gradual reforms .
The Fabian Society is a British socialist movement , whose purpose is to advance the principles of social democracy via gradualist and reformist , rather than revolutionary means .
The ideology of the Fabians is said to be described in the quote , " Fabianism feeds on Capitalism , but excretes Communism . "
In 1998 , after serving in the Clinton administration , Orszag co-founded an economic consulting group company with his brother and Joseph Stiglitz called Sebago Associates , where he served as president through 2007 .
The firm 's clients have included the World Bank , the Nordic Council of Ministers , and most notably , the Central Bank of Iceland .
The once prosperous economy of Iceland has been devastated by the current economic crisis , which its citizens say was carried out by a gang of financial criminals who followed disastrous policies and advice - provided by Peter Orszag and Company .
Americans would be well advised to be extremely vigilant with dangerous " Young Turks " like Peter Orszag and Rahm Emanuel running the Obama White House and the U.S. budget .
The United States government today is not unlike the oil tanker Sirius Star , hijacked by Somali pirates , except that the ship of state has been taken over by an organized gang of Zionist pirates , an organization most people do n't even know exists .
This organization was created by members of the Zionist terror groups , the Hagana , Irgun , Lehi , and their Mossad network .
Members of these groups were sent to the United States in the 1950s to raise dedicated Zionist agents that would look and sound like Americans - but think like Israelis .
In this way Zionists have gained control over our government and media without the passengers even noticing .
The only thing that most Americans notice is that the voyage is not as smooth as they had expected and the ship seems to be sinking .
The Zionist - controlled media assures us , however , that all is well .
Dream on .
Israeli intelligence is like the criminal organization , Quantum , in the James Bond film Quantum of Solace .
They are everywhere , supporting politicians on both sides of the aisle , creating and running governments from the left and the right , yet you do n't even know they exist .
Over the past six decades , Israeli agents have infiltrated every agency of the U.S. government and gained access to the most critical computer networks .
In order to understand what the Obama administration will mean for America and the world , it is essential to understand the Zionist agents behind Obama .
Finis
Sources and Recommended Reading
Bendavid , Naftali , " Rahm Emanuel mulls chief of staff role in Barack Obama 's administration , " Chicago Tribune , November 6 , 2008
http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-rahm6nov06,0,2553769.story
Bollyn , Christopher , " Son of a Zionist Terrorist : Rahm Emanuel 's Dirty Secret , " November 17 , 2006
http://www.rumormillnews.com/cgi-bin/archive.cgi/read/95806
Bollyn , Christopher , " Colin Powell : Liar & War Criminal Endorses Obama , " October 16 , 2008
Bollyn , Christopher , " ELRON - VOXEO : The Israeli Defense Firm That Tallies the Iowa Caucus , " December 31 , 2007
Bumiller , Elisabeth , " The Brothers Emanuel , " New York Times , June 15 , 1997
" Emanuel to be Obama 's chief of staff , " Jerusalem Post , November 6 , 2008
Green , Joshua , " The Enforcer , " Rolling Stone , October 20 , 2005
Klutznick , Philip M. , Biography from Biographical Directory of the United States Executive Branch , 1774 - 1989 ( 1990 ) , edited by Robert Sobel , Greenwood Publishing Group , Westport , CT
" Obama 's first pick : Israeli Rahm Emanuel as chief of staff , " November 6 , 2008 , Ha'aretz
http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1034855.html
Wallace - Wells , Ben , " Obama 's Narrator , " New York Times , April 1 , 2007
Original - November 6 , 2008
Latest Edit - June 21 , 2011
Richard Smith wants to start selling the official soccer jersey of the world 's most secretive totalitarian regime before the World Cup tournament begins June 11 .
He is n't optimistic .
Hawking the soccer jerseys of all 32 World Cup teams competing in South Africa this year is a point of pride for Mr. Smith , the managing director of Subside SportsLtd. , an apparel seller in Exeter , England .
To do that , he and his fellow sports merchandisers must find North Korea 's soccer shirt .
They 've initiated the equivalent of a world - wide Easter egg hunt , talking to apparel makers from Mexico to China .
Mr. Smith says he would order 1,000 North Korean jerseys if someone would just let him .
" Our market is collectors , " he says .
" They will want the shirt no one else has . "
Reynosa , Mexico ( CNN ) -- Maria Jesus Mancha had just come from burying her son .
It took her about 20 minutes to drive to the cemetery from her house in a lower middle - class neighborhood in the Mexican border city of Reynosa .
In just half that time she could have driven across the border into Texas .
That 's how close the frontlines in Mexico 's drug war are to the United States .
Mancha says Reynosa is not so much a city under fire in the drug war as a city where security officials have cut a deal with the devil and now work with or for the cartels .
Her son Miguel Angel Vazquez , 27 , was a computer engineer in a U.S. - owned assembly plant in Reynosa .
He was married with two young children .
" I blame the authorities , our bad government and the police .
You must realize these people are disguised as police , " she said , referring to cartel gunmen as " these people . "
A local newspaper El Sol , citing police sources , said only that her son was caught in crossfire when narcos opened fire on a police patrol as he drove home around midnight .
But Mancha dares to contradict the official version .
Other residents of Reynosa also believe that some in the police take orders from the now - dominant Gulf Cartel -- but they keep their opinions to themselves .
In a city like Reynosa where a drug cartel imposes its rule at gunpoint , Mancha knows speaking out may be like asking for a death sentence .
Asked if she preferred not to be quoted by name , she was defiant and pleaded not to edit her words .
" If they want to kill me for saying this then here I am .
They killed me when they killed my son .
I 'm already dead , " Mancha told me .
From Mancha 's living room , you could see a large pick - up truck with tinted windows -- like the ones favored by the cartels -- slowly patrolling up and down the street .
There was no way of knowing who was really inside .
But that 's the problem these days in Reynosa -- people suspect the cartel has eyes and ears everywhere .
A few minutes into an interview , one of Mancha 's daughters suggested she cut short the chat .
" What 's done is done .
Just let it go now , " she whispered .
Another of the vocal exceptions , publicly condemning official corruption , is Jose Sacramento , a senator in President Felipe Calderon 's ruling National Action Party ( PAN ) .
He 's running for the state governor 's office in July elections .
" What we are seeing now across Tamaulipas state is the result of complicity between state and municipal police and organized crime , " he said .
In an off - camera chat , municipal police chiefs dismissed allegations that cops were on the Gulf Cartel payroll .
But President Calderon 's government has acknowledged police and military units nationwide -- not just municipal and state police -- have been infiltrated by the cartels .
Fighting erupted in Reynosa at the start of the year between the Gulf Cartel and its former hit squad , the Zetas .
The war has spread along the border between Matamoros , across from Brownsville , Texas , up to Nuevo Laredo .
At stake is not just control of cocaine and marijuana smuggling routes but migrant trafficking routes , and extortion and kidnap rackets .
With the Gulf Cartel gaining the upper hand in Reynosa , the fate of a city of 500,000 inhabitants now seems to be in the hands of a pudgy - faced 37 - year - old known by the codename Metro - Three .
According to local residents , and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , Metro - Three , whose real name is Samuel Flores Borrego , is a former cop who went rogue and is now the alleged head of Gulf Cartel operations in Reynosa with a $ 5 million U.S. State Department reward on his head .
Flores - Borrego's State Department wanted poster
In its bid for supremacy , the Gulf Cartel has called in extra firepower thanks to an alliance with former rivals in the Sinaloa and La Familia cartels .
Given the shifting sands of Mexico 's drug conflict , it 's difficult to predict how long that pact will hold .
If it breaks down it will almost certainly herald a new spiral of killings .
It 's difficult to compare the levels of violence , or the threat of violence in Reynosa with other parts of Mexico .
Reynosa City
Hall officials said they " simply have no idea " how many people may have been killed so far .
Unlike in other Mexican cities , officials here say they believe the cartels gather up and secretly dispose of their own dead .
Red Cross officials say the vast majority of victims are cartel members , not innocent bystanders .
Whatever the threat level to civilians , it 's easy to become paranoid in Reynosa .
During a five - day stay in Reynosa , pick - up trucks and luxury SUVs shadowed our movements .
From time to time one of the trucks would crack open a window , revealing four men inside and the driver holding a walkie - talkie .
On pedestrian streets , we were followed by three young men in shiny , sequined baseball caps -- one of the hallmarks of young cartel lookouts known here as " falcons . "
Visiting journalists have the option of leaving .
It 's a different story for the Mexican journalists .
This year alone at least six journalists from Reynosa and the surrounding area have been " disappeared " by suspected drug cartel gunmen , according to Jaime Aguirre , head of Reynosa 's Democratic Union of Journalists .
It is not known whether they are dead or alive .
It 's also not known whether they were taken because of their reporting .
In a bid to survive , most local journalists seem to have decided self - censorship is the better part of valor .
There 's little news of the home - grown drug war in the newspapers or on the radio .
" It 's not fear but simply the lack of security which obliges us to keep certain things quiet , " Aguirre told me .
" Our state ( Tamaulipas ) is ranked first in the number of disappeared journalists .
We simply have no guarantees to be able to inform about daily events . "
The information void left by the traditional media is being filled by concerned citizens using web tools like Twitter .
They warn of gangsters setting up roadblocks and of the echo of gunfire .
They ask each other for status reports from neighborhoods across Reynosa and outlying border communities .
The tweets flew thick and fast in February when the Gulf Cartel and the Zetas fought day and night in downtown Reynosa .
The battles were so public that each side emblazoned the initials of their faction -- CDG , the Spanish acronym for Gulf Cartel , and " Z " for the Zetas -- on the side of their trucks .
Senior city hall official Juan Triana has also stepped into the online fray .
Drawing on advice from his two teenage daughters about how to use the social networking site , he opened his own Twitter account ( @dirdegobreynosa ) .
He and a colleague now work 16 hour days monitoring Twitter .
If tweets are false Triana tries to halt the virtual psychosis .
If they 're true he simply warns readers to stay away from what he terms " risk situations . "
" It 's clear the local media can not inform about this .
The immediacy of the information ( on Twitter ) is very useful to the community , " he said in a face - to - face conversation .
None of the other Twitter users on #reynosafollow agreed to meet in person in Reynosa .
They said they did n't feel safe talking in the real world .
In a virtual world , they 're protected by their aliases .
But back out on Reynosa 's streets , the cartel - imposed law of silence reigns .
And such psychological and physical threats of terror may be damaging people 's mental health , according to Dinorah Guerra , psychotherapist and head of the Red Cross in Reynosa .
" There is a huge risk for people 's self esteem .
They cannot speak about what they have seen or what they have heard , " she said .
" You lose yourself and lose your identity . "
As The New York Times points out , it 's been a long time since Joyce 's sprawling masterpiece Ulysses was considered obscene , but as the saying goes , " There 's an app for that . "
Now , it seems that a comic book version of Ulysses – intended as an app for the iPad – offended the sensitive souls in Cupertino , who would not approve it in part because of a drawing of unclothed human mammary glands .
Robert Berry , the illustrator of “ Ulysses Seen , ” said that an image of a woman with exposed breasts was one of the offending panels in the comic version of the book .
He offered to pixelate the image or cover it up with a fig leaf , suggestions that were rejected by Apple .
“ We basically had to lose all of her body and just tighten in on her face , ” Mr. Berry said .
“ It is rather disappointing . ”
Which is to say , in Steve Jobs ' neo-puritanical remake of James Joyce 's Ulysses , Molly says , " No , no , no . "
To Jobs ' everlasting annoyance , the internet remains beyond his control and you can see the book at .
UPDATE : Slate 's Big Money reports that a cartoon version of an Oscar Wilde story got the black - block image - censor treatment over a gay kiss .
The iPad really is turning into a Victorian computer .
UPDATE 2 : Looks like Apple has yet again decided to undo its policing once enough media piles on .
According to a comment from the " Ulysses Unseen " guys , Apple has asked them to re-submit and the Oscar Wilde comic is also getting its censor blocks removed , according to other press reports .
Anyone else tired of this routine ?
Publish the damn rules already , Apple .
Via The New York Times .
See Also :
Rocco Rossi is the king of social media but a pauper in the polls .
A Northstar Research Partners analysis of how often and how positively Toronto ’s mayoral candidates get mentioned online — measured over a period of six weeks — found Rossi got the best buzz , with 28 per cent of the chatter about him considered positive .
Etobicoke Councillor Rob Ford got more overall mentions during the May 1 to June 11 period , but the polarizing figure was as likely to be scorned as applauded .
So why is Rossi , a former political fundraiser and non-profit executive , a darling on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and other such sites , while two recent opinion polls put him at only 10 and 15 per cent of decided support — well behind Ford and George Smitherman ?
Because he has an army of online supporters , many from the marketing world , posting comments and shaping the online debate to generate positive word - of - mouth , says Patrick Gladney , Northstar ’s director of social media .
“ Rossi ’s aggressive online marketing is driving positive buzz , ” Gladney says .
“ He has a team of people who are the architects of his image online , called ‘ Rocco ’s army . ’
If anything , they are inflating the positive impressions of him . ”
“ As we get closer in , I would expect more of the public to enter the conversation , perhaps giving a more accurate reflection of how people feel towards the candidates — masking the impact of having a social - media - savvy campaign team . ”
Sachin Aggarwal , Rossi ’s campaign manager , makes no apologies for the full - court press .
“ We know that people get a huge amount of their media from online and informal sources online , so we are trying to drive as much ‘ earned ’ media as we can , ” he said .
Gladney said that , this far out from the Oct. 25 election , candidates such as Ford benefit from being talked about — whether the chatter is positive , neutral or negative .
“ It shows that people are at least aware of who you are , even if they do n't agree with everything you say or do , ” he said .
Gladney used software to capture more than 50,000 online “ documents ” about the top six candidates , winnowed to 3,590 by excluding comments from the candidates themselves , mainstream media and the like .
Comments were then rated as positive , negative or neutral .
Gladney said you can look at the disparity between Rossi ’s social media and poll results two ways : “ Either he has n’t really gathered much traction with voters despite an active social media presence , or he has held his own despite the inroads made by candidates like Ford , ” who joined the race in March and quickly rose to front - runner status in the polls .
Ford , a fierce critic of city spending whose few stated policies include pushing the province to allow mixed martial arts competitions , is a “ part protest , part populist ” candidate and magnet for online debate , Gladney said .
Only 7 per cent of comments about Smitherman were deemed positive , with 26 per cent negative and 67 per cent neutral .
Gladney said reaction to the former deputy premier ’s transit plan drove the negative chatter , as well as questions about his record in cabinet .
Joe Pantalone , deputy mayor and standard - bearer for many of Mayor David Miller ’s policies , is “ pretty nondescript ” online , with 81 per cent of comments deemed neutral .
Councillor Giorgio Mammoliti ’s radical policies , including arming bylaw control officers and turning the Gardiner Expressway over to transit and pedestrians , “ are not being received positively online — in fact , almost universally negatively . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Polls suggesting growing voter support for Women ’s Post publisher Sarah Thomson , whose platform revolves around expanding the subway , were n’t reflected in the social media chatter , Gladney said .
“ There was a general lack of awareness about who she is or if she ’s even running . ”
Movie Review : The Secret in Their Eyes . Directed by Juan Campanella , starring Ricardo Darin and Soledad Villamil
Award - winning Argentine film covers 25 years in the seemingly plain life of an employee in a criminal court .
The same period includes the end of the government ’s “ dirty war ” against Argentine youth , the return of the Peronistas , the economic disaster and the subsequent rejection of the International Monetary Fund .
The characters in the story are aware of historical developments , but not primarily concerned with them .
In a way , it ’s amazing but , at the same time , comforting to realize that people had lives and personal concerns apart from the politics of the time .
The movie is a murder mystery , a crime - and - punishment saga , and one or two or three of the sadder love stories yet told on film .
The central theme is neither murder nor love , but defining the parameters for a decent life on this planet .
For some , the movie will drag on .
The run time is just over two hours .
There are , after all , 25 years to cover .
The plot is thin .
But the characters are fascinating , and the nuanced acting and directing are hypnotic .
My movie buddy admitted that she dozed off once , but we both loved finding out the secrets in their eyes .
Last week , we discussed The New York Times ' article on " haute - stoner cuisine " and , in response , we offered up some dishes from local restaurants that totally speak to the high mind .
This sparked ( ha ! ) some discussion regarding much more low - brow , what 's - left - in - the - pantry culinary invention .
The City of Ate has polled um , some , uh , nearby people and come up with 13 of our favorite stoner combos .
The list ranges from fairly appetizing to laughable to just plain sad , so if you 're reading this post - toke , proceed with caution .
13 . Sugar - Free Peep S'more :
The idea behind this one is n't too far off the norm , but the shoving an innocent Peep on a stick and charring him over the campfire adds a entirely different feeling .
So does the burnt sugar substitute .
It adds socks to your teeth that do n't want to come off anytime soon .
12 . WhataSnickers : Ever eaten a Snickers ?
Sure you have .
Ever eaten a Snickers after dipping it in leftover Whataburger cream gravy ?
Do n't !
11 . Carrots and honey :
This , again from an anonymous source , was mentioned not only for its strange foodfellows , but for its homey thoughtfulness .
Says the smoker , " The honey soothes the throat if your apparatus does n't temper things before [ you inhale ] . "
10 .
Tiny chicken Parmesan sandwiches :
When crafted with frozen nuggs and canned tomato sauce , this takes on a distinct " we 're too stoned to order food " vibe .
9. Twinkie and Doritos :
The exact verbiage on this one is important .
Says the smoker , " I once ate a Twinkie bisected by Nacho Cheese Doritos . "
Hand gestures were offered .
Demonstrations mimed .
8. Apple butter and French bread : Does n't seem all that strange , again .
But one of the things about the munchies is not necessarily the desired ingredient , but the quantity of food you 're willing ( and able ) to consume .
Consider that in this particular instance , the recipe called for 1 /2 a jar of apple butter and an entire loaf of French bread .
* Honorable mention for quantity : Someone ate an entire cereal bowl of green olives .
7. Scotch egg : A Scotch egg is essentially a hard - boiled egg fully encapsulated in ground sausage , battered and deep fried .
The amazing thing is , in this case , our anecdotal stoner had never actually heard of one before he crafted his .
6. Potato salad sandwich :
Not a good scene .
Just suck it up and shamelessly polish off that tub of store - bought potato salad with a fork and call it a night .
Bread does n't make it go down any easier .
5. " Shame Spread " :
The preface to this should probably read , " This person , though in their 30s , has the pantry of an 80 - year - old . "
A mix of Old English cheese spread , Underwood 's Deviled Ham and cream cheese was once concocted and then spread on , not crackers , as you might expect , but Ruffles potato chips .
Baby dill pickles are an optional garnish .
4. WTF Cocktail : Jim Beam , Mountain Dew and Jolly Ranchers ( flavors unspecified ) .
We think you can tell this did not end well .
3. " Fat Sandwich " : Developed by one of our staffers as a child , it was later perfected during high times .
Prepare open - face ; apply mayo and Parmesan cheese to two slices of bread .
Top with cotto salami and more parmesan .
Broil .
" Smush " halves together .
Toast outside of bread in pan if desired .
2 . Cheese salad :
In a bowl grate cheddar ( or Colby Jack , though preferably cheddar upon retrospect ) .
Mix in Bacos and Fritos .
Proportions are subjective .
What is not subjective , however , is the instruction to " eat with spoon . "
Apparently , this is key .
Also , the question of dressing was met with a mildly accusing stare , so , um , no dressing .
1. Dorito - ed eggs : Attempts to recreate this dish sober , at least to the extremes of awesome it met originally , have failed .
It 's a basic deviled egg recipe -- and yes , with the fresh and finely diced pickles -- only it lacks paprika and instead includes an unknown amount of crushed Doritos in the mixture ... oh , and a Doritos " flag " on top of each one .
MAJOR UPDATE : PLEASE CLICK HERE FOR THE MOST CURRENT MAY 2010 TIER LIST
So this has been in the works for a while now , believe it or not -- the first true iPlayWinner tier list !
This whole project was directed by Ryan " Filipino Champ " Ramirez as he contacted many top players across the country ( Justin Wong , Floe , Marn , John Choi , Ricky Ortiz , Keno , Tatsu -- the list goes on and on , it really does ) to get their input on certain match ups -- so rest assured this is n't just one players opinion !
We finished punching in all the data and getting it organized a couple days ago and here it is for everyone 's viewing pleasure !
On the right you 'll see the different ranks for all the characters , and on the left you can click the image to see the match up chart to get an idea on how they got there .
CLICK FOR FULL MATCH UP CHARTA + : Rufus , Akuma
A : Abel , Dictator , Ryu , Chun Li , Boxer , E. Honda
B+ : Zangief , Ibuki , Sagat , Guile , Blanka
B : Cammy , T. Hawk , Juri , El Fuerte , Dhalsim , Ken , C. Viper
C+ : Seth , Fei Long , DeeJay , Cody , Dudley , Adon , Gouken , Rose
C : Gen , Claw , Guy , Hakan
D : Makoto , Sakura , Dan
Now , the idea here is we will continue to update this tier list each month based on the opinions of top players around the world .
So , do n't be surprised if you see things change up a bit over the next couple months as more players learn about the new characters and strategies with the current cast .
You can always view the most current tier list here : iPlayWinner Super Street Fighter 4 Tier List
Sitzen Sie gerade in einem Bürostuhl , während Sie dies lesen ?
Gut für Sie .
Es besteht eine gute Chance , dass Sie sich in einer Leseposition befinden , etwas zurückgelehnt , entspannt , mit den Füßen auf dem Tisch .
Der Grund für diese Überlegung liegt in der Vielseitigkeit und Leistungsfähigkeit des Bürostuhls , wenn er im Gaming Stuhl verwendet wird .
Sicher , für solche Dinge ist er gut geeignet .
Praktische Dinge , E - Mails bearbeiten , die Präsentation beenden .
Aber was ist mit Spielen ?
Sind normale Bürostühle gut für Gaming Stuhl ?
Ja , sie sind auch für lange Stunden vor dem Computer gedacht , aber die Frage ist , kann Ihr Rücken einen halbtägigen langen Gaming - Lauf mit einem normalen Bürostuhl überstehen ?
Okay , das mag zu subjektiv sein , also nehmen wir an , Ihre Spielroutine beträgt 12 Stunden pro Tag , und Sie machen das fast täglich .
Nach ein paar Wochen oder so würde ein Hardcore - Gamer den Unterschied spüren .
Vergleich Bürostuhl oder Gaming Stuhl ?
Gaming - Stuhl ist aus ergonomischen Gründen so konzipiert , wie er war .
Im Spielbetrieb besitzen sie die Ergonomie - Kronenkategorie .
Irgendwann in Ihrem Leben haben
Sie sich sicherlich einmal mit einem normalen Bürostuhl zufrieden gegeben , während Sie unzählige Nächte mit Spielen verbracht haben .
Das ist doch in Ordnung , oder ?
Aber mit der Zeit neigt er dazu , die Beweglichkeit und die Funktionen , die ihm fehlen , zu zerstören .
Fangen wir mit der Rückenlehne an .
Ein normaler Bürostuhl hat normalerweise eine Rückenlehne , die nicht den gesamten Rücken einer Person bedeckt .
Das ist für viele eine große Sache .
Vergleicht man ihn mit einem Gaming Stuhl , der eine grössere und längere Rückenlehne hat , mit komplettem Kopfstützenkissen und Schulterstütze , nun , das ist rein selbsterklärend , auf dem man das bessere Gefühl hat .
Die meisten Marken von Gaming - Stühlen , wie die in diesem
Test verglichen von Gamer Crave , haben sich auch an das Design des Schalensitzes angepasst , ähnlich wie bei Rennwagen .
Während es Gamer gibt , die sich mit normalen Bürostühlen praktisch wohlfühlen , macht die Anpassung des Schalensitzdesigns in Gaming - Stühlen den Stuhl revolutionär und zuverlässiger bei langen Spielstunden .
Ein normaler Bürostuhl verfügt in der Regel über eine Sitzhöhenverstellung , Armlehnen , eine federunterstützte , zurücklehnende Rückenlehne , eine 360 - Grad-Sitzdrehung – all dies sind großartige Merkmale .
Und diese Eigenschaften sind gut für das , was sie sind .
Die Sache ist die , dass jedes dieser Merkmale von dem , was Gaming - Stuhl hat , übertroffen wird .
Dies ist nur ein Hinweis darauf , warum Gaming - Stuhl die bessere Option für Spiele sind .
Das ist kein Argument , denn es gibt seriöse Spieler , die Bürostühle bevorzugen , ungeachtet der offensichtlichen Gründe , warum Gaming - Stuhlstühle Sie beruhigen .
Es gibt Faktoren wie die Größe , das Gewicht und die Spielgewohnheiten eines Spielers zu berücksichtigen , und einige kleine Details , die zu wenig sind von dem , was wir von der kommerziellen Seite der Dinge sehen .
Um die Frage zu beantworten : Ja , normale Bürostühle könnten auch für das Spielen gut sein .
Aber um von den körperlichen Anforderungen unseres Körpers zu sprechen , wenn Sie ein normaler Gamer sind , ist es besser , in einen anständigen Gaming Stuhl zu investieren .
Cousteau Society Ship ' Alcyone '
The Alcyone is a ship operated by the Cousteau Society .
It was created as an expedition ship and to test the operation of a new kind of marine propulsion system , the turbosail .
The Alcyone is equipped with two of these unusual sails , which are used to augment its diesel engines .
And why this innocuous Israeli comedy ?
“ Because it was there , ” she said .
“ We replaced it by ‘ Rachel , ’ ” a documentary made by Simone Bitton , a Moroccan - born , French - Israeli director who emigrated to Israel with her family as a child , served in the Israeli Army , became a pacifist and mostly lives in France .
She also made a 2004 documentary , “ Wall , ” about the Israeli security barrier that cuts inside the occupied West Bank .
The ban was widely criticized by the French press , including the Catholic daily newspaper La Croix , which reminded readers that the Israeli cinema , “ during these last years , offers the international public films of great quality , without compromise , and very critical ” of Israeli policy and society , while the government of Israel continues to provide financing .
Le Monde called the boycott censorship and part of a dangerous trend , as various French cultural festivals consider banning Israeli performers and Western performers choose to boycott Israel .
“ The flotilla assault is hard to defend , but the boycott is an unacceptable answer , ” the paper editorialized .
“ It is counterproductive .
It helps to weaken Israeli voices and eyes who are the most uncompromising about their government .
If there is one country in which artists explore with talent and lucidity their state , their society , their leaders and their politics , it is Israel . ”
Utopia relented after an Israeli - Dutch director , Ludi Boeken , told the company he was withdrawing his film , “ Saviors in the Night , ” from its cinemas “ in solidarity with the censored . ”
Mr. Boeken said that Israeli filmmakers and Israeli state financing for them were “ under constant attack from the Israeli right . ”
Finally on Thursday , the culture minister of France , Frédéric Mitterrand , wrote Ms. Faucon a belated but stinging letter , speaking of “ my incomprehension and my disapproval ” of the cancellation and noting that the chain received government subsidies to encourage diversity of programming .
Mr. Mitterrand said that cinema “ plays an essential role in invigorating democratic debate and that is why respect for the freedom of expression of artists cannot be limited , and the opinions that you assert must not stand in its way . ”
Ms. Faucon answered Mr. Mitterrand and said that the protest “ was a symbolic and limited gesture ” and that Utopia had always planned to release the Israeli comedy at some point .
She called “ Rachel ” “ a film that corresponds perfectly to this mission of participating in democratic debate . ”
Mr. Prasquier said that the French government was sensitive to manifestations of anti-Semitism and to the difficulty of separating them from criticism of Israel .
“ But there are trends in the society that are very unpleasant , ” he said .
He noted that during anti-Israel and pro-Palestinian demonstrations last week , tear gas was used and “ the slogans were extremely harsh . ”
Unfortunately , he said , they no longer shock .
“ We are getting used to them as a society , and this is very bad . ”
Cameron tells BP chairman he's ' frustrated ' by oil spill crisis - but urges British oil giant to remain strong in face of U.S. backlash
Clegg warns against transatlantic ' tit - for - tat '
Now there 's anger in U.S. at Obama 's rhetoric
BP chairman holds talks with George Osborne
Now he 'll meet Obama at the White House
Dividend could be slashed to appease U.S .
Shares climb back 7.2 % on FTSE
Leak could be double previous estimates
More than 150 class action law suits filed
David Cameron today told the BP chairman he was ' frustrated and concerned ' about the oil spill crisis after the Government held their first talks with the firm about the disaster .
The Prime Minister told Carl - Henric Svanberg it was in ' everyone 's interest ' that the British multinational stayed strong and stable during a ' constructive ' phone call .
Mr Svanberg met Chancellor George Osborne in Downing Street , where he also spoke to Mr Cameron who is currently on his way back from Afghanistan .
He said afterwards : ' I think we have done everything we can to try to fill the well and we have said we would do everything expected from us in cleaning up the beach , taking care of all the claims and learn from this incident and make deepsea drilling an even safer place . '
Mr Svanberg refused to comment about Barack Obama 's attacks on his firm , whether the Prime Minister should be more supportive and on the prospect it could slash its dividend .
The BP board is meeting on Monday to decide whether to suspend or reduce the £ 10 billion handout and the chairman has been summoned to the White House for a showdown on Wednesday .
Today 's talks in Downing Street came after Nick Clegg today called for an end to the ' megaphone diplomacy ' over the crisis .
Row : David Cameron , in Kabul yesterday , told BP chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg ( right ) he was ' frustrated and concerned ' about the oil spill crisis
Weighing in : Nick Clegg arriving at the Nueva Economia Forum breakfast meeting in Madrid today
Barack Obama has been accused of ' buck passing '
The Deputy Prime Minister weighed into the transatlantic row over the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico which has been sparked by outspoken criticism of the British firm by President Obama .
Mr Clegg insisted ' tit - for - tat ' attacks were unhelpful , in an apparent swipe at the U.S. President 's comments about the British company .
His intervention came as U.S. politicians and analysts launched a furious backlash against President Obama 's ' finger pointing ' and warned talking down the firm will damage the economy .
Mr Cameron and the U.S. leader will discuss the oil spill for the first time by phone tomorrow , with the Prime Minister under intense pressure to stick up for British interests .
Mr Clegg 's comments , made today at the Nueva Economic Forum in Madrid , have raised the stakes as Britain and the U.S. teeter on the brink of a major diplomatic row .
IS SPILL TWICE AS BIG ?
The oil slick spewing into the Gulf of Mexico is twice as large as previously thought , according to new figures from the US government .
Latest estimates suggest that up to 84 million gallons ( 380 million litres ) of crude oil have gushed into the sea in the last few weeks - and that the broken well was leaking 1.4 million gallons every day at its peak .
Environmentalists seized on the latest figures as proof that BP has been underplaying the scale of the disaster but British engineers insist the claims should be taken with a pinch of salt .
The new figures follow an assessment by scientists on behalf of the White House and coordinated by the US Geological Survey .
BP had estimated that up to 19,000 barrels a day was leaking from the well before they managed to partially contain the spill at the start of the month .
' The lowest estimate that we 're seeing that the scientists think is credible is probably about 20,000 barrels a day , and the highest that we 're seeing is probably a little over 40,000 , ' said Marcia McNutt , director of the US Geological Survey .
That means anything from 35 million to 84 million gallons of oil have already fouled the waters - and that more oil is flowing in an hour than officials once claimed was spilling in an entire day .
It is the third time the U.S. government has increased its estimate for the leak but the figures are still provisional , and different teams of scientist have come up with different numbers .
A recent estimate from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute came up with higher estimates using sonar - estimating between 800,000 to 1.7 million gallons a day .
The US Geological Survey said the more credible numbers were lower .
It believes a more likely estimate is 52 million gallons spilling since the rig exploded in April .
Ms McNutt said the most credible range at the moment was between 700,000 and 1.4 million gallons a day .
By comparison , Exxon Valdez , the previous worst US oil spill , was just about 9 million gallons .
' I 'm not going to start intervening in a debate which clearly risks descending into megaphone diplomacy , ' the Lib Dem leader said .
' I think everyone is united on both sides of Atlantic - obviously , quite rightly , and understandably within U.S. administration and I 'm sure within BP itself - to deal with this problem .
It is an ecological catastrophe .
It does need to be dealt with . '
He added : ' I do n't , frankly , think we will reach a solution to stopping release of oil into the ocean any quicker by allowing this to spiral into a tit for tat political diplomatic spat .
' So I and the whole of the British Government want to play our role , as much as we can , our constructive role , to find a solution to what is a huge environmental disaster . '
Of today 's phone call , No10 said : ' The Prime Minister explained that he was frustrated and concerned about the environmental damage caused by the leak but made clear his view that BP is an economically important company in the UK , US and other countries .
' He said that it is in everyone 's interests that BP continues to be a financially strong and stable company .
Mr Svanberg made clear that BP will continue to do all that it can to stop the oil spill , clean up the damage and meet all legitimate claims for compensation .
' The Prime Minister said that he would raise the issue - and discuss these points - in his call with President Obama tomorrow .
Earlier , Chancellor George Osborne and senior officials met with Mr Svanberg in Downing Street to discuss the crisis . '
It came after Mr Cameron caused dismay yesterday by appearing to side with President Obama as another £ 5 billion was wiped off the value of BP shares .
In his first response to the crisis , he failed to back demands from other senior Tories , including London Mayor Boris Johnson , for an end to ' anti- British rhetoric , buck - passing and name - calling ' by the U.S .
BP - whose shares climbed back today - is also now considering bowing to the U.S. leader 's demand and scrapping its dividend for shareholders .
The move would hit millions of pensions in Britain .
Since the accident on April 20 , BP - which accounts for £ 1 in every £ 7 paid out in dividends to British pension pots - has lost £ 55 billion from its stock market value .
Its problems threaten the wider economy because most British insurance companies , building societies and pension funds have large holdings of the firm 's shares .
Shares did rise back today - up 8 per cent on the FTSE following a 12 per cent surge on Wall Street overnight as rumours of a possible takeover took hold .
But experts believe the failure to stem the damage from the spill has left the beleaguered firm vulnerable to a takeover or even ' Chapter 11 ' bankruptcy in America .
In a sign of the huge anger in the U.S. at the vast environmental damage caused by the spill , a BP petrol station in America was shot at and calls for a boycott of its forecourts are gathering pace .
The company is adamant it can meet the costs of sorting out the spill but there is also the possibility of punishment by the U.S. government and scores of law suits have already been filed .
More than 150 class actions have been lodged against BP by fishermen , businesses and property owners claiming economic losses because of the spill .
Four families of workers killed in the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion on April 20 have also now sued its owner Transocean , BP and other companies involved in its operation .
The cases seek unspecified damages and are pending in federal courts in Houston and New Orleans .
The oil giant is now believed to be ready to sacrifice its dividend as long as the U.S. tones down its relentless attacks .
' We are considering all options on the dividend .
But no decision has been made , ' Mr Hayward told the Wall Street Journal .
For British investors , particularly pension funds , the move would be a disaster .
Last year 's dividend was worth around £ 7 billion .
Unperturbed : Sun worshippers catching rays on Orange Beach , Alabama despite the clean - up operation
Rescue : The Discover Enterprise sits over the leak site as it burns off crude in Gulf Shores , Alabama
There was further woe as U.S. experts claimed as many as 40,000 barrels of oil might have been gushing from the leak every day - double some estimates .
They accused BP of a ' fatal miscalculation ' in failing to realise the scale of the spill earlier which they believe has undermined efforts to stem the flow .
Ian MacDonald , professor of oceanography at Florida State University , said it had meant ' this crisis has continued for much longer with much greater release of oil than would have been necessary had they made much more accurate flow rates at the very start . '
Mr Cameron , speaking in Kabul yesterday where he is visiting British troops , conspicuously failed to express his explicit support for the crisis - torn firm .
' I completely understand the U.S. government 's frustration because it's catastrophic for the environment , ' the Prime Minister declared .
Hours later , Chancellor George Osborne attempted to calm the row by insisting Mr Cameron was well aware of the 'economic value BP brings to people in Britain and America ' .
Downing Street said the Prime Minister would speak to President Obama about the disaster for the first time this weekend .
The pair have not spoken formally since the day the Tory PM entered No10 .
Until now , the Government has attempted to keep its distance from the row caused by the massive oil leak following an explosion on a platform in the Gulf of Mexico .
But amid growing warnings from business leaders and MPs that the White House 's rhetoric is fuelling a collapse in confidence in the company 's future , Mr Cameron has now been dragged to the heart of the affair .
Asked if he intended to raise the issue with President Obama , he said : ' I 'm sure BP and what 's happened on the Gulf coast will be something we will discuss .
' I completely understand the U.S. government 's frustration because it's an environmental catastrophe .
The most important thing is to mitigate the effects of the leak and get to the root of the problem .
President Obama 's vituperative remarks about BP - and his administration 's insistence on calling it ' British Petroleum ' , a name it ditched a decade ago - have now sparked anger on his own shores as well as in the UK .
He has said he is looking for ' ass to kick ' at BP , and that he would have sacked the firm 's chief executive Mr Hayward .
Phil Flynn , an analyst at PFGBest Research in Chicago , likened President Obama to the sharp - tongued Russian prime minister .
' I feel like I 'm listening to Vladimir Putin .
I think the advice to act angry and lash out at BP may make some people feel better , but it 's sending the wrong message to our trading partners across the globe , ' he said .
And Professor Michael Bailey from Georgetown University cautioned against going too far .
' If it were to get to such an extreme where BP would have to close up shop ... obviously that would be catastrophic , ' he said .
David Gergen , a former adviser to Republican and Democratic presidents , said : ' As understandable as it has been to lash out , the wiser course would appear to be standing shoulder to shoulder with BP to get the problem fixed and save the finger - pointing ... until after the hole is plugged . '
Republican Mitt Romney , who could run for the presidency in 2012 , wrote in USA Today : ' We have become accustomed to his management style -- target a scapegoat , assign blame and go on the attack .
But what may make good politics does not make good leadership .
And when a crisis is upon us , America wants a leader , not a politician . '
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs insisted : ' I think the criticism that somehow we 've been too harsh - I do n't think that matches up with the reality or the rhetoric that we 've used .
' Our focus has not been on anything other than ensuring that the responsibilities of those responsible for this disaster -- that they keep those commitments . '
Threat to wildlife : A brown pelican flies over oil - soaked containment booms in Louisiana
Lord [ Digby ]
Jones , the former trade minister , said Mr Cameron should ' take the argument back to America ' .
' I would expect him to stand up more for a British company , ' he said .
' I would look to hear David Cameron say : " You 've got some other people to shoulder the blame here , and they happen to be Americans " .
' Obama is saying to himself : " How can I distance myself from this problem ? "
His answer is to throw BP to the wolves . '
He kept up the pressure today , insisting that Mr Cameron should be a ' bit more forceful ' .
' America has previous on being a little bit protectionist , making sure that a company takes the rap .
I do n't want BP falling foul of domestic pork barrel politics with mid-term elections coming up , ' he told the BBC .
' It was an American company that built this [ rig ] , it was an American company that operated it , it 's an American regulator that told these people not to go shallow but go out deep where the technology is at the borders of what we can do .
It 's the American population that take (s ) the black stuff and turns it into their gas guzzlers . '
Tory MP Richard Ottaway , chairman of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee , added : ' We have to keep diplomatic channels open , and I 'm sure they are .
What this means is calm and mature consideration rather than banging drums in public .
David Cameron is quite capable of standing up to BP in private - but I think it should stay in private rather than escalate the war over the airwaves . '
John Napier , chairman of Royal Sun Alliance - one of the City 's biggest insurers - last night published an open letter to President Obama accusing him of being grossly unfair .
In a brutal attack , Mr Napier said : ' There is a sense here that these attacks are being made because BP is British . '
It goes on to accuse Mr Obama of ' double standards ' , who should be reminded of the damage which American banks have wreaked on the global financial system .
And London Mayor Boris Johnson said : ' I would like to see a bit of cool heads rather than endlessly buck - passing and name - calling . '
Pensions Minister Lord Freud has suggested UK pension funds may be to blame for investing too heavily in one company .
In a House of Lords debate , Lord Freud said that of all the dividends paid last year by FTSE 100 companies , BP was responsible for around 14 per cent .
He said : ' This raises the question ... To what extent are pension funds acting responsibly with regard to their ownership responsibilities to companies ?'
Stop the anti-British bias , say City chiefs
By Becky Barrow and Karl West
One of the biggest names in business yesterday led a City backlash against President Obama 's critical treatment of BP .
The intervention came from John Napier , chairman of one of the country 's biggest insurers Royal Sun Alliance .
He was backed up by former trade minister Lord Jones who insisted : ' Obama is saying to himself " How can I distance myself from this problem ? " .
His answer is to throw BP to the wolves . '
Yesterday Mr Napier , 67 , published an open letter to Barack Obama accusing the President of being grossly unfair in his approach to the embattled oil company .
He wrote : ' There is a sense here these attacks are being made because BP is British . '
The letter goes on to accused Mr Obama of ' double standards ' after the damage which American banks caused on the global financial system .
Mr Napier also accuses Obama of being ' somewhat prejudicial and personal ' towards BP 's boss Tony Hayward .
He writes : ' The immediate issues are very challenging but are best solved together in a more statesmanlike way .
The leak may take time to fix , and it will be , but Afghanistan and Iraq will take much longer .
' We can all agree that the first and absolute priority is to stem the leak .
Perhaps the second one is to ensure the reputation of the Presidency outside the U.S.A is seen as objective , balanced , able and capable of taking the heat when under pressure .
' We liked the Obama we saw at your election .
Can we have more of it , please ? '
Last night , RSA insisted Mr Napier 's comments were made in a personal capacity .
But asked on Sky News why he had ' taken a pop ' at President Obama , Mr Napier said : ' Have I had a pop at him ?
Not at all .
I 've just put on record my concerns about the tone that has developed , particularly about the personalisation of issues which is alien to us and our culture and the fact that it 's being received over here as an anti British rhetoric . '
He added : ' That may not be his intent but that 's how it 's reading and you do n't have to take my word for that , you have only got to read the press around me and there are dangers in that and I think there are concerns and therefore I 'm raising those concerns legitimately and moderately . '
Mr Napier went on to say his letter had been ' moderate ' and ' supportive ' and was also giving the President ' good feedback ' .
When asked whether his views were shared in the City , Mr Napier added : ' This is not an RSA view , this is my personal view and as a person who is very interested in the interplay between business and politics therefore I have expressed these concerns .
A source close to Mr Napier said he is an ' admirer and supporter ' of President Obama , but that he had grown tired of pot -shots at BP because it is a British company .
The source added : ' John feels the comments have turned prejudicial because BP is a British company and that is not the new politics promised by Obama and it is not helpful .
' The language has gone from being critical of the leak to going a step beyond . '
David Buik , from broker BGC Partners , said : ' I just think invective and hysterical rhetoric from the world 's leading statesman is very counterproductive when dealing with a serious commercial problem which does not require political input .
' The fact remains the U.S. government needs to satisfy itself that BP has the financial resources to meet its obligations - and apart from that BP should be left alone . '
One of the many compelling reasons why Mozilla Firefox is by far the most used browser by web developers and designers is it ’s variety of Add - Ons that come free , can be easily integrated and used right from the browser .
Mozilla has a complete section for all kinds of Add - Ons available at Firefox Add - Ons page .
There are some must have Add - Ons that every web developer should have no matter what .
Then there are a few essential Add - Ons for web masters to monitor and optimize their web pages and then there are other " icing on the cake " Add - Ons that you will love to play with .
Starting with the essential Web Developer Add - Ons , here is the list :
This is definitely a prized possession for every web developer .
GreaseMonkey is an alternate page - rendering engine for Firefox customizes the way a webpage loads by editing and adding your own JavaScript snippets .
There is literally hundreds of FREE plug-ins already available on UserScripts that use GreaseMonkey and enrich your browsing experience .
Plug-ins like the " Facebook Dislike button " and " YouTube Video Downloader " are among the many freely available plug-ins that use GreaseMonkey .
The name says it all .
This is another awesome Add - On for Web Developers and UI Engineers to monitor the rendering of a webpage with the help of several tools lined up on the tools panel .
Web Developer lets you control different aspects of a web page including the CSS modules of a page , controlling " forms " appearing on the page , minimizing page load times by optimizing images that render on the webpage and a lot more features .
It supports Windows , OS X and Linux environments .
FireBug is yet another must have for web developers to monitor the performance of each element of their webpages live within the browser .
You get to monitor the rendering times and performance of your CSS elements , JavaScript load times as well as an extensive timeline showing which element gets called at what time during the loading of the web page .
There are some web development Add - Ons that use FireBug engine in the back end so even if you do not plan to use FireBug 's you might still need it .
If you want to take a closer look at how your web pages are performing on Firefox ( and other browsers of course ) then YSlow is the definite choice .
It dissects every element of a webpage , from the simplest of HTML tags to CSS style sheets , to images and displays the combined performance and rates the web page according to a defined rule set .
You can define your own performance rule set through which performance of a webpage would be measured .
Not only does it analyze the performance of your webpages but it also suggests possible changes to help improve their performance .
YSlow uses the FireBug engine in the back end and supports Windows , Mac OS X and Linux environments .
It 's really handy for web designers to inspect individual CSS elements of a webpage especially when designing pages or taking inspiration from a design or even when you just want to do a straight copy too .
CSS Viewer integrates into Firefox and lets you inspect each CSS element when you simply hover over it .
You may turn it off when you are just browsing and do n't want to inspect CSS elements of the webpage .
The name says it all .
If you did n't know , you can play with Firefox 's advance settings but if you do not want to ruin your current settings and browsing experience then Fasterfox lets you do that in a more user friendly manner .
It allows you to tweak network settings and through it 's smart " pre-fetching " option , it caches all the links of the page you are visiting .
Flash
Ads blocker is also bundled with this Ad - On .
FireFTP is the FTP client that you can easily integrate into your Firefox and it lets you transfer files over FTP with advanced features such as SFTP , SSL 32 - bit encryption , Folder comparison , Directory syncing etc .
This FTP client is super light and does not need to be started separately when you want to do transfers over FTP .
It matches any other advanced desktop - based FTP client in functionality and performance .
This is yet another Ad - On that is targeted for Firebug users .
It lets you log your Firebug consoles , which helps in debugging the AJAX code snippets in your pages without interfering with the normal webpage rendering .
It defines a separate header for communicating debugging data .
You need to have Firebug and a PHP library pre-installed to make use of this Ad - On .
For web designers , grid based designs are the way to go and it's one of the most common design practices being used by websites of the like of Yahoo , Wired , The New York Times etc.
Gridfox integrates into Firefox and let 's you analyze the grid base of any webpage by letting you lay the grid of your choice over the page and see if the elements conform to the grid based design .
It would be better to classify Pixel Perfect as Firebug Add - On rather then Firefox Add- On since it allows you to monitor pixel information of an image in real time while Firebug engine is running .
Besides this , you can lay your complete designed composition over an existing HTML webpage and see the results .
Spelled Code-ech .
It gives you the feel of Dreamweaver right inside Firefox by letting you view , edit and save documents even while you 're browsing .
You will need to have Firebug pre-installed to make use of Codetch .
You can open the complete element structure of your webpages and inspect and edit elements of it and then preview them on the side panel .
For dynamic webpages , web developers often have to inspect headers of the page and usually they do it manually by inspecting the source of the returned pages .
With Live HTTP Headers Firefox extension , you can view HTTP Headers as they come in while the page is loading .
How could we miss SEO Add - Ons for Firefox ?
SEO for Firefox is among the most popular and comes packed with a whole bunch of stats tools that helps SEO experts and webmasters to keep a watch on the rankings of their pages and also to analyze and optimize the SEO performance of their web pages .
It lets you monitor your Alexa and Compete traffic rankings , Google PR , Link density on your pages , Keyword analysis etc .
X - Ray let 's you view the source for pages that you have opened on Firefox without doing the extra two clicks for viewing the source of the webpage .
It displays the source next to the page itself .
It has not been updated for Firefox 3.X so you can use it only if you have an older version of Firefox .
Aardvark is no ordinary Ad - blocker .
It removes elements of the page , of your choosing , for better viewing as well as extracting the printer friendly version of a webpage .
Not all webpages have Print versions and if you want to print a webpage you have to go through a cumbersome way of extracting text and images from it and then printing them .
Aardvark lets you do that in an interactive manner right from Firefox .
JavaScript debugging is a must for UI designers and engineers alike .
Normally you use 3rd party tools to analyze how your JS code snippets are performing on browsers .
With JS Debugger for Firefox , you can debug your JS snippets live from Firefox .
If you want to take screenshots of webpages and save them in multiple sizes and maybe also add text on them then you can do this all right inside Firefox with FireShot extension for Firefox .
Unlike other screenshot taking tools , FireShot lets you edit them as well like adding text or image connotations to the partial or full webpage screenshots .
Multi browser viewing capability is a must - have for any good web - design or development tool because designers need to see how the pages look like on other popular browsers .
With IE View extension for Firefox , all you need to do to view pages on IE mode is simply right click on open pages and click " View in IE " .
Just like IE View , Opera View also makes use of the Flock engine to allow you to view the pages you have currently opened on Firefox in Opera .
Obviously , you need to have Opera installed because this will use Opera 's rendering engine to render the webpage .
20 . Total Validator
A web design is professionally created only when it 's HTML and CSS elements as a whole pass the validation rules set by W3C .
With Total Validator Firefox extension , web designers can check whether their designed pages are following the validation rules .
It 's useful for checking validation from HTML version 2.0 to XHTML 1.1
Poster if for web developers who want to generate and send standard GET and POST requests along with all the parameters and headers required and also get responses .
Developers can set complete body inside the POST request .
This Firefox extension comes in handy for interacting with Web Services and other dynamic webpages .
Besides inspecting HTML and CSS elements of a webpage , designers also need to pick and choose colors of multiple pixels in a page and save them in a custom palette for later use .
With ColorZilla extension for Firefox , you can view color information for any pixel on a page , measure distance between two pixels on a webpage , pick and drop pixel colors on a custom palette besides other features .
This is an awesome creative Firefox extension which lets web designers extract color schemes from any image from any webpage they have opened and save that scheme to be used in any of their designs .
We all know that color aesthetics require that the images used in a webpage have to follow the color scheme of the page and this is where you can use ColorSuckr .
Palette grabber is yet another Firefox extension aimed for web designers to extract color information of the web pages they visit on Firefox .
It let 's them generate a palette that can be used in any design tool including Dream Weaver , Photoshop etc .
The palette is generated based on the colors of the elements including images in the webpage .
Font Finder Firefox Add- On is for web designers and typographers who want to grab , edit and preview different fonts on an opened webpage .
This plug - in gives extensive font information and allows designers to try different font styles on a webpage to see which one goes with the theme of the page .
This comes in handy for synchronizing all of your login IDs , passwords , and bookmarks across browsers and computers .
This Firefox Add- On is not only for developers and designers but for anyone who wants to synchronize everything they browse across multiple machines .
It also adds rankings right next to Google and other search engine results .
It does n't just sync bookmarks but will also ' optionally ' sync tabs you 've opened on Firefox .
Once you have all or most of the above listed extensions installed , you definitely need a way to back them all up in case your OS crashes .
FEBE which is short for Firefox Environment Extension backs up all your Firefox Add - Ons and creates their .xpi files which means you can do a clean install of these Add - Ons on other machines as well .
This Firefox Add- On lets you take measurements of any element on a webpage .
The measurements are taken in pixels and you can place the scale anywhere on the page .
This extension definitely comes in handy for web designers creating multiple versions of their designs targeted for different screen sizes .
Window Resizer Firefox Add- On also lets web designers to test their designs for multiple standard screen sizes and see whether the alignment is maintained across all the popular screen sizes .
The screen sizes to which you can scale your pages are : 640x480 , 800x600 , 1024x768 , 1280x800 , 1280x1024 , and 1600x1200 .
The procedure to switch to any resolution is pretty simple ; a button is integrated right next to the address bar of Firefox .
Coming last on the list does not mean it's a useless Add - On .
In fact Dust - Me Selectors is pretty essential for Design Usability and Optimization jobs where you have to extract unused CSS selectors on your pages so that the CSS elements that are taking idle load time are removed from the pages .
Written
Could a young person ( is 35 still young ? ) with strong legs and little money find the same spirit of hospitality that Mr. Leigh Fermor encountered some 76 years ago ?
At the end of March , I set out to find the answer .
With only two weeks free , my plan was to walk from Vienna to Budapest , a 180 - mile route that would connect the old poles of the Austro - Hungarian Empire and track Mr. Leigh Fermor ’s trail as closely as possible , taking me along the Danube to Bratislava , the Slovakian capital , and across the plains of Slovakia south to Hungary  through three countries whose languages , cultures and histories could not be more different , or more intertwined .
It was tempting , the day I arrived in Vienna , to just walk east from the airport , but I could n’t completely skip the Austrian capital , where Mr. Leigh Fermor had spent three weeks among the “ crooked lanes ” and “ facades of broken pediment and tiered shutter . ”
And so I followed his lead , going into the imperial crypt , where the grandest members of the Hapsburg family lay entombed in elaborate sarcophagi , and into the museums , although I shied away from the most famous in favor of oddities like the International Esperanto Museum .
And I luxuriated in storied places like Cafe Alt Wien and Cafe Bendl .
But after two nights in Vienna , I was restless .
So I crossed the Danube , put on my 45 - pound pack and took off down the Donauradweg , a well - kept biking trail that runs from the river ’s source to its mouth at the Black Sea .
To my right , the Danube , more green than blue , sparkled in the cool sunlight , and I encountered fishermen tending their rods , elderly sunbathers , nordic hikers poling along and cyclists speeding in both directions .
This first day , I figured , I ’d take it easy and do only 15 miles .
Ideally , I ’d need to hit 18 miles a day  about six hours of walking  to reach my goal .
It seemed reasonable , especially with the terrain so uniformly flat .
The path , sometimes dirt , sometimes paved , would often stretch so far and straight that I could n’t imagine I ’d ever reach the end , and then I ’d finally hit a slight turn and face the same thing : an art - school lesson in perspective , complete with the first low foothills of the Carpathians at the vanishing point  and a scampering rabbit to remind me this was no still life .
Even with such straightforward terrain , there were snags .
An attempted shortcut through a fuel depot left me with minor scratches and an extra three miles .
But such mistakes have a way of turning out for the best .
Had I stayed on the trail , I would have never crossed paths , two hours later , at the edge of Donau - Auen National Park , with Jean - Marc and Marie , newlywed French cyclists who stopped to say hello when they saw a lone hiker in the middle of nowhere .
They were taking an extended honeymoon : a two - year bicycle journey from their home in Paris  to Japan !
2010 Summer Guide
" For weirdness to flourish , it has to have the right compost made up of dramatic history , amazing environments , and truly unique , off the grid characters , " writes Charmaine Ortega Getz , author of Weird Colorado .
" Colorado is blessed with all three . "
She should know , because she 's been exploring the intersection of these three elements for a new book that chronicles many of this state 's weird , wonderful spots — everything from Bishop 's Castle ( featured in Weird U.S. ) to Cañon City 's Prison Museum to the Alferd G. Packer Memorial Grill at the University of Colorado to the haunted corners of the Denver Botanic Gardens .
And in this guide , she offers up her Top 10 favorite weird places to visit this summer — just the map for a wild road trip .
Info Summer Guide 2010
But you do n't have to love weird to love summer in Colorado .
And you do n't even have to jump on a highway .
You could simply grab a seat at the nearest outdoor patio in downtown Denver and get a complete taste of this state by pouring down local microbrews and enjoying the inevitable sunshine , then the balmy evening air .
That could be enough .
Marijuana Deals Near
You
But there 's more , so much more , to experience .
That 's what Jessica Chapman learned when she told friends she was moving to Denver , and they loaded her up with suggestions for things to do in this city , plus places to see around the state .
She culled through all their ideas and admonitions and came up with her own Top 10 lists : the Top 10 Things for a Newcomer to Do in Denver , and the Top 10 Things for a Newcomer to Do in Colorado ( and , yes , there is a difference ) .
Even if you 've lived here for forty years , though , you never get tired of summer in Colorado — not with a favorite park to picnic in , a new festival to explore , as Jonathan Shikes reveals in his own list : the Top 10 Things for a Native to Do in Denver .
And still , these lists just begin to capture all the wonders of summer in Colorado .
From Buffalo Bill 's Burial Commemoration the first week of June to A Taste of Colorado , the giant festival in Civic Center Park that brings the season to a close over Labor Day ( although the good weather and good times will continue for many more weeks ) , there 's always something to do , always something to see — and quite often , those somethings are free .
So what are you waiting for ?
There 's a world of weird and wonderful things right outside your door .
Get out and enjoy summer in Denver .
Stay Weird and Wonderful , Colorado
Charmaine Ortega Getz was weird before she came to Colorado from her native California more than a dozen years ago — but she was delighted to find that her new home was also filled with weird attractions .
" As a kid , I would read the newspapers , and I would always wonder , ' What happened next ? ' " she says .
" I always thought there was more going on . "
She made it her mission to find out , working as a journalist and always looking for the story beyond the story .
And she did n't give up that habit when she met her future husband , who 'd lived in Colorado all his life , and moved to Boulder to be with him .
She got her MFA at Naropa ( " a different kind of weirdness , " she says ) , slapped her car with a " Keep Boulder Weird " bumpersticker , and started doing some freelance writing .
A fan of Weird New Jersey and its Weird U.S. offshoot ( www.weirdus.com), she scoured the book for references to Colorado , and , finding only one , sent a note to the founders of the Weird series , Mark Moran and Mark Sceurman ( " The Marks , " she calls them ) .
" Gentlemen , " she told them , " you do n't know from weird in Colorado . "
And so the Marks and their publisher invited Getz to share her discoveries not just with them , but with readers across the country , as the author of the just - released Weird Colorado : Your Travel Guide to Colorado 's Local Legends and Best Kept Secrets .
Getz spent more than a year researching the book , traveling around the state and talking to everyone she met .
" Some of the best sources are the teenagers , who will glom on to the urban legends , " she advises .
She tracked down authors who'd put out their own books " about everything that was strange or colorful or oddball or bizarre , " and dug into history .
" What I found out as I was going around was how key it was for many of these small towns to have something unusual , " she says .
" I think every town needs to find the good weirdness and nurture it .
You can nurture pride in your town ; you can nurture a whole tourism economy . "
In fact , she hopes that her book convinces people to get out of town this summer and see these sights for themselves .
Because as she discovered through all her time in journalism , " Truth really is weirder than fiction , " she says .
" There 's always something weird or quirky or strange , not just the ghost stories .
It 's the history . "
After a year of travel and research that resulted in more than 260 pages of weird stories and photos of attractions across Colorado , she knows she 's only started to capture this state 's eccentricities .
" I have not begun to mine the huge vein of weirdness in Colorado , " she says .
" I 've just scratched the surface . "
Want to see what else she 'll dig up ?
Getz will be signing her book at local stores this summer ; she 's also started a blog , http://weirdcoloradan.blogspot.com/, where she 'll update you on her finds .
And to get you started on your own exploration of this state , she 's offered up this list of a few of Colorado 's many - splendored weirdnesses , picked with summer road trips in mind .
Top 10 Weird Places to Visit
Denver area
1. Flossie McGrew's
1824 South Broadway , Denver
303-778-0853
Even if you do n't happen to meet proprietress Grandma Goth , this place is worth checking out for its eclectic , even bizarre inventory of used goods .
Do n't forget to take photos with the fantastic storefront in the background .
2. Morrison
This tiny town , just minutes west of Denver , was founded in 1874 , and nearly every old building has a ghost .
Or so say the residents , who have stories of " shadow people " hovering around the stump of the former Hanging Tree , people in antique garb floating about in eateries , misty faces seen in windows , etc .
And then there 's the legend of the Hatchet Lady ...
Western Slope
3. Canyon Pintado
Along Highway 139 , between Fruita and Rangely
Strange figures , stylized animals and cryptic images left on rocks by ancient Native Americans can be seen at 400 known sites in the Canyon Pintado area , but only sixteen sites have markers — probably because such sites too often become targets of vandalism .
You 're free to look around for more ; just do n't touch 'em .
Take a self - guided tour with the help of brochures you can pick up in Rangely , Grand Junction and Fruita , or find more info at www.rangely.com/CanyonPintado.htm.
4. Mike the Headless Chicken memorial
And speaking of Fruita , this Western Slope town is home to Mike the Headless Chicken .
Even if you missed the annual May tribute to small - town wackiness , you can take a photo of Mike , immortalized in larger - than - life steel , on Mulberry Street .
More information : www.miketheheadlesschicken.org/index.php
Eastern Colorado
Go to the Our Journey website ( www.ourjourney.info/Default.asp) and download a " train ticket " that will give you free admission to twelve Eastern plains historical attractions — several of them featured in Weird Colorado — before September 6 , 2010 .
Particularly not to be missed :
5. World 's Wonder View Tower
30121 Frontage Road , Genoa
719-763-2309
This vintage tourist attraction was once a combination dance hall , motel , gas station , Greyhound bus stop and restaurant .
It 's none of those today , but it still has the prime lure : a tower from which you can See Landmarks in Six States !
And if you can't find a souvenir in the eclectic clutter , then I congratulate you on attaining that yogic level of non-possessiveness that Gandhi spoke of .
6. Kit Carson County Carousel
Kit Carson County Fairgrounds
815 15th Street , Burlington
You may never see another amusement ride like this — a jaw - dropping , restored 1905 antique with the original , individually hand - carved and painted steeds .
Not just horses , but an exotic menagerie of bears , giraffes and more , led by a single mythical figure , a hypocampus ( half horse / half fish ) .
The music is provided by the fabulous Wurlitzer Monster Military Band Organ .
Central Colorado
7. Brothel Museum
353 Myers Avenue , Cripple Creek
719-689-2634
Actually , it 's known as the Old Homestead House Museum .
But that makes it sound like one of Colorado 's restored pioneer structures , brimming with historic wholesomeness .
It 's all of that — except for the wholesome part .
The structure was built in 1896 for madam Pearl de Vere , with no expense spared .
8. Guffey
Located near Colorado Highway 9 , between Cripple Creek and Cañon City , Guffey has a population under thirty , and the mayor is a black cat called Monster .
While Guffey has the only services around for 25 miles , it 's worth a stop just to look around at the quirky rustic buildings , antique cars and art scattered about .
Every Fourth of July , the population swells as people turn out for live music , barbecue and sports involving both live and dead chickens .
For more : http://www.guffeycolorado.com/
Southern Colorado
9. Lake City
Fifty - five miles south of Gunnison is Lake City , a lovely little village surrounded by National Wilderness areas and chock - full of historic buildings — including the original courthouse where the nineteenth - century man-eater Alfred Packer was first tried for his notorious crimes .
It has a history museum with an impressive display of authentic Packer memorabilia , including the dollhouse he built in prison .
And just outside of town is Cannibal Plateau , where the less fortunate members of Packer 's party are buried .
10 . San Luis Valley
Yep , the whole thing .
As former resident Christopher O'Brien , author of The Mysterious Valley , once said , " It 's paranormal Disneyland . "
UFOs aplenty .
Strange lights .
Bizarre critters .
Anomalous critters .
Unexplained animal mutilations .
Bigfoot .
But if you do n't happen to stumble onto any of that , there 's still the Great Sand Dunes , Colorado Gators Reptile Park , the UFO Watchtower , Cano's Castle in Antonito and so much more .
Stay weird , my friends !
Top 10 Things for a Newcomer to Do in Denver
Before I 'd even rolled into town last month , I was itemizing the things I wanted to do in Denver this summer .
The list included such ambitious intentions as " learn to snowboard " ( A - Basin was still open , after all ) and " bike to Boulder , " as well as some tamer , more indulgent activities , like " drink lots of Old Chub , " " check out local hippie bars " and " get some good Mexican food for once . "
I was also armed with suggestions from friends , all former Coloradans .
Eat at Sushi Den , one insisted .
" Say hi to Charlie Brown 's for me ! " another wrote .
" You 're going to get a dog when you get there , right ? " a third asked .
As it turns out , I could not have picked a better time to move to the Mile High City .
It was the day the cherry trees blossomed , creating a fragrant canopy of intoxicating red and white blossoms everywhere I went .
Not surprisingly , I immediately decided that my first summer here , I 'm going to get to know this city from the outside in .
My Top 10
Things to Do in Denver list :
1 ) Go to a Colorado Rockies Game
Summer just would n't be summer without baseball , right ?
How about tossing some Rocky Mountain oysters into the game ?
At Coors Field , you can score both baseball and balls , all with a breathtaking view of the mountains .
The Colorado Rockies ' home fits so comfortably into downtown 's old warehouse neighborhood , it 's like the ballpark 's always been there — though it saw its first pitch in 1995 .
Get a seat in the nosebleeds along the first - base line for the best glimpse of the mountains ( not to mention a better deal ) ; during evening games , you can enjoy your Rockie Dog while watching the sunset over the Rockies .
For game schedule and ticket information , go to www.coloradorockies.com.
2 ) Drink at My Brother 's Bar
Lock yourself inside an old museum ?
Not this summer , not when you can get a history lesson while still getting your drink on at My Brother 's Bar , Denver 's oldest continually operating watering hole .
This building , at 2376 15th Street , has held a saloon since the 1870s ; more than half a century later , it was a favorite with the Beat generation 's Neal Cassady , who wrote a letter about his tab that 's still on the wall .
Order a burger and a beer ( and maybe a box of Girl Scout cookies ) and enjoy the outdoor patio , a true urban oasis .
Afterward , you can stumble down to nearby Confluence Park , where Denver got its start back in 1858 .
For more information , call 303-455-9991 .
3 ) Eat Local Ice Cream
If you moved here in the winter , you might want to dive into endless bowls of this city 's hot green chile .
But in the summer , adventurous eaters scream for ice cream — and rather than head for Ben & Jerry 's , why not try one of this cowtown 's offerings ?
There are popular newbies like Little Man , Sweet Action and Red Trolley , as well as a couple of ice - cream parlors that qualify as local institutions .
Bonnie Brae Ice Cream will cater to your more traditional cravings , with flavors like strawberry , cookie dough and Rocky Road , served up just a few blocks from Washington Park at 799 South University Boulevard ; call 303-777-0808 .
And over at 2039 East 13th Avenue in the heart of Capitol Hill , Liks challenges the palate with such ingredients as ancho chiles and Amaretto ; for more delicious details , call 303-321-2370 .
4 ) Join the Moonlight Classic Bike Ride
One man who 's lived in Denver for more than a decade cites the Moonlight Classic as his all - time favorite activity in the city — a bold statement , but one delivered with conviction .
The annual ride brings together all sorts of people — some in costume — for an intimate , convivial and leisurely ten - mile nighttime ride that starts and finishes at the State Capitol , going through downtown , LoDo and Cherry Creek along the way .
This year 's Moonlight Classic goes down on July 17 , and tickets cost $ 35 — though rumor has it that this ride is pretty easy to crash .
For more information or to actually register ( it 's for charity , after all ) , go to www.moonlight-classic.com.
5 ) Attend First Friday in the Santa Fe Art District
Newcomers and natives alike agree that First Friday in one of the city 's arts districts is a must - stop not just in the summer months , but throughout the year .
The hottest district is along Santa Fe Drive , which incorporated as a nonprofit in 2003 and has grown to include more than fifty galleries , museums and theaters , with an emphasis on cooperation and lack of pretension .
Openings , receptions and other celebrations take place all summer long , but First Friday is the time to see and be seen .
The district is located on Santa Fe Drive and Kalamath Street between Alameda and 12th avenues ; for more information , go to www.artdistrictonsantafe.com.
6 ) Ride the Wild Chipmunk
Inexplicably , but also awesomely , Denver has two amusement parks , within four freaking miles of each other .
While Elitch Gardens is the more prominent of the two , the family - owned Lakeside Amusement Park is a quaint slice of Denver .
This historic park has been around for more than a century , and admission fees are half of what the competition charges ( and are even more of a deal on weekdays ) .
And only at Lakeside will you find the Wild Chipmunk , an improbably named steel roller coaster dating back to 1955 .
The pod -like cars look like they belong on a kiddie ride , but the precipitous drops are definitely adult .
All - inclusive tickets to the park cost $ 13.75 Monday through Friday , $ 19.75 on the weekends , but you can also pay per ride , fair style .
For more information , go to www.lakesideamusementpark.com.
7 ) Meet Peeps at the People 's Fair
Want to rub elbows with fellow Denverites ?
The Capitol Hill People 's Fair is a good place to do it .
Organizers estimate that a quarter of a million people attend the weekend - long event that got its start at the East High School Esplanade in the early 1970s and moved to Civic Center Park in 1987 .
This year 's fair — set for June 5 - 6 — will feature four stages of music , as well as arts and crafts corners , community mural painting , food vendors and booths touting just about every activity in town .
The free , multi-culti , feel - good event is organized by Capitol Hill United Neighborhoods , which uses the proceeds to fund other nonprofits in the area .
Find a complete schedule at www.peoplesfair.com.
8 ) Walk the 16th Street Mall
Sure , it 's a tourist trap — but as you stroll past Niketown , the Gap and the multiple Starbucks outlets that line the 16th Street Mall , you 'll dig up some true Denver nuggets .
The roughly two - mile stretch will take you from near the Capitol to Union Station , ending right at the door of the fabulous , independent Tattered Cover bookstore ; along the way , you can stop at local eateries like Crepes 'n Crepes and Biker Jim's , or grab a seat at an outdoor cafe .
The pedestrian mall is car - free , with a free shuttle coming along every few minutes .
The mall is due for a facelift soon :
Maybe the city could swap out a few made - in - China souvenir shops for some Denver - centric retail operations ?
9 ) Kayak the Platte
You 've walked along the Greenway , you 've biked the Cherry Creek Bike Path to Confluence Park .
Now it 's time to take the plunge into the Platte .
Confluence Kayaks , at 2373 15th Street , rents kayaks ( go to www.confluencekayaks.com or call 303-433-3676 ) , and you can also recent paddling gear — as well as sign up for instruction — at REI , which occupies a historic building at 1416 Platte Street that includes a very modern climbing wall ( find out more at www.rei.com or call 303-756-3100 ) .
10 ) Catch a Concert at the Botanic Gardens
Denver is filled with the sound of music in the summer , with concerts taking place at a number of non-traditional venues — think the Denver Zoo , Skyline Park and patios around town .
The loveliest venue of all could be the Denver Botanic Gardens , with a lineup this round that includes Natalie Cole , Nanci Griffith , Béla Fleck and Shawn Colvin .
Tickets are pricey and very hard to get .
But at least one night this summer , you should stop and smell the roses — while listening to some very sweet music .
For more information , call 720-865-3500 or go to www.botanicgardens.org.
Top 10 Things for a Newcomer to Do in Colorado
When you tell people you 're moving to Denver , this is what they hear : Colorado .
Even before I 'd crossed the state line , I had a long list of suggestions — many of them more like imperatives — of things I had to do outside of the city during my first summer in Colorado : hikes and bike rides and concerts and festivals .
And , of course , mountains .
So I plan to head to the hills whenever I can this summer , to experience my My Top 10 Things to Do Outside Denver .
1 ) Conquer a Fourteener
When you ask people what to do outside of Denver , everyone recommends hiking — and some will even suggest you climb a fourteener , one of Colorado 's 54 peaks that top out over 14,000 feet .
" I think everyone who moves here should try to summit a peak ( not necessarily a fourteener , but something that will whet your appetite and maybe put a fourteener on your radar for the future ) , " one contact wrote .
And a particularly helpful friend pointed out that if you 're lazy , you can drive a fourteener : Both Pikes Peak and Mount Evans have roads to the top .
For more info on fourteeners , including how to protect them , go to www.14ers.org.
2 ) Visit Great Sand Dunes National Park
Colorado may not have the ocean , but it has thirty square miles of sand at Great Sand Dunes National Park in the south central part of the state .
Sandboarding and sledding the dunes is popular , as is camping and just hanging out — basically , everything you 'd do at the beach besides swim .
The park entrance fee is $ 3 per person ; children sixteen and under get in free .
For more details , go to www.nps.gov/grsa/index.htm.
3 ) Soak in a Hot Spring
Whether the season is winter or summer , soaking in a hot spring is apparently some kind of Colorado initiation rite .
There 's just something about the way people encourage you to try it , with a blend of urgency and mild admonishment .
For a quick jaunt from Denver , there 's Indian Hot Springs in Idaho Springs ( www.indianhotsprings.com or 303-989-6666 . )
For a pleasant drive , a friend suggested Cottonwood Hot Springs nestled in the San Isabel National Forest near Buena Vista ( www.cottonwood-hot-springs.com or 719-395-6434 ) or Strawberry Park Hot Springs near Steamboat Springs ( www.strawberryhotsprings.com or 970-879-0342 ) .
And you can combine two Colorado pastimes with the challenging Conundrum Hot Springs hike between Aspen and Crested Butte , where the springs are reportedly clothing - optional .
4 ) Rock Out at Red Rocks
Coloradans sound like a bunch of robots when it comes to Red Rocks : must go must go must go .
But in this case , the robots are right .
From the pictures I 've seen of Red Rocks , the world - renowned , Denver - owned amphitheatre carved into the rocks just outside of Morrison , it looks breathtaking .
And it has a rocking summer concert lineup , with acts ranging from Vampire Weekend to Crosby , Stills and Nash and Widespread Panic .
Although the concert tickets are n't cheap , you can visit the Visitor Center — an official state facility filled with rock - and - roll history — for free .
For schedules and ticket information , go to www.redrocksonline.com.
5 ) Tube a River
My advisors recommended tubing over its wilder cousin , whitewater rafting .
Maybe that 's because you can drink a beer while tubing , maybe because the sport does n't require a safety helmet .
Tubing Boulder Creek , a frequent suggestion , does include rapids , though ; for an easier trip , you can set sail on the St. Vrain and float through Lyons .
Tubes generally rent for $ 11 - $ 16 ; for more info on tubing Boulder Creek or the St. Vrain , go to www.whitewatertubing.com or , after June 15 , call 720-379-6055 .
6 ) Sample the Suds in Fort Collins
Visit four breweries in one day — on a bike .
Only in Colorado .
Specifically , in Fort Collins .
Start at the big boy , Anheuser - Busch ( 2351 Busch Drive , www.budweisertours.com/home.htm, 970-490-4691 ) , then head to Fort Collins Brewery ( 1900 East Lincoln Avenue , www.fortcollinsbrewery.com, 970-472-1499 ) , Odell 's ( 800 East Lincoln Avenue , http://odellbrewing.com, 970-498-9070 ) and New Belgium ( 500 Linden Street , www.newbelgium.com, 970-221-0524 ) .
But you 'll need to plan ahead : Fort Collins Brewery only has tours on Saturdays , and New Belgium requires reservations ( summer 's filling up ) .
Cheers !
7 ) Sleep in a Yurt
There 's no telling how the traditional homes of Mongolian nomads became fixtures in Colorado , where these structures resemble their East Asian counterparts in name and shape only .
Colorado's yurts are basically round cabins , typically without indoor plumbing .
Still , it 's much more fun to tell your friends back east that you 're staying in a yurt than in a cabin .
A few of the recommendations I received : Never Summer Nordic in Walden , which rents its remote yurts for $ 60 - $ 80 a night in the summer ( www.neversummernordic.com or 970-723-4070 ) , and Joyful Journey Hot Springs Spa , which cost $ 80 - 105 , are a little more cushy and have hot springs , which means you can cross another activity off your top- ten list here ( www.joyfuljourneyhotsprings.com or 719-256-4328 ) .
8 ) Eat Colorado Peaches
Turns out peaches come from more places than Georgia .
Who knew ?
A friend back in Minnesota clued me in to Colorado 's crop , even reporting that the revered Cooks of Crocus Hill in St. Paul will be getting peaches from Palisade 's Rocky Mountain Peach Company and Durango 's Kokopelli Peach Farm sometime in early August .
That 's when I 'll be heading to the Western Slope , where many of the state 's peach orchards are located , and Palisade even hosts an annual peach festival .
This year 's is August 19 - 22 ; for more information , go to www.palisadepeachfest.com.
9 ) Watch a Double Feature at the Drive -in
There are n't many drive - ins left across the country , and just a handful still operate in Colorado .
Still , there are n't many better ways to spend a warm summer evening than kicking back in a lawn chair with some Twizzlers and brews , watching a B - list movie or two .
You can do it in Denver at the Rosemary 88 , but one former Colorado resident insisted that the Holiday Twin Drive - in in Fort Collins is a can 't - miss locale .
" Watch the sunset from the back of a truck and then watch a double feature , " she advised .
" Cheap !
Especially if you bring your own provisions ! "
Tickets are only $ 6 ; for more information , go to www.holidaytwindrivein.com or call 970-221-1244 .
10 ) Enjoy a Ski Town in the Off - Season
Helloooo , mountains .
Colorado's ski towns do n't pack up when the skiers do .
In the summer , these spots have charms all their own .
Breckenridge , an old mining area turned ski giant , still has some of its quaint , gingerbready , small - town charms ; in the summer , it feels sleepy but at the same time vibrant .
Rent mountain bikes and try out the local trails or cruise through town ; you 'll feel like you own the place .
And you can , if you camp for free on nearby Bureau of Land Management property .
Watch out for beavers !
Find more info at www.townofbreckenridge.com.
Top 10 Things for a Native to Do in Colorado
There 's so much to do in Colorado in the summer , you could spend ten years just picking the low - hanging fruit .
But after you 've lived here a long time , a lifetime , you want to tackle some superlatives .
See the biggest mammal .
Canoe the biggest lake .
Drive the highest road .
For that , you need the native 's guide .
1 ) Drive Trail Ridge Road
Open only from late May through September , depending on weather conditions , Rocky Mountain National Park 's Trail Ridge Road is one of the most scenic , most elegant drives in the nation .
It 's also the highest continuous road in America , reaching 12,183 feet at one point and connecting the towns of Estes Park and Grand Lake .
Learn more at www.nps.gov/room/planyourvisit/trail_ridge_road.htm.
2 ) Travel to Coney Island
No summer road trip along U.S. 285 is complete without a stop at Coney Island Colorado , the 1960s - era diner shaped like a hot dog ( with mustard and relish on top ) .
Although it has been moved a couple of times ( and is now located on Old Stagecoach Road in Bailey ) , the giant wiener does Colorado proud .
Dig in .
3 ) Climb a Trio of Fourteeners in One Day
By now , you 've surely conquered one of Colorado 's fourteeners .
So try summiting three in one day — and then tell your friends about it .
In Park County , mounts Democrat ( elevation 14,148 ) , Lincoln ( 14,286 ) and Bross ( 14,172 ) can all be reached in a single hike ... if you have the lungs .
4 ) Soak Your Feet in a Mountain Lake
The trailhead to Cathedral Lake is just fifteen minutes from Aspen , and the route itself , which crosses ancient glacier moraines at the foot of the Maroon Bells , is only about three miles each way .
But by the time you climb the eight killer switchbacks , your feet will be aching for the shock of the ice - cold , blue - green lake at 11,866 feet .
Take the plunge at www.trails.com/tcatalog_trail.aspx?trailid=HGR250-013.
5 ) Gaze at a Moose
There are n't many moose in Colorado , but two of the best places to find them are at the state - run Moose Center on Colorado Highway 14 west of Fort Collins , and in Grand Lake , the western gateway to Rocky Mountain National Park , where the massive ungulates roam the forests — and the campgrounds — looking for delicious leaves .
Learn more at http://wildlife.state.co.us/Education/TeacherResources/ColoradoWildlifeCompany/HauntsCWCF00.htm.
6 ) Haunt a Ghost Town
Colorado's past as a freewheeling cluster of high - country mining towns is still visible in places — if you know where to look .
And summer is the best time to visit these old ghost towns , since many of the roads leading to them close in the winter .
Some of the best include the well - preserved St. Elmo , in Chaffee County ; creepy but starkly beautiful Independence , east of Aspen ; and Gunnison County 's Tin Cup , which can only be reached with a four - wheel - drive vehicle .
Raise the dead at www.ghosttowns.com/states/co/co.html.
7 ) Pay Your Respects to Buffalo Bill
William F. " Buffalo Bill "
Cody made his mark on America with his storied Wild West Show , and now he rests forever in one of the wildest of those states .
Lookout Mountain , just minutes from Denver , is home not only to the Buffalo Bill Museum and Grave , but also one of the coolest gift shops this side of the Mississippi .
Hunt it down at www.buffalobill.org or call 303-526-0747 .
8 ) Boat to Your Campsite
What 's the biggest body of water in Colorado ?
The answer , at twenty miles long and with 96 miles of shoreline , is the Blue Mesa Reservoir in the Curecanti National Recreation Area near Gunnison .
While the reservoir serves as a base for just about any Colorado activity you can imagine , it also has cool , boat - in - only campgrounds .
Dock your canoe at the entrance to West Elk Creek and walk past diving , violet - green swallows to the campground near an old sawmill and homesteading operations .
You 'll be glad you did .
Go to www.nps.gov/cure/planyourvisit/boatincamping.htm.
9 ) Blossom at the Crested Butte Wildflower Festival
Colorado 's mountain winters are notoriously brutal , but when the snow finally melts , the crushing cold gives way to a spectacular array of brightly colored , delicate wildflowers .
And while these gems can come and go in a flash , the Crested Butte Wildflower Festival lasts for a week , offering up a bouquet of hikes , tours and classes .
For info , visit www.crestedbuttewildflowerfestival.com.
10 ) Catch Sunset at Garden of the Gods
Not all sunsets are equal .
There are the ones you miss while you 're still at work , the ones you catch a glimpse of between buildings , the ones you forget to look for because you 're too busy .
And then there are the ones you watch in the late - evening peace of Garden of the Gods , a Colorado Springs spot filled with towering red sandstone rocks .
One of the state 's most beautiful , more spiritual landmarks , Garden of the Gods offers summertime sunsets that make up for all the ones you 've missed .
See for yourself at www.gardenofgods.com/home/index.cfm.
He added : " On satellite imagery day in and day out we continue to see an oil slick that 's several thousand square miles in size out there and the good news is that it has n't made serious landfall yet .
That may be partly down to the response but also down to wind and current conditions .
There 's an element of luck in there .
But I 'm not sure how much longer we can get lucky . "
Have just heard , though it is not in the papers , that Italy has declared war… .
The Allied troops are withdrawing from Norway , the reason given being that they can be used elsewhere and Narvik after its capture was rendered useless to the Germans .
But in fact Narvik will not be necessary to them till the winter , it would n’t have been much use anyway when Norway had ceased to be neutral , and I should n’t have thought that the Allies had enough troops in Norway to make much difference .
The real reason is probably so as not to have to waste warships .
This afternoon I remembered very vividly that incident with the taxi - driver in Paris in 1936 , and was going to have written something about it in this diary .
But now I feel so saddened that I can’t write it .
Everything is disintegrating .
It makes me writhe to be writing book - reviews etc. at such a time , and even angers me that such time - wasting should still be permitted .
The interview at the War Office on Saturday may come to something , if I am clever at faking my way past the doctor .
If once in the army , I know by the analogy of the Spanish war that I shall cease to care about public events .
At present I feel as I felt in 1936 when the Fascists were closing in on Madrid , only far worse .
But I will write about the taxi driver some time [ 1 ] .
[ 1 ] Orwell eventually did so , in ‘ As I Please , ’ 42 , Tribune , 15 September 1944 .
Peter Davison
Paul Scholes , the Manchester United and former England midfielder , is ready to end his playing career at the end of the new season and go into coaching .
Scholes , who admitted prior to the World Cup that he would have come out of international retirement to play for England if Fabio Capello had asked him earlier , says he has one more top - flight season left in him .
" I am coming to the end of my playing career and I maybe have one year left , " Scholes told EPL Talk .
" I have started doing my coaching badges back in England and hopefully one day I will be able to coach kids or coach some kind of team somewhere . "
Scholes narrowly missed out on a 10th Premier League champion 's medal when Chelsea pipped United to the title last season .
But Ferguson believes Scholes still has the quality for another season at the top and the player is under no illusions about the impact the successful Scot has had on his long career .
" He has been great , " added Scholes .
" It goes without saying what a top manager he has been .
The amount of players he has brought through the youth team is great and it gives hope to all the kids in the youth team that if they are good enough he will definitely use them .
" It has just been fantastic working with him and I think there is a good few years left in him yet . "
Ext3 Indexed Directory Lookup
The first milestone of the ext3 implementation was to have read support .
Since ext2 read support is already implemented , the only missing feature ( as far as I can tell ) for ext3 read implementation was support for indexed directories .
In ext3 , indexed directories use a tree structured called HTree .
This tree has a fixed depth and its keys are file name hashes .
Each node of the tree is a file system block inside the directory file ( ie. linked by the directory i- node ) .
To allow backwards compatibility with ext2 tools , it uses a clever scheme to hide itself from ext2 mounts , representing each node as a fake and empty directory entry .
This way the directory ’s entries can be read normally ( sequentially ) if mounted as ext2 , and can be read in indexed mode by ext3 .
Because it uses hash values , there is a possibility that a hash collision occurs .
Therefore , another clever trick is used : the least significant bit of the hash key in the tree is used to flag if the node contains entries that were supposed to be in the previous node .
However , this limits the hash value to 31 bits .
The leaf nodes contain the directory ’s entries with the full file names of the directory ’s files .
They are arranged the same way as in ext2 .
Therefore , once we find the leaf node where the entry is supposed to be located , we simply traverse it sequentially until we find it or reach the end of the leaf node .
If we do reach the end of the node , we proceed to the next leaf node if its parent node indicates it holds collision entries from the previous leaf .
One design consideration is to reuse most of the already existent sequential lookup code .
Therefore , after traversing through the nodes and finding the leaf node , a Directory Iterator already placed at that leaf node ’s offset is returned , so it can continue performing the normal sequential search .
If somehow the indexed lookup fails , a normal Directory Iterator started at offset zero is returned , and the search fallbacks to the previous implementation without any more changes .
To isolate the new code , it was placed inside a new class : HTree .
Initially , this class performed all the required operations : generate the hash key , lookup inside the nodes , and find the leaf node .
However , this approach suffered from one major drawback .
It did n’t stop searching until it searched through all of the directory ’s entries , even if the index structure indicated that the entry was n’t located anywhere else .
Although it still works normally , it ’s inefficient .
The first attempt for a solution was to find a stop offset .
This approach required some complicated recursive code to traverse the tree until no more collisions were probable , and that would mostly degrade performance , since most of the time the extra overhead would be useless .
The current approach offloads a lot of the work to outside of the main HTree class .
Now the class is only responsible for generating the hash value ( from the 3 hash functions that could be used ) , and initiating the index traversal .
A class responsible for iterating through node entries was created , called HTreeEntryIterator .
It handles most of the lookup code .
It first does a binary search inside the node to find the child node which should contain the key .
Once found , it instantiates a child iterator for it .
This recursivness is n’t too detrimental to performance , because in ext3 the maximum tree depth is 2 , which means at most two entry iterators are created ( one for the root , and one for the optional indirect node ) .
Currently , since the index is only read , no locking is necessary .
However , when adding new directory entries , it will be necessary to lock the directory iterator , and possibly lock the entry iterators if there exists a need to split a node .
Once all the indirect blocks of the tree have been traversed ( we reached a leaf node ) , a directory entry iterator is created and returned .
However , this directory iterator is of a new class , derived from DirectoryIterator and called IndexedDirectoryIterator .
This class handles having an initial and limit offset , and has access to its parent index node .
When it reaches its maximum offset , it checks to see if the next leaf contains collisions from this leaf .
This is performed by calling its parent , and asking for the next leaf node offset .
The HTreeEntryIterator iterates to the next entry in the node , and returns the leaf ’s starting offset .
If the end of the node is reached , its parent entry iterator is called to iterate , in analogous manner .
If the end of all entries is reached , the looked up file name was n’t found .
After reaching the next leaf node , the parent is asked if the entry has collisions from the previous entry , and we continue the search if it does , or return that the file name was n’t found if it does n’t .
The current design probably is n’t the fastest .
And I do n’t expect it to be near the performance of the implementation in Linux , which is more optimized .
However , I hope the implementation is simple to understand , and the code is clean to read .
The code still needs to be tested .
I ’m also not sure if the hash generation functions work on big endian machines .
Initially , I plan on testing the hash functions separately , in userland as an external test program .
I also have a test ext3 image with a large indexed directory .
It will be a nice initial test , to see if it ’s possible to lookup all the files through the index .
After write support is added ( which consists only of adding entries in the index , and splitting the index entry nodes if necessary , if I recall correctly ) , a complete test will be written , populating a directory and then looking up the entries one - by - one .
I ’m still a little behind schedule , mostly because I still have a lot of graduation assignments and exams to finish next week , but I think I can get ahead of myself , unless something unexpected happens .
Next milestone is initial journal support , which I have already some code to begin with from before the coding period .
Hopefully I should be closer to the schedule by the next milestone .
Grisly French Murder With the Flavor of ' Hannibal Lecter ' French Hannibal Lecter allegedly ate part of his cellmate with garlic and rice .
PARIS June 22 , 2010 -- A grisly trial unfolding in France could have been scripted from the pages of a " Hannibal Lecter " novel .
Nicolas Cocaign , 38 , a violent prison inmate with a face tattoo allegedly killed his cellmate with a pair of scissors , pulled out part of his left lung and some chest muscle and cooked them up with garlic , shallots and left over rice .
A third inmate in the cell pretended to be asleep to avoid being killed , but later committed suicide in another prison .
The trial of Cocaign , which began Monday , charges him with murder and acts of barbarism .
If convicted , he faces life in prison .
On the morning of Jan. 3 , 2007 , a guard in the Rouen prison found the mutilated body of Thierry Baudry , 31 , in the cell he shared with Cocaign and another inmate .
Cocaign confessed to beating Baudry , stabbing him with scissors and suffocating him with a plastic bag before cutting open his victim 's chest and plunging his right hand in it .
He told investigators he wanted to remove Baudry 's heart to eat it in order to " take his soul . "
Instead , Cocaign mistakenly took a piece of his victim 's left lung as well as two chest muscles .
A row over hygiene issues was what triggered Cocaign 's outburst of violence .
At the time , Cocaign was serving a sentence for attempted rape while armed , while Baudry was in prison for sexual assault .
At the opening of the trial Monday , Cocaign told the court he was responsible for the murder , but rejected the acts of barbarism charge .
He said he now felt " stable " because he is receiving psychiatric treatment .
Cocaign 's lawyer have argued that he should never been put in a jail cell due to his psychological state .
" Today , we get rid of people like Nicolas Cocaign by putting them in jail instead of putting them in a mental institution , " Fabien Pichiottino told France 2 TV .
Prison Doctors Considered Nicolas Cocaign Extremely Dangerous
Doctors from a previous prison where Cocaign served time had reported his psychopathic side and his extreme dangerousness .
" ( The doctor at this jail ) had Cocaign 's profile , he felt he was dangerous towards others .
He even asked to be placed in isolation , " Etienne Noel , lawyer for Thierry Baudry 's family , told France 2 .
" And next to this , you had Thierry Baudry who everyone agrees was weak and would not have harmed a fly . "
Cocaign , an abandoned child who has had several run-ins with the law , appeared in court with tattoos on the right half of his face showing bloody tears , a skull and an angel .
" A friend made them for me , so people would take interest in me .
No one was listening to me .
I made some calls for help , saying I was likely to be dangerous , " he told the court .
" I put my threats into action and I was taken seriously . "
" There was no follow - up , nothing was done , " his adoptive mother Genevieve Cocaign told the court .
The fact that he was abandoned at birth by his mother had " disastrous consequences for him , " the elderly lady said , despite numerous visits to psychiatrists and stays at mental institutions .
" I did everything I could , but nothing succeeded .
What happened should not have taken place if he had been treated , " Genevieve Cocaign said .
French prison authorities have admitted to a series of mismanagement and acts of negligence , but no serious mistake .
Prison authorities will have to answer questions from the defense in court this week .
A verdict is expected later this week .
Full Study ( .pdf ) Summary ( .pdf )
California ’s $ 19 billion budget deficit seems to worsen by the day , but an even larger financial crisis is brewing in the state ’s pension system .
Over the last two decades , state lawmakers have bestowed massive pension and benefit increases upon government workers .
Unfortunately , taxpayers are now getting the bills for these handouts .
Recent studies estimate California has $ 500 billion in unfunded pension liabilities .
My new Reason Foundation report details how the state got into this pension crisis and how to fix it .
This study highlights numerous problems , including :
California ’s public pension and retiree health and dental care expenditures have quintupled since fiscal year 1998 - 99 , from about $ 1 billion to $ 5 billion this year .
Retirement spending is expected to triple again – to $ 15 billion – within the next decade .
Since 1998 , California ’s state workforce has grown by 31 percent and taxpayers now pay for more than 356,000 state workers .
Since 2008 , California has added over 13,000 employees to the state payroll during this recession .
California taxpayers are paying pensions that exceed $ 100,000 a year to over 12,000 former state and local government workers , including more than 9,000 state and local employees covered by the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System ( CalPERS ) and over 3,000 former school administrators or teachers covered under the California State Teachers ’ Retirement System ( CalSTRS ) .
In the 1960s , just one out of every 20 California state workers received “ public safety ” pensions .
Now , one out of three state workers receives the lavish public safety benefits originally intended for the firefighters and police officers who put themselves in harm ’s way .
California taxpayers pay 85 percent of the health care premiums for most active state workers , 100 percent of the health care costs for most state retirees and 90 percent of health care costs for their families .
CalPERS reported a loss of $ 56.2 billion for the fiscal year that ended June 30 , 2009 .
CalSTRS posted a loss of $ 43.4 billion in 2009 .
California taxpayers are on the hook for funding shortfalls not made up by pension fund performance or employee contributions , so taxpayers will be paying more to make up for these pension investment losses .
The public pension benefit increases passed in 1999 via SB 400 , which offered retroactive benefit increases to government workers , were supposed to cost $ 650 million in 2010 .
That figure was based on CalPERS ’s assessment of its “ superior return on system assets . ”
The actual costs of SB 400 to taxpayers : $ 3.1 billion this fiscal year and $ 3.5 billion next year .
SB 400 passed by a 70 - 7 margin in the Assembly , and unanimously ( 39 - 0 ) in the Senate .
California is the only state in the nation that uses just one year – an employee ’s final year salary – to determine their long - term pension benefits .
Most states use three - or five - year periods to determine pension benefits , making their systems less susceptible to pension spiking .
SB 2465 , which implemented the one - year final salary rule in 1990 , has cost taxpayers more than $ 100 million a year .
It was supposed to cost “ only ” $ 63 million per year .
Recommendations
This study makes several recommendations to improve the state pension system and reduce the burden on taxpayers :
Perform an evaluation of wages and benefits offered in the private sector and adjust all future state employee compensation so that it is in line with this standard .
Repeat such an evaluation every five years .
Close the defined - benefit pension plans for state employees and enroll all new employees in defined - contribution plans for pensions and other post - employment benefits , such as retiree health care and dental benefits .
Adopt more conservative investment strategies and more conservative discount rate assumptions for current employees ’ defined - benefit plans .
Begin pre-funding post - employment benefits liabilities for employees already in the current system , with the ultimate goal to achieve full funding .
Adopt an amendment to the state constitution requiring all future government employee benefit increases to be ratified by the state ’s voters .
Adopt an amendment to the state constitution prohibiting retroactive benefit increases .
Eliminate “ air - time ” purchases to reduce pension spiking and discourage early retirement .
Require employees who have previously retired to forfeit their retirement checks while they are on the state ’s payroll to avoid double - dipping , as over 5,000 former state employees are doing today .
California ’s pension and retiree health care benefits are unaffordable and unsustainable .
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and politicians , from both sides of the political aisle , are now calling for action on this tremendous problem .
They ’d better hurry .
Taxpayers are sick and tired of being forced to pay ever - greater amounts of their hard - earned money towards increasingly generous benefits for government employees , all while their own retirement accounts shrink amidst the recession .
To avoid bankruptcy , governments at all levels are going to have to switch from defined - benefit pensions to 401 ( k ) - style defined - contribution systems .
Attachments
A group of rare , glass sponge reefs off B.C. 's north coast have been selected for potential designation as marine protected areas , Fisheries and Oceans Minister Gail Shea announced on Tuesday .
B.C.'s living glass sponge reefs in Hecate Strait and Queen Charlotte Sound are the only reefs of their kind in the world , and the announcement was met with applause by conservation groups .
The federal government has designated the reefs an area of interest , the first step towards permanent protection .
For thousands of years , the glass sponge reefs have flourished in Hecate Strait and Queen Charlotte Sound , but they were only discovered in 1987 .
They 're made of fragile glass or silica that has not broken down as the sponges die .
Instead the reefs have grown to the height of eight - storey buildings in some places .
Sabine Jessen from the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society calls the reefs one of the natural wonders of the world .
" They are found alive nowhere else in the world , " she said .
" They were thought to have gone extinct with the dinosaurs . "
Jim Boutilier , an invertebrate scientist with the Department of Fisheries and Oceans in Nanaimo , also welcomed the protection of the amazing natural wonders .
" It 's sort of like a scene from Alice in Wonderland , " he said .
" Every time you go down , you see little fish hiding in the holes that are associated with the currents in the sponges and those kind of things .
It 's beautiful . "
Fishing nets are main threat
Researchers believe that the largest living glass sponge specimens may be 200 years old .
Sponges live at depths of 165 to 240 metres , and the reefs can grow to be 21 metres tall .
One of the main threats to the reefs was bottom - dragging of nets by fishing trawlers , which have been banned from the area covering about 1,800 square kilometres in recent years , according to Jennifer Lash , the executive director of the Living Oceans Society .
" These reefs are unique , and today ’s announcement is a great step forward for marine conservation , " said Lash .
" Hopefully , final MPA designation will be announced by 2012 , and the glass sponge reefs will be protected in perpetuity . "
A marine protected area is a designation for an area that significantly contributes to the health of marine ecosystems , and Ottawa has committed to establishing a network of such sites by 2012 .
An area of rich biodiversity within the Laurentian Channel off the coast of Newfoundland and Labrador is also being considered , the minister also announced on Tuesday .
Workers struggling to stem the oil flow on the Gulf Coast are falling ill as concern grows about the short - and long - term effects of exposure to crude oil and the chemicals being used to clean it up .
Some who have gotten sick are filing class actions suits against BP while others are demanding temporary restraining orders against the giant oil company .
Workers have been hospitalized with rashes , nausea , chest pains , headaches and shortness of breath .
The company has blocked workers involved in the cleanup from talking to the press .
And BP has forbidden cleanup crews to wear breathing masks and other protective equipment .
BP CEO Tony Haywood claimed the sickness was due to food poisoning .
“ You know , there ’s a … food poisoning is a really big issue when you ’ve got a concentration of this many people in ten pre-cabs , ten pre-accommodations .
It ’s something we have to be very , very mindful of ” he said .
Anne Womack - Kolton , Dick Cheney ’s former press secretary , has been hired by BP to handle publicity during the crisis .
She also formerly worked for the Department of Energy under the Bush administration .
A chemical called Corexit 9500 is being used to break up the oil spill .
The Environmental Protection Agency has asked BP to use another less toxic substance .
So far a mutually agreed - to dispersant has not been found .
Last week the Obama administration voiced its concerns about the environmental and health impacts of the spill .
“ We ’re very concerned about the impact of disaster on the public health of people in the Gulf region , ” said Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius .
As the crisis intensifies , toxic substances are not only poisoning the water but also the air .
Propublica.org notes that “ dispersants ’ toxins may be making its way into the air that workers are breathing .
Air sampling data gathered to ensure the safety of cleanup workers has identified a chemical compound in the air that is also in the dispersants BP is applying to the Gulf . ”
The article continues , “ Little - noticed data posted on BP ’s website and the Deepwater Horizon site show that 32 air samples taken near workers have indicated the presence of butoxyethanol , a component listed as present in an oil spill dispersant used by BP , known as Corexit .
The Environmental Protection Agency considers it toxic . ”
Propublica.org cautions about attributing a causal relationship between dispersant use and illness in workers , but notes workers are becoming sick .
The Louisiana Shrimpers Association charges that workers have been threatened by BP .
CNN reports that “ BP told workers they were not allowed to wear masks . ”
Clint Guidry , the president of the shrimpers association , told CNN , “ Some of our men asked , and they were told they ’d be fired if they wore masks . ”
BP has denied making threats .
Meanwhile the Center for Biological Diversity is suing the EPA for not stopping the use of untested chemicals that may prove a dire threat to the ecosystem on the Gulf Coast .
“ The Gulf of Mexico has become Frankenstein ’s laboratory for BP ’s enormous , uncontrolled experiment in flooding the ocean with toxic chemicals , ” said Andrea Treece , an attorney with the center .
In both the Exxon Valdez oil spill and the 9/11 terrorist attack , workers experienced long - term health problems despite government assurances of safe working conditions .
Photo : Cleanup workers on the Gulf .
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/deed.en
I have spent nearly 20 years of my life in and out of prison and at least 10 years behind a prison door .
You would have thought that I would have chosen another profession because for me , crime certainly did not pay .
My lack of faith in society , justice and God ( whatever omnipotent power that may be ) had me locked in a cell not just in body but in mind too .
When I first went to prison as a teenager I was asked in prison reception of my religious beliefs and I answered that I was an " atheist " .
Even though I was brought up as a Muslim , in a devout Muslim family , the only reason I answered " atheist " was because in the early 90s , all Muslim prisoners were given a vegetarian diet , as halal meat was not available to them .
So I chose sausages and chips and bacon butties over God and I guess I will burn for that .
If I am ever stood before the highest judge of them all , to defend my actions I would say : " I was hungry your honour " and hope for the best .
Prison is , and always will be about survival of the fittest .
Just as I chose to denounce my faith to eat meat , it was in effect a survival technique and the only downside to it was that I lived with the rest of the heathens and found myself on the periphery of the Asian prison community .
I made it my personal mission to make the prison officers ' lives as much of a misery as they had made mine ( I used to be assaulted by prison staff just for being a " Paki ' ' ) and I found myself in solitary confinement for weeks and months on end .
In solitary I was only ever given a Bible to read and after ripping up the first few Bibles they gave me , I stopped ripping it up and began to read it .
In solitary I found solace and hope in the stories of the Old Testament , and faith in the stories of the New Testament .
For the first time in my life I understood hope and faith .
When the Home Office decided that Muslim prisoners should be given halal meat in the mid-90s and made sure that they could practice Ramadan as a right , ( the majority of Muslims practiced Ramadan in secret until it was made official ) I became a Muslim prisoner again .
I did it for survival but I soon realised that , if I had followed my faith to begin with , I would never have found myself in solitary , alone , dejected , angry and full of fear .
When I practiced my faith I found myself in a community of many different races of men who all had one thing in common : faith .
All kinds of prisoners somehow came together and managed to shed the labels to which justice had left them condemned to .
Prisoners , Muslim and Christian alike , hung on to their faith as it kept them safe ( as a group ) and gave them discipline ( away from the prison drugs trade and violence ) and structure ( self education and teaching ) .
All these things help rehabilitate and resettle a prisoner on a sentence and on release back into the community .
In this respect faith compares favourably to the Ministry of Justice 's idea of rehabilitation and resettlement which is in any case shamefully inadequate .
Instead of investing in education , rehabilitation and resettlement of prisoners and their families , the " system " condemns thousands of men , women and children to a life behind bars and no real escape which is a sad indictment on our society today .
I have managed to stay out of prison for over six years now .
In that time , and with the help of Joe Baden , co-ordinator of the Goldsmiths Open Book project , I got my first real qualification , a 2:1 degree in History at the age of 33 .
Through the project I now work as an outreach worker in various prisons .
I also work for the Prison Reform Trust as a researcher on the resettlement needs of prisoners and have given evidence to the Home Affairs committee at the House of Commons on the role of the prison officer .
I now work in the same system that once condemned me .
Why , you may ask .
Well that one 's easy ... because I know what prison is really like and I never lost faith .
Ever wonder what happened to that weird kid who found Internet fame and shame when a video of him waving a stick like a light saber went around ?
Well , like anyone else , he grew up .
This is him now :
Advertisement
His name is Ghyslain Raza .
He 's the president of a conservation society and working on his law degree .
After he was ridiculed on the Internet , he " dropped out of his Quebec high school , was diagnosed with depression , and checked into a psychiatric ward for children "
Geez .
I 'm just glad he got a happy ending after all .
[ Motherboard ]
GSM handsets use high - power amplifiers to achieve maximum communication distance to the base station .
These amplifiers consume large currents bursting at relatively low frequency rates that can interfere with the typical operation of a handset , resulting in what the human ear commonly hears as an objectionable repeated humming noise .
This phenomenon can often be heard as a handset is placed in close proximity to a speaker phone or other electronic device .
Problem description
How often have you been in your company ’s conference room and placed your handset near a speakerphone and have later heard heard an intrusive , repeated humming sound – sometimes even when the handset is turned on but not being used ?
Move the phone further away from the speakerphone and the problem is reduced .
A similar situation can be observed when placing a GSM handset near an AM or even FM radio .
This unpleasant repeated humming sound is often referred to by handset design engineers as “ GSM buzz ” .
The problem can occur within a handset completely by itself , especially if the RF power amplifier chip is at its maximum output level .
Handsets contain efficient batteries that must provide on - demand power to the RF power amplifier chip .
Power amplifier chips deliver large amounts of RF energy within the 850MHz to 950MHz or 1800MHz to 1900MHz GSM bands .
The +33dBm GSM power is delivered within these bands at 217 Hz modulated bursting intervals .
Figure 1 ( above right ) illustrates the burst content within the audio range typical in a GSM phone .
Creating audio buzz
The 217Hz bursting results in large power excursions from the handset battery .
These excursions are typically one to two amperes , depending on the efficiency of the power amplifier .
Because of these large current transients , slight amounts of resistance and inductance result in 217 Hz voltage transients throughout the entire cell phone .
Figure 2 ( above ) illustrates a typical voltage transient resulting from the 217 RF power transients .
It illustrates the power at an audio chip .
It is interesting to note that both the power supply rail and the ground reference have shifted .
This suggests there is impedance in each of the nodes .
The 217 in effect square - wave envelope may also contain harmonics that exist well into the audio band .
This parasitic resistance and inductance can be identified in numerous places within a handset .
These are often found in within the battery itself , within PCB inter layer vias , traces resistance and even connectors .
Bypass and decoupling
The first , most logical , solution is to implement both bypass and decoupling capacitors adjacent to the power amplifier chip , and then also to the audio components themselves supporting audio paths .
It is good practice to focus first on the power amplifier and then retest after these components have been added .
Because of the large currents , the size of the decoupling capacitor adjacent to the RF power chip often needs to be very large .
Size and cost limitations mean the size of this capacitor must be reduced , resulting in greater - than - normal voltage excursions .
Bypass capacitors ( 0.01 µF typical ) should also be used because the edge rates of the power transients can well exceed the bandwidth of a decoupling capacitor .
These capacitors must be placed close to the PA chip .
A large decoupling cap may be placed in parallel with the battery to reduce the transients from the internal resistance of the battery .
However , the drops associated with the PCB and flex circuit still exist , and the possibility for GSM buzz remains .
Power amplifier chip
The PA chip must have large , low inductance and low - resistance ground and power paths .
This includes connectors , flex circuits , printed circuit boards and solder pads .
The routing must be as direct as possible , with minimum excursions .
Ideally , both power and ground are designed as planes through to the PA device .
However , this is often not the case because of space limitations .
It is also important to not run a power path to the PA chip directly over audio paths .
Modulated power rails can easily couple into audio circuits and be amplified .
Via utilisation
Poor power and grounding through vias remain the biggest contributor to difficult GSM buzz problems .
If possible , route traces through PCBs , flex circuits and connects to minimise via utilisation .
If vias must be used , it is good practice to double up or use quadruple vias all in parallel , and ensure that both power and ground paths contain adequate protection .
High resistance points
More expensive multi-meters precisely measure resistance using four - wire measurement .
This technique uses four wires and normally four terminals of the meter , called source and sense , to effectively remove the resistance of the meter leads , leaving only the measured resistance .
Voltage drops
Knowing that the transient currents can be 1 - 2A , a resistance of only 50 mohm can result in a voltage drop of 100 mV in each path , both ground and power .
It is important to recognise that sometimes the drop may be in a power path , but not a ground path .
Downtown Nashville has been ten feet underwater since flash flooding on Monday .
The muddy Cumberland river flooded after weekend storms .
At least 17 people have died in floods across Tennessee .
" It 's shocking to see it this way , but it was an incredible storm , " Mayor Karl Dean told the AP on Monday .
Flickr user Keith Gallagher ( via Donand Sensing ) has taken a number of stunning pictures of the devastation .
No -one is talking about Italy ahead of this tournament , despite them being the holders , despite them breezing through qualification , despite them having received the most favourable draw of any side .
The pessimism stems from the lack of quality , both in their playing squad as a whole , and from the performances over the past four years .
Star names like Gianluca Zambrotta , Fabio Cannavaro , Rino Gattuso and Andrea Pirlo are still around and capable of big performances , but all are nowhere near the players they were four years ago .
For Italy to have a good tournament , they need others to step up .
The key players are the likes of Daniele de Rossi , Giorgio Chiellini , and Alberto Gilardino – top class Serie A players for many years , and ones who must now perform on the world stage for the Azzurri .
Marcello Lippi , the 2006 winner , has returned as manager after Roberto Donadoni ’s poor Euro 2008 .
He has been criticized for having too much faith in his favourites , and a reluctance to bring in some promising younger players .
That said , recently he has brought in fresh blood to freshen up the squad – he now needs to place one or two of them into the first team .
Shape of the team
In terms of formation , Lippi is completely unpredictable .
He has tried various shapes – 4 - 2- 3- 1 , 4-3-3 , 4-4-2 , 3-4-1 - 2 and 4 -3- 2-1 – and has promised tactical flexibility throughout the tournament .
That ’s to be expected – Italy won the World Cup in 2006 by playing different systems in different games , and will face three very different styles of football in the group stage .
The most likely formation seems to be a 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 / 4 - 3 - 3 shape , that would have featured Andrea Pirlo playing further forward than he ’s done for the past eight seasons , returning to something approaching a trequartista role .
Pirlo looks unlikely to be fit for the opening two games , and so his place may go to Riccardo Montolivo , a hugely talented playmaker who captains Fiorentina , and who deserves an opportunity for the national side .
The two deeper midfielders will probably be de Rossi and Angelo Palombo , the Sampdoria midfield general who is unquestionably in better form than Gatusso ( who admittedly remains one of Lippi ’s favourites ) .
Defence
At the back , the Juventus trio of Gianluigi Buffon in goal with Chiellini and Cannavaro ahead should have little problems in the opening three games , although Cannavaro has looked very shaky at points over the past year , particularly when playing against pace – expect Italy to play a deep defensive line to compensate .
A switch to three at the back could make sense against sides playing two out - and - out strikers , which would mean turning to either Leonardo Bonucci or Salvatore Bocchetti , who have just seven caps between them .
The full - backs would push on to become wing - backs with little problem .
One full - back will be Gianluca Zambrotta , and his position will be decided according to whether Lippi prefers Domenico Criscito , a left - back , or Christian Maggio , a right - back .
Both have played further forward in wide midfield positions for the majority of the past year at club level , and offer a great attacking threat .
Forwards
Which full - back plays might depend on the forward three , because Lippi often fields a striker in one of the wide roles .
It ’s often Vincenzo Iaquinta on the right – he is more of a central striker but works hard on the wing and provides a direct goal threat , especially in the air .
On the opposite side will be Antonio di Natale , a player more comfortable in a wide position , and coming off a brilliant season where he finished Serie A top goalscorer in a poor Udinese side .
The central striker should be Alberto Gilardino , a marvellous player who offers excellent movement , particularly with darting runs towards the near post , and has recently become the natural heir to Pippo Inzaghi by being involved in running battles with the linesman .
Giampaolo Pazzini is an alternative , playing more of a targetman role .
In theory , this Italian side works better than it actually has done on the pitch , however , and the friendly performances have n’t been particularly encouraging .
Fabio Quagliarella ’s goal against Switzerland may help his cause – he is more suited to the wide - right position than Iaquinta .
A tridente of di Natale - Gilardino - Quagliarella looks best on paper , with two genuine wide forwards either side of a poacher with good movement , but this has never been tried by Lippi .
Two players who deserve a starting spot – Riccardo Montolivo and Fabio Quagliarella – linked up for Italy ’s ( slightly strange ) goal against Switzerland last week
What Italy really lack is a trequartista , being without Francesco Totti for the first time since the World Cup of 1998 .
None of the forwards are deep - lying ones who could play that role , and so it might be up to Pirlo and / or Montolivo to play further forward – otherwise Italy could struggle for creativity in the final third .
Alternatively , Lippi will use different forwards to perform different roles .
In the World Cup four years ago he took six forwards – Totti , Gilardino , Iaquinta , Luca Toni , Alessandro del Piero and Pippo Inzaghi – and incredibly , all of them scored at one point or another , as all were needed at separate times .
That might be the case again , but then Lippi has less of a variety in attacking roles this time .
Simone Pepe of Udinese could offer natural width as substitute .
Conclusion
Italy should be able to waltz through the group stage .
In the quarter - finals , they ’ll probably come up against Spain , a side they managed to stifle two years ago at the same stage .
A good defensive display can be expected despite Cannavaro ’s advancing years .
Creativity is the main worry with no Totti and no Pirlo ( for the opening games ) , and how Lippi gets around that problem might hold the key to their performance .
With a tactician like Lippi they could be more successful than people expect , although he has fewer options than four years ago .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Florida State Sen. Michael Bennett was caught viewing images of topless women last week on the Senate floor .
A video of Bennett , a Republican , looking at the pictures on a computer was captured by the Sunshine State News on Thursday .
The short video shows the image on Bennett 's computer before he clicks away to something else .
It is unclear how long the image was on Bennett 's screen before he changed it .
The video of the state senator was captured during debate of a bill focused on abortion .
Bennett did not immediately respond to a request for comment from POLITICO but told the Sunshine State News that the picture was sent to him in an e-mail from a woman who " who happens to be a former court administrator . "
" I was just sitting there , bored as they were debating the abortion bill , " Bennett said .
" I opened it up and said ' Holy s�-!
What 's on my screen ? '
And clicked away from it right away . "
In the background of the video , one of Bennett 's colleagues can be heard voicing his opposition to the bill in question because " it disrespects too many women . "
The Arizona Republic is a member of the Politico Network .
ST . JOHN’S , Newfoundland ( Reuters ) -
There is no reason to stop Chevron from drilling Canada ’s deepest offshore well until there is solid evidence on the cause of BP ’s catastrophic Gulf of Mexico oil spill , Newfoundland ’s natural resources minister said on Thursday .
Kathy Dunderdale , responsible for energy development in Canada ’s third - largest oil producing province , defended the provincial government ’s decision to allow further drilling and said a moratorium would have hurt the local economy .
“ Everybody ’s hopping around all over the place , in terms of we ought to be doing or should be doing or could be doing without ever understanding what went wrong in the Gulf , so what are we fixing ? ” she told Reuters in an interview .
“ Slowing down the offshore , we could be putting dozens if not hundreds of people out of work , having quite an economic impact here in the province , affecting people ’s lives and what ’s the rationale on doing that ? ”
On Wednesday Dunderdale told the Newfoundland and Labrador Oil and Gas Industries Association annual meeting : “ We are wide open for business with plenty of opportunities to grow and develop here . ”
An April 20 explosion on an offshore rig leased by British Petroleum killed 11 workers and ruptured a deep - sea well , creating what U.S. President Barack Obama has called the worst environmental disaster America has ever faced .
There are several oil projects off the Newfoundland coast , but Chevron , which last month started work on a new exploration well , has the only deepwater drilling currently underway .
Chevron is drilling the Lona 0 - 55 exploration well in the Orphan Basin , some 430 kilometers ( 270 miles ) northeast of the capital St. John’s .
The federal - provincial agency that regulates offshore drilling tightened rules for Chevron after the Gulf disaster , but insisted it was safe to go ahead with exploration and suggested BP may have used questionable practices .
Chevron will have to provide test results for the blowout preventer and activation systems at the well , after BP ’s blowout system failed inexplicably .
“ There are assumptions being made about what caused the incident in the Gulf of Mexico that as far as I know do n’t have any basis in fact at this point in time .
There ’s discussion about the BOP ( blowout preventer ) valve not functioning in deep water .
We have no evidence of that , ” said Dunderdale .
INCREASED SCRUTINY
Chevron ’s drill ship will also face more frequent audits and inspections , and regulators will aim to ensure safety systems are functioning before the well reaches the oil .
Last month , outspoken Premier Danny Williams said forcing Chevron to drill a relief well would spike costs dramatically , threatening billions of dollars in lost provincial revenue .
Soon after the BP accident , the Obama administration imposed a six - month moratorium on drilling in waters more than 500 feet deep for time to determine the exact cause of the failure .
That made Canada ’s East Coast the only region in North America where deep - water drilling can go on .
Chevron is drilling its well in more than 2,600 meters ( 8,530 feet ) of water , a record for Canada , and nearly twice as deep the BP well that has been gushing tens of thousands of barrels of oil per day into the Gulf .
BP and Exxon Mobil have longer term plans to look for oil in the Beaufort Sea , north of the Arctic Circle .
“ This about understanding risk and how do we mitigate that risk and what ’s sensible ... and there will be risk at the end of the day , there ’s no question , ” Dunderdale said .
“ I hope at the end of the day ... we ’ll have good learnings over and above what we ’re doing now to protect human safety and to protect the environment further .
That ’s the best we could hope for . ”
South Korean fans are getting excited about their national team 's chances for winning the World Cup , so naturally they dressed penguins from a Seoul aquarium in team uniforms and put them on a model soccer field .
Link via Geekosystem
The job market is improving , but one statistic presents a stark reminder of the challenges that remain : Nearly half of the unemployed — 45.9 % — have been out of work longer than six months , more than at any time since the Labor Department began keeping track in 1948 .
Even in the worst months of the early 1980s , when the jobless rate topped 10 % for months on end , only about one in four of the unemployed was out of work for more than six months .
Overall , ...
The 28 - year - old Seidenberg is a veteran of 374 regular season NHL games and has compiled 18 goals , 98 assists and 116 points in his seven NHL seasons .
This season marked Seidenberg ’s first with the Bruins , as he was traded from Florida to Boston with Matt Bartkowski at this year ’s trade deadline ( March 3 , 2010 ) , for Craig Weller , Byron Bitz and a 2010 second round pick .
Boston is the fifth NHL team Seidenberg has suited up for , along with Philadelphia , Phoenix , Carolina and Florida .
He has appeared in 19 postseason games during his career with Philadelphia and Carolina and registered 1 - 5=6 totals in those playoff contests .
He skated in 17 games this year with the Black & Gold and tallied 2 goals , 7 assists and 9 points .
For the season with Boston and Florida , Seidenberg set career highs in games played ( 79 ) , assists ( 28 ) and points ( 32 ) , in addition to potting four goals .
He also led the NHL in blocked shots with 215 .
Seidenberg missed the final four games of the regular season and the entire playoffs after sustaining a lacerated tendon in his forearm during the Bruins / Maple Leafs game on April 3 .
He had surgery to repair the tendon on April 6 and the recovery time was eight weeks .
Seidenberg played for Team Germany at the 2010 Olympic Games in Vancouver and has been a teammate of Marco Sturm on the German squad in four international tournaments ( 2001 Worlds , 2002 Olympics , 2008 Worlds , 2010 Olympics ) .
The 6 ’1 ” , 210 - pound native of Schwenningen , Germany was selected by the Philadelphia Flyers in the sixth round ( 172nd overall ) of the 2001 NHL Entry Draft .
Sunday , June 13 , 2010
Edit :
The feedback from comments is that the names “ teleological ” and “ ontogenetic ” are n't good fits .
I agree .
There 's an interpretation in which the terms work but there are also other ways to interpret them where it does n't make sense .
I had gotten the terms from the procedural content wiki , but in the future I 'll avoid using these terms .
I 've changed the blog text to use “ bottom up ” and “ top down ” .
Thanks for the feedback .
Long ago , I spent years working on the terrain generation for a game I worked on .
I used earthquake faults , volcanoes , soil erosion , lava , river erosion , sediment deposition , water flow , weather simulation , vegetation ( affected soil , which affected erosion ) , forest fires , floods , continental uplift , and other physical processes .
This is the teleological approach bottom up approach to making maps .
To make good maps , I 'd change parameters and run it to see if the maps looked good .
I 'd go back and change parameters again and again .
Ideally I 'd write a search / evolutionary algorithm that explored the parameter space .
To do that I need to write code to determine whether a map will look to my eye , and I never did figure that out .
I knew it when I saw it .
The other approach to map making is ontogenetic top down .
Start with the structure you want to see , and make algorithms produce that directly and fill in the details .
This is what I did with last year 's simple map generation project .
I had seen Perlin Noise , and thought , hm , that looks vaguely like a map — let 's see how much work it takes to turn it into a map .
Not much , it turns out !
For the past month I 've been working on a new map generation project .
I wanted island / continent maps with rivers , and Perlin Noise was n't a good fit for that .
I tried making random mountains come out of the ocean , and then using water flow algorithms to carve out rivers .
I 've been tweaking and testing , tweaking and testing , tweaking and testing , and finally realized that I 'm back to using bottom up algorithms .
It 's incredibly addictive .
It feels right : erosion , mountains , gravity , and all the other “ realistic ” things that form terrain .
The trouble is that I really do n't need all of that .
I 'm working on 2D Flash games , and I do n't need terrain ; I need maps .
It does n't need to be completely realistic .
It just has to be interesting .
So I 'm stepping back a bit and switching back to the top - down approach .
I 'm drawing some maps that I like , and then I 'll find algorithms that generate maps like those , instead of modeling physical processes that produce realistic terrain .
I think this will lead to better maps with less work .
Update : [ 2010-09 - 04 ]
See my newer blog post to see the beginning of the new map generation project .
Labels : maps , noise , project
( CNN ) --
The Los Angeles City Council overwhelmingly approved a boycott of Arizona - based businesses and governments Wednesday unless the state repeals a new law giving police the power to question a detainee 's immigration status .
Several other California cities , including San Francisco and Oakland , have already adopted resolutions requesting city departments to not sign any new contracts with Arizona companies .
The Arizona law requires immigrants to carry their registration documents at all times and allows police to question individuals ' immigration status in the process of enforcing any other law or ordinance .
The Los Angeles resolution passed Wednesday said Arizona 's new immigration law " encourages racial profiling and violates Fourteenth Amendment guarantees of due process and equal protection for U.S. citizens , legal residents and visitors who are detained for suspicion of being in the country unlawfully . "
The city 's legislative analyst reported that Los Angeles currently has $ 56 million in contracts with companies headquartered in Arizona .
The city 's Harbor Department , which has $ 26 million of such contracts , is opposing the resolution , the report said .
This includes money for the " Clean Truck Program , " it said .
" The Harbor does not recommend rescinding this incentive program due to adverse effects this action would have on the environment and public health , " the analyst wrote .
The resolution also prohibits city employees from traveling to Arizona " unless special circumstances can be demonstrated " that canceling a trip would " harm city interests . "
The National Council of La Raza announced a boycott last week against Arizona 's $ 18.6 billion tourism industry because of the new law , and called on other groups to join .
Nearly 30 organizations have come on board , including the Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network , People for the American Way , the Japanese American Citizens League and the Service Employees International Union .
Critics of the law say it will lead to racial profiling , while supporters say it involves no racial profiling and is needed to crack down on increasing crime involving illegal immigrants .
We five stood in a furnished basement in the suburbs of Saint Louis , next to a plastic Christmas tree and a Frazetta painting .
We held hands like we have since we were children , when the adults would n’t let us talk during the ritual for fear that we would invoke the spirits of Bugs Bunny and Luke Skywalker .
We snickered as the priestess called the quarters of the Yule ritual by pressing play on a boombox .
We told ourselves that this is not how we were supposed to worship the Goddess and the Horned God , that this was something foreign , silly .
We pursed our lips and were dissatisfied with our inheritance .
Our parents ’ living room was our church .
That ’s where our families would gather on the full moon .
With our wooden athames and rayon robes , we would follow along as Eric ’s mother cast a circle around the couches and coffee tables with an iron scimitar , while his father traced pentagrams in salt and water .
We would follow the path from the east to the north calling in the spirits of elements : Megan ’s sister in the south , perhaps , Joe ’s father in the west .
We boys would watch the girls join their mothers and invoke some aspect of the Great Goddess : “ I am a violet , poking up from the fallen leaves , ” Sarah would say .
We girls would watch the boys transform into the Great God : “ I am the stag galloping through the forest , ” Alaric would say .
We children would sing our hymns : “ We All Come from the Goddess , ” “ She Changes Everything She Touches , ” even “ The Lord of the Dance , ” which our Christian friends would tell us actually belonged to them .
We would sit on the hardwood floor and eat sacred cakes and sip sacred wine , whispering to each other in serious voices : “ May you never hunger , may you never thirst . ”
We five were once more than five , were seven or eight .
That was before Aimee ’s parents quit coming , before Bridget became an atheist .
We five grew up , moved on , moved away , scattered to work or college or other distractions .
We came home for Yule and found something sad and childish .
We wondered what was missing , what had been lost .
We sat in the den of the house in the suburbs , chewing on scalloped potatoes and roast beef , and wondered what to do .
We longed for the mystery we felt when we were young .
We longed for the magic that turned TV rooms into temples .
We longed to feel something again at the moment the scimitar carved the mystical from the mundane .
We talked , and we frowned , and we decided that next year , we would take the festival of Lughnasadh .
Lughnasadh , Lugh ’s feast — Lugh of the big hand , the clever wit , the bright - shining sun .
Lughnasadh , the first of August , when Lugh sat at the peak of his powers and looked already to his decline and his fall .
We found some special romance in this holiday that we could not express ; perhaps it was simply the dream of summer , a place far away from the cold we felt on the longest night of the year .
We went to the kitchen and told the adults .
We read the surprise on their faces .
We spent the first turn of the Wheel of the Year looking through libraries , making reservations , deciding what to cook .
We booked a pavilion in Tower Grove Park and forgot to pay the reservation fee .
We found another shelter in another park and went there instead , amid grumbles about irresponsibility and inattentiveness by our elders .
We wrote the ritual and assigned the parts , and we waited impatiently for August .
The patriarch was waiting for us on Lughnasadh , already sitting in his wheelchair at the picnic tables when we arrived .
He told us stories while we put out the tablecloths and plastic forks : stories of the early days , when his coven was just one of many magical projects with names like the Phoenix Temple and the Ordo Templi Orientis .
His coven , Watersmeet , had vanished years ago , but its children , our covens — Pleiades , Watershade , Hollyoak — remained .
We smiled , and half - listened , and tried to get ready for the show .
We went over the script once more before our parents arrived .
Eric prepared to work the salt and water , as he had watched his father do so many times before .
Sarah examined her curved cavalry sword and walked around the edge of the clearing .
Her brother Joe was dressed in white with a leafy crown , and we could all see Lugh hiding behind his lean , serious face .
Megan lay down in the grass and we surrounded her with wheat , outlining where she would lie when she , as Lugh ’s mother Tailte , would die during the course of our rite .
Alaric tapped expectantly on the head of his drum and hummed to himself :
This is the tale of Lugh the Sun King , who lost his life on solstice day …
We looked up and saw the first of the sedans and minivans parking outside the pavilion .
We saw the first of our aunts , uncles , mothers , and fathers carry plates of feast - food to the picnic tables .
We made our altar on a tree stump , where we placed the candles , incense , salt , water , knives , the cavalry sword , the wine and bread .
We looked through the heat shimmerat the pond at the edge of the woods , and at the sun , and at each other .
We marveled at this dream of summer .
We had not found what was missing ; we had not found the magic of innocence again , our naïve dreams .
Time had rid us of them ; things are never as we remember .
But there are things we can only discover about our parents when we take their places , things to learn about magic that only magicians can know .
We five took deep breaths and joined hands , pleased , at last , with what we had been given .
We walked up the hill to the pavilion , and we welcomed our parents to Lughnasadh .
A couple of years ago Salvatore Magaddino , who oversees the distribution of materials for the New York Public Library , complained at a meeting that he was having trouble recruiting book sorters , the people responsible for sorting the millions of books sent each year from one branch library to another .
“ It was a mundane , boring job , ” Mr. Magaddino said the other day , standing next to a result of that complaint , a gigantic new automated book sorter housed in a renovated warehouse in Long Island City , Queens .
This machine  believed to be the largest of its kind  has eliminated much of the drudgery since it was turned on two months ago .
Now , when a library visitor anywhere in the system requests a book located at another branch , the automated sorter does the work of routing it .
Here is how it works :
On one side of the machine , which is two - thirds the length of a football field and encircled by a conveyor belt , staff members place each book face - down on a separate panel of the belt .
The book passes under a laser scanner , which reads the bar code on the back cover , and the sorter communicates with the library ’s central computer system to determine where the book should be headed .
Then , as the conveyor belt moves along , it drops the book into one of 132 bins , each associated with a branch library .
It ’s sort of like a baggage carousel that knows which bag is yours and deposits it at your feet .
Image Books arriving to be sorted at the Long Island City facility .
Credit ... Uli Seit for The New York Times
When he spoke up at the meeting , Mr. Magaddino did not even know that such machines existed .
But soon after , a librarian who had been there pointed him to a YouTube video of an automated sorter in Washington State .
Mr. Magaddino did some lobbying , and the library decided to order one .
MYSORE :
The leading tier - II city that bagged second slot in the nation - wide survey on sanitation , is aiming to put its wastes to generate fuel .
The eco-friendly bio - gas will be used for power generation and also as fuel for public transport vehicles .
An expert team from Sweden on Wednesday did a little ground work visiting the solid waste management plant and sewerage plants in the city .
The MCC , which has entered into an MoU with a Swedish municipality to convert the wastes into fuel , extended the data needed to work out the action plan .
The Swedish team , led by Carina Farm , met the corporation commissioner K S Raykar and discussed the details with him .
The team comprises Ronald Alsbro and Svante Sundquist , which is here as a follow - up visit to the five - member team from the MCC that was in Sweden a year ago .
The MCC and the Eskilstuna municipality have agreed to help each other in maintaining the city under the sister - city concept .
The team collected data like amount of solid waste generated daily , its composition , segregation and how it is presently handled .
It also took note of the locations where these plants are located .
This information will be used to set - up the bio - gas plant , to produce methane , said superintending engineer Suresh Babu .
The MCC has requested the Swedish civic body to extend the technology and also to assist them in setting up the plant .
The team will work out the details and come back by August , the SE explained .
The amount of methane produces and the ways of using it will be worked out by the Swedish experts , he stated .
The team visited sewage treatment plants at Kesare and Rayanakere and to solid waste treatment plant at Sewage Farm in Vidyaranyapuram .
According to the SE , the Swedish municipality has expertise in the bio - gas sector and is presently operating its fleet of 45 city buses on methane .
The Swedish town has a population of 1 lakh and is handing its waste efficiently , he stated .
The bio - gas is also sold , since it is produced in excess there , he said .
Eskilstuna is located south - east of Sweden .
The idea is to efficiently use the solid waste generated in the city and to use it for fuel generation so that dependence on the electricity is lessened .
This comes amidst Mysore getting the Centre 's project to make its street - lighting system operate on solar power .
Liam Greymane : Prince of the kingdom of Gilneas
Genn Greymane : King of Gilneas and Liam ’s father
Lord Darius Crowley : Old friend of Genn Greymane & former leader of a rebellion opposing Genn .
Lorna Crowley : Darius ’ daughter
Krennan Aranas : Developer of the antidote that oppresses your inner demons .
Lord Godfrey : Genn ’s
Ally , later the one who betrays him in order to stop Forsaken siege
Westfall
Ashenvale
The sick child
Stonetalon Mountains
Some random Darkshore & Ashenvale impressions
Random stuff :
A list of all important characters is to be found in the end of the post .
I started as a rather ugly human in the city of Gilneas .
The first quest was handed to me by " Prince Liam Greymane " , son of King Genn Greymane .
The city seems to be in a civil war kind of state , as there are Worgen fighting the citizens everywhere .
( Prince Liam handing you the first quest . )
Liam explains how his father already warned him of Arugal 's creations running amok .
As you progress you get to know that many supplies were already destroyed and Gilneas would n't be able to get through any longer if you would n't save some supply crates .
While progressing into the military district you meet King Greymane , who tells you to rescue his old friend " Lord Darius Crowley " from prison as he might be a powerful ally in fighting against the Worgen threat .
( King Genn , Lord Godfrey and some soldiers . )
( Godfrey talking about how he does n't like the idea of having a traitor among his men . )
He once lead a riot against Greymane , that ’s why he ’s a con right now .
As you rescue him Crowley tells you about rebel arsenals which you and your allies might utilize against the enemy forces .
( You and Crowley fighting worgs .
The buff is provided by him , heals you constantly and makes you hit harder . )
( The arsenal 's guard being like crazy .
A second later he turns into a Worgen & Crowley 's daughter rescues you . )
Now that you 've found cannons and such , you might believe you 're able to send those Worgen straight to hell , but there are some remaining tasks .
King Greymane asks you to rescue a civillian called " Krennan Aranas " , but he 's not only a civillian but also one of the most talented Alchemists in the Kingdom of Gilneas .
Again , you do as you 're told .
( You and Crowley rally up some Worgen to kill them on the Cathedral square . )
The grand finale takes place in the cathedral district .
Wiping out wave after wave of Worgen with a cannon provided by Crowley , you finally escape into the cathedral , because most of the ammo is drained .
After killing some more worgen , you jump 1 year ahead .
( Pew Pewing some Worgen on the Cathedral square with Crowley 's artillery ) ( Worgen invading the Cathedral . ) --- 1 Year later --- By now you 've turned into a Worgen and are hanging out in a pillory , in the city of Duskhaven Althoug you 're a relentless & bloodthirsty killing machine , the Alchemist & Greymane did n't give up on you yet & feed you the double dosage of a potion Krennan mixed . ( the pillory & the beast ) After consuming it you seem to be finally able to oppress your inner demons .
You 're told that a therapy is needed to keep you in the state of clear mind .
In order to obtain some more potions Krennan wants you to get some of his ingredients .
As you try to get them , you notice that the vials are broken & one of the guardsmen was slain .
Looking to the sea , you see some ships of the forsaken , which are obviously invading Gilneas . ( the picture says it all After killing some of the invasional forces and even one of their leaders , you report back to " Lord Godfrey " ( Who 's a confidant of Greymane , but dislikes the idea of working with you , as you 're a Worgen . )
( Throwing gunpowder barrels on abominations and letting the prince shoot them is much fun . )
( Killing one of the invasion leaders with a bunch of dogs , lol . )
The ground is shaken by an earthquake ( obviously first signs of the Cataclysm ) and as you get out of the building , you see that a strip of the coastal area has sunken into the sea .
Good : the ships have sunken as well .
Bad : noone knows , whether there will be further quakes that wreak even more havoc . ( earthquaaake ) ( the map is open to show how much of land was shattered ) You 're tasked to evacuate some people ( e.g. Lorna Crowley , whose dad " Lord Crowley " seemingly died in the Worgen siege ) and finally take a carriage to the next village of Gilneas .
( Greymane manor ) ( Genn showing you that another quake destroyed Duskhaven ) As if there was n't enough bad luck your carriage breaks down & your trapped between some Ogres , an Ettin ( it 's the result of an ogre & a giant having a good time :] ) , and some Forsaken .
You lure the Ettin right to the forsaken and are able to finally escape to the next ville .
( Yaaay , killed two birds with one stone !
Lorna ( Crowley 's daughter ) put some clues together and sends you to an old mill , where you meet a nightelf which then sends you to a tree .
Under it , you find an old friend .
Crowley obviously survived the worgen siege , but has turned into a worgen himself .
He and the Nightelves have found a ( partly ) cure to the Worgen curse .
After you obtain an artifact , which was stolen by the Forsaken , you are finally cured and able to turn into a human , whenever you want .
( Uncovering where Crowley is hangin ' out . )
( You drink from three wells & are cured from the curse . )
King Greymane and Lord Godfrey arrive at the scenery and Crowley is ordered to serve in Greymanes army by Godfrey .
Crowley who 's unsure of Greymanes real intentions asks him whether he comes as a friend or a tyrant & Genn reveals that he 's a Worgen as well .
( OMG !
Greymane 's a Worgen ! :O ) As Godfrey believes that the Forsaken stop their siege , as they get King Greymane , he holds him as a hostage , but as you kill Godfreys supporters he surrenders and spares Greymane .
( You saved Greymane & Godfrey kills himself . )
Greymane & his son lead a small army , that wants to eradicate the Forsaken forces in the city of Gilneas .
After fighting through hundreds of soldiers and abominations and even a small boss ( Rotface model says hello ! ) you arrive in the court district , where Sylvannas is to be found .
She stuns all the forces ( including you ) & tries to kill King Greymane , but his son jumps into the way of the poisoned arrow and dies . ( the battle for Gilneas begins ) ( Rotface or Festergut [ mixing them up all the time ] wannabe . )
( We almost killed Sylvannas ! :[ ) ( Liam sacrificed himself to save his dad . ) : ) Although he 's bitter as hell , Genn sends you to do one last task - eavesdrop on Sylvannas in the cathedral .
As you eavesdrop on her , she is told to cease the application of plague bombs in Gilneas by one of Garrosh 's generals .
However , as he leaves , Sylvannas tells her High Executor to continue dropping Plague bombs .
( Well wtf , since when is Sylvannas more of a baddy than Garrosh ? ) ( Psst. ) ( the log . )
After fulfilling this last task you 're sent to the coastal area of Gilneas , where you eradicate the last horde attackers with your nightelf allies .
( Genn crying over the death of his son . )
( You need to cross a tunnel full of agressive critters to reach the coast . ) ( Yay , Glaivethrower action . )
As the last quests are not ingame yet , you 're just ported to Rutheran in Darnassus & continue questing as everyone else .
Upon entering Westfall you ’ll notice that Furlbrow , his wife & Old Blanchy are missing .
On a second look you notice that the cart they were standing in front of is right in your way & behind it you ’ll find Horatio Laine and two Stormwind Investigators looking at the corpses of aforementioned people / animal .
You get to know that all of them were killed & Horatio Laine wants you to investigate on the Jansen Stead , were many homeless people are lurking around , as Deathwing destroyed their houses in Stormwind & Varian does n’t care about them .
Years ago this field was invaded by the Defias - Brotherhood , but you get to know that they were wiped out .
They give you different clues : Someone heard human voices yelling .
The next could smell someone “ rich ” .
The third person is accusing Varian of the murder , as he does n’t care about his citizens , he then adds that he saw some Gnolls leaving before the investigators arrived .
The fourth and last clue tells you something about Murlocs , which fled when Laine arrived .
Laine then tasks you to investigate the Murloc- & Gnolltrail .
After killing some Gnolls you find a tattered and torn piece of red cloth .
The Murlocs drop a letter which is missing some words .
Laine tells you how those 2 clues are of no use ( idiot he is . )
He then sends you to two - shoed Lou , who ’s an informant of him .
He hands you a crate , which once was his house ( lol ( : ) and points you over to the Jangolode Mine , where you bear witness of a meeting between an Ogre and a shadowy figure ( clearly a woman , but well , nothing but a shadow . )
As the shadowy figure angers the Ogre ( who seems to be a mage , judging on his outfit ) he threatens to kill her , but she explains how he would fail miserably .
Instead she offers him wealth and power if he joins her .
He accepts & she says that she calls him “ when the dawning is upon us .
” As you return to Two - shoed Lou , he has another bit of information .
Behind the barn right beside you , there are four thugs conspiring & it might be of use if you eavesdropped their conversation .
As you listen to them you hear them talking about the shadowy figure & how she is grateful , that the four gangsters killed the Furlbrows ( woohoo , we found the murderers ! )
They notice you , but stand no chance and so you ’ll kill them .
Returning to Two - shoed Lou , Horatio Laine cowers over him , as he was assassinated & had his shoes put on his head ( haha ... ) .
Horatio Laine aware that we ’re missing some essential information sends you to Farmer Saldean and his wife , who might provide some additional information .
After killing some Harvest Watchers & helping Salma Saldean cooking her world - famous Westfall Stew , they tell you that they adopted a girl years ago , which suffered off amnesia , so they just named her “ Hope ” .
This ( by now ) young woman is very close to the homeless people in Westfall & is to be found in the Sentinel Tower at Sentinel Hill .
Arriving there , you see that Sentinel Hill is now surrounded by walls and none of the homeless people are let in .
At the tower you witness a conversation between Laine & Gryan Stoutmantle ( who was deployed in Northrend for some time & has returned to Westfall , after the Lich King ’s Fall ) Stoutmantle ensures Laine any support he could provide .
Our investigator then notices a worgen in a pillory and asks Stoutmantle what ’s up with him .
This worgen just killed some sheep in the countryside and is highly dangerous .
Talking to Hope , she asks you to help some of the homeless around Sentinel Hill by feeding them Westfall Stew , you do so .
Stoutmantle wants you to kill some Gnolls , as they are up to something .
You find an attack plan which mentions someone called Helix & is signed with just a “ V ” .
Stoutmantle remembers that Stormwind ’s SI: 7 was tracking a Goblin called Helix Gearbreaker for quite some time .
He then sends you to an SI : 7 agent , called Kearnen , near Mortwake ’s Tower ( back in classic you had to do your rogue - poisonquest over there ) .
As you approach Kearnen , she explains that the tower is heavily guarded by mercenaries , but she ’d snipe them down if they attacked you .
Upon entering the tower you consume a stealth potion and walk up , where you again eavesdrop on a conversation .
This time it ’s between the shadowy figure and Helix Gearbreaker .
Gearbreaker explains how the gnolls failed rescuing “ the admiral ” , but the figure does n’t seem to matter much , she explains how they ’ll free him as soon as “ the dawning ” begins .
In the end she asks Gearbreaker to organize a meeting in Moonbrook .
Stoutmantle sends you to a small Alliance outpost near Moonbrook , where you are asked to collect some propaganda material .
In addition to an issue of the Moonbrook Times , an informationl Pamphlet and mysterious propaganda .
You find a secret journal , which says something about how a “ Brotherhood ” will rise again and “ wash across this land as a flood to cleanse it of its filth and corruption ” .
Again , some of the propaganda material was signed with a “ V ” .
You are then send to the meeting between many of the homeless & the shadowy figure .
She calls themselves the “ abandoned , orphaned children of Stormwind ” and how Varian needs to be made accountable , as he does n’t care about their plight .
She declares that they all are reborn by today – “ as men and women , not nameless faceless numbers !
” When returning to the outpost , it is suggested that you ask a shaman , who ’s nearby , for some help .
He hands you some incense and wants you to go into the deadmines ( the dungeon , not just the place ) .
As you progress through the tunnel ’s you ’ll notice that even there are no Defias to be found .
After entering the dungeon you use the incense and have a vision of VanCleefs death 5 years ago .
After the Alliance heroes left the dungeon , a small girl , named “ Vanessa VanCleef ” approaches VanCleef and says “ Daddy ... ” .
As you return to Stoutmantle and Laine and tell them about VanCleefs daughter , Hope walks towards you and says “ You bastards will burn for what you did . ”
Stoutmantle is clearly confused as she continues “ Hope ?
Is that what I was supposed to feel when I saw my father decapitated by your henchmen ? ” .
Helix as well as some stealthy Defias join the scenery as Hope drops her disguise .
Stoutmantle as well as the investigators are stunned , but you are spared , as Vanessa explains that you helped her cause , although not intentional .
She frees the worgen from his pillory , who then turns into a human & is introduced as “ Admiral Ripsnarl ” , part of the brotherhood .
As a last question , Laine asks why Vanessa let the Furlbrows be assassinated & she explains , how they always knew that she was the daughter of Ed VanCleef .
She then lets her henchmen thow torches at everything in Sentinel Hill & Stoutmantle requires you to tell Varian of the new Brotherhood threatening Stormwind .
As you tell Wrynn about everything , he orders some troops to Sentinel Hill and sends you back there .
After arriving there you ’re a witness how the troops are hopelessly fighting the Defias Brotherhood , as the whole Sentinel Hill is burning .
Upon entering Ashenvale from Darkshore , the first outpost you ’ll visitis the “ Blackfathom Camp ” , they ’re handing out the to - well - known “ Kill some Nagas , please ” quests along with many ( I think it ’s been 5 or 6 ) Blackfathom Deeps quests .
A little questline includes gathering some statues on the beach for some sort of archaeologist , he later on requires you to kill a Naga and get her ring , as it is the key to decrypt some inscriptions in the statues .
I then wandered off to “ Orendil ’s Retreat ” where I met Evenar Stillwhisper , tells me something about a sick child in Astranaar and how I might help by collecting a herb , called “ Bathran ’s Hair ” .
A sentinel right beside him explains , how , at the place where I am to gather the herbs , there are many grunts & apothecaries of the horde .
As I approach the place I notice a huge scheme , which resembles an Ancient ( those huge nightelven trees ) , he explains that he ’s Bathran and how he was lumbered by the horde in order to harvest his hair .
He asks me to burn his corpse , so the Horde would n’t profit of his dead body & the herb .
I did as I was told , killed Horde , collected herbs & burnt the dead tree .
After delivering the herbs to him , Evenar Stillwhisper explains how he wants us to join forces at Maestra ’s Post , as it is heavily under siege .
Arriving there , I helped the local forces to thwart the Orcish invasion .
A man called Orendil Broadleaf helped me in finding a cure for the sick child , as he made a potion out of the herbs I collected .
But as I thought I might leave for Astranaar now , he added that the drink needed to be bathed in the light of Elune , so he advised me to get deeper into the forrests of Ashenvale , where I would find the light .
Returning to Orendil he explains how the potion is finally ready to be consumed , he sends me off to Astranaar where I would meet the child and her father .
As I got there , I saw how there were Windriders flying all over the village & setting buildings afire .
Kind as I am I helped the nightelves with this matter right before I got to the sick child .
I handed her father the potion and he made his sleeping girl drink it .
Although she wakes up for some seconds , she falls asleep again , as the potion was not able to cure her mysterious disease .
Her father tells me that he and Orendil talked about another possible cure , the so - called “ Elune ’s Tear . ”
A stone which was to be found in the Iris Lake , which was completely destroyed by a volcanic eruption at Thunder Peak .
After walking there I see some water and jumped into it , as I believed the stone may be down there .
After desperately trying to find something , I walked into the direction of the volcano & finally found Elune ’s Tear , but it was not quite as I imagined , as it was covered by dirt & a little tarnished .
The girl ’s father put the Tear into a bowl and cooked a stew with it .
Feeding the stew to his daughter , you watch her struggling in her sleep .
Although the cure did n’t work , her father had an idea how the whole thing could work .
He returns Elune ’s Tear to you & asks you to visit the Moonwell of Purity , where you would cleanse it from the corruption , which was infused by the volcanic eruption .
As I put it into the moonwell a huge ray of light irradiated from the moonwell and the Tear and I heard a tingling in my ear .
After some seconds the tingling turned into a voice which told me how I was able to finally heal the girl .
I was sent to a Satyr called Avrus Illwhisper , who was to be found at Raynewood Tower .
The voice told me , that Avrus himself was looking for redemption & he achieved his goal , I would achieve mine too .
When I talked to him , it was clear that he hates being a Satyr & that he wanted to help me healing the girl .
He explained how his brethren possessed some corrupted Moonstones which he could cleanse & use for curing the girl .
So I was off to kill some Satyrs to obtain five of those moonstones .
As I returned to him , he explained how that there was one additional objective to be met , in order to cleanse the moonstones : a sacrifice of life .
Before I could say something , the Satyr ripped his own heart out of his chest & put it together with the moonstones .
Instead of watching him die , I watched a light both cleansing the stones & turning him into a Nightelf .
Avrus then thanked me for redeeming him & handed me the stones , which I again brought to the childs father who crushed them into a cup of tea .
After the girl drank some of the tea , she miraculously wakes up & seems completely vivacious again .
Well , that was the first big questline in Ashenvale , a write - up of the others is soon to follow .
I ’ll post some screens of the area as well , later I ’ll put them in the right order concerning the story .
Since the Alpha - Servers are currently down , here is the first batch of Stonetalon Mountains Screens .
More to come , as soon as the servers are back online & I 'm awake again .
Remember that it 's just a small part of Stonetalon Mountains as I just started questing there .
Some word on the screens .
There are some Elite - Mobs having a flamethrower , they carry a gas - tank on their back which is attackable .
By killing it , it explodes and kills the mob .
I got to ride a Zeppelin , with a huge bomb hanging from it , more details on that as soon as I start talkin ' bout the storylines .
Killing some flying mobs with the cannons was fun as well , the first time they fall from their flying mount a glide down with a parachute , so you 'll need to shoot them again , that 's when they fall apart into piles of meat :]
In the Windshear Crag Horde and Alliance are fighting all the time .
On one of those screens you see Gnomes & Gnomish Pummelbots fighting against Goblins & Goblin Shredders .
Concluding , I may say that I have high hopes concerning this zone .
Deathwing , Ysera , Ragnaros , Baron Geddon , Cenarius , Jarod Shadowsong !
; DDo n't ask me why Deathwing 's floating in the air right in front of a raid portal , I do n't know .
He 's not aggroable , and does n't emote or anything .
By Mark Hughes
BBC F1 commentary box producer
A furious Fernando Alonso suggested the European Grand Prix result had been " manipulated " .
The Ferrari driver believed the Lewis Hamilton safety car - line incident and the subsequent ineffective drive - through penalty notified 15 laps after Hamilton had committed the offence - and served three laps after that - was a travesty .
But emotion was clouding Alonso 's judgement .
When you look beneath the surface , examine the incident and its implications step by step , the explanations are rather more mundane than a conspiracy against Alonso and Ferrari .
The Spaniard 's anger was understandable , in that he had obeyed the rules and effectively been punished while Hamilton broke them and effectively got off scot - free because the penalty did not cost him a place .
Before the incident Alonso had been in third place , pressuring Hamilton hard , and afterwards the Ferrari driver was back in a disastrous 11th place , his home race ruined at a crucial time in the championship battle .
Hamilton , meanwhile , remained in second place to the end .
The incident , involving as it did Hamilton , McLaren and the FIA 's Charlie Whiting pressed all of Alonso 's volatile emotion buttons .
There is history here : bad blood , and simmering resentment .
The circumstances of Sunday just happened to conspire to bring it all to the surface again and elements within Ferrari poured fuel onto the fire .
Alonso 's emotions are an intrinsic part of what makes him such a very great driver .
They are the fire within him and they have combined with a great racing brain and a brutally competitive soul to give us moments like passing Michael Schumacher around the outside of 130R , apex speed 208 mph , at the 2005 Japanese Grand Prix .
They and his fantastic gift are the raw material of his two world titles .
But , like all of the drivers , Alonso has an Achilles ' heel .
It took the speed of a rookie called Hamilton and then team principal Ron Dennis 's overbearing condescension in 2007 to reveal it .
Were it not for Hamilton , Alonso would probably now still be at McLaren as a four - time champion and pitching for a fifth .
Instead , he has had to endure two barren years in second - rate cars and now is having to build up his momentum all over again .
His reaction to Hamilton often being slightly faster caused him to blow a fuse .
To him it did not compute , and the way Dennis handled that situation made things much worse .
In the aftermath of Hungary ' 07 , their relationship was dead and any possibility of the originally envisioned mutual long - term future was over .
In 2006 - before joining McLaren - Alonso was given a ridiculous penalty in qualifying at Monza for supposedly delaying Felipe Massa 's Ferrari and the target of Alonso 's ire in the aftermath of that was race director Charlie Whiting .
That was the previous occasion on which Alonso publically announced that F1 was not a sport , just a business .
It was Whiting who handled the safety car and penalty situation at Valencia on Sunday - but on this occasion , when looked at in detail , it is clear he acted absolutely correctly and that Alonso and Ferrari were simply unfortunate .
Whiting scrambled the safety car and medical car as soon as he saw Mark Webber 's Red Bull airborne at a point on the circuit where the cars are travelling at about 190 mph .
The safety car 's job in this situation was to escort the medical car to the scene of the accident at turn 12 .
It exited the pit lane which funnels into Turn One just as Hamilton and Alonso were coming through that corner .
On seeing the safety car to his right , Hamilton 's instinctive reaction was to lift off .
He then realised that actually they had yet to reach the safety car line , so he accelerated again .
Had it not been for that momentary hesitation , Hamilton would have passed the safety car before the line and thereby been allowed to make for the pits at racing speed , so long as he acted accordingly to the yellow flags at the accident site .
But he just failed to reach the line before the safety car - and according to the rules should then have remained behind the safety car .
Hamilton says he realised it was a close call but was not sure if he 'd passed before the line or after it .
He chose to race to the pits at racing speed .
Alonso witnessed the whole thing , was certain Hamilton has transgressed and spent much of his race radioing the team that they should press the matter with Whiting .
Whiting was primarily concerned with attending to the Webber accident .
There is the option of having the safety car wave cars past until it picks up the leader but it is not a regulatory requirement .
Whiting adjudged that escorting the medical car was the priority - without regard to which competitors it affected - and so no - one was waved through until after the accident site .
This lost Alonso 21 seconds and nine places to Hamilton , as those cars that had pitted the previous lap - because they had not reached the pit-entry road when the safety car was deployed - lost way less time .
Upon the resumption of racing , it took seven laps before it was announced that Hamilton was under investigation and a further four before the drive - through penalty was confirmed .
The penalty has to be served within three laps of notification so Hamilton therefore had a total of 13 laps in which to pull out a big gap on those behind , meaning that he did not even lose his second place as he took the penalty .
Only once the Webber incident had been cleared and the race restarted could Whiting begin looking at the Hamilton incident .
In determining whether an offence had been committed he had a few key difficulties .
There was no timekeeping loop at that part of the track , so the evidence was going to rely on footage and the transponders of each car - Hamilton 's and the safety car - as they crossed the safety car line .
The in - car footage from Hamilton was far from decisive in that it was such a close call that the angle of the view could not support a conclusion .
He then ordered aerial footage from the official Formula 1 Management helicopter - and this took some time to be found .
The complication of the transponders in the two cars was that they were almost certainly at differing lengths from the frontal extremities of each car , so Whiting was seeking this information too .
Only once he had all this compiled did he feel confident in confirming that an offence had taken place .
At this point , he could have chosen a harsher penalty that would have had a greater detrimental effect on Hamilton 's position .
But the precedent for this offence is a drive - through .
It is not in the regulations , but is at the race director 's discretion .
Whiting was reluctant to subjectively apply a different penalty - because doing that would establish a new precedent : that the outcome of the race should be at the whim of whatever the race director wished it to be .
Then every decision he made would be liable to be seen as ' manipulation ' .
What happened on Sunday was the opposite of manipulation : just a systematic , consistent response that took no account of who suffered or who gained .
Under the circumstances that applied , it was absolutely correct .
Perhaps a new regulation should be established now to empower Whiting to apply a more fitting penalty for this offence in future .
But there was absolutely no evidence at Valencia of manipulation ; quite the contrary .
Mark Hughes has been an F1 journalist for more than 10 years .
He is the award - winning author of several books
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All done .
Bruins in OT , 5 - 4 . Marc Savard with the winner .
8:25 OT : 4 - 4
Another brilliant Brian Boucher stop , this time on Michael Ryder after a Patrice Bergeron dish .
4:27 OT : 4 - 4
After a bad change gives Dan Carcillo a breakaway .
Tuukka Rask stuffs the winger .
2:30 OT : 4 - 4
Tuukka Rask stops a trailing Scott Hartnell .
2:12 OT : 4 - 4
Bruins do everything but score .
Miroslav Satan with several glorious chances .
0:25 OT : 4 - 4
Daniel Paille robbed by Brian Boucher ’s glove .
20:00 3d period : 4 - 4
Philly taking momentum into OT .
Tuukka Rask looking human .
Great chance by Darroll Powe late after a fat rebound off Rask .
Advertisement
16:38 3d period : 4 - 4
Danny Briere drives right through Matt Hunwick and Dennis Wideman to beat Tuukka Rask .
Foiled on backhand , but tucks in forehand .
12:37 3d period : Bruins 4 - 3
Mike Richards goes upstairs for the short - range goal .
Philly captain playing a monstrous game .
Bruins wanting goalie interference call on Scott Hartnell earlier in shift .
11:14 3d period : Bruins 4 - 2
Mark Recchi and Chris Pronger sent off .
Heavy battling in front .
Extra two PIMs for Recchi .
9:18 3d period : Bruins 4 - 2
Brian Boucher called for roughing .
Went after Steve Begin after the forward knocked his stick out of his hands .
8:40 3d period : Bruins 4 - 2
Ville Leino hits the bar .
8:28 3d period : Bruins 4 - 2
Holding on Zdeno Chara .
The captain ’s stick had busted at other end .
7:25 3d period : Bruins 4 - 2
David Krejci buries a short - range shot over Brian Boucher .
Starts the play by retrieving cross -corner dump .
Milan Lucic with the initial helper .
6:05 3d period : Bruins 3 - 2
Sharpest stuff from Tuukka Rask this game .
Flurry of chances in front and from the point .
2:35 3d period : Bruins 3 - 2
Good stop by Tuukka Rask on Mike Richards ’s off - wing shot .
0:19 3d period : Bruins 3 - 2
Two good chances for the Bruins .
Johnny Boychuk ’s slapper nearly gets through off Chris Pronger ’s skate .
Advertisement
20:00 2d period : Bruins 3 - 2
Bruins holding a 21 - 19 shot advantage .
Adam McQuaid not looking very trustworthy .
17:17 2d period : Bruins 3 - 2
Adam McQuaid off for interference on Danny Briere .
Two stupid penalties by McQuaid .
15:48 2d period : Bruins 3 - 2
Chris Pronger with the one - time PPG from the right circle .
Tuukka Rask has to stop that .
First PPG allowed by Bruins in playoffs .
15:20 2d period : Bruins 3 -
1
Hooking on Adam McQuaid .
Five - on - three for 17 seconds .
14:30 2d period : Bruins 3 -
1
Mark Recchi replaces Marco Sturm on PK alongside Patrice Bergeron .
13:36 2d period : Bruins 3 -
1
Matt Hunwick off for holding .
First Philly PP .
11:43 2d period : Bruins 3 -
1
After a Johnny Boychuk slapper hits traffic in front , Miroslav Satan puts the rebound home .
Boychuk ’s initial shot deflected by Braydon Coburn .
Good move by Boychuk to walk the puck off the wall after Satan ’s feed .
No post - goal shuffle from Satan .
9:58 2d period : Bruins 2 - 1
After a post - whistle flareup , Dan Carcillo , Mike Richards , and Marc Savard sent to the box .
Savard and Richards yapping at each other .
9:50 2d period : Bruins 2 - 1
Claude Giroux slips behind the Boston defense .
Pad stop by Tuukka Rask .
7:38 2d period : Bruins 2 - 1
Ryan Parent sneaks a point shot past a sliding Steve Begin that beats Tuukka Rask .
Might have hit traffic in front .
Original pass got through Danny Briere to Parent .
6:45 2d period : Bruins 2-
0
Michael Ryder and Miro Satan skating with Marc Savard on PP2 .
5:13 2d period : Bruins 2-
0
Ill - advised interference penalty on Mike Richards , who belts Miro Satan in open ice .
First PP .
Advertisement
3:18 2d period : Bruins 2-
0
Patrice Bergeron tips a shot out front .
Brian Boucher stands tall .
1:50 2d period : Bruins 2-
0
Chance for James van Riemsdyk in front all alone .
Tuukka Rask covers up .
0:00 2d period : Bruins 2-
0
Vladimir Sobotka is on the bench to start the second .
20:00 1st period : Bruins 2-
0
Dominant first period for the Bruins , who hold a 15 - 8 shot advantage .
Optimism is tempered , however , by injuries to Marco Sturm and Vladimir Sobotka .
Given Sturm ’s reaction ( barely an attempt to get to his skates after suffering the injury ) , it could be a bad one .
Sturm missed most of last season after blowing out his left knee .
15:30 1st period : Bruins 2-
0
Adam McQuaid steps in front of a Danny Briere slapper to snuff out a scoring chance .
12:54 1st period : Bruins 2-
0
Patrice Bergeron beats Brian Boucher on the backhand .
Bergeron had won the draw and pulled it back to Dennis Wideman .
Boucher got a pad on Wideman ’s shot , but Bergeron was there for the rebound .
12:50 1st period : Bruins 1-
0
Still no sign of Vladimir Sobotka .
9:30 1st period : Bruins 1-
0
Vladimir Sobotka to the room .
Must have gotten shaken up when he went hard to the net .
9:16 1st period : Bruins 1-
0
Vladimir Sobotka drives hard to the net and gets wiped out by Ryan Parent .
No penalty .
9:00 1st period : Bruins 1-
0
Two straight shifts for Blake Wheeler , Marc Savard , and Michael Ryder .
7:40 1st period : Bruins 1-
0
Marco Sturm will not return today .
5:57 1st period : Bruins 1-
0
Still no sign of Marco Sturm .
Looks like a serious injury .
2:39 1st period : Bruins 1-
0
Steve Begin , skating in place of Marco Sturm , pops a goalmouth shot past Brian Boucher .
Play starts with a Johnny Boychuk pinch , which leads to a Mark Recchi backhand feed out front .
2:12 1st period : 0 - 0
Steve Begin replaces Marco Sturm on the No. 1 line .
1:15 1st period : 0 - 0
First shift for Marc Savard .
Big hand .
0:41 1st period : 0 - 0
Finally , a whistle .
Marco Sturm was down for at least 15 seconds in the offensive zone after throwing a hit on the wall .
Skates off with help from Patrice Bergeron and David Krejci .
Looks like a knee injury .
0:00 1st period : 0 - 0
Shawn Thornton is the healthy scratch .
Reddit 0 StumbleUpon 0 Tumblr 0 0
BP has screwed up ; we ’re talking screwed up in a serious way .
No , the oil leaking into the ocean is n’t the problem .
They ’ve just given it all away to a fierce competitor : Poseidon , Lord of the Sea .
You do n’t mess with that guy .
Historically , Poseidon has been a temperamental fellow .
Numerous mythical grudges come up in association with his name and he was certainly responsible for a number of godly disturbances in the world of Ancient Greek stories .
It seems the poor fellow was none too pleased with being given dominion over the sea when lots were drawn for rulership over particular realms .
He has managed to hold onto that anger for quite some time .
One imagines him in the black deeps , brooding and looking sullen , sinking ships just to break up the monotony of listening to dolphin chatter .
He should really focus on the positive in life .
It could have been worse , he could have Hades ’ job .
It ’s a bit sad that it took an oil spill in the ocean to get Poseidon into a strip .
I ’m sure he ’ll return at some point .
Also just wanted to give a big “ Fuck you ! ” to BP .
Fuck you guys , seriously .
Good luck with that rebranding propaganda bullshit .
FULL STORY
Joran van der Sloot , the Dutch man once considered a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , is the suspect in the killing of a woman in Peru , Peruvian police officials said Wednesday .
There is " incriminating evidence " linking Van der Sloot to the killing of 21 - year - old Stephany Flores Ramirez , who was found dead in a Lima hotel room Wednesday , Cesar Guardia Vasquez , of the criminal investigations unit said at a news conference .
The hotel room where Flores was found was registered in Van der Sloot 's name , he said .
A hotel guest and an employee witnessed the pair entering the hotel room together at 5 a.m. on Sunday , Guardia said .
Police have video of the previous night , May 29 , of Van de Sloot and Flores together at the Atlantic City Casino in Lima , he said .
According to immigration officials , Van de Sloot fled to Chile over land on Monday , Guardia said .
( Programming note : Watch Nancy Grace tonight for the latest on Joran van der Sloot .
" Nancy Grace , " 8 ET on HLN . )
Making a million bucks a year from free
I was inspired by a thread The Business of Software – Making a million bucks / year in revenue from a Hacker News submission to figure out just what it would take to make a million bucks a year from my free online dating site .
The original thread lists out what revenue per hour or month you would need at what prices to make a million dollars a year .
I ’m not accounting for taxes or overhead here I am just interested in the gross income .
The numbers are not exact as nothing actually divides up nice and evenly into dollars and cents .
To make a million dollars a year you need to make $ 2739.73 per day .
I ’m going to calculate out for AdSense revenue only here from my current numbers .
No traffic details , CTR or CPC will be posted .
So from April 2010 lets say that my gross revenue per AdSense impression , this is per banner slot not per page view , was $ 0.0027457700650759 .
At this stage all those fractions of a cent mean a lot to me so bare with the over - sized number .
This means that for my free advertising based site to make a million dollars in a year I would need to get no less than 997,801 AdSense impressions per day .
Not to mention I would have to also miraculously keep my revenue per impression no less than $ 0.0027457700650759 for an entire year .
I happen to only have one banner per page , lets say I keep with that for this theoretical success year that means I ’ll need 977,801 page views per day .
So to make a million bucks a year from free :
40,742 ad impressions per hour
977,801 ad impressions per day
356,897,365 ad impressions per year
Wow , growth never scales like you want and the graphs never grow forever so it would actually take much more than that per year to make a million bucks .
Now I do n’t get much organic traffic much ( yet ! ) so to see those kinds of page views per day it would cost about $ 14,834.49 per day on AdWords to drive that traffic or around $ 5,414,590.51 per year .
This does not take into account the vast increase of return users per day if I had $ 14 k a day lying around to drop on ads .
I ’d have to spend a lot more time making ads if that were the case .
So those numbers were just for fun I guess .
Anyway , when your product is free you have to get an enormous amount of traffic , more than I ’ve seen yet but it ’s only a matter of time and focus !
Posted by Wiktor Gworek , 20 % task force ( Krakow , Poland )
Last year we announced that we wanted to hear your wish list for features in Google Reader , and one of most highly requested features was the ability to rename folders and tags .
Today we are rolling out this feature with a little bit of Polish help from Krakow .
You can rename folders and tags on the settings page :
And you can also edit these names right from the contextual menu in your subscription list .
Also , as we announced last week , today we ’ve disabled offline access through Gears , and phased out support for older browsers .
As always , if you have any questions or comments , please head over to our help forums , or send us a message on Twitter .
Michael Oren , Israel ’s ambassador to the United States , called Israel ’s deadly raid on an aid flotilla en route to Gaza “ perfectly legal , perfectly humane and very responsible ” in an interview Tuesday with Fox News .
Oren likened the attack to that of the US in World War II .
“ The US acted under similar international law when it fought the Germans and the Japanese in World War Two , ” the ambassador said .
Oren also defended Israel ’s right to attack the ship even though it was in international waters .
“ Israel acted in accord with international law , ” he remarked .
“ Any state has the right to protect itself , certainly from a terrorist threat such as Hamas , including on the open seas . ”
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed not to let the public relations challenge and international condemnation surrounding the flotilla raid to force his country to end a blockade on Gaza , a Palestinian - controlled area adjacent to Israel proper .
The aid flotilla was funded by a Turkish group .
A former agent for the Israeli intelligence service Mossad , Victory Ostrovsky , told Washington Post reporter Jeff Stein on Tuesday that he felt Israel ’s approach to the raid was “ so stupid it ’s stupefying . ”
For one , Ostrovsky suggested , commandos could have approached the ship from under water and disabled the propellers , letting the activists drift for days until their food supplies ran out .
He added that Israeli soldiers should not have fast - roped into a crowd as they had , instead suggesting that it would have been more productive to board the ship from the front and back , then work inward .
“ The mistakes were on every level , ” Ostrovsky told Stein , “ from the order to forcefully board outside the territorial waters to the actual attack . ”
( Source : RawStory.com and Fox News )
I was the only author invited to give a solo talk at this year ’s Canadian Book Summit , which had the theme of “ Hot New Models ” — the implicit assumption being that new technologies and ways of doing business , such as ebooks and print - on - demand , were going to be the salvation of traditional publishing .
My talk was widely regarded as the most controversial of the day : I started by recounting how , a few months ago , I ’d had fellow science - fiction writers Robert Charles Wilson and James Alan Gardner over for pizza ; at that dinner , I ’d told Bob and Jim that I feared there was only a decade left in which anyone could make a comfortable living writing science - fiction novels , and urged them to plan their careers and finances accordingly .
My talk at the Canadian Book Summit was given only a week ago , but in the interim I ’ve had much cause to reflect on one of the core conceits behind the notion of “ hot new models , ” namely that authors will find some way other than royalties from books actually sold to make their livings , and that these opportunities will abound .
( At the conference , many people cited the band model now prevalent for successful acts in the music industry : give away your music and make money off of live performances and T - shirts .
I debunked that at the event by pointing out that the venue we happened to be in — Harbourfront Centre in Toronto — is home to the the International Festival of Authors , the world ’s best , most - prestigious literary festival , a festival which , if you ’re lucky , you get invited to every four or five years , and that this top - of - the - line opportunity to perform in front of an audience pays around $ 300 , and might , with real luck , sell 50 hardcovers , of which the author ’s share of royalties might be another $ 150 . )
So , in this last week , what hot new opportunities have come my way ?
Let ’s see :
A public library patron in Atlantic Canada wrote to me , lamenting that she ’d already read the few books of mine her library had , and asking me to donate copies of all the others to the library , since , you know , with budget cuts , libraries ca n’t afford to buy many books themselves anymore .
A request that I give the “ keynote address ” — for free — at a convention consisting entirely of used - book dealers ; of course , I make no money when a used book changes hands , which would have meant that I ’d be the only one at the convention making nothing .
A request that I be guest of honor at a science - fiction convention , which was offering to pay “ a portion ” of my travel expenses to get there .
In the good old days , sf conventions paid all the travel expenses for the guest - of - honor author and his or her companion .
The last couple of years , the offer to cover the companion ’s airfare has often disappeared .
And now , even covering all the author ’s airfare seems to be an open question .
( Oh , yes , a few dozen copies of my latest paperback might sell in the convention ’s dealers ’ room , netting me maybe $ 25 in royalties , but there was no way I ’d even break even over the short term by accepting . )
Other offers that have crossed my desk in the last few months include me teaching writing at an austere retreat for $ 3,000 — for ten full days , on - site ( I make more than $ 300 a day normally , so this would be me subsidizing the cost of the event so that students could pay less ) ; me speaking at a conference that ’s charging $ 900 per attendee to get into , and I ’d get no fee and have to pay my own expenses to travel to New York City for the event ; an anthology contract that paid nothing at all for the story , but would let one buy copies at 50 % off cover price ; and so on .
Maybe there will be new ways to make money as a novelist .
Certainly , I do make a lot of money each year from giving keynote addresses , and , of course , I was very lucky that ABC made FlashForward , a prime - time TV series based on my novel of the same name .
But for the former , really , I ’m exceptional ; most novelists are not good at public speaking , and few can spin what they write into something businesses and government agencies will pay thousands to hear you speak about .
And for the latter , that ’s the sort of thing that almost never happens to anyone : rounded to the nearest percent , zero percent of members of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America have ever had a major - network prime - time TV series made from their work .
( And , my , but my mother raised me well : she always says , “ If you ca n’t say something nice , do n’t say anything at all . ”
I just smiled each time someone told me how much they liked the FlashForward TV series , and how happy they were with themselves for finding some way to watch it that did n’t cost them anything and avoided having to see those pesky commercials .
And now , of course , the series is gone . )
So , what does the future hold ?
It ’ll be interesting to find out — but those who believe it ’ll just all sort itself out in the end are , I think , being naive and self - deluding .
Yes , as one person said repeatedly at the Canadian Book Summit , there have always been storytellers — but that does n’t mean you can do it for a living .
Even David G. Hartwell — senior editor at Tor Books — recently wrote in an editorial in the New York Review of Science Fiction that we could all still be happy when the day of the full - time SF writer has passed .
( I actually think the day of the full - time SF editor may pass first , but that ’s another matter . )
Maybe we will all indeed still be smiling as writing SF shifts from a career to a hobby .
Still , lengthy , ambitious , complex works — works that take years of full - time effort to produce such as , say , Kim Stanley Robinson ’s Mars trilogy , or , if I may be so bold , my own WWW trilogy of Wake , Watch , and Wonder — are n’t things that could have been produced in any kind of reasonable time by squeezing in an hour ’s writing each day over one ’s lunch break while working a nine - to - five job .
Markets were happy with today 's May U.S. industrial production report , which rose by 1.2 % , above consensus expectations of just a 0.8 % increase .
Industrial production has been rebounding quite strongly since early 2009 .
But here 's a dose of perspective -- U.S. industrial production remains well below its peak level .
In addition , different parts of the U.S. economy are performing differently .
The most stark example is America 's manufacturing output of equipment .
As shown below , business equipment output ( in black ) remains well below where it was in 2007 and at a similar level to what was once achieved back in 2000 .
Ie. , it has n't really gone anywhere in a decade .
In the meantime , America 's output of defense and space equipment ( in red ) , mostly tools of war , is at record levels .
Industrial activity is clearly booming in the wrong place .
An outspoken U.S. congressman is planning to file a complaint against the central Florida urologist who posted a sign on his office door warning supporters of President Obama to find a different doctor .
A spokesman for Rep. Alan Grayson , who angered Republicans last year when he said they wanted sick Americans to " die quickly , " told FoxNews.com that Florida Democrat is helping a constituent who was affected by the sign to file a complaint next week with the proper authorities .
Grayson will also file additional complaints with all relevant boards or agencies , Grayson spokesman Todd Jurkowski said .
The notice on Dr. Jack Cassell 's Mount Dora practice says , " If you voted for Obama , seek urologic care elsewhere .
Changes to your healthcare begin right now , not in four years . "
Cassell told Fox News on Friday he was n't refusing care to patients but wanted to educate them on how the new health care law would affect them .
" I came across the timeline for implementation of Obamacare and I got a little discouraged when I got to next year when I found that most of the ancillary services and nursing homes and diagnostic imaging , all these things start to fade away , " he told Fox News ' Neil Cavuto .
" And I felt that my patients really need to know about this .
And the more I thought about it , the angrier I got until I finally felt like I 'm going to put a little splash page on my front door and just get people thinking a little bit . "
Cassell , 56 , also provides Republican reading material in the waiting room -- probably not a risky move , given that Mount Dora 's 10,000 residents and the surrounding area lean heavily conservative .
Above a stack of GOP health care literature , a sign reads : " This is what the morons in Washington have done to your health care .
Take one , read it and vote out anyone who voted for it . "
A spokeswoman from the Florida Department of Health , which licenses physicians and investigates complaints , said Friday there was no law prohibiting Cassell from advertising himself this way .
" Because there is no statute , there would be no grounds for a complaint , " spokeswoman Eulinda Smith said .
" It would be legally deficient . "
But Grayson appears undeterred , arguing the Cassell has violated the Hippocratic Oath when he turned away patients on the basis of political beliefs .
His spokesman , Jurkowski , told FoxNews.com that at least one person followed the instructions on the sign and there could have been more .
" I think a reasonable person would deemed that being turned away , " Jurkowski said .
A University of Florida professor said Cassell is walking a thin line between free speech and professional obligation .
William Allen , a specialist in bioethics , law and medical professionalism , said civil rights protections can prevent patient discrimination .
But the law only provides for race , gender , religion , sexual orientation and disability -- not political opinion .
Allen said Cassell may be within his rights if he does n't quiz patients about their politics and has n't refused to see anyone .
" ( He's ) trying to hold onto the nub of his ethical obligation , " Allen said .
" But this is pushing the limit . "
Cassell has been practicing in the area since 1988 .
His wife , Leslie Campione , is a lawyer and GOP candidate for the county commission .
Cassell told Fox News that most patients have been extremely supportive .
" Ninety eight percent are energized , " he said .
" And once they read this timeline , they can't believe it .
I started out just trying to figure out how to educate my patients but think every doctor in the United States needs to put this in their office . "
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
WASHINGTON  A federal judge in New Orleans on Tuesday blocked a six - month moratorium on deep - water drilling projects that the Obama administration imposed after the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The White House swiftly vowed to appeal the ruling .
In a 22 - page opinion , the judge , Martin L. C. Feldman of United States District Court , issued a preliminary injunction against the enforcement of a late May order halting all offshore exploratory drilling in more than 500 feet of water .
Citing potential economic harm to businesses and workers , Judge Feldman wrote that the Obama administration had failed to justify the need for such “ a blanket , generic , indeed punitive , moratorium ” on deep - water oil and gas drilling .
“ The blanket moratorium , with no parameters , seems to assume that because one rig failed and although no one yet fully knows why , all companies and rigs drilling new wells over 500 feet also universally present an imminent danger , ” wrote Judge Feldman , a 1983 appointee of President Ronald Reagan .
The administration ’s order halted 33 exploratory drilling projects and suspended new permits , but did not affect platforms that were already in production .
Your browser is not supported by this site .
Please update to the latest version , or use a different browser for the best experience .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Case for Impeachment of Judge Martin Feldman Strengthened by New Details on Oil Firm Holdings "
( 80 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Phil N deBlanc said on 6/26/2010 @ 4:41 pm PT ...
come on , that 's a reach .
breaking news , " Judge Feldman got to work today in a car .
That 's right , a car , using oil - based gasoline to power an internal combustion engine lubricated by an oil - based oil .
Other grease points , including the front end , were queried at length .
The rear end was interrogated as a hostile un-indicted co-conspirator .
The rear end was heard sobbing " Yes , I helped him get to work , I was just doing as ordered , the torque made me do it . "
Clearly , Judge Feldman should have recused himself because he is not Amish , and drives a horse and buggy to work everyday .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/26/2010 @ 5:06 pm PT ...
Oh , come now , Phil N deBlanc @ 1 .
Is that really the best you can do ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 6/26/2010 @ 6:38 pm PT ...
Solid reporting from Rachel n' all , but I wish she and / or her guests had read Ernest 's previous piece , " Should Judge Martin Feldman be Impeached ? " , or the L.A . Times , because they seemed unaware of the stats re : the number of available justices in the district without ties to the oil industry ... ... " Seven of the 12 federal judges of the Eastern District of Louisiana already have cited potential conflicts of interest in bowing out of cases brought by fishermen , charter operators , tourist services and families of those killed in the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon rig in the Gulf of Mexico . " ... they just seem so very uber - stymied by the tip of the iceberg .
So , there ya go .
Up with people - corps !
Right # 1 ? ( Brad ~ did Malkin link to you again ? ...
Only the Malkin pinheads could be shit - bombing us with so many defenses of the the indefensible .
No offense intended to Malkin pinheads since they exhibit the kind of denialist shame that eats you up from within . )
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Phil N deBlanc said on 6/26/2010 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
Boy , two sheads for the price of one .
Ernest A. Canning said on 6/26/2010 @ 5:06 pm PT ... Oh , come now , Phil N deBlanc @ 1 .
Is that really the best you can do ?
Jeannie Dean said on 6/26/2010 @ 6:38 pm PT ...
( Brad ~ did Malkin link to you again ? ...
Only the Malkin pinheads could be shit - bombing us with so many defenses of the the indefensible .
No offense intended to Malkin pinheads since they exhibit the kind of denialist shame that eats you up from within . )
-----------------------------
Dear Earnest and Jeannie , first Earnest , no , that 's not the best I can do , I just wanted to see if your head filled a 12 size sh_t bucket .
second , Jeannie , who is this man Malkin you are so obsessed about ?
Is this a hetero - thing ?
I hang out with a bunch of people who have drilled a lot of hole .
I 've drilled a lot of holes , usually hot , because my office chair sitting bosses hoped I would die .
Did n't happen zit - butts .
Y'all have a splendiferis time .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Annie said on 6/26/2010 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
First , where is the anger about what Salazar pulled ?
If you 're upset at the Judge you should be enraged at Salazar .
You need to really think about conflicts of interest and what we have here .
From the Huffington Post : " Federal judicial rules require judges to disqualify themselves from hearing cases involving a company in which they have a direct financial interest .
However , financial conflict rules have some leeway .
For example , a judge does not have to step aside if investments are part of a mutual fund over which they have no management control .
Further , mere ties to companies or entities in the same industry , no matter how extensive , do not require disqualification . "
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/26/2010 @ 9:45 pm PT ...
I want to know where the investigative reporting is about our congress critters , invested in " green " tech stocks and companies , and pushing legislation favorable to their investments .
I suppose Ernest is n't too concerned about that
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 6/26/2010 @ 10:30 pm PT ...
Oh man where the hell are all these trolls coming from ?
Dude , Steve , our entire Congress - Democrat and Republican - is beholden to corporate interests , like , um , BIG OIL .
You should WISH there were " Big Green " companies getting the tax breaks and subsidies Big Oil gets .
We 'd all be driving around in solar powered cars , NOT polluting the environment , producing middle class jobs out the wazoo in every state , and our soldiers would NOT be dying for oil overseas .
FAUX NEWS is bad for your brain , bro .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 6/27/2010 @ 4:40 am PT ...
a very close friend of supreme court justice Tony Sfcheem speaks volumes .......
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Dan -in - Pa said on 6/27/2010 @ 5:44 am PT ...
Seeing as Phil is employed in the industry , he appears to have a conflict of interest and should probably recuse himself from discussions about the legitimacy of this judge 's decision that directly affects his employment .
The presence of the trolls is a good sign .
It shows the impact of the reporting that takes place here .
You make " them " nervous Brad and Earnest .
Well done !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/27/2010 @ 7:20 am PT ...
Ditto what Big Dan said @ 9 ...
The presence of corporate apologist trolls only means that they come to muddy the waters of this thread ... which means that Brad and Ernest have driven the truth too close to the corporate lair ...
Good thing Bradblog readers are too knowledgeable to buy the weak attempts to obfuscate .
Great piece again Ernest
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/27/2010 @ 8:34 am PT ...
So we have the uninformed Phil @4 , who does n't know that Michelle Malkin is a female , stooping to expletives and Annie " what about Salazar ? " @ 5 & Steve " what about Congress critters " @ 6 who seem to have lost sight of the fact that two wrongs do not make a right .
If either had studied my writings , or those of Brad Friedman , that are available at this blog , they would realize that both of us have criticized individuals in the Executive and Legislative branches , and especially election officials , for conflicts irrespective of whether they place a " D " or an " R " at the end of their names .
This particular article addresses the actions of a single , ethically - challenged member of the federal judiciary .
On the topic at hand , and within the realm of the cannons of judicial ethics , Annie , I 'd recommend that you consider the colloquy between Keith Olbermann and former White House Counsel to President Nixon , John Dean : John Dean : " He [ Judge Feldman ] held that [ Exxon - Mobil ] stock at the time the complaint came in .
And it was n’t until the complaint came in that he unloads it , and it looks to me that he had made the decision that while I better get rid of this because I ’m going to rule in favor of the oil companies , because this is going to look pretty conspicuous if I ’ve got this stock .
So it ’s very troubling … because even that is a violation of the canons of ethics for the judiciary . "
Olbermann … " selling the …relevant stock in the middle of the hearing …is that not worse than not recusing yourself to begin with ? "
Dean : " Well , it ’s a little bit like telegraphing where you ’re going to come out ; that he knew … if he ruled against the oil companies , he would have no conflict …
So , the fact that he sent this letter amending this financial disclosure statement just before he had this hearing is very troubling - — very troubling . "
Dean said this without a realization that Judge Feldman actually did not unload the Exxon stock until after the June 21 hearing on the motion for a preliminary injunction .
My complaint about Judge Feldman goes beyond his willful failure to recuse himself upon recognition of a conflict of interest .
It entails his having engaged in a deception in order to cover - up the fact that the conflict existed at the time he heard arguments on the motion before him ; a deception that is exposed only by carefully parsing Judge Feldman 's June 22 decision in which he reveals that the hearing on the motion took place on June 21 !
Anyone who would engage in such deceptive conduct is unfit to be a member of the judiciary at any level .
Indeed , the deception raises serious questions as to whether Judge Feldman should still be licensed to practice law .
Finally , the above - cited segment of Countdown raises another disturbing fact .
The Supreme Court Justice charged with ruling on requests for emergency stays for the 5th Circuit is none other than Justice Antonin Scalia , whom Dean states , " has gone out of his way to praise Judge Feldman .
He ’s written articles in a law review to honor him .
They are tennis partners when they get together …Justice Scalia has never met a conflict of interest that he was troubled by . "
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 6/27/2010 @ 10:34 am PT ...
Given that the conflict - of - interest in this case was so obvious , and a lot of good things have been said about this judge by ideological opponents even , I have to wonder if he was pressured by someone or some group to make this decision .
Just a thought .
Not much really surprises me anymore .
As for the presence of trolls being a good thing # 10 ... if you say so , I 'll go with it .
You 're right in that readers he aint buyin what they 're sellin , not a chance .
And of course , another top - notch post by Mr. Canning .
You'd be hard - pressed to find another piece on this that so clearly illustrates the issues of this whole sordid affair .
Hats off to you , Ernest .
My problem with trolls is that they 'll never concede a single thing , despite all the facts and evidence you can possibly throw at them .
I just read a great comment on that very thing somewhere else , answering another who offered advice on speaking to the willfully misinformed conservative : " Your logic guns wo n't work on them . "
Classic .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 6/27/2010 @ 10:35 am PT ...
i love me some trolls !
what a hoot !
a couple boot licking sycophants can really liven things up and provide needed comic relief .
Keep em coming Malkin or whoever .
Love the smell of dead troll roadkill in the morning , yee - ha !
And Bluehawk , I may be wrong but I think you are conflating 2 seperate Dans as one .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Grung_e_Gene said on 6/27/2010 @ 10:50 am PT ...
It 's not Judicial Malfeasance when it aids republican causes .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/27/2010 @ 11:21 am PT ...
CAMUSREBEL @13 ...
Yes I did ... thanks for the correction .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 6/27/2010 @ 12:44 pm PT ...
Hi Ernest , Excellent article ...
As always , youre writing is informative , insightful and wise .
Dont let Phil get to you ... since he understands that he cannot ( as Jeannie Dean rightly said ) " defend the indefensible " , he 's just trying to get under your skin .
His venom comes from the painful unconscious realization of just how far on the wrong side of history he truly stands .
that being said , I 'd like to offer a blessing ---, I WOULD LIKE TO WISH EVERYONE AT BRADBLOG ( BOTH LGBT PEOPLE AND OUR HETERO SISTERS AND BROTHERS ... even sour old Phil ) THE HAPPIEST OF HAPPY PRIDE WEEKENDS !
MAY MUCH PEACE , PROSPERITY AND JOY FOLLOW YOU AND YOURS , AND MAY THE SPIRIT OF STONEWALL BRING US ALL TO A BETTER PLACE !!
NEVER FORGET THE LEGACY OF BAYARD RUSTIN !!
HUMAN RIGHTS ARE RIGHTS FOR US ALL !
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/27/2010 @ 1:52 pm PT ...
I do agree that both sides are owned and operated by whichever big business interest happens to pay the highest price , which is why we need finance reform .
But as Ernest said at # 11 , two wrongs do n't make a right .
Calling for the impeachment of a judge because he owns shares in a mutual fund is a bit ridiculous .
Especially given that ( I 'll say it again and still expect no answer ) several people in the congress have a significant conflict of interests in that legislation they are pushing will enrich them if enacted .
I have never seen a bradblog story about that .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 6/27/2010 @ 2:07 pm PT ...
RE :
These trolling flash - mobs of pimple - twits we 've been getting FOX - bombed with here , lately ... ... their density coinciding non-coincidentally with Karl Rove 's recent , openly self - touted ' Twittter - outed ' interest in Brad 's work ( tho ' I 'm sure he 's been lurking here for years , dispatching his Dark Army of Pay - Roll Trolls & Hicky - Dick Henchmen since sometime between Sibel n' Siegelman - maybe even circa Curtis . )
Just like Dan - in - PA points out : they 're on the clock , you can tell !
Their posts lack all courage of conviction , all moral center , they read hollow souled and empty - binned .
They 're self - interest is self - evident .
And they pick stupid names .(' Phil N deBlanc ' ?!
Puh -leeze .
Did n't we use to get a ' Phil N DaOval ' who was a touchscreen voting machine apologist ? )
Funny how they never seem to make it back to the thread in question to respond to the smart , fact - based responses their regurgitation of talking points , mis-placed wrath , and intentionally confused rhetoric has inevitably seeded .
Nope .
( They 're professionals - they LOVE a good drive - by . )
I think we can assume this is going to be the " new normal " , around here .
But yea , O , tho ' I walk through the Valley of ' Duh ' - Victory always rides in on the heels of the bottom - feeders ' nastiest passes .
Indeed , Brad's and Ernests ' star must ( finally ) be on the Big - Time rise .
This means we have to work harder to circulate / digg / reddit / tweet / retweet / whizzy - whir sack - rate / buzz - top / intra-kick their articles to what 's left of the normal minded folk while we still can , while our internets tubes are not yet tied .
It may be the one thing that has stood in the way of the mean n' lean 1 % of American wealth objective ; the only way to battle back at their attempts at subplanting , subverting and slowly killing off the rest and best of U.S .
...
Proof of concept as beta -test :
This country is not a majority of crazy , reckless , retarded assholes - we 're a MINORITY of crazy , reckless , retarded assholes .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/27/2010 @ 2:09 pm PT ...
Unfortunately , Steven , as suggested by the answer you were previously given on this question , there is no law against a lawmaker voting in favor ( or against ) a bill which they may end up making money on , in some fashion .
Unfortunately , that happens every single day , with virtually every single vote , by virtually every single lawmaker who have --- virtually to a man / woman --- become wholly dependent / compromised by the need for corporate campaign support .
That should end immediately , as we need to remove ALL corporate funding from campaigns ( and , hopefully , move to a fully publicly funded election system to remove the poisonous influence of corporate money in public campaigns ) .
As to the larger conspiracy I sense that you 're asking about ( a grand scheme for lawmakers to enrich themselves via new green technology ) , sorry , I do n't see it .
There are far smarter , and indeed , actually ongoing , schemes for lawmakers to enrich themselves via legislation in existing industries , rather than speculative emerging ones .
As is , an absurd number of lawmakers , on both sides of the aisle , are fully in the clutches of the unparalleled strength and corruption of the fossil fuel industry .
If you have any doubt of that , check the amount of $ the fossil fuel industry earmarks for lobbying / campaign contributions , the amount of $ in pure profit they have available to do that , and the amount of absolutely shameful sops and tax - payer subsidies to that horrible industry which have been included in ALL versions of the proposed climate and energy legislation in both houses of Congress .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 6/27/2010 @ 2:13 pm PT ...
Sree Bee ( # 16 ) - Love your post .
Thank you .
I needed a blessing .
M'wa !
xoxo .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/27/2010 @ 2:27 pm PT ...
Senate and house ethics rules forbid conflict of interest or even the appearance of conflict of interest .
Those rules should be strictly enforced .
Just as with the GOP several years ago and their majority , the democrats and their majority will look the other way to protect their own .
Especially when no one in the media pays any attention .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/27/2010 @ 2:47 pm PT ...
Steve ... all valid points .
But the topic here is a Judge ruling on a case where he has financial interest ... Is n't it efficient to deal with the conflict of interest in our face ?
ie , Judge Feldman ... if not impeachment then his ruling should be set aside and he face censure for his klutzy actions here ...
Come on ... this is just to flat out wrong
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 6/27/2010 @ 2:49 pm PT ...
... see what I mean ?
BP * buys * search engine prominence : http://www.nola.com/news...rch_engines_top_spo.html
" Concerned citizens looking for more information on the ongoing Gulf of Mexico oil spill may notice their Internet searches turning up some unexpected results ... " ... BP has paid search engines like Google to prominently feature links to the company 's website .
And , according to one online marketing expert , lawyers and other parties with work tied to the spill will likely fight for prominent links of their own ... " ... Late this week , a Google search for " oil spill " delivers as its top - ranking link a BP website subtitled " Info about the Gulf of Mexico spill ; learn what BP is doing to help . "
The same link appears when that term is searched in Bing and Yahoo ... "
2 Billion for PR not only buys Google / Yahoo /
Bing top linkage , but I bet it keeps a LOT of ' Phil N deBlanc's ' and 'URSheep 's in ramen noodles & sour cream .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/27/2010 @ 3:31 pm PT ...
BlueHawk , I agree if there was a conflict of interest with the judge then his ruling should be set aside .
As I understand it he owns shares in a mutual fund which owns shares in oil companies which drill for oil .
If that 's the gist of the problem I question whether it 's a problem .
Most of us here have a 401k or other mutual fund investments , I do .
Possibly my Vanguard fund or my Prudential fund has some shares in an oil company , I 'm really not sure .
If that 's going to be the foundation for a judge recusing himself or herself from a trial we may have trouble finding a judge to try any case .
But if that 's going to be the standard then we need to set it and move forward .
Again , if he 's crooked then buh bye .
But to your question " Is n't it efficient to deal with the conflict of interest in our face ? "
I say no .
We have for years let our congress get away with looking out for their own good at the expense of us folks who pay their salaries .
My question about the " green " technology was asked because it's all related to the broad topic .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/27/2010 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
Steve ... from Ernest 's article above Exxon - Mobil Stock Sold on Day of Ruling As reported Friday by Bloomberg Businessweek , on June 22 --- just last Tuesday --- the very day that he issued his extraordinary decision , Judge Feldman 's stock broker , under his direction , sold off the judge 's investment in shares of Exxon - Mobil .
As Businessweek observed , " Exxon , who was not a party litigant in the moratorium case , nevertheless had one of the 33 rigs in the Gulf ... " which would have been directly affected by Judge Feldman 's decision .
You can't see the HUGE issue with that ?
Or it gets worse ... again from the article above ...
It gets worse .
As Maddow reported on Friday , Judge Feldman remains " significantly invested " in several funds managed by the investment firm BlackRock , far and away BP 's largest single shareholder .
In covering the new " bombshell " , Maddow notes a June 17th New York Times report finding that " No single institution has more money riding on BP than BlackRock , the money management firm that is BP ’s largest shareholder . "
BlackRock holds " more than one billion shares of BP 's stock , " explains Maddow .
" When BP 's financial future is at stake in the Gulf of Mexico , so is Black Rock's . "
This was n't some hidden stock in a mutual fund Steve ... the Judge had to know BlackRock 's financial future depended on BP 's success ... I have n't even touched the Judge 's holdings in Transocean ....
Steve please go read Ernest 's article ... then comment .
You 're minimizing this .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... a j weishar said on 6/27/2010 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
It looks like you are getting hit by the teams of writers paid by the government , political organizations , and corporations .
Corporations hire " clean up " crews to spin public opinion after bad press .
BP probably has more people working or the media and internet than on the Gulf .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/27/2010 @ 4:11 pm PT ...
I 'm not minimizing it .
If the guy 's guilty he deserves to be censured at the very least .
BlackRock is a huge investment firm .
Just because he owns shares of a fund at BlackRock , which also happens to have funds heavily invested in Oil Companies , does n't mean that he owns shares of funds invested in the oil companies .
I think if that were the case the Maddow report would have said he owned shares of a particular fund invested in oil .
It implies that , but does n't say it .
As one who 's distrustful of media I believe that the implication , which leaves truth to the imagination of the reader , is possibly ( or even likely ) not true .
The Exxon mess is a different story .
He did apparently unload it before issuing a ruling so it can't be said he profited from his ruling .
But it should be investigated , how it all unfolded .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/27/2010 @ 4:19 pm PT ...
Steve @ 27 what part of ...
BlackRock holds " more than one billion shares of BP 's stock , " explains Maddow .
" When BP 's financial future is at stake in the Gulf of Mexico , so is Black Rock 's . " do you not understand ?... or are you purposely ignoring the pertinent facts .
I 'm done ... you obviously did n't read the entirety of Ernest 's article ...
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/27/2010 @ 4:52 pm PT ...
Steve , where do you get the notion that Judge Feldman 's only investments are in mutual funds ?
Link ?
The fact that he directed his broker to sell off his shares in Exxon - Mobil belies your claim that Judge Feldman 's investments are limited to mutual funds .
You do not sell interests in a specific stock when you sell off your interest in a mutual fund .
The point of a mutual fund is to spread the risk by permitting an investment manager to invest the mutual fund in multiple stocks .
So it appears that you are flat out wrong when you say his investments were only in mutual funds .
Moreover , I am disturbed that you would choose to ignore the other salient point -- that in an effort to cover - up the conflict of interest which existed by reason of his Exxon - Mobil stock , Judge Feldman , in a letter revising his financial statement , said that he " sold " the stock " prior to the opening of a court hearing " when , in truth , the only relevant hearing took place on June 21 - - one day before Judge Feldman dumped the Exxon - Mobil stock .
Did you miss the point that Judge Feldman 's deceptive cover - up provides an independent ground for impeachment ?
Or have you deliberately decided to ignore the point because you know full well that there is no valid defense to it ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/27/2010 @ 5:16 pm PT ...
Oh , one more point in responding to Steve @ 27 wherein he states , " If the guy 's guilty he deserves to be censured at the very least . "
First , the remedy spelled out by the Constitution is " impeachment , " not " censure . "
And it is a remedy which does not require a finding that the individual to be impeached is " guilty " of a crime .
From the 1995 Hastings Law Review article I quoted in my original piece : " The impeachment process was instituted to remove ' fallen ' federal civil officers .
Although the Constitution limits removal by impeachment to actions of ' Treason , Bribery , or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors , ' scholars have noted that impeachment proceedings may be instituted for offenses outside the criminal realm .
Such offenses include acts that undermine public confidence in the judiciary or compromise the integrity of the judicial branch .
Thus , one aim of impeachment proceedings is to shield the judiciary from any appearance of impropriety . "
Under the facts before us , no reasonable person could conclude that Judge Feldman 's actions did not " undermine public confidence in the judiciary or compromise the integrity of the judicial branch . "
I am not so naïve as to believe that the impeachment of Judge Feldman will end the corrupting influence of corporate monies in our political and legal institutions , but that is beside the point .
Impeachment of Judge Feldman is vital if we are to preserve the integrity of our judicial system .
Irrespective of where one stands on the substantive issue of the moratorium , I believe it abundantly clear to all reasonable minds that a failure to impeach in this case would serve as a dangerous precedent that would give license to corrupt judicial decisions and an undermining of the confidence that the American people must have in the judiciary if the words above the entry to the Supreme Court - -" Equal Justice Under Law " -- are to have any meaning .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/27/2010 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
Ernest ... Steve was going with my call to at least set aside the verdict and censure Feldman .... but then that 's what you 're the lawyer and I 'm not .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/27/2010 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
Comment @ 31
what=why
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/27/2010 @ 6:50 pm PT ...
I 'm not overlooking anything Ernest , in your zeal to criticize someone who may have a different view than yours you have chosen to overlook that I said the Exxon event should be investigated .
I get that the judge holds mutual funds from your story , which cites Maddow 's report that " Judge Feldman remains " significantly invested " in several funds managed by the investment firm BlackRock " .
It does n't mention stocks , it mentions " funds " .
And BlueHawk , the BlackRock group offers 70 different mutual funds across a wide array of investment options .
An investor can choose to invest in any of the funds within that group .
So again I 'll say that just because he owns fund shares from that group does n't necessarily mean he 's invested in oil interests .
He could be invested in a European Bond fund .
All I 'm saying is do n't hang the guy based on a Maddow report , maybe a little investigation is warranted first .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/27/2010 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
None are so blind as those who refuse to see ...
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/27/2010 @ 7:38 pm PT ...
Steve @ 33 said :
All I 'm saying is do n't hang the guy based on a Maddow report , maybe a little investigation is warranted first .
That 's what an impeachment is , Steve .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/28/2010 @ 7:15 am PT ...
LOL !
Yeah , no sense wasting time and getting all the pertinent information Brad .
Better to just immediately begin impeachment proceedings against a sitting federal judge based solely on a hard hitting political piece by Rachel Maddow !
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/28/2010 @ 8:15 am PT ...
Steve @ 36 .
With all due respect , you simply do not understand how impeachment works .
One or more members of the House of Representatives must introduce articles of impeachment .
That is referred to a committee which investigates the matter , and then the committee , based on the investigation , votes to either refer the matter to the full House of Representatives for impeachment or rejects them .
If the matter is referred to the House and a majority vote to impeach , the case is transferred to the Senate for an impeachment trial where the individual subject to the impeachment is provided due process .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/28/2010 @ 8:40 am PT ...
How in the world do you get from my previous post that I do n't know how impeachment works ?
I think that there should be a little more proof of wrong doing , true .
But I understand very well how it works .
What you have is a couple minutes of implied criminal activity from an agenda driven left wing pundit , and then a very hard hitting piece from you regurgitating the same information .
If that were all we need to impeach , then every judge who rules unfavorably to your point of view would be impeached .
I replied to your question from one of your previous posts , " Steve , where do you get the notion that Judge Feldman 's only investments are in mutual funds ?
Link ? " that my information came from your story above .
Perhaps you should pay better attention to what you write and I 'll take care of my knowledge of impeachment rules .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:22 am PT ...
Steve is just being obtuse ...
First Steve says why not investigate before going straight to impeachment .
Brad then explains to Steve that impeachment is an investigation .
Steve then gives a hearty LOL and while fully ignoring the pertinent facts presented to him .
Ernest then lays out the whole impeachment process for Steve , prefacing his comment with all due respect .
Steve then disrespects Ernest and Brad by laughing off their well thought out work and patience with him while asking
How in the world do you get from my previous post that I do n't know how impeachment works ? .
While by Steve 's own previous comments ( read any comment by Steve ) he obviously has no idea what impeachment is or how ther process plays out ... yep ; obtuse is the word that comes to mind when considering Steve .
Steve also ignores that the BlackRock mutual fund Feldman was invested in had a BILLION of shares in BP stocks ; which may translate to $ 10s or maybe $ hundreds of billions of dollars of cash value ... yet Steve wants us to believe that Feldman had no idea where his BlackRock mutual fund was heavily invested in .
yeah obtuse
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:32 am PT ...
Steve , how do you sell just your Exxon - Mobil interests from a fund ?
Like someone else mentioned , you do n't get to decide the buying and selling of specific stock in a " fund , " it would defeat the whole purpose of the fund .
And then the fact that he sold them the day after his decision , but he made a very misleading statement making it appear that they were actually sold before the hearing ( they were indeed sold before * a* hearing , but not before * the* hearing .
I " m not sure what it takes for you to see impropriety here .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:33 am PT ...
' Obtuse ' is kind , BH .
" Black Rock group offers 70 different mutual funds across a wide array of investment options .
An investor can choose to invest in any of the funds within that group . "
For someone who has shown he knows diddly about the impeachment process , he sure does know his BlackRock stock options .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:37 am PT ...
Obtuse ... that is a troll tactic ... crank up the merry go round and demand that everything be spelled out in intricate detail ( hence the obtuse act ) ... ignore all pertinent facts that torpedo his faulty logic and reasoning .
And whenever possible go back to issues already explained and settled , to start from square one all over again ... it 's a tactic used to frustrate an " opponent " .
All of Steve 's questions are answered in the article ... yet he wants Brad and Ernest to hold his hand through this pretty easy to read material , while at the same time ignoring anything he may not like about it .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:40 am PT ...
BlueHawk , you see what you want to see and believe what you want to believe .
So , a piece by Rachel Maddow is all that 's needed to begin impeachment proceedings .
That 's what you 're saying correct ?
Because that is what Brad and Ernest appear to be saying .
So we should abuse the impeachment process , which is very serious business , any time Rachel Maddow thinks it 's appropriate correct ?
Try to get your mind around the fact that BlackRock offers many many funds only some of which are invested in the BP company .
Can you at least try to understand that ?
Do you have any idea how investment firms and mutual funds work ?
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:49 am PT ...
Steve ... if it was so obvious that Rachel Maddow can investigate it and report it ... then I 'm sure the proper authorities could do the same .
I see you have presented nothing to refute Rachel Maddow 's reporting ... you just smear her like if she said then it must be trivial .
Another troll tactic .
By the way ... your obtuse ( feigned ignorance ) act is n't something I believe ... it's what I see ... you know , like the sun is yellow and the sky is blue .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/28/2010 @ 10:33 am PT ...
I think BlueHawk @ 44 pretty much nailed it .
The one thing I 'd add is that my piece is not derived from " the implied criminal activity from an agenda driven left wing pundit . "
I provided a Rachel Maddow video , linked to a wide variety of sources , including Judge Feldman 's own words in his 06/22 decision and in his 06/22 letter revising his financial statement , because they are " fact driven . "
Contrary to popular wing - nut belief , the " truth " is not the exclusive province of the Left , Right or Center .
Steve 's remarks call to mind President Truman 's response to " Give 'em Hell , Harry ! "
" I just give them the truth and the Republicans think that ’s Hell . "
Unable to challenge the accuracy of any of the " facts " presented in this article , Steve writes as if the filing of articles of impeachment amount to conviction for impeachment .
When Brad and I patiently explain that the investigative role of a House committee once an impeachment resolution is introduced , he attacks the messenger -- in this case , Rachel Maddow , by suggesting that her " factual presentation " is but a Leftist agenda .
Steve 's post are reminiscent of an old saw I heard in my first year in law school .
If the facts are with you , argue the facts .
If the law is with you , argue the law .
If you have neither , attack your opponent .
Steve , your disingenuous comments might work at a tea bagger convention , but they fall woefully short at a site that serves the intelligent members of the public .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 6/28/2010 @ 11:08 am PT ...
Ooh I wanna chime in !
Let 's just lay out the facts : A Judge made a ruling on a case that very directly affects his income .
Many reports have been circulated about this .
There are public documents that are the basis of the story .
It is an EXTREMELY high profile case .
The question of why he did not recuse himself is valid .
Because the ruling favored the Judge 's bottom line , and due to questions surrounding the timing of his sale of affected stock and an apparent attempt to mislead on that issue , their is prima facie evidence that this judge failed to recuse himself despite knowing he had a very serious conflict - of - interest in this case .
This can be interpreted as " acts that undermine public confidence in the judiciary or compromise the integrity of the judicial branch " , which is grounds for impeachment .
Now , speculation on someone 's " agenda " as a basis for why the judge should NOT be impeached - that 's an example of reasoning that is INVALID .
Also , if you read the article closely , you 'll notice that Mr. Canning uses phrases like " new evidence now suggests " and " Those new revelations support " as opposed to assertions of opinion which would imply an ideological agenda in the first place .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/28/2010 @ 12:11 pm PT ...
There are no facts presented in the article pertaining to the topic at hand , which is his apparent ownership of fund shares within the BlackRock group of funds and whether that constitutes a conflict of interests .
Following the logic of Ernest , if this judge owned shares of funds from ANY investment firm it would be a conflict of interest .
Because all of the investment firms are invested in oil as well as a multitude of other things .
All of them .
And the article does n't say , I 'm being redundant here but that 's apparently necessary , that he owns shares in a fund which is invested in BP .
If he did own those shares then I would think Ernest would have reported as much .
So following Ernest 's logic basically any judge who invests in a mutual fund or has a 401 k would have to recuse himself .
Because if that fund was with Vanguard , guess what they own shares of oil stock .
The same with Prudential , JP Morgan etc .
It 's funny how easy it is to get a small group of people so fired up by merely suggesting that further investigation may be warranted .
To Ernest , it 's a slam dunk I suppose .
Because there is a question about conflict of interest with the judge it means congress should file articles of impeachment .
If it turns out there 's nothing there I suppose you just forget about it .
But the judge will always be the judge who had articles of impeachment filed against him , regardless of the outcome .
I laughed at Brad because I disagree with his answer to " more investigation is required " with that " that 's what an impeachment is " .
I would hope that an impeachment would be taken a bit more seriously and that ducks would be in a row before filing the articles rather than after .
Last but not least thank you folks for resorting to name calling and baseless accusation .
You perfectly illustrate your point Ernest " If the facts are with you , argue the facts .
If the law is with you , argue the law .
If you have neither , attack your opponent . "
You can't point out one factually incorrect statement I made so you attack the messenger .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/28/2010 @ 12:46 pm PT ...
Steve further blabbers ...
There are no facts presented in the article pertaining to the topic at hand , which is his apparent ownership of fund shares within the BlackRock group of funds and whether that constitutes a conflict of interests .
Steve that 's only because you refuse to acknowledge them ... I 'm not even gonna re-quote the above article for you yet again .
Again Steve presents zero evidence for his assertations .
Steve just tries to tell us that the solid evidence reported here actually does n't existence or it 's spurious ... or it 's trivial because a liberal reporter revealed it ... or whatever ...
Just because he says so .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 6/28/2010 @ 12:58 pm PT ...
I 'll play your game again hawk .
What solid evidence is there that he owns stock , or mutual fund shares , in any oil company ?
Please provide that evidence from the above story .
You can't , because there is none .
Person
A owns shares from an investment firm B. Investment firm B owns shares of oil company stock .
Therefore Person A is invested in oil companies .
You should go back to high school if you do n't understand why that reasoning is flawed .
If BlackRock ONLY invested in BP it would be a different story , but they do n't .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 6/28/2010 @ 1:12 pm PT ...
Judge Feldman 's statement that " the Exxon stock … was sold at the opening of the stock market on June 22 , 2010 prior to the opening of a court hearing " is so disingenuous as to amount to a deception .
The only pertinent hearing took place one day before Judge Feldman sold his stock .
He used the words " prior to the opening of a court hearing " rather than " prior to the announcement of the court 's decision " to hide the basic reality that the " hearing " was a sham ; a facade erected only to hide the venality that formed the basis for a pre-determined decision .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 6/28/2010 @ 1:17 pm PT ...
Steve the obvious illiterate
The fact that Feldman divested himself of Exxon just as he was to render a decision for one ... a fact mind you that signaled his cronies what his decision would be before he rendered it .
That has to be illegal as bank robbery .
There 's also the fact as quoted in the article above that BlackRock owned a billion ( with a B ) shares of BP stock ... shares that has to worth maybe 100s of billions of dollars , there is the fact that the judge was also invested in Transocean ...
I find it amusing that Steve seems to be commenting for 2 - 3 days on an article he apparently never read ... if
Steve had read the article his questions ( which are fundamental to said article ) would be useless ... I 'm not gonna hand walk you through the article again Steve .
You may continue to demonstrate ignorance or fake ignorance ....
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 6/28/2010 @ 2:29 pm PT ...
... they NEVER read the article .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 6/28/2010 @ 3:08 pm PT ...
For f*cks sake , I do n't know how this guy even figured out how to post comments .
Dude - if you can't follow Canning 's clear , simple , fact - based and factually supported arguments , I certainly can't help you .
And if you insist on repeating falsehoods that a quick re-reading of the article will clear up for you , you 're helpless .
I 'm done on this thread .
Gotta get back to banging my head on the wall .
I 'm making more progress with that than here apparently .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/28/2010 @ 3:08 pm PT ...
Steve @ 47 writes : " There are no facts presented in the article pertaining to the topic at hand ... "
Fact # 1 : According to Judge Feldman , as of 05/14/2010 he " owns stock in Ocean Energy , Inc. which is owned by Transocean , Inc . "
Fact # 2 : Judge Feldman recognized that this fact was relevant to whether he should recuse himself in the case of Williams vs. Transocean , Ltd. , which is the reason why Judge Feldman directed counsel to ascertain whether there was a relationship between Transocean , Inc. and Transocean , Ltd. Fact # 3 : Transocean , Inc. is the owner of the Deepwater Horizon rig which exploded .
Fact # 4 : Judge Feldman's 05/14/2010 order does not state that his ownership in Ocean Energy , Inc. is solely by way of a mutual fund .
Fact # 5 : On 06/21/2010 Judge Feldman owned stock in Exxon - Mobil .
Fact # 6 . Exxon - Mobil owns one of the 30 deep water drilling platforms that has been affected by the order .
Fact # 7 .
Judge Feldman ordered that the motion for a preliminary injunction be heard on an expedited basis on Monday , June 21 .
( Ordinarily , motions are heard on Wednesdays in that particular court ) .
Fact # 8 .
At all times between the time the Hornbeck case was filed and the day in which Judge Feldman issued his formal ruling granting the prelimary injury , Judge Feldman owned Exxon - Mobil stock .
Fact # 9 . Judge Feldman 's broker sold the Exxon stock on the morning of June 22 .
Fact # 10 .
Judge Feldman submitted a letter amending his financial statement in which he represented that the Exxon stock was sold " prior to the opening of a court hearing " in Hornbeck .
Fact # 11 .
The only relevant hearing took place on June 21 -- prior to the time that Judge Feldman unloaded his Exxon stock .
Fact # 12 .
Since Judge Feldman directed his broker to specifically sell the Exxon stock , that stock could not possibly be part of his mutual fund portfolio .
Fact # 13 .
Judge Feldman owns extensive shares of Blackrock , which is by far BP 's most prominent investor .
Fact # 14 .
Judge Feldman knew full well that his ruling would have a direct impact on the value of his investments in Ocean Energy ( Transocean ) , Exxon and Blackrock .
The facts show a patent conflict of interest and an effort to conceal a part of that conflict by ( a ) dumping the Exxon stock on the day of the decision , ( b ) deceptively stating that he was unloading the stock prior to a hearing , when in truth he unloaded it after he had already decided .
Those are the " facts , " Steve .
You are entitled to your own opinion .
You are not entitled to your own " facts . "
Ignoring them , distorting them , and twisting them will not make them go away .
As John Adams observed , " Facts are stubborn things . "
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/28/2010 @ 3:20 pm PT ...
Oh , and Steve , I neglected to add fact # 15 -- You are in over your head and out of your league .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/28/2010 @ 5:46 pm PT ...
For the benefit of those who may be interested , here 's the relevant provisions of the U.S. Code .
§ 455 . Disqualification of justice , judge , or magistrate judge a )
Any justice , judge , or magistrate judge of the United States shall disqualify himself in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned .
b)
He shall also disqualify himself in the following circumstances : ( 4 ) He knows that he , individually or as a fiduciary , or his spouse or minor child residing in his household , has a financial interest in the subject matter in controversy or in a party to the proceeding , or any other interest that could be substantially affected by the outcome of the proceeding ; ( c ) A judge should inform himself about his personal and fiduciary financial interests , and make a reasonable effort to inform himself about the personal financial interests of his spouse and minor children residing in his household .
( 4 ) “ financial interest ” means ownership of a legal or equitable interest , however small , or a relationship as director , adviser , or other active participant in the affairs of a party , except that : ( i ) Ownership in a mutual or common investment fund that holds securities is not a “ financial interest ” in such securities unless the judge participates in the management of the fund ...
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... CambridgeKnitter said on 6/28/2010 @ 7:58 pm PT ...
Actually , Rachel Maddow 's report lists exactly which Black Rock funds the judge is invested in and what the biggest holdings of some of them are .
She also refers to his individual stock holdings .
All of this is taken from his financial disclosure forms , which are public records , so her assertions can be confirmed by looking at information that was provided by the judge himself .
None of this looks like opinion to me .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 6/29/2010 @ 9:03 am PT ...
All I can say is I want to see legislation that puts every GOD DAMNED Politicians financial holdings and investments on the TOOBZ !
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 6/29/2010 @ 9:13 am PT ...
An oh yeah , I 'm taking my money out of pnc bank which I believe is the construct of black rock ... not because of all this shit , but because I was told they'd get right back to me on my little chunk of investment that they have FAIL to do so ... so my investment ability languishes to their advantage without my direct involvement in this odious investment !
Hey there , MOTHER FUCKER !
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 6/29/2010 @ 10:46 am PT ...
Where can one find an intelligent , competent , investment firm in these corrupted dayz ?
And then , a collective real peoples movement to support The Brad Blog for election integrity ?
THE FOUNDATIONAL PROBLEM .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 6/29/2010 @ 11:00 am PT ...
We are mere mortals baptized by our presence on this BEAUTIFUL Earth as we are taught to be .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 6/29/2010 @ 11:35 am PT ...
The us and switzerland ... let them go it alone banking - wise ... and let the rest of us invest to the whole 's future , without their shortsighted program in fear 's front .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 6/29/2010 @ 11:47 am PT ...
Hey , could someone please knockoff the bold by me ?
I like disemination of info but ..happenstance and info disem are not the same thing .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 6/29/2010 @ 11:57 am PT ...
... that would be dissemination above .
Watch LINK TV !
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 6/29/2010 @ 3:19 pm PT ...
Ancient .
You did n't close the bold @ 60 , which is why all the other comments were bold .
I 've now done that for you .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 6/30/2010 @ 10:25 pm PT ...
Ernest , you realy have opened a hornets nest here with the comments about Judge Feldman .
I for one , agree with you 100 % and we now have only one week to go before the White House appeal against Judge Felman .
I am some what surprised and disappointed my previous 2 comments have been removed from your blog Earnest , why ??!!
Unfortunately , we might have to wait until next years financial records to see HOW MANY Judges invested heavily in Boots and Coots , whom , are a subsidary of Haliburton .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/1/2010 @ 12:52 pm PT ...
Exxonmobil purport to be the best oil company in the world and the deepwater horizon incident would NOT have happened under their supervision ( their words not mine ) .
Exxonmobil are the operators of the Chad / Cameroon Pipeline ( CCP ) which has been operating illegally for 7 years which does not have any oil spill plans or environmental protection plans .
Words are cheap Ernest , cheap as chips .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/1/2010 @ 1:08 pm PT ...
The Deepwater Horizon rig is / was under a flag of convenience order from the Marshall Islands , hence , the safety , of the rig , personnel and the environment are NOT under the remit of the US Government .
I guess the US Government have shot themselves in the foot on this one Ernest .
Howmany other FOC rigs and ships are operating in US Waters .
Judge Feldman should be put on a FOC vessels and left on the high seas , ideally off the coast of Somalia ??!!
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/1/2010 @ 10:33 pm PT ...
INSURANCE COMPANY FAILURES ON THE DEEPWATER HORIZON ( DH ) .
There is compelling evidence that the particular insurance company on the DH has failed its duty of care by paying out the POLICY to Transocean for the rig loss and raises the questions about VALID insurances polices for the Oil Industry .
Any Insurance Broker has a duty of Care to ensure that , BEFORE they pay any loss adjustment for policy that the VESSEL is safe .
The anology is , having a Car without any Valid MOT Certificate , bald tyres , no wing mirrors , driving whilst banned , under the influence of alchol and driving in thick fog at 100MPH .??!!
It is consistently obvious that the MAJOR Oil Players dont give a damn for health and safety or the environment BUT their Insurance Companies , are , in essence conniving and colluding to cover - up serious crimes .
Transocean 's Insurance Company paid out the Insurance within a matter of a few weeks , which , might appear to be VERY professional but under the circumstances is appalling when prima facie evidence indicates culpable homicide , criminal negligence , etc .
Insurance Companies have a duty of care to ensure that Oil Rigs / Tankers / Pipelines etc ARE compliant to the latest safety and environmental regulations .
Let me give you another clear example of Insurance Company failures in the Oil Industry , i.e. the Chad / Cameroon Pipeline ( CCP ) which has been operating in a legal void for 7 years by virtue of non-existant Oil Spill Plans and Environmental Protection Plan , inter alia .
The CCP is dejavu of the Deepwater Horizon .
The MAIN reason why BP are acting with such arrogance and disdain is they KNOW their Insurance Ceiling for any event is 75 million dollars .
Whilst Obama purports to have his " FOOT ON THE BP THROAT " the Insurance Companies are laughing their heads off .
In contrast to BP , workers lives have been lost , companies are and will go bankrupt , environmental ruin for the Gulf states and I bet the OTHER insurance Companies are NOT being SO cooperative as the RIG Operators .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/1/2010 @ 10:49 pm PT ...
Next
Thurs is the date for the White House Appeal against Judge Feldmans decison to reject a 6 month drilling ban .
I wonder what will happen if Judge Feldman wins the next hearing and is subsequently IMPEACHED .
Happy days are coming ??!!
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/3/2010 @ 1:36 am PT ...
TOTAL NUMBER OF GALLONS OF OIL .
There are numerous reports on the total number of GALLONS of oil spill and whilst I appreciate that BP have not been entirely truthful with their estimates and government authorites are ALSO unable to report reliable estimate .
What is worrying me is the recent reports from a few days ago that the Deepwater Horizon ( DH ) had surpassed the Exxonvaldeez .
Personally , I think the Exxonvaldeez GALLONS was surpassed sometime ago .
Unless my maths are SO bad , lets do a simple calculation of the 5 o Kbarrels per day .
1.1 barrel of oil =42US Gallons .
2.73 days of oil spill@ 50 kbarrels per day =3.650.000 ( MILLION ) BARRELS
3.42×3.650.000=153.300.000 MILLION GALLONS
That means the DH has surpassed the Valdeez by 13 times .
One of the lessons learned from this debacle is for oil companies to install a FLOW METER as an integral part of the Blowout Preventer Valve ( BPV ) and then at least all parties would have better knowledge of the oil spill .
In actual fact NO - ONE knows the true extent of the DH oil spill and it might be 50 or 100 times the size of the valdeez as we speak .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/3/2010 @ 10:42 am PT ...
The attached website is information on the subject title and I bet my bottom dollar that INTRINSICALLY SAFE EQUIPMENT ( ISE ) WAS NOT USED on the BP Deepwater Horizon Rig .
It is CERTAINLY NOT used on the Chad Cameroon Pipeline ( CCP ) and is WELL covered in the HAZARD AREA EQUIPMENT ( HAE ) of the CFR US Standards .
How can this be proved or disproved ?.
I would expect at sometime in the near future the Deepwater Horizon rig will be brought up to the serface and this would be a good time to reconcile if INTRINSICALLY SAFE equipment was used .
It could also be proven by reconcilation of the Operations Maintainance Manual ( OMM ) .
The original OMM is currently lying on the seabed but a MASTER COPY will be held in the Transocean / BP HQ ??!!.
Intrinsically safe equipment is VERY costly and is the one of the MAIN shortcuts in the Oil Industry .
How can we prove if ISE was / is used on the CCP , firstly by a simple ocular inspection of the Tanker and the Pumping Stations http://www.omega.com/techref/intrinsic.html
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/4/2010 @ 6:25 am PT ...
IS THE US GOVERNMENT CONNIVING AND COLLUDING WITH BP TO COVERUP SERIOUS CRIMES .
Please see this website video which purports there is a GREAT possibility of a SUPER TSUNAMIA as a consequence of this oil spill .
It also states the real dangers of GAS POISONING .
Now we know why thousand of US Troops have been brought in because they ARE expecting further and worse disasters .
http://www.bpcomplaints....mi-and-poison-gas-alert/
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... chabuka said on 7/6/2010 @ 11:51 am PT ...
I have read that over half of the Judges in the Gulf States are recipients of " oil money " in one form or another .... especially in Texas ... there is a wonderful article on Bobby Jindals defense and ties to the oil companies , in particular the two companies that sued to lift that moratorium , that ended up in Judge Feldman 's court ... coincidence ....?
Only if you consider the money directly paid to Judges , Courts and Governor 's ( politicians ) for a " favorable " outcome on rulings ... is coincedental ... or you are a right - wing Corporate / government fascist supporter ( they does n't seem to understand that the of merging Corporations and Government is the very definition of Fascism ) ... who would rather have Corporations such as BP , Xe , KBR , Goldman - Sachs and military contractors controlling and owning " the people 's " government " , while " having their unregulated Corporate way " with the citizens , the environment and the judicial / law systems of this country
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/7/2010 @ 9:42 pm PT ...
Todays court appeal hearing Judge Feldman V White House will be VERY interesting .
Ca n't wait for the result .
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/7/2010 @ 10:34 pm PT ...
The Republicans have blocked an inquiry into the BP oil spill .
Surprise surprise ??!!
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/8/2010 @ 10:04 pm PT ...
Judge Feldman won his appeal yesterday and the Oil Companies have won their court appeal to block the White House drilling ban .
Yesterdays court decision 2 - 1 in favour of Judge Feldman comes as no surorise to me .
I wonder how many Oil shares the appeal court judges hold ??!!
This oil spill debacle jst got worse .
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/9/2010 @ 11:34 pm PT ...
Please see the attached website which gives details ref BP 2 # relief well swhich they have been digging for weeks .
One relief well is nearly completed and the releif well # 2 is several weeks away .
One thing that bothers me from this sketch is WHY did they drill the oill relief wells SO CLOSE to the oil reservoir .
They could have intercepted the leaking oil well ( original shaft ) say 100 foot below see bed level .
Driling relief wells so close to the oil reservoir must surely present further leak potential ??!!.
These guys are supposed to be " experts " but why spend time and effort digging releif wells which take weeks when the same results could have been achieved in days .
Just a thought .
kind regards
Alan http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/10556039.stm
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/10/2010 @ 12:34 am PT ...
It would appear that 5th Circuit Appeal Court Judges WITHOUT Oil Ties are as rare as rocking horse shit and to prove the point the decion by the 5th Circuit Appeal Judges on Thur 8th July clearly shows CONFLICT OF INTEREST BY US JUDGES .
At least two the Judges should have recused themselves because of conflict of interest .
Unfortunately , it might take a Tsunami to wakeup the Americal People .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... alan m dransfield said on 7/10/2010 @ 1:13 am PT ...
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuela issued an arrest warrant and raided the home of the president of an opposition TV news station on Friday , as the government kept up pressure on prominent critics of President Hugo Chavez .
Attorney General Luisa Ortega said station chief Guillermo Zuloaga was wanted for “ usury ” after he was accused of illegally storing new vehicles for speculative purposes in 2009 , charges he says are politically motivated .
The network , Globovision , ran images of police looking for Zuloaga in his house .
He was not home and was not arrested .
“ It is an order to apprehend him .
Although they do not have the right to enter the house , we have no objection to them doing so , ” said his lawyer , Perla Jaimes .
Zuloaga ’s son was also named in the warrant .
Zuloaga was detained for a few hours in March after criticizing Chavez ’s government at a media executives ’ conference in Aruba .
The attorney general said then he was being investigated for possible crimes of giving false information and offending the president .
The warrant is linked to a 2009 case in which Zuloaga was accused of “ illegally storing ” 24 new Toyota vehicles to manipulate prices .
Globovision is often described as operating like an opposition political party , offering outspoken criticism of Chavez as well as a venue for politicians to gain exposure .
The station is the last of Venezuela ’s main channels to hold its editorial line .
One station , RCTV , was pulled from the air in 2007 when Chavez refused to renew its concession after its support for a short - lived coup against him in 2002 .
Other networks toned down their opposition after the coup to avoid reprisals .
The government has brought several legal cases against opposition politicians , prompting some to flee the country .
One Chavez critic , veteran politician Oswaldo Alvarez Paz , spent several weeks in jail this year after accusing the government of having links to Colombian FARC rebels on a talk show .
Chavez has also been criticized by rights groups for the imprisonment since December of Judge Maria Lourdes Afiuni , on charges she illegally released a banker charged with fraud .
Chavez ’s traditionally high popularity has waned this year as Venezuelans endure a recession and the impact of a severe electricity crisis .
But while the opposition senses an opportunity to hurt him in legislative elections in September , most analysts expect Chavez to retain his majority .
Real Madrid are poised to sign Argentina 's Angel Di María for about € 25 m ( £ 21 m ) , according to reports in the Spanish press .
The deal to bring the winger from the Portuguese champions , Benfica , was agreed in a meeting between the two club presidents yesterday and is expected to be confirmed early next week .
Benfica had initially insisted on the € 40 m fee specified in the player 's buyout clause but after Di María lobbied hard for a move to the Spanish club , Benfica 's president , Luis Felipe Vieira , agreed to settle for a lower amount .
The Argentina international will sign a five - year contract worth about € 2 m a year , making him one of Madrid 's more modestly rewarded first - team players .
Di María is currently with the Argentina squad in South Africa and played in their opening World Cup victory over Nigeria on Saturday .
Di María had attracted interest from a number of Premier League clubs including Manchester City .
In April Roberto Mancini confirmed that Di María was a player he was studying : " Di María is a good player and , in the future , we 'll see . "
The most important feature of last Tuesday ’s primary was not the anti-incumbent vote .
It certainly was n’t the “ Year of the Women ” especially for the Republicans .
Rather the primary ’s most important feature was the decline of the tea party and the emergence of serious divisions in the ranks of the Republicans .
It should surprise no one that two wealthy Republican corporate women could win the Republican nomination for governor and the Senate in California .
Meg Whitman spent something like $ 100 a vote .
At least $ 80 million of the $ 100 million she spent was her own money .
Carly Fiorina , former CEO of Hewitt Packard won the GOP nomination for the Senate and will run against Barbara Boxer .
On last Sunday ’s “ Meet the Press ” , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz who heads the , Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) , rejected the idea that this was “ the year of the women ” for the Republicans .
She pointed out that out of the 104 candidates on the Republican Congressional Committee ’s “ young guns list ” only 7 are women .
The Republican right , with most of the media on their side , are pushing the idea that this is an anti-incumbent election year , but so far of the 217 House members who ran for re-election , all but two have won their primaries .
But most importantly a recent Washington Post - ABC
News shows a decline in popular support for the tea party .
The June 3 - 6 Washington Post - ABC
News poll showed that from late March to early June of this year , those who had a “ favorable impression ” of the tea party dropped from 41 % to 36 % and those with an “ unfavorable impression ” grew from 39 % to 50 % .
When asked , “ Do you think things in this country ( are generally going in the right direction ) or do you feel things ( have gotten pretty seriously off on the wrong track ? ) ” , 60 % of respondents said things were going in the wrong direction and only 37 % said the right direction .
This shows serious mass discontent with things today .
No doubt unemployment and underemployment , foreclosures and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are wearing people down .
At the same time when asked which party , Democrats or Republicans do you trust to do a better job in coping with the main problems the nation faces over the next few years 32 % said Republicans and 44 % said Democrats .
Now these are n’t sharply contrasting number but they show a trend away from the right .
There are a lot of primary races to come and polls are just snapshots of opinions at a given moment .
Opinions in congressional races have to be examined in specific congressional districts .
However that said , things are not trending well for the extreme right and the tea party .
This suggests that with a strong grass roots effort by labor and people ’s forces to get Democratic minded voters to the polls , the usual midterm losses by the party in power could be a lot less then usual .
Put another way , the extreme right ’s effort to defeat any measures to tax the rich and help working families could be defeated .
Their effort to mobilize a large racist vote around the idea of “ taking the government back ” from the first the African American president can be rebuffed .
Rand Paul the libertarian who just won the Republican nomination for US Senate in Kentucky characterized Obama policy toward British Petroleum as “ un American ” .
This new McCarthyism from the new right must be defeated if there is to be any real progress .
That ’s how fundamental this struggle is .
If this trend continues the predictions that the Republicans will make big comeback in November could prove to be totally wrong .
Photo : Gage Skidmore http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en
Originally posted on the Real Time Brussels blog .
The U.K .
Treasury has just joined the U.S. in urging European authorities to conduct what a Treasury minister calls “ genuine , rigorous ” stress testing of banks .
In excerpts of a speech he ’s due to deliver tonight in Brussels , Mark Hoban , financial secretary to the Treasury , says the tests are needed because “ it is clear that doubts remain over the solvency of some European banks . ”
He says :
“ The extraordinary interventions we have seen in recent weeks by Governments and the ECB were in large part due to severe strains in the banking system .
A genuine , rigorous stress testing exercise is urgently needed to answer questions around solvency in severe market conditions .
The tests should be transparent both with respect to their results , but also the methods used .
Urgent action should be taken with respect to any institution failing the stress test .
Only this way can we restore true stability and confidence to this sector in the near - term . ”
He talks about how Britain backed a bank levy — but not of the type that the European Commission proposed last week .
Britain wants proceeds of the levy to go into general government funds rather than a bank resolution fund , as proposed by the commission .
“ We support a bank levy and we are pushing for international agreement .
But in tandem , we are considering detailed design and implementation of a UK only levy , drawing on the work the IMF has done to guide the international debate in the absence of an international agreement , ” he says .
“ There is some debate as to whether the proceeds of any bank tax should go into so - called national ‘ resolution funds ’ or the general budget .
As the [ International Monetary Fund ] has noted , this is a secondary part of the debate and we must remember that tax proceeds remain the responsibility of national parliaments .
“ The UK supports a bank levy but is concerned about the moral hazard implications of designated funds .
Some argue that these concerns can be mitigated if a fund is not permitted to participate in bailouts .
We are sceptical .
It is hard to see how any tax legislation , European or otherwise , could be crafted which had a credible and legally watertight “ no bailout clause ” for banks .
There would be a major time consistency issue .
We want the focus of the discussion to be on the tools that enable institutions to fail in an orderly way …
“ We back global and European reforms that strengthen markets , promote confidence and transparency and produce better results for businesses and households .
This means working together , but we must never lose sight of the lesson of the last three years that it is taxpayers that pick up the bill when one of our banks fails .
Some decisions must be taken at home .
The British Government will never shirk the difficult choices needed to reform banking and financial regulation and , if we have to , we are prepared to go further and be tougher than our international partners to safeguard our economy . ”
Here ’s the full speech .
Flash Game Minesweeper+RPG
Mamono Sweeper
← You can tweet if you win .
Other difficulty is here .
← You can tweet if you win .
An android app was released .
Description
This is a cross between Minesweeper and an RPG .
You gain levels by killing weak monsters and win when you defeat them all .
It 's a bit different than Minesweeper in that the number you reveal when you click on a square is the total of the levels of the monsters in adjacent squares .
When you click on a tile with a monster in it , a battle begins .
First you attack , and deal damage ( equal to your level ) to the monster .
On the next turn , if the monster is still alive , it attacks you back .
Your attacks alternate until one of you dies .
You do n't see this , though -- the battle plays out instantly after you click .
Controls
Click on a tile to open it .
Click on an already defeated monster to switch between it and the number for its square .
You can mark tiles with numbers by pressing [ A ] and [ D ] or [ Left ] and [ Right ] while hovering the mouse over them .
When you press [ Left ] or [ A ] , the number decreases , starting from the highest possible monster level .
When you press [ Right ] or [ D ] , the number increases , starting from two .
Click " Clear " , and confirm at " OK ? " to reset the game .
Legend
HP Hit points .
If these drop to 0 , you lose .
LV Level .
This is how much damage you deal to monsters .
EX Experience .
Collect enough to level up .
NE Remaining experience required to reach the next level .
Monsters
Trivia
The film has four references to wineries that appear prominently in Sideways ( 2004 ) .
During the first family dinner scene , the label of the wine bottle on the table is Frass Canyon ; Nic looks at it and asks Jules if there is any more Fiddlehead .
Frass Canyon is the contrived name of the winery where Paul Giamatti 's character in Sideways ( Miles ) drinks from the spittoon and then dumps the remaining liquid on his head .
Miles and Virginia Madsen 's character in Sideways ( Maya ) rave about the Fiddlehead Sauvignon Blanc that Maya is drinking when the two couples meet for dinner -- immediately following the famous Merlot scene .
When Paul visits Jules and Nic's home for the first time , he announces that he 's brought a bottle of Petite Sirah ; the label is from Kalyra , the winery where Sandra Oh 's character in Sideways works and meets Jack ( Thomas Haden Church ) .
Just before the scene when Nic learns of Jules 's affair , Paul excitedly tells Nic that he has a " killer " bottle of Alma Rosa Pinot Noir ( and the Alma Rosa label appears on the bottle ) .
Alma Rosa is the winery owned by Richard Sanford .
At the time Sideways was filmed , Richard Sanford owned Sanford , the first winery stop for Miles and Jack where Miles waxes poetic about Sanford 's Pinot Noir .
Alma Rosa 's tasting room was the Sanford tasting room that appeared in Sideways , and Chris Burroughs , the wine pourer at Sanford in the film , poured for Alma Rosa as recently as 2014 .
See more
Trivia
During the dream at the beginning of the movie , Karen finds an envelope from Viviane with the phrase " Claviceps Purpurea Ergot . "
Claviceps purpurea is a type of ergot fungus that can grow in rye and has been known to cause hallucinations .
An alternate read of the movie is that the demons are n't real , and instead are just hallucinations due to tainted church muffins .
The only people who are confirmed to see demons are church members ( Betty , Frankie ) or people who are shown to have eaten the muffins ( Karen ) .
See more
Days after Democrat Michael Bennet was sworn into the U.S. Senate , the freshly minted senator sold off at least $ 2 million worth of investments , according to a Center for Responsive Politics review of newly released personal financial disclose reports .
At the same time , he opted to retain at least $ 50,000 in a Colorado company that has been a major financial supporter of his reelection bid , the Center found .
Bennet was sworn into office on Jan. 22 , 2009 .
Five days later , he sold between $ 2 million and $ 5.6 million worth of stocks and other securities in more than 80 companies and investment funds .
Because lawmakers ’ are only required to disclose their assets , liabilities and financial transactions in broad ranges , the exact value of the interests he sold is not known .
Companies that Bennet dropped include political heavyweights AT&T , Altria Group , Verizon , BP , Chevron , General Electric , JP Morgan Chase and pharmaceutical makers Bristol - Myers Squibb and Eli Lilly .
According to Bennet ’s personal financial report , he opted to retain between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million in Regal Entertainment Group , which operates thousands of screens in more than 500 movie theaters across the country , and between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 in Level 3 Communications Inc. , a Colorado - based company that provides fiber - based communications services .
The political action committee of Level 3 Communications has donated $ 6,000 to Bennet ’s reelection efforts since he was sworn into office .
The Center ’s research further indicates that individual employees of Level 3 Communications , along with their spouses , have also donated $ 13,550 to Bennet since last January — ranking the company among his top financial backers .
Bennet ’s office did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
( Update 2:10 PM : Adam Bozzi , a spokesman for Bennet , issued the following statement to OpenSecret Blog : “ Upon taking office , Michael sold several of his stocks to simplify his portfolio . ” )
Bennet , the former superintendent of the Denver public school system , was elevated last year by Democratic Gov. Bill Ritter of Colorado , after President Barack Obama tapped Sen. Ken Salazar ( D - Colo. ) to serve as Secretary of the Interior .
He is facing a tough left - wing primary challenge from former Colorado House Speaker Andrew Romanoff , and whoever wins is expected to face a strong Republican challenge in the general election .
Bennet ’s financial disclosure report also notes that he stepped down from several nonprofit boards in January 2009 , upon his elevation to the Senate .
Bennet had previously headed the Denver Public Schools Board , the Denver Scholarship Fund and a another education group called Junior Achievement .
Bennet ’s largest holdings at the end of 2009 were between $ 5 million and $ 25 million in U.S. Treasury securities , according to his personal financial disclosure report .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Image caption Mr Valcke previously said the event was a " real African World Cup "
A senior Fifa official has said he was " disappointed " by the number of World Cup tickets sold to fans in African countries .
Jerome Valcke said only 40,000 tickets have been sold in countries in the continent outside of South Africa .
The football body has faced criticism for not making tickets accessible to Africans , as most tickets were being sold via the internet .
It is the first time the World Cup is being held on African soil .
' Priced out '
Mr Valcke - who has previously billed the event as a " real African World Cup " - said that African sales were " poor " and that Fifa would have to re-think its strategy towards Brazil , hosts of the 2014 Cup .
" It 's really not a lot of tickets when you think that we have so many African countries playing in the World Cup , " he said at a press event in South Africa .
" The system that we put in place was not perfect for South Africa and for Africa " .
AFRICA WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS Algeria
Cameroon
Ghana
Ivory Coast
Nigeria
South Africa African ticket - buying experiences
He said that there were also difficulties in air travel from one African country to South Africa .
South African Tourism Minister Martinus van Schalkwyk said on Tuesday that the figures were 76 % less than those forecasted for the event .
He said that only 11,300 people in Africa made ticket purchases , out of a total of 230,000 foreign fans .
In March , Mr Valcke denied that Africans were being priced out of tournaments .
While tickets in South Africa were offered at a lower price , fans in other African countries had to pay the standard amount - with the cheapest costing $ 80 ( £ 54 ) .
Critics also said that many Africans would face difficulties accessing the internet , or might not have a credit card to make purchases online .
Over 2.5 million tickets have been sold out of 3 million available for the World Cup , which begins in three weeks .
More than a million have been bought by South Africans .
Get MontyMail !
Want information about our new releases ?
Sign up for our monthly newsletter !
Our Privacy Policy :
We will never sell , rent , lend , or give away your e-mail address to anyone for any reason .
Choose a game !
Jump To Product : ToySight BumperCar _____________________
Burning Monkey Casino Burning Monkey Solitaire 3 3D Bridge Deluxe 3D Crazy Eights 3D Euchre Deluxe 3D Hearts Deluxe 3D Pitch aka Setback 3D Spades Deluxe Classic Cribbage Classic Gin Rummy _____________________
Big Bang Chess Squabble X - Words Deluxe CrossCards Freeverse Deluxe Board Games Byte Me! _____________________
Northland Burning Monkey Mahjong Solitaire Burning Monkey Puzzle Lab Deathground Enigma Legion Solace _____________________
Active Lancer Airburst Arcane Arena Atlas : The Gift of Aramai KickOff 2002 Payback WingNuts : Temporal Navigator Wipeout 2097 Headquartered in New York , Freeverse Software is a developer , publisher and distributor of computer games for Mac OS and Microsoft Windows .
CARD GAMES
3D Bridge Deluxe - 3D Crazy Eights - 3D Euchre Deluxe
3D Hearts Deluxe - 3D Pitch Deluxe - 3D Spades Deluxe
Burning Monkey Solitaire 3 - Burning Monkey Casino
Classic Cribbage - Classic Gin Rummy
BOARD GAMES
Squabble
Big Bang Chess - Burning Monkey Mahjong Solitaire
X - Words - CrossCards - FV Board Games Deluxe - ByteMe !
STRATEGY / PUZZLE / RPG GAMES
Solace - Legion - Deathground
Arcane Arena - Atlas
Burning Monkey Puzzle Lab - Enigma
ARCADE / ACTION GAMES
ToySight
Active Lancer - Airburst - Wingnuts
Payback - Wipeout 2097 - Kickoff
WEB BROWSERS
BumperCar
Adopt a community !
Your support funds a new pilot community !
We 'll send you updates on how * your * support is helping bring this amazing new local media to a new community .
Your name will be listed as an Essential Supporter .
You will also receive a 16x20 print of a data visualisation ( a chromogram ) of Wikipedia editing activity , a hand - written thank - you note from us , a LocalWiki shirt , " I kickstarted LocalWiki ! " sticker , and be invited to our launch party .
Your generous contribution is tax - deductible !
Less
The commander of the first Roman galley must have looked with an intense absorption upon the estuary of the Thames as he turned the beaked prow of his ship to the westward under the brow of the North Foreland .
Pierre during the last two years , as a result of his continual absorption in abstract interests and his sincere contempt for all else , had acquired in his wife 's circle , which did not interest him , that air of unconcern , indifference , and benevolence toward all , which cannot be acquired artificially and therefore inspires involuntary respect .
My fancy made a picture of them distended with three weeks ' absorption of mineral springs .
It seemed to Philip , brooding over these matters , that in the true painters , writers , musicians , there was a power which drove them to such complete absorption in their work as to make it inevitable for them to subordinate life to art .
Her eyes and cheeks had an almost feverish brilliancy ; her head was thrown backward , and her hands were clasped with the palms outward , and with that tension of the arms which is apt to accompany mental absorption .
One of the most important forces in this period of his slow preparation was his study of German and his absorption of the idealistic philosophy of Kant , Schelling , and Fichte , of the broad philosophic influence of Goethe , and the subtile influence of Richter .
Jerry , the messenger , who had made his own observations , in his own manner , and who had been sucking the rust off his fingers in his absorption , stretched his neck to hear who they were .
It was an expression of unconscious placid gravity -- of absorption in thoughts that had no connection with the present moment or with her own personality -- an expression that is most of all discouraging to a lover .
Nothing bad passed for half an hour -- nothing at least , to be exact , but that each of the companions occasionally and covertly intermitted her pursuit in such a manner as to ascertain the degree of absorption of the other without turning round .
When she was too lonely , she would go to them and shed her own troubles and problems by absorption in those of others .
In her absorption she did not note the sudden activity upon the vessel , the purring of the engines , the throbbing of the propeller .
As with so much happening today in Afghanistan , the midwives are foreigners , the gestation is troubled and the parents are hopeful .
Some say this fabled eight - acre enclosure in the Shahrara neighborhood of Kabul goes back to the days of Babur the Conqueror , in the 1500s .
More reliably it is dated to the 1940s or ’ 50s , when King Zahir Shah was said to have bequeathed it to the state .
Karima Salik tells the story of the Kabul Women ’s Garden she remembers as a girl in the 1970s , a halcyon age for Afghanistan and its women , before the present 32 years of unbroken war began .
“ The trees covered everything , ” she recalled .
“ There was laughter and chatter and music . ”
For the past three years , Ms. Salik has managed the garden , which is now in the midst of a $ 500,000 face - lift supported by the United States Agency for International Development and CARE International .
Most of the money pays laborers who are landscaping , planting trees , rebuilding footpaths and raising the walls still higher .
Women on construction projects are almost unheard of in Afghanistan , but the United States Agency for International Development program requires that at least 25 percent of the work force be female .
Here they are 50 percent of it .
Ms. Salik ’s childhood witnessed one of the most liberated periods for women in Afghan history , when the communist government took over in 1978 and enforced equality , banned the burqa and mandated education for girls .
Imagine a siege of hydrocarbons spewing from deep below ground , polluting water and air , sickening animals and threatening the health of unsuspecting Americans .
And no one knows how long it will last .
No , we ’re not talking about BP ’s gulf oil spill .
We ’re talking about hydraulic fracturing of natural gas deposits .
And if that phrase makes your eyes glaze over , start blinking them open .
Fracking , as the practice is also known , may be coming to a drinking well or a water system near you .
It involves blasting water , sand and chemicals , many of them toxic , into underground rock to extract oil or gas .
" Gasland , " a compelling documentary on HBO airing Monday , June 21 ( 9 p.m. ET / PT ) , traces hydraulic fracturing across 34 states from California to Louisiana to Pennsylvania .
The exposé by filmmaker Josh Fox , alternately chilling and darkly humorous , won the 2010 Sundance Film Festival ’s special jury prize for documentary .
It details how former Vice President Dick Cheney , in partnership with the energy industry and drilling companies such as his former employer , Halliburton Corp. , successfully pressured Congress in 2005 to exempt fracking from the Safe Drinking Water Act , the Clean Air Act and other environmental laws .
And it highlights the battle in Congress today over whether to repeal the provision that allows gas companies to conceal which chemicals they inject into the ground as " trade secrets . "
Each well requires the high - pressure injection of a cocktail of nearly 600 chemicals , including known carcinogens and neurotoxins , diluted in 1 million to 7 million gallons of water .
Some 450,000 wells have been drilled nationwide .
Coincidentally , a month before the blowout of the gulf oil well , Energy and Environment Daily , an independent publication , published a draft of proposed language to exempt fracking from chemical disclosure rules in pending Senate energy and climate legislation .
The primary author ?
BP America Inc .
With the number of Chinese internet users expected to increase rapidly over the coming years , the Chinese Ministry of Culture has announced that it is putting new regulations into place that will place stricter rules on online games , especially with regard to underage users .
The regulations , which will be put into effect on the first of August later this year , state that games targeting minors may no longer contain any content that is would be deemed to be in conflict with social norms or the law .
Further “ unwholesome ” content in online games , such as pornography , violence , gambling and content relating to superstitions or cults , must be made inaccessible to users under the age of 18 .
Virtual items may no longer be bought with real money and minors will be banned from engaging in virtual online transactions in general .
Finally , online games must include mechanics that limit the playing time of underage users in an attempt to prevent addiction .
The new regulations follow in a series of increasingly strict rules that limit access to online games or ban certain types of content .
In the past , the Chinese government passed laws that prevent foreign entities from investing in Chinese operators of online games and enforced rulings that state that all online games must be approved by a regulating agency before being allowed to go public .
Since most gamers in China play online games from internet cafes , rather than their own homes , the new laws also state that users must register with their actual names , to help in identifying underage users .
The new directives do not provide specific tools or guidelines on how operators of online games must achieve these goals before the first of August .
Israel 's intention to expel four Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem to the West Bank could constitute a war crime , a UN human rights expert charged on Tuesday .
Richard Falk , UN special rapporteur on human rights in the Palestinian territories , said the move was part of a Israeli push to remove Palestinians from East Jerusalem .
Open gallery view Hamas official Mohammed Abu Tir was released from Israeli prison on Thursday May 19 , 2010 Credit : Lior Mizrachi
" These actions , if carried out , would violate international law , with certain actions potentially amounting to war crimes under international humanitarian law , " Falk said in a statement .
" Forcibly transferring these individuals would constitute serious violations of Israel 's legal obligations .
At the same time , the current threats should be viewed as part of a larger , extremely worrying pattern of Israeli efforts to drive Palestinians out of East Jerusalem - all of which are illegal under international law , " Falk said .
All four are members of the Palestinian Legislative Council and long - time residents of the city , Falk said .
But all are also members of Hamas , which has pledged to destroy Israel and is viewed by Israel and the West as a terrorist group .
On September 6 , the Israeli High Court of Justice is scheduled to consider their case , according to Falk .
He named them as Muhammad Abu - Teir , Ahmad Attoun , Muhammad Totah and Khaled Abu Arafeh .
Araheh is a former Hamas cabinet minister and the other three were lawmakers elected in 2006 .
" Israel , as an occupying power , is prohibited from transferring civilian persons from East Jerusalem and is prohibited from forcing Palestinians to swear allegiance or otherwise affirm their loyalty to the State of Israel , " he said .
Demolitions
Falk also criticized Israel 's plan to demolish some 20 Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem , calling it illegal and saying it reflected its systematic bid to drive Palestinians out of the holy city .
A local planning commission has approved a scheme to destroy the homes , as part of the King 's Garden project , but it will need additional ratification which could take months , Israeli officials have said .
City spokesman Stephan Miller has said the project was intended " to improve the quality of life " in Silwan and that a park and public complex slated to be built in the area would be used by Arabs and Jews alike .
" International law does not allow Israel to bulldoze Palestinians homes to make space for the Mayor 's project to build a garden , or anything else , " said Falk .
Israel drew U.S. anger in March , when it announced during a visit by Vice President Joe Biden a plan to build 1,600 homes for Jews in an area of the occupied West Bank it considers part of Jerusalem .
Israel assured Washington building at the Ramat Shlomo settlement site would not begin for at least two years .
In December 2008 , Falk , who is Jewish , was detained and turned back from Israel while trying to carry out an official UN mission to Gaza , West Bank and East Jerusalem .
The deportation was denounced by UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon .
He has served in the independent post since May 2008 , reporting to the UN Human Rights Council .
Critics say that the 47 - member state forum unfairly singles out Israeli violations .
One of the most remote and lifeless planets in the known galaxy , Hoth was of no real interest to the Republic until it became the site of a devastating military defeat .
At the height of the Great War , Republic and Imperial fleets clashed in the Hoth system in a decisive battle which saw the destruction of some of the most advanced and powerful starships in the galaxy .
In the aftermath of the battle , the icy planet of Hoth became a massive starship graveyard , littered with the wreckage of hundreds of warships from both sides , including several prototype ships the Republic had deployed in the hope of turning the tide of the war .
As the war raged on , though , neither the Republic nor the Empire had the time and resources to mount a recovery operation .
Upon learning of the wealth of technology abandoned on Hoth , an ambitious pirate confederation started their own salvage operation .
They brought an army of droids and mercenaries and began looting all useful remnants from the wreckage in an effort to piece together their own battle cruisers and create a pirate armada .
In the wake of the Treaty of Coruscant , however , both Republic and Empire have returned to reclaim what ’s left of their war machines , and Hoth has become a point of considerable contention .
Despite the peace and the planet ’s remote location , skirmishes have broken out often , and now both superpowers have become entrenched — committed to fighting for Hoth until the cold , bitter end .
KALAMAZOO —
A Facebook group targeting a Kalamazoo towing company has cost the business numerous contracts , according its attorney .
The
, meanwhile , has eclipsed the
mark in members .
created in February by 21 - year - old WMU student Justin Kurtz , has generated “ adverse publicity ” that has resulted in T & J Towing losing “ somewhere in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 ” contracts , said Richard K. Burnham , who earlier this month filed a $ 750,000 lawsuit against Kurtz on behalf of T & J Towing President Joseph Bird .
“ He lost two more ( accounts ) over the weekend , ” said Burnham , who declined to name those former T & J Towing clients .
Burnham said the value of lost business is “ substantial , ” but could n’t provide a dollar figure .
Kurtz , an aviation student from Yorkville , N.Y. , claims his Saturn SL2 was legally parked and that his complex - issued parking sticker was displayed when his car was towed in January from The Arboretum apartment complex .
Kurtz says on his Facebook group that he believes his car was broken into and his parking sticker removed so that the car could be towed .
Similar allegations are made in
by people who say they were legally parked when they were towed by T & J , including some claims that parking stickers had been removed .
Burnham said the Facebook group , which now boasts more than 10,100 members , is filled with posts by Kurtz and others containing allegations that are “ undocumented , unprosecuted , unproved and unpunished . ”
The Paw Paw attorney for T & J Towing said that if Kurtz can’t prove his allegation that his permit was disturbed , he is accountable for libel and slander .
“ Mr. Kurtz has to be aware that this is not just some fun - and - games thing , that he ’s created an impact and there ’s going to be a responsibility if in fact he ’s found to be responsible , ” Burnham said .
T & J Towing ’s Kalamazoo County Circuit Court lawsuit , in addition to seeking damages from Kurtz , requests a court order that he cease and desist “ any further libelous and slanderous written claims ” about the company .
Kurtz said he is working with a local attorney , who has until April 30 to file an answer to the lawsuit .
Meanwhile , Kurtz said his Facebook group has
, from as far away as Europe .
“ It ’s definitely been shocking , ” he said of its following .
“ It ’s pretty intense . ”
Burnham said he feels that his client has a strong case .
“ He ’s got the obligation to prove the correctness of his statements , ” the attorney said of Kurtz .
“ I do n’t have to prove that they ’re incorrect ...
That ’s a problem that Mr. Kurtz has created and he ’s got to ride that horse .
“ He ’s already taken ( business ) away from us short term , and probably permanently , and if he did that wrongfully because he was angry , he deserves to be held responsible . ”
Contact Rex Hall Jr. at
or 269-388-7784 .
A very interesting lawsuit was filed this week in Orange County California .
The lawsuit is challenging city ordinances in Costa Mesa and Lake Forest that ban medical marijuana dispensaries .
The interesting thing about the lawsuit , to me , is not the fact that a ban is being challenged ( that has already occurred before ) .
It ’s the type of legal argument being presented .
Also , it ’s not dispensary owners that are being represented in the lawsuit , its patients themselves , which I find very interesting , and legally significant .
Matthew Pappas is the attorney representing four Orange County medical marijuana patients .
One of the arguments that he has been trying to use is that the dispensary bans violate the Americans with Disabilities Act , which has not worked .
Last month , U.S. District Judge Andrew Guilford rejected that argument , pointing out that the Americans with Disabilities Act does not include marijuana use .
However , on appeal to the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , Matthew Pappas has changed his argument a bit , and is now trying the ‘ equal protection ’ argument .
This argument is much more likely to win over the Court of Appeals than the previous strategy .
Since last year , the United States Congress has lifted its ban on medical marijuana in Washington D.C.
Not only that , the city is also working out ways to implement a dispensary system !
And that ’s where the crucial part of this lawsuit is contained .
The United States Constitution , as well as case law , clearly states that all citizens are to have ‘ equal protection of the laws . ’
That means no special treatment from state to state , and more specifically , if the feds can have dispensaries , than so can states !
“ Because Congress has said it ’s OK to go ahead now with medical marijuana in Washington , D.C. , equal protection says citizens should be protected equally everywhere , ” Attorney Matthew Pappas said .
“ Congress ca n’t make it legal in D.C. and not anywhere else . ”
Very well said Mr. Pappas !
The lawsuit requests an injunction to stop police activity against dispensaries , to bar the cities from further actions , to award damages for past actions and to pay legal fees .
If the lawsuit is successful , the only way the feds and stiffs could get around it would be if there were no dispensaries anywhere , including DC , period .
Would the authorities be willing to do so …I ’ll leave that for another article …
What argument does the other side have to offer ?
“ The plaintiffs ’ claims are without any legal support , and it is costly to the city to defend this , ” said Jeffrey Dunn , who represents the City of Lake Forest .
Really Mr. Dunn ?
That ’s the best you have ?
I think a high school civics student can look at the argument put forward by Mr. Pappas and see that it is clearly backed by quite a bit of legal support …
Did n’t you have to study Brown v. Board in law school Mr. Dunn ??
Will a California resident please check with the California Bar Association to see if this guy even has a license !
‘ Attorney ’ Jeffrey Dunn went on to say , “ Marijuana use is illegal in the District of Columbia and the rest of the United States .
For over 30 years , the federal courts have consistently rejected arguments that medicinal marijuana use is legal , and the United States Supreme Court has said that marijuana use is illegal despite California ’s medical marijuana laws . ”
Since Mr. Dunn appears to be slow ( or live under a rock ) , let ’s bring him up to speed .
Hey Jeffrey – DC NOW ALLOWS MARIJUANA USE FOR MEDICAL PURPOSES , AND HAS EVEN APPROVED DISPENSARIES .
You should Google it sometime ; you ’d be amazed what you have been missing while you were practicing your propaganda 101 .
A quiet game won by two scrappy goals – not really the performance we were hoping for from Holland .
Some credit should go to Morten Olsen – his tactics stifled Holland ’s creative players and Denmark did have chances to score .
Holland lined up as expected considering the injury to Arjen Robben – Rafael Van der Vaart played on the left , Dirk Kuyt was on the right , and Welsey Sneijder played behind Robin van Persie .
Denmark ’s shape was broadly a defensive 4 - 1 - 4 - 1 which matched Holland in the centre of midfield – Christian Poulsen picked up Wesley Sneijder , whilst the two players ahead of him looked to track any forward runs from Mark van Bommel or Nigel de Jong .
Denmark defensive - minded
Denmark essentially set out looking for a draw , attempting to negate Holland ’s strengths rather than maximise their own .
They managed to do this rather well – Holland created few chances throughout the first half and there was no player on the pitch that really had any time on the ball – everyone was immediately confronted with an opponent and this resulted in a tight , cagey game of few goalscoring opportunities .
Denmark ’s defending started from the front .
They were keen to make sure Maarten Stekelenburg was unable to play out from goal - kicks to his two centre - backs , with Nicklas Bendtner and one of the wingers closing down and forcing the Dutch goalkeeper to hit his goal - kicks long .
This seemed to trouble Holland who wanted to keep possession and dictate the tempo of the game .
Aside from goal - kicks , however , the Danish midfield sat inside their own half and did n’t look to pressure the Dutch player in possession until they got within 40 - 50 metres of the goal .
Their defence , too , sat very deep and meant Holland were unable to play balls in behind Daniel Agger and Simon Kjaer .
Upfront Nicklas
Bendtner was doing a decent job in holding up the ball and waiting for the midfield runners .
He dropped relatively deep when the Dutch brought the ball into the Danish half , meaning that if the ball was won and played up to Bendtner , he generally had 5 - 10 yards of pace and could hold onto the ball much more easily than if he had pushed high up against the Dutch centre - backs .
Dutch congestion
Whilst Denmark were defending well , Holland were not helping themselves when in possession .
There was surprisingly little width from the Dutch , with Rafael van der Vaart drifting in too much from the left , and Dirk Kuyt running into Simon Poulsen , who was the best player on the pitch until his mistake in the second half .
Holland also found it difficult to get their full - backs into the game because they were tracked well by the Danish wingers .
The only players who found space to operate in were Nigel de Jong and the two centre - backs – whenever they played the ball forward or wide , they generally received the ball back straight away as the flair players were closed down , and had no other options on .
A main part of the problem was that van der Vaart and Sneijder were operating in the same space .
Sneijder likes to move to the left to find space , whilst van der Vaart looks to move inside .
They needed to stretch the play to create spaces in the Danish defence , but the back four sat deep and narrow and dealt with crosses and through - balls well .
On the other hand , the Dutch narrowness and the Danes ’ strict instructions to track individual players meant that Denmark ended up playing rather narrow too – it was not unusual to see three of the band of four midfield runners ending up within ten yards of each other when defending , and therefore it was difficult for them to find an out - ball , aside from the long pass up to Bendtner .
The Danish four were happy to switch around both in and out of possession , and their best move came when the excellent Martin Jorgensen moved to the left and hit a huge diagonal ball to Dennis Rommedahl on the right , although he wasted the opportunity .
In all , it was a quiet first half – Holland and Denmark both touched the ball in the opposition box just three times in the first half , according to OPTA .
Goal settles the game
No obvious changes at the start of the second half , but an immediate goal .
And with the Dutch problems with width on the left , it was ironic that the goal came when van Persie chased a hopeful ball into a deep left - wing possession and crossed the ball in .
Poulsen ’s header was awful , deflecting off Daniel Agger on its way in , and Holland were ahead despite Denmark ’s excellent defensive display .
After that , little happened to actually change the scoreline .
The half - fit Bendtner could only last until the hour mark and he was replaced by Mikkel Beckmann , not a natural striker by any means .
The Danes did n’t appear to be able to shift from their defensive state to a more positive approach , and offered little goal threat for the rest of the game .
Natural width proves successful for Holland
The main interest came from the Dutch bench , where Elijero Elia replaced van der Vaart and played the left - wing role much , much better – keeping wide and skinning the Lars Jacobsen on two occasions shortly after his introduction , stretching the Dutch play and allowing Sneijder to move into the areas he wanted to play in .
It was no surprise that the second goal came from his run in behind the defence – his shot was partially saved by Thomas Sorensen , but it hit the post and rebounded to Kuyt , to tap in and seal the game in the 84th minute .
Conclusion
Holland need natural width .
Preferably from Robben , but if he is not available , the pacey Elia should be used to stretch the opposition defence and vary the threat .
They had struggled all first half for any flair from the left side of attack , and their two goals came when first van Persie and then the substitute Elia caused the Danes problems from that very position , showing what they needed on a more permanent basis .
The Danes ’ near - successful approach suggested that a deep and narrow defensive line could cause Holland problems , and the way the midfield was set out , to deliberately confront the Dutch midfielders and full - backs when they got the ball , could well be used even more successfully by a more talented side .
It was basically the complete opposite of the failed Australian tactics against Germany yesterday .
The Danish objective was ( a ) to try for a 0 - 0 and if not , ( b ) to avoid an embarrassment .
Their midfield was disciplined and defensive , yet contained four players with ability on the ball – against Japan and Cameroon they will look to break forward more , and having avoided the mauling many predicted , still have a good chance of qualification .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Update : The Cinema Today website reports that Madhouse is the acclaimed anime studio ( Death Note , Paprika , Vampire Hunter D , Summer Wars ) that is producing the previously announced Supernatural the Animation project for Warner Brothers .
According to the website , this is the world 's first animated project from a Japanese anime studio that is based on a popular overseas drama series .
Shigeyuki Miya ( Lupin III : Green vs Red , Aoi Bungaku Series , Buzzer Beater ) and Atsuko Ishizuka ( Aoi Bungaku Series ) are co-directing the project .
Warner Home Video will release Supernatural the Animation on Blu-ray and DVD in Japan on January 12 , 2011 .
The original live - action series follows the Winchester brothers Sam ( Jared Padalecki ) and Dean ( Jensen Ackles ) as they hunt creatures and other supernatural phenomena across the American landscape .
The series premiered on The WB network in the United States in 2005 , and it will enter its sixth season on The WB 's replacement network , The CW , this fall .
Image © 2010 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc .
Update :
The animeanime .jp website reports that the anime will be a 22 - episode season that will cover the storyline of the live - action version 's first two seasons .
The first volume will ship on January 12 with the first two episodes .
On February 2 , the " Box 1 " set will ship with episodes 3 to 12 .
On April 6 , the " Box 2 " set will ship with episodes 13 to 22 .
( There will be a different release schedule for the rental version of the project . )
The anime project will not only remake the best episodes from the live - action version , but also depict original episodes not seen in the live - action version .
Those original episodes will include prologues of the Winchester brothers ' childhood , anime - only enemies , and episodes featuring secondary characters from the live - action version .
Supernatural creator Eric Kripke is credited as the anime project 's creator , and Madhouse co-founder Masao Maruyama is serving as executive producer .
Naoya Takayama ( Night Head , Liar Game ) is supervising the series ' scripts , and Takahiro Yoshimatsu ( Trigun ) is designing the characters .
Update 2 : Yuya Uchida ( Soul Eater 's Dr. Franken Stein , Naruto Shippūden's Rinji ) will dub the role of Sam , while Hiroki Touchi ( Trinity Blood 's Abel Nightroad , Bokurano's Kokkpelli ) will dub the role of Dean .
Both actors dubbed these same roles for the live - action version in Japanese .
Sources : AV Watch , Presepe News
The Great Depression Greeks Struggle with Sick - Man Status
They 've emptied their bank accounts , abandoned vacations and started taking the bus .
Now , they fear for their jobs :
The Greeks bemoan the difficult crisis that has taken over their country .
Above all , they feel humiliated by Germany .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
YOU all know who you are !
YOU want to sell me your tarps or furry boots or furry chaps or furry goggles or dome thingy or stupid bike that you used at last year 's BM Festival , so you post it for sale on craigslist .
Cool .
BUT : you do n't know where it is , or you 've lost the key to your storage area , you 're not speaking to your ex-roommate / spouse / coworker / former camp / tribe mate .
You do n't know when you 'll be home , or " back in the country " , or you 're " uncertain " how much you want to sell it for .
Additionally , I 'm supposed to be on stand - by for this amazing purchase , because : you are possibly , maybe , but definitely - want - to - keep - your - options - open , because you 're probably / maybe / god - willing / if the stars align going to Burning Man this year .
Seriously , I read your ad .
You said that you wanted to sell your old Burning Man stuff to fund this year 's trip to BM .... but then when I wanted to buy it , you said you did n't want to sell it ...... because you might be going .
This is the kind of thing that gives Southern CA and BM a bad name .
YOU want to rent me your old RV for the week .
IF we : pick it up , find a shop that will do the $ 1200 in repairs it needs and the pay Cruise America day rates for it .
Dude , I said , we can't pay top market rates for something ...... that does n't even run .
Not to mention you are too stoned to post a working phone number .
Believe me .
I NEVER thought we would rent from CriuseAmerica .
This is my 7th Burn , and when we 've rented RVs ( 4 times ) , we 've always rented from the little guy .
Dear Cruise America Fillmore : I love you and I apologize for all the anti-corporate statements I have made about you .
Please forgive me and I thank you for not being stoned when we called .
YOU want to buy my two extra Burning Man tickets that I offered for sale for face value , with receipts .
Cool .
BUT : you want to come after 9:00 pm , but do n't really want to commit to that so maybe tomorrow , or if not then , then definitely Saturday .... if your friend from Portland is there by then .
Or you want a " miracle gift ticket " which means I 'm supposed to sell it to you for nothing because you woke up today with the idea that , oh yeah right !
Burning Man is a gift economy , with lots of strangers just standing by to make sure that you get a free ticket .
Or you make an appointment to come by my house and pick up and buy my tickets , and there are SO many of you like this , but you do n't show and do n't call .
And you even told me " I 'm good for the tickets , do n't sell them to someone else . "
Which someone else are you referring to ?
You mean the one guy in Santa Barbara County who came to pick them up when he said he would , and had cash ?
Yup .
I bailed .
I sold the tickets to that guy !
It really would n't have mattered if he was everything that Burning Man supposedly does n't stand for .
He showed up and and had the correct amount of cash .
He could also write a complete email sentence AND could make a phone call and leave a message .
I think it was love at first sight .
I know there is a place for Burning Man / Craigslist Flakes in Heaven .
But until we meet there , let 's agree to maintain a friendly distance .
I 'd say about 1000 miles would do it .
The Smoke Buddy is a hand held charcoal filter which hides the smell of marijuana smoke .
If for some reason you need to conceal the smell of weed , then the smoke buddy is what you ’ve been looking for .
This is basically a 2.0 version of the “ muff puff ” .
A Muff Puff is simple to make .
You just stuff the inside of a toilet paper roll full of dryer sheets .
It works amazingly well .
When you exhale you do n’t see any smoke .
There is a lingering of some smell in the air but it ’s indiscernible .
For the most part , the danky smell of even strong marijuana will be covered up .
If you combine it with some incense or some sort of an aerosol odor neutralizer you ’ll be completely golden .
The Smoke Buddy takes it to a whole new level and using charcoal filters to actually clean the smoke , whereas the old “ muff puffs ” would just attempt to cover the smell ( plus a lot naturally get ’s absorbed into the fibers of the dryer sheets . )
These smoke buddy things actually work !
Continue Reading
SEE MORE :
SEE MORE : adventure
Share This Story
More from The Onion
Do n't be intimidated by the thought of hiring a lawyer .
Their job is to help you find the best solution to your legal issue .
Here are some examples of when it is best to hire a lawyer :
You were in a car accident , slip and fall , or other accident and suffered an injury
You were accused of a crime , DUI , or other violation
You ’re facing a family problem such as divorce or child custody dispute
If any of these sound like you , you should consider talking with several lawyers before choosing one .
Get started now by browsing or searching for lawyers who match your needs .
Cynthia Warner was in Morocco on April 20 celebrating International Earth Day , when a friend emailed her with the news :
An explosion at a BP oil well off the Louisiana coast had killed 11 men and ruptured a pipeline almost a mile underwater , sending waves of crude into the Gulf of Mexico .
“ My first thoughts were for the people who died and the men there witnessing it and the horror of all that , ” she says .
“ My heart sank .
This is the kind of nightmare that everyone works hard to prevent from every angle . ”
advertisement
advertisement
Warner , known as CJ , has a more informed perspective on this species of nightmare than most observers .
As the former head of global refining for BP , she was one of Big Oil ’s highest - ranking woman executives until she abandoned petroleum to become president of Sapphire Energy in 2009 .
“ I was never directly involved in drilling , ” she says .
“ I could n’t represent myself as an expert on this . ”
But as efforts to halt the spill failed , phone calls , text messages , and emails from the network Warner built during her 28 years in the oil business kept her in touch with what she calls the “ huge drama underneath the surface — all the technical people who are working night and day , trying to figure out what to do .
This one is really tough because it ’s extremely deep water . ”
In such challenging situations , “ it is just so much harder to resolve any problems that arise . ”
And that difficulty , she says , was at the heart of her decision to leave Big Oil .
“ They have to drill this deep because it ’s getting harder and harder to find new sources of oil .
The harder you work to find additional crude , the more environmental impact there is .
What this does from a big perspective is illustrate the urgency of continuing to work to get solutions that are more in harmony with the earth ’s cycles and more controllable . ”
Warner is not the only former BP executive to have come to this conclusion .
For more than a decade , the company ’s award - winning “ Beyond Petroleum ” campaign , with that heartwarming sunburst logo , seemed to promise a future of planet - friendly energy .
Although alternative energy remained a very small part of BP ’s business , that campaign may have succeeded all too well in raising expectations inside the company — expectations that were frustrated as new CEO Tony Hayward backed away from the clean - energy positioning .
“ Former colleagues of mine are all over renewables , ” says Warner .
Among them : John Melo of Amyris , Janet Roemer of Verenium , Mark Niederschulte of Ineos Bio , Richard Wilson of Cobalt Technologies , Lee Edwards of Virent , and K’Lynne Johnson of Elevance Renewable Sciences .
“ They ’re the Beyond Petroleum generation , ” says Jim Lane , editor of Biofuels Digest , “ and Warner ’s at the forefront of it . ”
The move from Big Oil to Big Algae , says Stephen Mayfield — aka “ Dr. Pond Scum , ” a founder of Sapphire and director of the San Diego Center for Algae Biotechnology — “ might get CJ out of hell .
She worked for , what , more than 20 years at BP and Amoco ?
That ’s what I tell her : ‘ CJ , keep working at this and you might not go down . ’ “ Two weeks after the Deepwater Horizon catastrophe , with the oil still spilling into the Gulf , I meet Warner , 51 , over Diet Cokes in Sapphire ’s modest headquarters in an ocean - side biotech office park in La Jolla , California .
She is a rangy woman with a warm smile and a flat Midwestern accent who runs three miles every morning with her dog .
She dresses demurely in pastels and modest jewelry , like the wife of a Western politician .
A chemical engineering major at Vanderbilt , Warner has become known for a collaborative approach to leadership even as she has fought against attempts to limit her career because of her gender .
“ Velvet hammer ” is a phrase I hear more than once from her colleagues past and present .
advertisement
“ I was kind of at that front end of the women ’s - lib movement , where we started thinking everything is going to be equal , ” Warner says .
“ My graduating class at Vandy was 10 % women .
But many of them dropped out as I was going on in my career .
They were perfectly capable , but you just get tired of competing and having to prove yourself for the 15 - millionth time . ”
Warner , however , was dogged .
She set her sights on the oil industry , attracted by its technical challenges and by the teamwork required to get good results in such a complex business .
“ I wanted to know how to throw a wrench around a pipe and be able to crack a valve , ” she says .
“ I had a refinery manager tell me it was over his dead body that I ’d get out in operations .
It was n’t until he retired that I got out in the field . ”
She worked her way up slowly , at refining company UOP , Amoco , and then BP .
“ By the time I was running the whole refining system for BP , I pretty much knew almost every job . ”
One ladder she had to climb was a literal one .
Early in her career , she was put in charge of an oil platform full of roughnecks who spent their onshore time with the Hell ’s Angels .
They told her she had to check a meter on the tallest tower — 200 feet up , on a ladder that swayed in the wind .
“ Then when you ’re almost at the top , they radio you that there ’s an emergency , so you panic . ”
There were 300 men , one woman , and a single bathroom with no door .
“ You put the hard hat over your lap , ” she says with a grin .
She met her husband , Dave , a mechanical design engineer , surrounded by refinery equipment .
“ We met at work , under a cracker , showing that residual oil can be very romantic , ” she says .
He telecommuted to his job in Chicago from her various postings around the world , before retiring several years ago to design and build a sailboat and help raise their children , a boy and a girl .
By 2005 , Warner was vice president of international refining , stationed at BP ’s London HQ .
In March of that year , an accident at BP ’s Texas City refinery killed 15 people and resulted in the largest - ever fine from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration .
She was put in charge of a new health , safety , and security group in BP ’s refining sector , and assigned to work closely with the independent review panel headed by former Secretary of State James A. Baker and implement its findings across BP ’s refining system .
While some of the changes were technical and procedural , others were cultural , such as establishing that whenever a manager walked into a control room , he or she would always check the logbook to make sure shift changeovers were handled properly .
In 2006 , Warner was promoted to head of global refining .
Environmentalists say BP — which has paid $ 725 million in fines , settlements , and civil - suit judgments since 1999 — has n’t worked hard enough to prevent accidents like Texas City or Deepwater Horizon .
“ There ’s an established pattern of workplace rule violations , skimping on investments in its energy infrastructure assets , and now this latest tragedy in the Gulf , ” Tyson Slocum , director of consumer - advocacy group Public Citizen ’s Energy Program , tells Fast Company .
“ Had it been another company , you could say it ’s an isolated incident , but you ’ve got a clear pattern of negligence . ”
( Asked for comment , BP referred Fast Company to its annual safety report . )
Warner wo n’t comment on the causes of the Deepwater Horizon incident , but she attributes the accident at Texas City not to corporate negligence but to general human - cognitive errors .
“ It was the biggest accident that had occurred in its time frame , so BP is going to get that kind of reputation from someone who ’s not paying deep attention to the industry , ” she says .
“ But what the Baker panel found , and what I know is true , is that process - safety accidents ” — those involving hazardous materials that may affect the public as well as employees — “ are very high impact and low frequency .
Everybody gets all focused and concerned about it .
And then nothing bad happens for a really long time , and the excitement and concern goes away . ”
advertisement
But Warner had concerns about the oil industry that were n’t going away .
“ I had a slow but growing realization that the industry was maturing , the current fields were falling off in volume more quickly than anticipated , and the feats required to find new oil were becoming more and more heroic . ”
She was deeply affected by The Long Emergency , James Howard Kunstler ’s thundering 2005 screed about the end of the oil era .
Although Kunstler is witheringly dismissive of any technological fix , Warner took his post - peak - oil Stone Age scenario as a challenge .
“ He gets to the human psychology , which is that ‘ They , ’ with a capital T — and I ’m one of those They —
They are going to figure it out , ” she says , making finger quotes .
“ Well , I ’m proud to be one of They , but I ’m only one , and if They do n’t hurry up , it wo n’t be okay . ”
She had been involved in alternative - fuel experiments within BP as early as 2000 , but she was troubled that the projects were too small scale .
“ There were things I could do to move the ball forward within a large organization , but it simply was n’t fast enough , or radical enough , of a change . ”
Eventually , she says , “ I had an epiphany that if I was going to put so much personal energy into making something happen , it was a lot better to create the key to the future than to nurse along the dying past . ”
What motivated her above all was her two kids , a feeling she describes in a typically homey metaphor : “ What I want to do is leave a legacy for my kids where energy is secure .
I do n’t want them to have to go out and fight for it — I do n’t want to leave them a world where we ’re fighting for the last slice of the pie , but one where we ’re baking new pies . ”
The particular pie Warner wanted to bake was industrial - scale production of liquid hydrocarbons .
While solar , wind , and geothermal work for electricity , she argues , the transportation sector needs energy - dense , portable fuel .
Electric cars are still limited - range and expensive , and no one has yet debuted an electric jet .
“ Besides transportation , we use hydrocarbons for chemicals precursors and a lot of our building materials today .
We would denude the planet if we had to go back to just building with wood . ”
Some of her former colleagues had gone into biofuels , but she saw problems with the so - called first - generation biofuels brewed from corn , soy , sugarcane , or plant waste .
All compete with food crops for arable land and potable water .
“ Most of the alternative choices I could see were short - term fixes with a lot of resource trade - offs , ” she says .
Plus , she was convinced that it was essential to find a solution that could “ drop in ” to the existing energy infrastructure , from pipelines to refineries to tanker trucks , representing a sunk cost of trillions of dollars .
Alternatives like hydrogen , liquefied gas , and ethanol require new investment in processing , storage , and distribution .
“ Think of the savings to society and the environment of not utilizing all these new resources and tearing everything up .
It just makes so much more sense . ”
On a gray January day in London two years ago , Warner first met with emissaries from Sapphire over tea and biscuits in a wood - paneled conference room at BP ’s headquarters , a Georgian - style building in historic St. James ’s Square with a view of Buckingham Palace .
At one end of the table sat Sapphire CEO Jason Pyle .
A biotech PhD and entrepreneur with a boyish flop of hair , a wide smile , and a tendency to invoke management theory in conversation , he had raised more than $ 100 million in venture capital from the likes of Bill Gates and the Wellcome Trust .
Accompanied by Steve Goldby , one of Sapphire ’s VC investors , Pyle was looking for a board member from Big Oil who could envision the transformation of the energy industry .
advertisement
“ I was really planning to be just polite — here ’s another one of these interesting biofuel ideas , ” recalls Warner .
“ But the more I spoke to Jason , the more it was obvious that this would be potentially interesting . ”
The infant science was compelling .
“ When I heard about algae , ” she says , “ I had that state of readiness that enabled me to recognize that it was the solution .
It ’s not going to compromise food production , it ’s not going to compromise potable water , it does n’t require land that is in high demand for alternative uses , and it ’s very low carbon , so it ’s not creating a negative environmental footprint . ”
Second - and third - generation biofuels grown from algae and other single - celled organisms are “ absolutely hands - down the most exciting thing going on in bioenergy , ” says Lane of Biofuels Digest .
The single - celled photosynthesizer produces a little sack of fat so it can float on top of a body of water .
Its prehistoric ancestors were the world ’s original source of hydrocarbons , making it more similar to petroleum than corn or palm oil or jatropha .
The U.S. Department of Energy ’s Office of Fuels Development funded the obscure Aquatic Species program to develop fuels from algae from 1978 to 1996 , but the real action has come in the past few years , as scientists like Mayfield at UC San Diego have started to apply techniques from pharmaceuticals research to breed algae that grow faster , produce maximum amounts of oil , and are disease resistant and easier to harvest .
In Sapphire ’s lab , as many as 8,000 strains a day are created and tested .
The most promising move up from trays of 96 petri dishes as tiny as pillboxes to containers the size of milk bottles , all gently shaking to keep the algae dispersed and active ; to bladders that hang like IV drips ; to tanks several meters long that are mixed with a paddle wheel ; and finally outside to a greenhouse .
Sapphire produced what it says are the world ’s first drops of 91 octane gasoline made from a renewable resource in May 2008 .
Weeks later , Pyle was back in London .
He went straight from the airport to a steamy , un-air - conditioned conference room in a hotel , where he and Warner talked algae and strategy from 12:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m .
She was won over by Pyle as a person and by the position he was offering her — not to join the board , but to become president of the company .
His aim was not just to license technology but to build an energy company , a producer of green crude on a large scale .
In exchange for Warner ’s refining and distribution expertise and her credibility in the industry , he was willing to give up a chunk of his equity and to create a role for her that would be equal to his own as CEO .
Warner would be risking her career and her reputation on a pilot - phase technology , and moving her family from the U.K. , where her children had grown up , to California .
She would go from having 11,000 reports on five continents to sharing one assistant in a startup of 100 employees .
“ I have to say it did sort of destabilize me at first , ” she says .
“ You ’re thinking you have your whole life planned out .
But it became the bar against any other opportunity I could think of , and it was too compelling to say no . ”
She sought and received her family ’s support for the move , and resigned from BP at the end of 2008 .
“ Frankly , from a woman ’s perspective , if my career is taking this much time away from the family , it better be important and meaningful , ” she says .
“ Everything came together for me once I understood what the algae - technology potential was .
I realized I ca n’t afford to leave it to chance that someone —
They — will figure it out . ”
“ On CJ ’s first full day at work , ” Pyle says , “ she ’s staying in a hotel .
She ’s jet - lagged .
She gets up early and ca n’t go back to sleep , so she decides to go for a run on the mesa .
And what happens at 4 o’clock in the morning ?
She was bitten by a rattlesnake . ”
advertisement
“ He did n’t envenomate me , ” Warner interjects with a smile .
“ And she ’s promptly at work at 8 a .m. , ” Pyle continues .
“ And of course the joke around the company was that the snake bit her , and it died . ”
The three of us are having lunch at the Torrey Pines Golf Course on the day of the company ’s third anniversary party .
Pyle , 39 , is sporting an oversize , sapphire - colored belt buckle that Warner bought him so he could dress like the Big Oil executive he aspires to be .
Although they reminisce about Sapphire ’s early days , most milestones are still ahead of them .
In September of this year , the company is scheduled to break ground on a 300 - acre demonstration plant in New Mexico , funded by a competitive Recovery Act grant of up to $ 50 million from the Department of Energy and a $ 54.5 million loan guarantee from the Department of Agriculture .
By 2011 , the plant should be producing 100 barrels per day .
If all goes well , Sapphire will move on to a commercial plant that by 2018 should be producing 10,000 barrels per day — a single “ basket ” of fuel , the smallest amount a procurement manager of a refinery would consider purchasing .
“ The really big refineries will bring in 20 to 30 baskets of crude at any given time , ” Warner says .
“ An average refiner is n’t going to be interested in a smaller volume than that .
So that ’s what we ’ve targeted for ourselves . ”
Algae ’s time frame is long and the numbers are daunting .
Mark Bünger , a top biofuels analyst at Lux Research , says today ’s technology is still too pricey and delicate to scale .
“ Algae makes corn ethanol look like the most above - board business you ’ve ever seen . ”
He says Sapphire is particularly secretive about its research .
( Its headquarters has no sign , and I ’m greeted by a burly security guard before I ’ve even gotten out of my car . )
“ It causes a baseline assumption that this is n’t going to work , ” Bünger says , “ if that secrecy is n’t just a front for being in the same place everybody else is . ”
He adds , “ You might say , people like CJ are n’t going to bet their careers on something that ’s not going to work .
But smart people can make mistakes .
It ’s not necessarily insurance that there ’s a there there . ”
Byron Washom , an alternative - energy consultant for two decades and now the director of strategic energy initiatives at UC San Diego , is more optimistic .
“ From my due diligence days , I used to have a saying to clients , ” he says .
“ When you go to the horse races , do you bet on the horse or the jockey ?
I always bet on the jockey , because the jockey knows how to pick the mount and the jockey knows how to win the race .
I would say a company like Sapphire has the silks . ”
advertisement
But even algae boosters agree that basic questions remain .
The race to create better strains by manipulating genes is ongoing .
“ We ’re trying to do in 10 years what agriculture has accomplished in 100 , ” says Mayfield .
“ But we have two enormous advantages .
One is that we ’re in the molecular era , so we can take things down to a single gene .
Two is that we ’re dealing with single cells , so we can grow 25 generations of crops in a year . ”
Then there ’s the issue of how to grow millions of acres of the stuff — a prospect that concerns people uncomfortable with genetically modified crops .
The top companies have very different approaches , which suggests that there is not yet a clear winner .
( See “ Algae Fuel ’s Pioneers “ . )
And the true challenge is not only to figure out how to breed the best pond scum , grow it as easily as rice , and bring it to market , but to do it all at a cost approaching that of conventional gasoline .
The really inconvenient truth is that no one in the biofuels world anticipates that green crude will earn any real premium from consumers over the Deepwater Horizon brew .
The challenge excites the competitive spirit that Warner has nurtured since she joined a swim team at 5 years old .
She ’s made her decision :
She ’ll dedicate 100 % of her energy to advancing a radical energy solution that has at least the potential to scale .
“ It ’s a long - term undertaking , not just for me , but for the world , ” she says .
The alternative ?
To sit back and hope that They come up with a better answer .
Meanwhile , one month after the accident , thousands of barrels of crude are continuing to pour into the Gulf .
Officials today have admitted that Gen. David Petraeus signed a secret order months ago to dramatically escalate the number of covert military operations taking place in the Middle East .
Special focus was said to have been given to Somalia , Iran , and Saudi Arabia .
Gen. Petraeus
Though officials spun the operation as aimed primarily at al - Qaeda , some sources have conceded that the Iran operations were aimed at “ paving the way ” for an eventual US invasion of Iran , should President Obama order one in the near future .
The US has been openly funding opposition figures in Iran in an attempt at forcing “ regime change , ” and in the past it has also funded terrorist outfit Jundallah , but little is known about its direct on - the - ground operations in the region , except that they are growing at a serious clip .
The overall results of the US escalation have yet to be seen , but the numerous attacks against targets in Yemen in December , including the failed Christmas Eve assassination of US citizen Anwar al - Awlaki , appear to have been at least partially related to the Petraeus order .
But while the attacks are the most visible result of the order , officials report it primarily focuses on spying across the region .
Some analysts are expressing concerns that the military ’s spying , particularly in allied nations , could do serious harm to US diplomatic goals in the region .
A lot of iPhone 3G owners — myself included — have discovered that upgrading to iOS 4 has slowed their devices to a crawl .
If you decide the new features and shortcuts just are n't worth the glacial performance , here 's how to downgrade your iDevice .
Advertisement
Note :
The process should work nearly the same on Windows and OS X , so unless we say otherwise , you can follow the same steps on each .
The main difference between Windows and OS X is RecBoot , so Windows users , make sure you pay close attention to the RecBoot process before diving in .
The same basic steps should likely work for iPhone 3GS , according to our 3GS - toting intern Adam Dachis , who 's used a similar method in the past .
( Still , I have n't been able to verify , so proceed at your own risk , and if you do , let us know how it worked in the comments . )
Lastly , you should read through the entire guide before you dive in , just so you know what you 're getting into .
Image remixed from drewm .
Advertisement
Update :
If you 're on 3GS and having trouble with this method , reader Richard notes that for 3GS users : " Apple started signing their restore files requiring iTunes to " Phone home " and get permission to restore .
Usually within 24 hours of a new firmware release , Apple stops signing the old versions preventing you from restoring back to an older version .
The advice in your article about how to downgrade to 3.1.3 no longer works [ for 3GS ] because a few days ago Apple stopped signing that firmware . "
If you 're a 3GS user experiencing this problem , check out this forum dedicated to 3GS downgrading .
Step 1 : Find or Download iOS 3.1.3 and RecBoot
The first thing you need to do is get a copy of the iPhone OS 3.1.3 image .
There 's a good chance you 've already got a backed up copy of the 3.1.3 release on your system , so let 's check there first .
On OS X , check in ~/ Library / iTunes / iPhone Software Updates .
On Windows , your iPhone OS updates should be stored in C : \Documents and Settings \[ username ] \Application Data \Apple Computer\iTunes\iPhone Software Updates ( or to get there more quickly , type Win+R and paste % appdata % \Apple Computer\iTunes\iPhone Software Updates ) .
If you see a file inside this folder corresponding to iPhone1,1_3.1.3_7E18_Restore.ipsw or iPhone1,2_3.1.3_7E18_Restore.ipsw , those are likely the restore images you need .
If you do n't see anything that resembles the 3.1.3 OS or you just want to download a fresh version for good measure , web site iClarified has maintained a list of iPhone firmware files .
Just find 3.1.3 for your phone ( the 3G version points here and it's what I used successfully ) and download the 228 MB file .
Advertisement
Next , download RecBoot from here ( available for Windows and Mac ) .
This handy little utility plays an important role in finishing off the downgrade .
Step 2 : Put Your Phone Into DFU Mode
You need to put your iPhone into Device Firmware Update ( or DFU ) mode in order to downgrade to 3.1.3 .
The video above demonstrates the process , but in case you prefer a little text :
Plug in your iPhone .
Power it down by holding the sleep / lock button and sliding to power off .
Once it 's powered down , press and hold both the sleep / lock button and the home button for ten seconds .
After ten seconds , release the power button but continue holding down the home button .
If you did it right , iTunes will pop up a window ( like the one below ) telling you that it 's detected an iPhone in recovery mode and your iPhone 's screen will be black .
If it did n't work , start from the beginning and try again .
Advertisement
Step 3 : Restore iOS 3.1.3
Now that you 've done all the legwork , it 's downgrading time .
You can either follow the video above or follow along with the instructions below .
Advertisement
Dismiss the iTunes alert that told you you 're in recovery mode , make sure you 've clicked the iPhone under the Devices sidebar in iTunes , then hold Shift and click the Restore button ( if you 're on OS X , Alt / Opt + Click ) .
iTunes will pop up a window prompting you to choose a file .
You want to navigate to the 3.1.3 OS you located or downloaded above .
Select that file , and iTunes will start the OS restore process .
Expect this to take around 10 minutes or so .
Advertisement
When it 's finished , you 'll likely receive an error message like the one above ( error 1015 ) and your iPhone will boot up with a " Connect to iTunes " screen .
This is where the utility you downloaded above , RecBoot , comes in handy .
Open RecBoot , and click Exit Recovery Mode .
In a few seconds , RecBoot should kick you out of plug - me - into - iTunes recovery mode and you 'll boot right into your freshly downgraded 3.1.3 .
Note : I used RecBoot in OS X , and from what I 've read , the Windows version may have some peculiarities .
First , you 'll need .
NET 4.0 .
Second , you may need to run the application in Compatibility mode if you 're not running Windows XP ( Right - click the EXE -> Properties -> Compatibility ->
Run this program in compatibility mode for Windows XP ) .
You 'll also need to download libusb , which may also be peculiar on 64 - bit systems .
Read up on using RecBoot on Windows here .
Advertisement
Step 4 : Restore Your Backup
Advertisement
At this point , you 've got a fresh 3.1.3 installation , but you probably want to sync your apps and data back to your phone as they were before you downgraded .
If you 're lucky , you 've got a backup saved from before you upgraded to 4.0 ( you can select different backups from the drop - down menu ) .
If you do n't have a pre-4.0 backup , you 're unfortunately out of luck — iTunes wo n't let you restore data from a 4.0 backup to your downgraded 3.1.3 .
This method worked like a charm for us , but your mileage may vary .
If you had a different experience , can offer more insight to the Windows downgrade process ( particularly with RecBoot ) , or know of a better downgrade method , let 's hear about it in the comments .
Gregor Gaida is a unique Polish artist that lives and works in Bremen , Germany and admits to be crazy about the smell of the wood !
It comes of no surprise that he uses wood ( often combined with aluminium , polyester and acrylic resin ) in a very personal way , converting it to a strong narrative element that leaves the spectator open mouthed .
Sculptures by Gregor Gaida have something almost unreal ; in the first place you get pleasantly stunned , by taking a closer look you find an almost familiar value to the poses of his subjects and in the end you get the impression that something really goes wrong with them .
What exactly ?
Gaida ’s creations raise more questions than they answer and this is the deeper value that they possess .
And as if that were not enough , the whole feeling is further intensified by the strong symbols , like the flag or the child , that are omnipresent in his work .
Let ’s take a closer look .
souce : Gregor Gaida Tweet
It appears the Phoenix Coyotes will get at least one more season to remain in the city of Glendale , Ariz . , and figure out its ownership problems .
The Glendale City Council voted late Tuesday night to give approval to its city manager the means to guarantee any operating losses should the NHL continue to own the team , as it has for the past year , while it continues the search for a new owner .
If the Coyotes were to move out of the NHL ’s Pacific Division this year , however , the Avalanche would take their place and move out of the Northwest Division .
That is according to an NHL “ contingency ” schedule in place should the Coyotes move .
The Canadian Broadcasting Company network reported Tuesday the NHL ’s contingency schedule has a team from Winnipeg , Manitoba , that would play in the Northwest Division , and Colorado would move to the Pacific .
The Avs played in the Pacific Division from 1995 - 98 , winning three consecutive division titles , before moving to the Northwest for the 1998 - 99 season .
“ It ’s too early to speculate on this , ” Avalanche vice president Jean Martineau said .
“ We have not been informed of anything official in this regard . ”
NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly declined comment on the matter , but told the Glendale City Council on Tuesday night that the league was confident it would have a new owner in place by the end of the summer and , therefore , not need any financial guarantees from the city once that happens .
The Winnipeg Jets moved to Phoenix after the 1995 - 96 season , but the city has clamored for a new team since building a new arena , the MTS Centre , in 2004 .
Despite being a playoff team this season , the Coyotes have lost tens of millions of dollars in recent years and finished last in NHL attendance again this season .
The NHL was forced to take control of the team last year and has been looking for a buyer to keep the team in Glendale , but talks with several suitors have fallen through .
Adrian Dater : 303-954-1360 or adater@denverpost.com
The mountain laboured for a year and a half , and finally gave birth to a mouse .
On June 9 , the United Nations Security Council agreed on a fourth round of sanctions against Iran for its alleged attempt to build nuclear weapons .
This will cause Iran no grave inconvenience .
But that ’s only fair , since the crime of which Iran is accused has not been proven either .
In November 2007 , all 16 U.S. intelligence agencies contributed to a National Intelligence Estimate saying that Iran had stopped work on nuclear weapons in 2003 .
It was a bureaucratic pre-emptive strike , intended to head off real air strikes against Iran by the Bush administration .
And even now , the U.S. intelligence agencies have n’t changed their view .
In March 2009 , the director of national intelligence , Dennis Blair , and the Defense Intelligence Agency ’s head , Lt. - Gen. Michael Maples , told Congress that Iran did not have highly enriched uranium for bomb - making and had not made the decision to produce any .
They also testified that Iran 's missile program was not related to its nuclear program .
True , two senior U.S. military officers testified to Congress this April that Iran could produce enough highly enriched uranium for one bomb in a year , if it wanted to .
They added that it would take Iran another three to five years to produce a " deliverable weapon that is usable " , if that were its intention .
But they did not say that Iran was actually doing those things , just that it could .
They also did not mention that you can say exactly the same things about Germany , Japan , Argentina , Brazil , and the Netherlands .
Each could produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb in a year , but that it would take them three to five years to produce an actual weapon .
Belgium , Italy , Spain , and Australia would take a little longer .
So why has n’t the UN Security Council brought sanctions against them , too ?
Because their enrichment facilities are perfectly legal under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) which they have all signed–and because the United States trusts them .
Iran ’s enrichment facilities are equally legal , and it has also signed the NPT .
However , the United States government does not trust the Iranians .
Even more to the point , Israel does not trust them , and Israel can cause much trouble for Obama ’s administration both in Congress and abroad if he does not act against Iran .
So the United States demands that Iran stop enriching uranium even to the level ( 2.5 percent pure ) that is needed for nuclear power reactors .
If Iran can do even a little bit of enrichment , Washington argues , that gives it the capacity to enrich uranium all the way up to weapons grade ( 90 percent pure ) and make nuclear weapons some time in the future .
That is technically true–not just for Iran , but for every country that enriches uranium .
However , it is also legal under the NPT .
Countries that exercise their right to enrich uranium just have to allow inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) to ensure that they are not enriching it to weapons grade .
Iran has abided by the letter of those rules , although it has often been slow to report its actions .
It explains its reluctance to disclose more than the legally required minimum about its nuclear work on the grounds that it has faced U.S. trade embargoes and attempts at sabotage ever since America ’s man in Tehran , Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , was overthrown in 1979 .
That is why the United States moved its campaign to isolate and punish Iran for its alleged nuclear weapons ambitions from the IAEA , which will not convict on mere suspicion , to the UN Security Council , a more overtly political body .
For the fourth time , the Security Council has bowed to Washington ’s demands and imposed more sanctions on Iran–but they certainly will not bring Iran to its knees .
In practice , the new UN sanctions just increase the severity of the existing ones by five or 10 percent .
They tighten the scrutiny of financial transactions made through Iranian banks .
They also impose more asset freezes on Iranian companies working in the nuclear sector and slap more travel bans on their employees .
And they forbid the sale of helicopter gunships and offensive missiles to the country .
Big deal .
Companies and people in Iran ’s nuclear industry got used to this kind of harassment long ago , as did Iranian banks .
Iran makes its own missiles , for the most part .
The reason that the sanctions are so modest is not only ( as the U.S. government and media insist ) that other countries are reluctant to damage their lucrative trade with Iran .
They also just do n’t believe that the United States has made its case against Iran .
Other countries go along with some sanctions against Iran because they do not want to damage their relations with the United States , which matter far more than their relations with Iran , but they balk at truly punitive measures .
And last week , for the first time , two of the 15 Security Council members , Brazil and Turkey , voted against the sanctions .
( A third , Lebanon , abstained . )
The U.S. - Israeli obsession with Iran ’s alleged nuclear weapons will probably drag on for years , but it is ultimately just a distraction from more serious matters .
The weapons are n’t real , and neither are the sanctions .
A new Super Mario Galaxy 2 trailer shows the portly plumber donning a cloud suit to spread soft , fluffy sky kittens that 'll also help him through the platforming sequel .
Super Mario Galaxy is headed exclusively to Wii on May 23 .
Pre-ordering fro
Section through the BOP , showing the anticipated mud flow path ( initially from BP )
The leakage rate is significant ( I calculated earlier that it was around 17,000 bd , which lies within the newly reported range of 12,000 to 19,000 bd , and may have been higher than BP were actually anticipating .
( Though the leak may also have increased a little as the mud was injected at higher pressures ) .
The operation has already used all the mud on one of the supply boats , and has moved to the second ( there is a third standing by so they wo n't run out ) .
The concern , however is now with the volume of cement that will be required for the seal .
The high volume that is leaking would require that additional amount to the volume needed for the seal itself , and that may be closer to the available capacity of the system that they have in place , or the supplies that they have on site to achieve the seal .
If that is the case , one can understand the desire to at least partially plug the leaks in the BOP , and to wait until the mud column fully balances the pressure in the oil reservoir before starting this phase of the operation .
Until this point in the operation the volume of cement required to create an effective plug has not been seen as an issue .
Unfortunately as I write the feed from the leak has moved to look at other things , but the last glance I had seemed to suggest that they have been able to reduce the flow somewhat , though I guess not enough .
Just to remind you of the problem , this is what the internal flow path through the BOP looks like :
Now they have to get relatively large particles ( larger than the smallest diameter of the flow path ) through the feed lines , which have a size of 3 - inches , and those of us who pump particles in fluids much prefer that the particle diameter be no more than 30 % of the pipe diameter - which is to say in this case an inch .
And so if the orifice in the BOP is larger than that , then there is a problem in working out how to get something in there that will be effective , remembering that it has to work through all the flow convolutions of the supply line that has just been installed for the mud .
Enlarge Mahaffey family photo William Dylen Mahaffey , age 4 , died of hyperthermia June 13 , 2010 inside his family 's parked car , Frankin County , Alabama , authorities say .
HEALTH REPORTER TWEETS HEALTH REPORTER TWEETS
Nineteen children this year have died after overheating in hot cars , the most deaths in the first half of a year since researchers began tracking such deaths in 1998 .
Seven children died during the week of June 13 , says Jan Null , an adjunct professor at San Francisco State University , who has recorded 464 heat - related deaths in children in the past 12 years .
Thirty to 40 children die in hot cars every year , he says , and all of the deaths were preventable .
TRAPPED : More kids dying in sweltering cars Eighteen percent of the children died after parents intentionally left them in a car , and 30 % died after climbing into cars to play , says Null , who based his findings on news media reports .
In the most recent case , a 2 - year - old Phoenix child died Sunday after being left in a car for two hours .
The temperature reached 108 degrees outside .
The child 's father found the girl after returning from running errands , The Arizona Republic reported .
Null says parents should never leave children unattended in a car , because temperatures inside can rise quickly .
Opening windows has almost no effect , because much of the heat radiates off seats and dashboards .
Although rear - facing car seats have saved countless lives , their hoods can also cover babies completely , making them less visible to drivers .
Slightly more than half of deaths occurred because parents forgot that children — many of them less than 1 year old — were asleep in the back , Null says .
About half of those deaths occur when babies are with parents who do n't usually drive them .
Those parents appear to slip back into their usual routine , as if on " autopilot , " says Lorrie Walker of Safe Kids USA , an advocacy group .
" It 's hard to imagine that you could lose track of a toddler , " Walker says .
" But apparently these people got in the car , drove to where they were going and forgot that they were supposed to stop at day care . "
Null says people can reduce the risks of these rare but catastrophic mistakes .
All drivers should lock their cars to prevent kids from climbing inside and teach kids not to play in cars , he says .
If you see a child alone in a hot car , call 911 .
Walker also suggests people place their purses or briefcases in the back seat , next to the car seat , to make sure they do n't forget a sleeping child .
Parents can call day care centers to make sure that their children arrive on time , or ask the center to call them if a child is more than a few minutes late , Null says .
Also , carmakers could develop alarms that would sound if people fail to unbuckle a car seat harness after taking their keys out of the ignition , says Peter Pronovost , a leading safety researcher at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
Children are safest , he says , when people develop routines that make it difficult to put them in danger .
" We should not focus on punishing the moms or saying ' Try harder , ' " Pronovost says .
" We need a system solution .
Moms and dads will always be sleep - deprived and forgetful . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc ’s talks to buy ITA Software , an airline IT and services provider , has travel executives worried that the search engine giant could wield too much power in their industry .
Cambridge , Massachusetts - based ITA is a major source of information about airfares to the industry , used by a slew of airlines , travel agents and other sites , including AMR Corp ’s American Airlines , Continental Airlines , Hotwire , Kayak , Orbitz and Microsoft Corp ’s Bing .
The concerns are so real that Kayak offered to buy ITA to keep the company out of Google ’s hands , a travel industry source close to the situation said .
Kayak was being backed by Expedia Inc , which would have injected under $ 200 million into Kayak to make a deal happen , the source said .
But the talks went nowhere as Google was in exclusive talks with ITA , the source said , requesting anonymity because the person did not want to be named talking publicly about the search giant .
“ We are going to watch the potential to abuse dominance , ” said Robert Birge , Kayak ’s chief marketing officer , declining to confirm or comment on his company ’s bid for ITA .
“ They have dominance on the general search side .
When you couple that with ITA ’s airline relationships there is reason to be concerned . ”
“ We have definitely heard from other folks , including on the agency side and on the supplier side .
They are concerned , ” Birge said .
Google declined to comment .
ITA was not immediately available for comment .
DOMINANCE QUESTIONED
The concerns center around how Google might combine its dominance in the general search business with ITA ’s strengths in the travel sector .
ITA , for instance , provides data from its airline searches to others , including Kayak , Birge said .
“ What if they decided to stop providing that data ?
What if they only provided that data to the parent company ?
What if they provided better data for those airlines to their parent company ? ” .
Some industry executives would like to see Google give assurances that it would not link using ITA to its general search results , the industry source said .
“ They would have to commit that the two sides of the business do n’t talk to each other essentially , ” the source said .
They would also like Google to commit to not “ dumping ” the services of ITA at lower prices than others could afford , the source said .
Industry executives are expected to voice their concerns if a deal is announced and the Federal Trade Commission reaches out to them for comments , the source said .
Not everyone in the industry is worried , though .
Last month Priceline Chief Executive Jeffrey Boyd was cited by Tnooz , a travel industry - focused publication , as saying an acquisition by Google would help if it resulted in their getting better leads to customers .
Indeed , the travel industry source said Google had been careful about antitrust concerns and if they “ keep behaving the way they behave today , I do n’t think it will be a big issue . ”
But the potential for abuse remains a concern .
“ It is in a position , because of its search dominance , to control all of these travel sites that have been using ITA , ” said Gary Reback , a lawyer at Carr & Ferrell , referring to Google .
“ It can boost its own travel over anybody else , by using the power of its now vertically - integrated search engine and on top of that gets access to data it did n’t have before . ”
Bork made this case in The New Republic as the Civil Rights Act was being debated .
It 's a principled argument , and should be treated that way , without the usual stigmatization .
There was a very solid constitutional case against the 1964 Civil Rights Act , which was why Goldwater opposed it .
But as an empirical matter , I think the history of race in America proves the inadequacy of pure freedom to redress the darkest of human impulses - to own , torture and terrorize an entire race .
Bruce Bartlett explains why :
As we know from history , the free market did not lead to a breakdown of segregation .
Indeed , it got much worse , not just because it was enforced by law but because it was mandated by self - reinforcing societal pressure .
Any store owner in the South who chose to serve blacks would certainly have lost far more business among whites than he gained .
There is no reason to believe that this system would n't have perpetuated itself absent outside pressure for change .
In short , the libertarian philosophy of Rand Paul and the Supreme Court of the 1880s and 1890s gave us almost 100 years of segregation , white supremacy , lynchings , chain gangs , the KKK , and discrimination of African Americans for no other reason except their skin color .
The gains made by the former slaves in the years after the Civil War were completely reversed once the Supreme Court effectively prevented the federal government from protecting them .
Thus we have a perfect test of the libertarian philosophy and an indisputable conclusion : it did n't work .
Freedom did not lead to a decline in racism ; it only got worse .
Worse , Paul 's entirely abstract intellectual argument wrests pure principles out of an actual society , with actual historical atrocities , violence , oppression and contempt .
That 's why I cannot be a libertarian the way some others like Paul are .
I do not believe you can reify an abstraction like liberty and separate it from the context - historical , cultural , moral - in which it lives and breathes and from which it emerged .
I can believe in freedom and believe in equality of opportunity but I should be mature enough to see when there has to be a compromise between the two - and decide .
On the issue of race in America , the libertarian right was proven wrong - morally , empirically wrong .
Giving up the ancient and real freedom to discriminate was worth it - indeed morally and politically necessary for America to regain its soul .
This is what makes the tea-party movement un-conservative .
It is dealing with the world as it would like it to be , not as it is .
It has an almost adolescent ideal it cannot compromise .
I think that makes the movement , in its more serious incarnation ( like Paul ) , a useful addition to the public debate , especially in reminding the GOP of some core principles it threw away under Bush and Cheney .
I 'm with Conor on this .
Its bright , fixed glare also helps us illuminate what we believe in - merely by revealing what we no longer believe in .
But all this makes the movement simultaneously unready and unworthy for government .
And , in its tinges of racial and cultural panic , will further marginalize the GOP in its fast faltering attempt to win over the next generation , especially among minorities .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Announcing the Capcom Store ’s first - ever Spring Blowout Sale !
I ’ve reduced nearly everything 20 % to 50 % !
Not only will you find deep discounts throughout the Capcom Store , we ’ll also send you a free gift with your purchase of items included in the sale .
There ’s something for everyone from Capcom ’s award - winning games to licensed goodies like t- shirts and controllers to in - house items like our popular press kits .
Many items are extremely limited in quantity so if you have your eye on something , do n’t wait !
The Spring Blowout Sale runs through Sunday June 6th but if you want the best stuff act now !
Please excuse the French for believing they lived in a free country and not some Russian gulag — obviously , they were mistaken .
For the first time since France became civilized , its workers are expected to work until age 62 .
Fun fact : since 1983 , Frenchies have been able to retire at the youthful age of 60 !
( They also work 35 hours per week ) .
This is due to the French economy 's need for large numbers of pensioners to have time to write existentialist , world - weary memoirs .
Yes , there 's a " $ 40 billion in the pension program alone this year . "
But , counterpoint : French people do n't want to work more .
" Today is a day of sadness and anger , " agreed Jean - Luc Melanchon , who heads the Left Party .
" The end of retirement at 60 is the end of a world . "
The world of laziness .
[ WP . Pic of French stereotype via ]
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below )
Shortly after 2:15 p.m. Eastern time on Thursday , hedge fund Universa Investments LP placed a big bet in the Chicago options trading pits that stocks would continue their sharp declines .
On any other day , this $ 7.5 million trade for 50,000 options contracts might have briefly hurt stock prices , though not caused much of a ripple .
But coming on a day when all varieties of financial markets were deeply unsettled , the trade may have played a key role in the stock - market collapse just 20 minutes later .
The trade by Universa , a hedge fund advised by Nassim Taleb , author of " Black Swan : The Impact of the Highly Improbable , " led traders on the other side of the transaction — including Barclays Capital , the brokerage arm of British bank Barclays PLC — to do their own selling to offset some of the risk , according to traders in Chicago .
The Jerusalem Post
RELATED :
The Rachel Corrie
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Israel will use more aggressive force in the future to prevent ships from breaking the sea blockade on the Gaza Strip , a top Navy commander toldon Tuesday .
"
We boarded the ship and were attacked as if it was a war , " the officer said .
" That will mean that we will have to come prepared in the future as if it was a war .
"
The anonymous comment came the day after the Israeli Navy raided a flotilla of international aid ships headed to the Strip .
Nine activists were killed in the raid , and dozens were injured .
The flotilla which arrived late Sunday night was comprised of six ships , and another two ships , including , were expected to attempt to enter Israeli waters in the coming days .
Greta Berlin of the Free Gaza Movement said earlier Tuesday that a cargo boat was already on the way to challenge Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip .
A second boat carrying about three dozen passengers was expected to join the first , she added .
To many of us , custom button remapping in video games is a luxury , but for quadriplegic gamer Chuck Bittner , forced to control games with his mouth , it 's a necessity .
Bittner , seen here hating on the Rust map in Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , broke his neck in a car accident , resulting in total paralysis of his legs and partial paralysis of both arms .
This makes performing normal actions , like playing video games , for instance , much more difficult than they normally are .
Advertisement
While Bittner 's comedy act may have benefitted from the accident , his game playing has not , and while he does the best he can with what he has , he and many other handicapped could really use some custom button remapping right about now .
To that end , Bittner 's started a petition online , calling for either game developers to spend the time to build remapping into their games , or for the console manufacturers to build the functionality into their hardware .
Advertisement
It seems like a valid request to me .
This functionality is already enjoyed by PC gamers around the world , so why should n't consoles have that same functionality ?
After all , we do n't all have the resources to design our own custom controllers .
Handicapped PS3 Owner Builds Frankenstein's Controller
What would it take to stop you from gaming ?
If you said being bedridden , hooked up to various …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 'm not a big fan of online petitions as a way to get goals accomplished , but they 're an excellent way to get word out .
Consider the word outted .
Video Game Custom Button Remapping [ Petition Online ]
This is the third in a series of articles sharing insights of some spiritual thinkers on the First Noble Truth , the truth of suffering .
The first article shared insights from Ken Wilber and can be read here :
The second shared insights from Daniel Ingram and can be read here :
This third article is by Thanissaro Bhikkhu .
The essay shares practical , skillful means we can immediately put to use to begin to bring suffering to an end .
May this , and these other articles , be an inspiration to look into this deep and subtle teaching of the Buddha ’s First Noble Truth in order to gain more and more freedom from suffering !
The Bright Tunnel
Thanissaro Bhikkhu
“ Those who do n’t discern suffering . ”
It sounds strange .
We all know that there ’s suffering in life .
The problem is that we do n’t really look at it .
We try to run away , we try to cover it up — anything not to have to deal with it .
As a result , it keeps hounding us .
No matter where we go , there it is , right at our heels .
There comes a point where you have to turn around and face it :
This is suffering , right here , right now .
But if you try to look at it without any tools , without any skills , though , it can seem overwhelming .
This is why we have the path of practice .
You work on the precepts so that when you come to the issue of suffering , you do n’t carry around a lot of guilt , a lot of denial .
These two things really get in the way .
If there ’s guilt there may be a feeling that , “ Maybe I deserve to suffer . ”
If there ’s denial , then there ’s the feeling , “ This suffering is unjust , it should n’t be happening . ”
Or you just cover it up , pretending that it is n’t happening .
Either way you do n’t really get to the root of the problem .
You do n’t understand it .
How Concentration Helps Us Deal with the Roots of Suffering
If you try to understand it without any concentration , it ’s hard to maintain your focus .
At the same time , it ’s hard to maintain a sense of not being threatened by the suffering .
This is why we work at developing our concentration , because concentration involves not only a focus but also a sense of wellbeing with your focus .
You stay with the breath , get to know the breath , be friends with the breath .
This is important .
Many times , when we ’re working with a meditation object and things do n’t seem to be going well , the meditation object seems to become our enemy .
If that ’s your attitude , you ’ll never be able to settle down with it .
Realize that the breath is your friend .
It ’s what ’s keeping you alive .
If you get to know it , you find it has all sorts of other good qualities , other than maintaining mere survival .
It can create a sense of ease , a sense of wellbeing , here in the present moment .
You breathe in and feel full throughout the body ; you breathe out and feel relaxed throughout the whole body .
There ’s a sense of energy and wellbeing that comes when you get to know the breath and learn to deal with it properly .
When the sense of ease , energy , and wellbeing is solid , you can turn your attention to the issue of suffering .
Learn How to Discern the Causes of Suffering
Learn how to discern suffering .
Where is it ?
How is it happening ?
The Buddha says , basically , that it comes down to what he calls the five clinging aggregates .
There ’s form affected by clinging , feeling affected by clinging , perceptions , thought fabrications , consciousness , all of which are affected by clinging .
The clinging is what turns them into suffering .
The clinging is what tries to wring a happiness out of them that they simply do n’t have to offer .
Having to run around clinging to things all the time puts the mind in a miserable position .
The other word for clinging is the act of taking sustenance : you ’re feeding on these things .
The mind that has to feed here , feed there — it ’s a hungry mind .
It ’s a mind whose food source always has to be protected .
It ca n’t go anywhere without that food source .
So it ’s limited , limited by its own need to cling .
So you develop strength in the mind to bring it to the point where it does n’t have to feed , does n’t have to hold onto things .
There are the five strengths : the strength of conviction in your own ability to do the practice , conviction in the powers of your own actions .
The strengths of persistence , mindfulness , concentration , and discernment .
Discernment is the one that keeps all the strengths strong , as you begin to take apart exactly where the clinging is , why it is .
Suffering and Four Kinds of Clinging
There are four kinds of clinging .
You cling to sensual passion , you cling to views , you cling to set ways of doing things , and you cling , ultimately , to your sense of what you are , your sense of identification , saying , “ This is me , this is mine . ”
The reason we cling is because we lack strength .
So we develop these strengths of mind in order to see through the fact that , once the mind understands itself , understands its own situation , it does n’t have to hold on anymore .
Once its powers of concentration are strong enough , once its discernment matures — seeing exactly how clinging happens and how it can be taken apart — there ’s no more need to cling .
Then you can let go .
You ’ve fed the mind to the point where it does n’t need to feed anymore .
When the Buddha talks about the four Noble Truths , he says our duty with regard to suffering is to comprehend it .
Comprehending means understanding to the point where you can let go .
When you see that the suffering is n’t necessary , that the mind itself is what ’s creating the causes , then you stop naturally .
As Long as You Cling , You Suffer As Long as You Cling , You Suffer
As long as you feel that you ’ve got to hold onto things , to do this or that , to think this or that way — as long as the mind is constricted like this , it ’s not going to let go .
No matter how much you tell it , no matter how much you explain , no matter how many Dharma books you read or Dharma talks you listen to , it ’s still going to hold on because it feels someplace deep down that it has to .
It ’s afraid to let go .
But when you finally train the mind to develop discernment and see through the situation , when you realize that the clinging is n’t necessary and it ’s suffering , then why do it ?
That ’s when you can let go — you do n’t have to tell the mind to let go .
It automatically stops .
So , we ’re working on the path to the end of suffering .
People sometimes complain that the Buddha focuses an awful lot on suffering .
That ’s because he has a cure .
If you had a cure for suffering , would n’t you want to talk about it too ?
The people who are afraid to talk about suffering : they ’re the ones who do n’t have a cure .
They always try to cover things up , pretend it ’s not really that bad a situation : “ This is the ordinary life that everybody lives , this is as good as it gets - so you might as well enjoy it , make the best of it . ”
That ’s desperation .
The Buddha ’s Happy Realism about Suffering The Buddha ’s Happy Realism about Suffering
The Buddha was n’t desperate .
He was coming from a position of total freedom .
He said “ Look , if you really sit down and with the proper tools and the proper approach try to discern suffering , get to the point where you really comprehend it , and let go , you ’ve solved all your problems in life . ”
So , who ’s pessimistic and who ’s optimistic ?
We might say that the Buddha ’s realistic , but realistic in a way that sees through all the problems the mind creates for itself .
Once the mind is n’t creating anymore problems for itself , you ’re free to go wherever you like .
At that point , the Buddha said , he had nothing more to teach .
This is the basic issue : suffering and the end of suffering .
Once you comprehend both sides of the Buddha ’s teachings , what suffering is and how it can be brought to an end , and you directly experience the end of suffering , you ’ve finished the Buddha ’s teachings .
As they say : “ The Holy Life is completed .
The task is done . ”
There ’s nothing left for you to do .
At that point you can live out the rest of your life in total freedom .
The Bright Light at the End of the Tunnel
So , even when the training seems onerous , when it seems long , still there ’s light at the end of the tunnel .
Actually , it ’s not a dark tunnel , it ’s a bright tunnel .
The Buddha never asked you to do anything dishonest , anything you ’d be ashamed to do — unlike the world outside .
He offers you a skill .
The Buddha never throws you in with the tigers without your magic bullet .
When the Buddha tells you about the tasks with regard to the Noble Truths , that ’s something you have to keep reminding yourself of over and over .
Suffering is to be comprehended .
Craving is to be abandoned .
All too often we see our cravings as our friends .
We work with them , try to bring them to completion .
They never reach completion .
There ’s always one more , one more .
When you realize that your “ friends ” are just causing you unnecessary suffering , you learn how to drop them .
The world does n’t have anything worth craving .
When you see that , then whatever time you have left … .
You do n’t know how much you have , but whatever you do have — then as long as you ’re following the Buddha ’s path you ’re making the best use of whatever time you ’ve got . ”
Thanisarro Bhikkhu
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
Cheers
A new , longer - lasting emergency contraceptive pill to prevent unwanted pregnancy moved closer to the U.S. market on June 17 after a Food and Drug Administration advisory panel unanimously backed it , Reuters reported .
The one - pill treatment was deemed as safe and effective .
The pill is made by the French drug maker HRA Pharma , but is to be sold by Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc in the United States .
It has already been approved for use in Europe under the name ellaOne .
The current emergency contraceptive option in the United States , Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd’s Plan B , is approved for use up to three days after intercourse .
Ella aims to prevent pregnancy for as long as five days after unprotected sex .
Unlike Plan B , which is available for women aged 17 and older without a prescription , ella would require a doctor ’s note if cleared for the U.S. market , Reuters reported .
A spokesperson for HRA Pharma said the Food and Drug Administration ’s decision is expected by October .
More News to Cheer This Week :
Ashoka , the world ’s community of leading social entrepreneurs , and the Maternal Health Task Force at EngenderHealth , announced June 17 the 16 winners of their Young Champions competition .
It ’s the first international fellowship to focus on supporting a new generation of global leaders dedicated to improving maternal health , reported PR Newswire .
Each winner will spend nine months abroad working with and being mentored by an Ashoka fellow with expertise in maternal health .
Two new studies find that giving pregnant and nursing women triple antiretroviral drug therapy , or treating breastfed infants with an antiretroviral medication , can dramatically cut HIV transmission rates , reported HealthDay News June 16 .
In one study in Botswana , a combination antiretroviral drug therapy given to pregnant and breastfeeding women kept all but 1 percent of babies from contracting the virus during six months of breastfeeding .
Without the drug therapy , about 25 percent of babies would have become infected .
A second study in North Carolina found that giving breastfed babies an antiretroviral drug once daily during their first six months of life reduced the transmission rate to 1.7 percent .
About 40 percent of the 430,000 children infected with HIV worldwide each year are infected through breastfeeding , reported the article .
Before the mostly - male world leaders descend on Toronto for the G20 summit next week , 21 young women from around the world are meeting for the G( irls ) 20 summit to discuss global policy and offer a voice for 3.3 billion women worldwide , reported The Canadian Press June 16 .
These girls–one representing the African Union and 20 mirroring the role of the G20 delegates –will send their policy conclusions to the world leaders attending the G20 summit , hoping to have their voices heard .
Closing arguments will be heard June 16 in the first federal trial examining whether bans on same - sex marriage violate civil rights , reported the Associated Press .
The landmark case involves two same - sex couples suing to overturn California ’s Proposition 8 , which voters passed in 2008 .
It is expected to eventually reach the U.S. Supreme Court .
Human Rights
Watch called on Kurdish authorities in northern Iraq to ban the practice of female genital mutilation and said in a report released June 16 that the majority of women in the region–nearly 73 percent–undergo the procedure , reported the Associated Press .
According to the World Health Organization , about 6,000 girls are cut daily , and the U.N. says a total of about 70 million girls and women in 27 African and Middle Eastern countries have undergone the procedure , reported the article .
EMILY ’s List , the nation ’s largest resource for women in politics , announced the launch of a new program on June 17 , according to a press statement by EMILY ’s List .
Called EMpower , the program will engage younger women and men across the country to connect and elect more pro-choice Democratic women to office .
Members of EMpower will have the opportunity to meet candidates and elected officials and stay engaged through an interactive Web site and events throughout the year .
Jeers
The Criminal Court of Abu Dhabi , the capital of the United Arab Emirates , ruled that an 18 - year - old Emirati woman who accused six men of gang raping her will serve a one - year sentence for consensual sex , reported The Los Angeles Times June 17 .
Human Rights Watch ’s Middle East North Africa Researcher Nadya Khalife wrote that society ’s beliefs and the courts ’ posturing against extramarital sex , rather than rape , is a disadvantage for female victims and often causes them to stay silent about sexual crimes .
More News to Jeer This Week :
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists is fighting New York State legislation that would eliminate the requirement that midwives have a written practice agreement with a doctor or hospital , reported The New York Times June 17 .
The group argues that written agreements are needed to keep women safe , particularly in the event of complications .
Supporters of the legislation , however , say that most midwives –who handle low - risk births –have relationships with doctors , whether in writing or not , in case complications develop .
New York Association of Licensed Midwives ’ President Laura Sheperis says that New York has 800 to 900 practicing midwives–more than any other state–and that about 10 percent of them have trouble obtaining written practice agreements , which must be renewed every year , reported the article .
A teenage girl in the Swaroop Nagar colony on the north - western outskirts of New Delhi , India ’s capital , is believed to have been brutally tortured and killed by her family for wanting to marry a boy–also tortured and killed –from a different , lower caste , reported BBC June 16 .
The girl ’s father and uncle have been arrested in what police have described as a case of " honor " killing .
After his arrest , the deceased girl ’s uncle told reporters , " I ’m not sorry . .
I would punish them again if given a chance . "
Women make up only 2 percent of the world ’s self - made billionaires , reported news.com.au June 16 .
Of the world ’s 1,011 billionaires , only 14 are women who made their own money rather than inheriting all or part of it .
The small but impressive group includes Oprah Winfrey , J.K. Rowling and Disney executive - turned eBay CEO - turned California gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman .
Women seeking abortions in Louisiana will first be required to get an ultrasound under a bill that received final passage June 16 , reported the Associated Press .
Opponents say the bill will make abortions more costly , since an ultrasound at health care facilities range in cost from $ 80 to $ 300 .
However , testimony from both sides of the debate indicates that more than 95 percent of women who get abortions in Louisiana already have ultrasounds performed , without the requirement in place , suggesting the bill wo n’t create significant change .
A fourth - grade teacher at a Christian school who was fired for getting pregnant before marriage said she was shocked when the principal asked her when she conceived , AOL News reported June 14 .
She did n’t think that her honest answer would leave her unemployed .
American University ’s Women and Politics Institute released a study indicating that female lawmakers composed 13.5 percent of the total Sunday show appearances by all representatives and senators this year , according to the Web site Politico.com .
The suggestion that the Sunday shows are less hospitable to women has prompted a debate over who ’s to blame among network producers , Capitol Hill political operatives and women ’s advocates .
Women make up 17 percent of the membership of the House and Senate , a proportion that is only a couple of percentage points higher than how often they appear on Sunday shows .
But some advocating for more appearances by women said the shows should be working harder to have women appear in numbers more closely approximating their percentage of society as a whole .
Australian Sen. Steve Fielding prompted outcry June 16 after suggesting that the government ’s proposed new parental benefits may encourage women to have abortions simply to claim paid maternity leave , reported Agence France - Presse .
The government plans to introduce the country ’s first paid parental leave scheme next year , providing 18 weeks of paid leave–at $ 470 per week –to care for a newborn .
The new benefits could also apply to women who have stillborn babies ;
Fielding says this makes it unclear what entitlements are allowed to those who terminate their pregnancies .
The government dismissed the claim , saying the benefit would not apply to women who choose to end a pregnancy , reported the article .
Noted :
GNU Guile 1.9.11 released ( beta )
From : Ludovic Courtès Subject : GNU Guile 1.9.11 released ( beta ) Date : Tue , 01 Jun 2010 23:57:40 +0200 User-agent : Gnus / 5.13 ( Gnus v5.13 ) Emacs / 23.2 ( gnu/linux )
We are pleased to announce GNU Guile release 1.9.11 .
This may be the last pre-release before the 2.0 release .
It provides many new noteworthy features , most notably the addition of a compiler and virtual machine .
We encourage you to test them and provide feedback to address@hidden ' .
The Guile web page is located at http://gnu.org/software/guile/, and among other things , it contains a link to the Guile FAQ and pointers to the mailing lists .
Guile is an implementation of the Scheme programming language , with support for many SRFIs , packaged for use in a wide variety of environments .
In addition to implementing the R5RS Scheme standard and a large subset of R6RS , Guile includes a module system , full access to POSIX system calls , networking support , multiple threads , dynamic linking , a foreign function call interface , and powerful string processing .
Guile can run interactively , as a script interpreter , and as a Scheme compiler to VM bytecode .
It is also packaged as a library so that applications can easily incorporate a complete Scheme interpreter / VM .
An application can use Guile as an extension language , a clean and powerful configuration language , or as multi-purpose " glue " to connect primitives provided by the application .
It is easy to call Scheme code From C code and vice versa .
Applications can add new functions , data types , control structures , and even syntax to Guile , to create a domain - specific language tailored to the task at hand .
Here are the compressed sources : ftp://alpha.gnu.org/gnu/guile/guile-1.9.11.tar.gz ( 5.0 MB ) Here are the GPG detached signatures [ * ] : ftp://alpha.gnu.org/gnu/guile/guile-1.9.11.tar.gz.sig
To reduce load on the main server , use a mirror listed at : http://www.gnu.org/order/ftp.html
Here are the MD5 and SHA1 checksums : ea62d9590f7c7b2552165b44ba11cc3d guile-1.9.11.tar.gz abd1424a927302db31395db828d4d14fa68d13f9 guile-1.9.11.tar.gz [*]
You can use either of the above signature files to verify that the corresponding file ( without the .sig suffix ) is intact .
First , be sure to download both the .sig file and the corresponding tarball .
Then , run a command like this : gpg --verify guile - 1.9.11.tar.gz.sig
If that command fails because you do n't have the required public key , then run this command to import it : gpg -- keyserver keys.gnupg.net -- recv-keys EA52ECF4 and rerun the `gpg -- verify ' command .
This release was bootstrapped with the following tools : Autoconf 2.65 Automake 1.11.1 Libtool 2.2.6 b Gnulib v0.0-3955-g8ab5996
This is a new release series with many new features and differences compared to 1.8 .
The complete list of changes compared to the 1.8.x series is available in the ` NEWS ' file .
Changes since the 1.9.10 pre-release : ** Renamed module : ( rnrs bytevectors )
This module was called ( rnrs bytevector ) , its name from earlier drafts of the R6RS .
Its name has been changed .
Users of previous 1.9 preleases may want to search for any stale rnrs / bytevector .
go or .scm file , and delete them .
**
New module : ( sxml match ) Guile has incorporated Jim Bender 's `sxml - match ' library .
See " sxml - match ' in the manual for more information .
Thanks , Jim ! **
New module : ( srfi srfi - 9 gnu )
This module adds an extension to srfi-9 , `set - record - type- printer !'.
See " SRFI - 9 " in the manual for more information .
** Support for R6RS libraries
The `library ' and `import ' forms from the latest Scheme report have been added to Guile , in such a way that R6RS libraries share a namespace with Guile modules .
R6RS modules may import Guile modules , and are available for Guile modules to import via use - modules and all the rest .
See " R6RS Libraries " in the manual for more information .
** Implementations of R6RS libraries Guile now has implementations for all of the libraries defined in the R6RS .
Thanks to Julian Graham for this excellent hack .
See " R6RS Standard Libraries " in the manual for a full list of libraries .
** Partial R6RS compatibility Guile now has enough support for R6RS to run a reasonably large subset of R6RS programs .
Guile is not fully R6RS compatible .
Many incompatibilities are simply bugs , though some parts of Guile will remain R6RS - incompatible for the foreseeable future .
See " R6RS Incompatibilities " in the manual , for more information .
Please contact address@hidden if you have found an issue not mentioned in that compatibility list .
** Macro expansion produces structures instead of s-expressions
In the olden days , macroexpanding an s-expression would yield another s-expression .
Though the lexical variables were renamed , expansions of core forms like `if ' and `begin ' were still non-hygienic , as they relied on the toplevel definitions of `if ' et al being the conventional ones .
The solution is to expand to structures instead of s-expressions .
There is an `if ' structure , a `begin ' structure , a `toplevel - ref ' structure , etc .
The expander already did this for compilation , producing Tree - IL directly ; it has been changed now to do so when expanding for the evaluator as well .
The real truth is somewhat more involved :
Tree - IL does n't exist until modules have been booted , but we need the expander to boot modules , and additionally we need a boot expander before psyntax is loaded .
So a subset of Tree - IL is defined in C , and the boot expander produces these " macroexpanded " structures .
Psyntax has been modified to produce those structures as well .
When Tree - IL loads , it incorporates those structures directly as part of its language .
Finally , the evaluator has been adapted to accept these " expanded " structures , and enhanced to better support the gamut of this subset of Tree - IL , including `lambda * ' and `case - lambda ' .
This was a much - needed harmonization between the compiler , expander , and evaluator .
** Deprecated `scm_badargsp '
This function is unused in Guile , but was part of its API .
** `sxml ->xml ' enhancement `sxml - >xml ' from `( sxml simple ) ' can now handle the result of `xml -> sxml ' .
See bug # 29260 for more information .
**
New module : ( system vm coverage )
This new module can produce code coverage reports for compiled Scheme code on a line - by - line level .
See " Code Coverage " in the manual for more information .
** Faster VM hooks .
The frame objects passed to VM hook procedures are now allocated on the stack instead of the heap , making the next - instruction hook practical to use .
** New `eval - when ' situation : `expand '
Sometimes it 's important to cause side - effects while expanding an expression , even in eval mode .
This situation is used in ` define - module ' , `use - modules ' , et al , in order to affect the current module and its set of syntax expanders .
**
Better module - level hygiene Instead of attempting to track changes to the current module when expanding toplevel sequences , we instead preserve referential transparency relative to where the macro itself was defined .
If the macro should expand to expressions in the context of the new module , it should wrap those expressions in `@@ ' , which has been enhanced to accept generic expressions , not just identifier references .
For example , part of the definition of the R6RS `library ' form : #'( begin ( define - module ( name name * ... ) #: pure #:version ( version ... ) ) ( import ispec ) ... ( re-export r ... ) ( export e ... ) ( @@ ( name name * ... ) body ) ...)
In this example the `import ' refers to the `import ' definition in the module where the `library ' macro is defined , not in the new module .
** Module system macros rewritten as hygienic macros ` define - module ' , `use - modules ' , `export ' , and other such macros have been rewritten as hygienic macros .
This allows the necessary referential transparency for the R6RS `library ' to do the right thing .
** Compiler and VM documentation updated
The documentation for the compiler and VM had slipped out of date ; it has been brought back ... to the future ! **
Tree - IL field renaming : `vars ' -> `gensyms '
The `vars ' fields of < let > , < letrec > , < fix > , and < lambda - case > has been renamed to `gensyms ' , for clarity , and to match < lexical - ref > .
** Removed `version ' field from < language >
Language versions were n't being updated or used in any worthwhile way ; they have been removed , for now at least .
** New procedure : `module - export - all ! '
This procedure exports all current and future bindings from a module .
Use as `( module - export - all ! ( current - module ) ) ' .
** Updates to manual
The introductory sections of the manual have been reorganized significantly , making it more accessible to new users of Guile .
Check it out ! **
The module namespace is now separate from the value namespace
It was a little - known implementation detail of Guile 's module system that it was built on a single hierarchical namespace of values -- that if there was a module named `( foo bar ) ' , then there was a also module named `( foo ) ' with a binding from `bar ' to the `( foo bar ) ' module .
This was a neat trick , but presented a number of problems .
One problem was that the bindings in a module were not apparent from the module itself ; perhaps the `( foo ) ' module had a private binding for `bar ' , and then an external contributor defined `( foo bar ) ' .
In the end there can be only one binding , so one of the two will see the wrong thing , and produce an obtuse error of unclear provenance .
Also , the public interface of a module was also bound in the value namespace , as `%module - public - interface ' .
This was a hack from the early days of Guile 's modules .
Both of these warts have been fixed by the addition of fields in the `module ' data type .
Access to modules and their interfaces from the value namespace has been deprecated , and all accessors use the new record accessors appropriately .
When Guile is built with support for deprecated code , as is the default , the value namespace is still searched for modules and public interfaces , and a deprecation warning is raised as appropriate .
Finally , to support lazy loading of modules as one used to be able to do with module binder procedures , Guile now has submodule binders , called if a given submodule is not found .
See boot - 9.scm for more information .
**
New procedures : module - ref - submodule , module - define - submodule , nested - ref - module , nested - define - module ! , local - ref - module , local - define - module
These new accessors are like their bare variants , but operate on namespaces instead of values .
**
The ( app modules ) module tree is officially deprecated
It used to be that one could access a module named `( foo bar ) ' via `( nested - ref the - root - module ' ( app modules foo bar ) ) ' .
The `( app modules ) ' bit was a never - used and never - documented abstraction , and has been deprecated .
See the following mail for a full discussion : http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/guile-devel/2010-04/msg00168.html
The ` %app ' binding is also deprecated .
** Deprecated address@hidden ' syntax address@hidden ' was part of an older implementation of the Emacs Lisp language , and is no longer used .
** New fluid : ` % file - port - name - canonicalization '
This fluid parameterizes the file names that are associated with file ports .
If % file - port - name - canonicalization is ' absolute , then file names are canonicalized to be absolute paths .
If it is 'relative , then the name is canonicalized , but any prefix corresponding to a member of ` %load - path ' is stripped off .
Otherwise the names are passed through unchanged .
** Source file name canonicalization in `compile - file ' , `compile - and - load '
These file - compiling procedures now bind % file - port - name - canonicalization to their `#:canonicalization ' keyword argument , which defaults to ' relative .
In this way , one might compile " ../module/ice-9/boot-9.scm " , but the path that gets residualized into the .go is " ice-9/boot -9.scm " .
** Deprecate arity access via ( procedure - properties proc ' arity )
Instead of accessing a procedure 's arity as a property , use the new `procedure - minimum - arity ' function , which gives the most permissive arity that the the function has , in the same format as the old arity accessor .
** Remove redundant accessors : program - name , program - documentation , program - properties , program - property Instead , just use procedure - name , procedure - documentation , procedure - properties , and procedure - property .
** Enhance documentation for support of Emacs Lisp 's `nil '
See " Nil " in the manual , for more details .
** Enhance documentation for support of other languages See " Other Languages " in the manual , for more details .
**
And of course , the usual collection of bugfixes Interested users should see the ChangeLog for more information .
You can follow Guile development in the Git repository and on the Guile mailing lists .
Guile builds from the `master ' branch of Git have version number 1.9.x .
Guile versions with an odd middle number , e.g. , 1.9.* , are unstable development versions .
Even middle numbers indicate stable versions .
This has been the case since the 1.3. * series .
Please report bugs to address@hidden ' .
We also welcome reports of successful builds , which can be sent to the same email address .
Ludovic Courtès , on behalf of the Guile team .
pgpOtwRJ20iWr.pgp
Description : PGP signature
reply via email to
Skunked
Okay , now once you ’re done looking at the skunk , get ready ….. go on get ready ….. are you ready ?….. I ’m pretty sure there ’s a child in the bottom part of the cart .
Florida
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 9.2/10 ( 71 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +21 ( from 27 votes )
A 50 - year - old man has been jailed for two years for stealing from parking meters in the city of Melbourne .
Rodney Tatnell , of Wyndham Vale , was working as a parking officer when he stole more than $ 288,000 from city parking meters , between July 2007 and December 2008 .
The County Court has heard at the one point , Tatnell was taking home up an extra $ 3,500 a day .
The court heard he bought a number of cars and luxury home items , as well as gifts for his family .
In sentencing , Judge Frank Gucciardo , accepted Tatnell had a limited intellectual capacity , that he was easily led and that he had acted as an informer against his co-accused .
But he said the court had no option but to impose a period of imprisonment .
Tatnell was sentenced to two years in prison and will be eligible for parole in 12 months .
As part of their takeover of guardian .
co.uk / music , Gorillaz are letting you hear Plastic Beach in full .
Featuring collaborations with Lou Reed , Mos Def , Mark E Smith , De La Soul , Kano and Snoop Dogg , it 's set to be one of the biggest records of 2010 .
So click on the widget above to stream the album from start to finish ( and remember not to refresh the page as it plays ! ) .
Omeka is a project of the Corporation for Digital Scholarship , the Roy Rosenzweig Center for History and New Media , and George Mason University , with funding from multiple organizations .
The name and logo of Omeka are registered trademarks of the Corporation for Digital Scholarship .
Website content available as CC - BY - NC| Software License
Sure , you 've probably seen the video of a cat playing around with an iPad by now , but what about our other four - legged friend ?
Well , wonder no more , because Pixel the dog has now stepped up and shown cats how it 's really done by not only playing Air Hockey on an iPad , but winning .
Video after the break .
— Five men who say they 're victims of paternity fraud met with some state lawmakers on Thursday .
The men say they have DNA tests proving they 're not the biological fathers of children , yet they must still pay child support due to state law , which allows fathers two months after acknowledging paternity to dispute it and one year to prove fraud .
“ Anyone in my position that ’s got caught in the system , you ’re at the mercy of the courts .
They ’re going to dictate how to live your life , ” said Victor McAllister , who says he is the victim of paternity fraud .
“ The question is how to remedy that .
First to stop any future child support requirements on that person who is not the father ; second to do so in a way that does n't disrupt totally the life of the child , ” said Rep. Rick Glazier , D - Cumberland County .
A bill to extend the time period to prove fraud passed in the House last year , but stalled in the Senate .
[ raw video ]
06/18/10 - A
Dallas police officer faces a faces a misdemeanor charge of discharging a weapon after she fired a revolver in a squad car during a drunken off - duty incident .
Officer Kelly Beemer , 27 , has been placed on administrative leave , pending the outcome of a criminal investigation .
" I am extremely disappointed by Officer Beemer 's conduct and the actions she took during this incident , " Police Chief David Brown said in a prepared statement .
" The recklessness she displayed is unacceptable conduct for a Dallas police officer .
" Her attorney , Haakon Donnelly , declined to comment .
About 11 p.m. Wednesday , Beemer was at Lee Harvey 's bar in South Dallas , where she had been drinking .
Her friends decided she should n't drive herself home , police said .
An off - duty officer at the bar offered to give Beemer a ride home , but authorities said she would n't tell the officer where she lived .
She got out of that officer 's vehicle and tried to hide , authorities said .
Two on - duty patrol officers , Miguel Jamaica and Zachary Helm , came to the bar to help get Beemer under control , police said .
Helm had been dating Beemer , police said .
An in - car video camera from Helm 's squad car shows what happened next : Helm and Jamaica walked a staggering and apparently incoherent Beemer to Helm 's car .
They placed her in the back seat .
" Oh my God , " a distraught Beemer says repeatedly .
" I can't believe you would do this to me .
I thought better of you .
" About 11:20 p.m. , as Helm approached the intersection of Gaston Avenue and Abrams Road , Beemer began demanding that he stop the squad car .
She tried to open the door .
" I swear you need to stop now , " she said just before pulling a revolver from her ankle holster and firing into the floorboard .
Helm jumped out of the vehicle , demanding repeatedly that she drop the gun .
Helm and another off - duty officer who had been following in his personal vehicle then disarmed her .
On the recording , Helm asked Beemer , " Are you insane ? " as he beat on the squad car and cried out in apparent frustration .
Neither Beemer nor Helm was injured .
Brown said Helm and Jamaica made a " good faith effort to assist a fellow officer " but should have arrested her for public intoxication once it became clear she was a danger to herself and others .
"
The officers were trying to do the right thing but did it in the wrong way , " he said .
Jamaica and Helm have been placed on restricted duty .
In a separate incident about 10:45 p.m. Wednesday , Officer Charles Jeffers , 30 , was accused of pushing a former girlfriend down a flight of stairs at her home in the 5100 block of Willow Lane in northwest Dallas .
The 41 - year - old woman told police that Jeffers " became irate and shoved her , " causing her to fall backward down a flight of stairs .
The woman , who had no visible injuries , left the apartment and called police .
Jeffers has been place on administrative leave while police investigate .
Ghyslain Raza 's geeky Star Wars impersonation racked up millions of views on YouTube and drove him to a mental health crisis .
After successfully suing the kids who leaked the video , he 's now in law school , doing well and looking dapper .
In the wake of his video surfacing online , Ghyslain dropped out of high school , was diagnosed with depression , and became an in - patient at a psychiatric ward for kids .
His family then sued the families of the classmates who leaked his video for $ 250,000 , an experience that apparently informed his future : Ghyslain is now a law student at McGill .
He 's also the president of Patrimoine Trois - Rivières , a French Canadian cultural conservation society .
[ TechCrunch , Motherboard , GlobeAndMail , Cyberpresse ]
Previously : What To Do If You Become an Internet Meme
May existing home sales plunged far below expectations , coming in at an annualized - 2.2 % rate , compared to consensus of 6.0 % , and a revised 8 % in April .
This is the second worst monthly drop in history , and shows just how very wrong economists are , and how they will all have to revise their outlooks lower , for all macro indicators including GDP .
The plunge occurred even despite near record low 30 year mortgage rates : the Freddie 30 - year , conventional , fixed - rate mortgage fell to 4.89 percent in May from 5.10 percent in April ; the rate was 4.86 percent in May 2009 .
The push forward effect of the administration 's various subsidies is now over and a double dip is likely now inevitable unless yet another stimulus plan is implemented .
There is nothing quite like the administration finding a scapegoat du jour : first it was snow in winter , then hot weather in the spring , now it is the oil spill : " Florida and Louisiana , also impacted by the oil spill , have the highest percentage of homes that require flood insurance . "
From NAR press release :
Yes , Chinese workers are becoming more defiant , but I 'd say that suggests progress .
There is no way the recent successful strike action at Honda 's joint venture in China would have happened without the government 's sanction .
Allowing workers to win higher wages , while moving towards a minimum wage in certain sectors , shows the Chinese authorities " get it " and are starting to ease up in terms of economic freedom .
They are not doing so fast enough for most Western tastes , but the direction of travel is clear .
Both NSA director Gen. Keith Alexander and CIA director Leon Panetta have developed solid relationships with key members and senior Hill staffers , a turnaround from early in the administration , when the CIA nearly went to war with Speaker Nancy Pelosi over whether she was briefed on enhanced interrogation techniques during the Bush Administration .
There remains significant concern about the oversight of other agencies controlled mainly by the Department of Defense , including the Defense Intelligence Agency , which is one reason for the initial resistance to James Clapper 's nomination to become the new director of national intelligence .
Last week , the White House reluctantly agreed to support some of the new provisions , but its budget director pointedly made public concessions the White House had won , including the scrapping of an amendment to give Congress 's investigative arm , the General Accountability Office , broad power to investigate intelligence agency abuses .
Earlier this week , I wrote that the oversight language in the authorization seemed weak .
I did not know about many of the provisions retained in the language that passed both the House and the Senate , largely because the intelligence committees will not make drafts of the final product public .
Moreover , some of the new oversight powers are classified .
Congress , for example , has requested modifications to specific programs and capacities .
Others have simply been overlooked .
Sen .
Kit Bond spent months crafting a provision that would significantly overhaul the way the intelligence community acquires its materiel and handles contracting personnel .
An early version of the bill is here ,
In negotiations with the White House , Congress stressed President Obama 's campaign promise of transparency and a new era of openness in government .
The White House , meanwhile , insisted that its executive intelligence authorities and ability to protect national security information not be diminished .
Details from some of the new oversight mechanisms show the strides Congress was able to make .
During the last administration ( and , indeed , for decades ) , covert action notifications were often made orally , with no record of who attended briefings and no record of what the briefings were about .
Under the new language , even oral covert action notifications must be recorded for posterity .
To avoid a debate about what type of covert action qualifies for notification , agencies are now required to consider more factors when determining whether a program ought to be disclosed .
The director of the CIA must sign a document on a regular basis to certify that he has met the notification requirements .
Doing so will subject him to 18 USC 1001 , the False Statements Statue , and potential legal penalties if he fails to disclose an important program that is discovered after the fact .
The Neo FreeRunner is the second phone designed to run Openmoko software and is the direct descendant of the earlier Neo 1973 .
Specifications
High resolution touch screen 2.84 ” ( 43 mm x 58 mm ) 480x640 pixels
128MB SDRAM memory
256 MB integrated flash memory ( expandable with microSD or microSDHC card )
microSD slot supporting up to 16GB SDHC ( Secure Digital High Capacity ) cards ( Supported microSD cards )
Internal GPS module
Bluetooth
802.11 b/g WiFi
400 Mhz ARM processor
2 3D accelerometers
2 LEDs illuminating the two buttons on the rim of the case ( one bicolor [ blue|orange ] behind the power button , 1 unicolor [ red ] behind the aux button )
Tri-band GSM and GPRS
USB
Host function with 500 mA power , allowing you to power USB devices for short periods ( will drain the FreeRunner battery faster )
Versions :
The Neo FreeRunner is available in two versions , one for the GSM bands of North America ( 850/1800/1900 Mhz ) , and one for the GSM bands in the rest of the world ( 900/1800/1900 Mhz ) .
Unless you explicitly discuss this , a local reseller may by default send you the version appropriate to the distributors location .
A full list of the hardware specs and components of the Neo FreeRunner can be found at Neo FreeRunner Hardware .
A comparison between Neo 1973 and Neo FreeRunner is available at Neo 1973 vs Neo FreeRunner .
Getting the Neo FreeRunner
The FreeRunner can be purchased from a distributor .
The software available on the phone makes it suitable for power users and developers only -- it is not yet ready for the general consumer .
Email announcements are found on the announce mailing list .
For frequently asked questions please check FAQ .
Intended use and users
The Neo FreeRunner is a Linux - based touch screen smart phone ultimately aimed at general consumer use as well as Linux desktop users and software developers .
Linux users and software developers will appreciate the total freedom they have to use and design software for the FreeRunner .
General phone users will eventually appreciate the high spec and performance of the phone and the wide range of free software packages expected to emerge .
These will allow users to make the maximum use of the hardware and tailor it to their particular needs .
Since launch , the pace of software tweaks and improvements has increased as both the Openmoko team developers and the wider community work together .
How usable is it ?
With most distributions the FreeRunner is working as a reliable phone .
However it still has usability issues and many advanced features are still missing .
( For example with SHR , the most used distribution , the phone keeps ringing for a second after a call has been accepted )
For more information see distributions .
Please see the FreeRunner : Selected Blogs and Articles to get more reviews .
The Neo FreeRunner Hardware Issues page may also be of interest .
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 123 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Neil Bates Airline UK - Air Force Version Eurofighter EF - 2000 Typhoon FGR4 Generic Type Eurofighter EF - 2000 Typhoon Basic Type Eurofighter EF - 2000 Typhoon Manufacturer Eurofighter MSN 0047 / BS004 Reg. ZJ913 Code AC Location Machynlleth Loop area Region Wales Country United Kingdom Date Photographed January 22 , 2010 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 87,053
Photo Added : February 02 , 2010
Photo Copyright © Neil Bates .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
Share
tweet
And now back to our usual scheduled programming .
I ’m really trying to bulk up my muscles for the summer .
Gotta look good in my mankini !
I just get so sick of the same old protein sources every single day .
Chicken , eggs , more chicken , even more eggs .
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m a man who loves his eggs , but mostly when they ’re fried in a lake of butter , served with a side of bacon .
Now here ’s a source of protein I can really stand behind .
Canned Unicorn
Meat offers up your daily source of protein , along with a healthy dose of giggles and sunshine .
Each part of the unicorn is used to create this beautiful block of preserved meat , including crunchy bits of magical horn bits .
I even feel all fancy eating it since it ’s imported straight from County Meath , Ireland .
Head over to the source link to get a great “ Savory Unicorn & Heirloom Tomato Bruchetta ” recipe which I highly recommend .
Link [ via ]
Early Saturday , engineers were able to divert only 6,000 barrels in a 24 - hour period to a ship on the surface as they worked to close two of four vents on the containment cap .
But by midnight , according to Admiral Allen , the amount of oil diverted to the ship had reached 10,000 barrels .
Image Workers removed small globs of oil that had washed up on Pensacola Beach in Florida .
Credit ... Joe Raedle / Getty Images
Admiral Allen ’s estimate of the effect of the new cap was echoed by Tony Hayward , the chief executive of BP , in a BBC interview broadcast Sunday , who also said that another containment system would be put in place by next weekend .
“ So when those two are in place , we would very much hope to be containing the vast majority of the oil , ” Mr. Hayward said .
Admiral Allen said that engineers hope to gradually increase the amount of oil captured into a nearby ship without jeopardizing the delicate recovery effort after so many other efforts failed in the last six weeks .
The disaster began after the Deepwater Horizon drill rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 workers .
Oil was still escaping through four vents on the top of the cap that are designed to relieve pressure and not overstress the containment system .
Admiral Allen said that if the vents were closed too quickly , cold sea water could rush in and form the kind of icy hydrates that doomed a previous attempt to cap the spill .
The admiral had initially said that they hoped to begin closing the vents on Friday .
But on Saturday he said that they had been unable to do so because the pressure inside the containment cap might become so great that oil would blast through the imperfect seal connecting it to the riser pipe .
11th Doctor Set is Official
| By
It ’s here !
Chracter Options has finally announced the 11 Doctors set .
Not a moment too soon either as I was starting to lose hope about these guys .
No official word on US pricing yet , but it ’s close to $ 100 or so in the UK , so we can expect similar here .
That ’s not a bad price for 11 figures , considering there are several new ones as well .
Sure it sucks if you spent $ 40 on some of these guys before , but it ’s definitely worth it .
These are almost perfect versions of everyone .
Nobody is changed too much .
Some good outfit choices all around on the repaints although a couple of a later Doctoros 9 & 10 are pretty much regular re-releases .
Hopefully there wo n’t be any allocations or well …
I ’m going to go Dalek on somebody .
I have spent the vast majority of my life reading about , researching , and working on cars .
Every once in a while though , I am smacked in the face with something that I have never seen before .
Most recently , it was the “ triflux ” engine .
I do n’t know a whole heck of a lot about it , except that it was experimental and designed by Lancia in 1986 .
The way I ’m understanding it , it has 4 cylinders , 2 turbochargers , 2 intercoolers , fuel injection , a dry sump oil system , and ~600 hp @ 8000 rpm .
There is confusion all over the place though .
We ’ll start with mechanical timing ?
Ummm , is n’t the crankshaft supposed to be connected to the camshafts ?
If not , how is mechanical timing controlled ?
Secondly , how is 600 horsepower being made from less than 1.8L ?
It must be running super efficient turbos at high pressure , and revving to the moon .
I guess this is why I am not an engineer .
Enjoy the wackiness that is the turboflux .
Images borrowed from :
http://avs.spot-mate.com
Jan 2018 ( 4 ) Dec 2017 ( 1 ) Nov 2017 ( 2 ) Jul 2017 ( 1 ) Jun 2017 ( 3 ) May 2017 ( 5 ) Apr 2017 ( 2 ) Mar 2017 ( 10 ) Feb 2017 ( 7 ) Jan 2017 ( 3 ) Dec 2016 ( 2 ) Nov 2016 ( 7 ) Oct 2016 ( 6 ) Sep 2016 ( 9 ) Aug 2016 ( 1 ) Jun 2016 ( 7 ) May 2016 ( 1 ) Apr 2016 ( 5 ) Mar 2016 ( 2 ) Feb 2016 ( 9 ) Jan 2016 ( 28 ) Dec 2015 ( 6 ) Oct 2015 ( 17 ) Sep 2015 ( 12 ) Aug 2015 ( 7 ) Jul 2015 ( 6 ) Jun 2015 ( 1 ) May 2015 ( 7 ) Apr 2015 ( 3 ) Mar 2015 ( 12 ) Feb 2015 ( 7 ) Jan 2015 ( 9 ) Dec 2014 ( 4 ) Nov 2014 ( 1 ) Oct 2014 ( 8 ) Sep 2014 ( 8 ) Aug 2014 ( 2 ) Jul 2014 ( 3 ) Jun 2014 ( 2 ) May 2014 ( 4 ) Apr 2014 ( 3 ) Mar 2014 ( 1 ) Jan 2014 ( 3 ) Nov 2013 ( 2 ) Oct 2013 ( 6 ) Jul 2013 ( 4 ) May 2013 ( 1 ) Apr 2013 ( 1 ) Mar 2013 ( 9 ) Feb 2013 ( 8 ) Jan 2013 ( 5 ) Dec 2012 ( 12 ) Nov 2012 ( 8 ) Oct 2012 ( 4 ) Sep 2012 ( 8 ) Aug 2012 ( 3 ) Jul 2012 ( 9 ) Jun 2012 ( 8 ) May 2012 ( 11 ) Apr 2012 ( 15 ) Mar 2012 ( 16 ) Feb 2012 ( 9 ) Jan 2012 ( 9 ) Dec 2011 ( 15 ) Nov 2011 ( 19 ) Oct 2011 ( 17 ) Sep 2011 ( 18 ) Aug 2011 ( 18 ) Jul 2011 ( 13 ) Jun 2011 ( 18 ) May 2011 ( 16 ) Apr 2011 ( 5 ) Mar 2011 ( 6 ) Feb 2011 ( 5 ) Jan 2011 ( 6 ) Dec 2010 ( 3 ) Nov 2010 ( 2 ) Oct 2010 ( 4 ) Sep 2010 ( 4 ) Aug 2010 ( 5 ) Jul 2010 ( 19 ) Jun 2010 ( 29 ) May 2010 ( 23 ) Apr 2010 ( 28 ) Mar 2010 ( 33 ) Feb 2010 ( 21 ) Jan 2010 ( 23 ) Dec 2009 ( 40 ) Nov 2009 ( 29 ) Oct 2009 ( 28 ) Sep 2009 ( 32 ) Aug 2009 ( 24 ) Jul 2009 ( 23 ) Jun 2009 ( 11 ) May 2009 ( 16 ) Apr 2009 ( 39 ) Mar 2009 ( 67 ) Feb 2009 ( 43 ) Jan 2009 ( 12 ) Dec 2008 ( 4 )
Breaking : Obama Gets G - 20 to End $ 558 Billion in Fossil Fuel Subsidies
June 30th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
With the evidence of our gluttony for oil now rudely lapping at our shores , at the G - 20 meeting that just wrapped up in Toronto , Obama pressed for and got agreement from other world leaders to actually end fossil fuel subsidies , by erasing the word “ voluntary ” in the agreement , the Los Angeles Times is reporting .
[ social_buttons ]
Despite the earlier fears of environmentalists that it would be merely a voluntary “ goal ” , at the last minute a newly muscular non-voluntary end to fossil energy subsidies , was inserted into the final language of the G - 20 agreement , at the request of the US President .
America.gov found that fossil fuel subsidies amounted to $ 558 billion worldwide in 2008 .
The top 20 nations at the G - 20 have now also agreed to ongoing reviews to check on how well each of them lives up to the commitment .
Initially , the agreement was to be a mere “ voluntary ” agreement , to the alarm of environmentalists .
But at the last minute , President Obama changed the wording .
By omitting the word “ voluntary ” , and including checkups , the agreement becomes much stronger .
It appears that coaxing world leaders who run actual democracies to do the right thing for their people is not as difficult as coaxing Senators in this country to .
As the nation that most pampers its fossil energy overlords , it will be US fossil energy companies with the most to lose by this end to fossil fuel subsidies .
But with an international agreement , even those that relocate their headquarters off - shore will now be covered by this agreement .
Despite the fossil fuel subsidies that a mere president cannot end , those that keep our Senate from voting with their non-corporate constituents , perhaps America is finally ready to move beyond petroleum .
So far , we ’ve cheerfully led the world in the inefficiency of our gasoline vehicles , with 34 % sold only getting between 15 and 20 miles per gallon – compared with the carbon - constrained EU where under 1 % of vehicles sold are now that inefficient .
So our carbon emissions are almost double those of the EU at 256 grams per kilometer , compared with their 140 .
But have we finally hit our rock bottom , as they say in the addiction - recovery world ?
Has the gushing volcano of dangerous oil in the Gulf finally moved us to a different place ?
Image : Guardian
Susan Kraemer @ Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Former Hewlett - Packard CEO Carly Fiorina has been attacking incumbent Democratic Sen. Barbara
Boxer since well before June 8 , when Fiorina hoped to lock up the Republican Senate nomination in California .
Her latest ad went up just a few days before the primary and falsely accuses Boxer of neglecting terrorism in favor of the weather report .
" One of the very important national security issues we face , frankly , is climate change , " Boxer says in a 2007 clip shown in the ad .
Cut to Fiorina .
" Terrorism kills , " she says .
" And Barbara Boxer ’s worried about the weather . "
Well , no , she ’s worried about climate change , which is different , although the daily weather can certainly be affected by the larger phenomenon .
But the bigger problem with Fiorina ’s belittling comment is that Boxer has plenty of serious - minded company that agrees with her .
Type " climate change and national security " into Google and up come a bunch of reports and news stories , including one from the Navy .
" Climate change will affect the type , scope , and location of future Navy missions , " said Rear Admiral Dave Titley , director of the Navy ’s Task Force Climate Change .
The topic occupies a section of the most recent Quadrennial Defense Review , released in February .
And here ’s what a Council on Foreign Relations report says :
Joshua Busby , November 2007 : Climate change presents a serious threat to the security and prosperity of the United States and other countries .
Recent actions and statements by members of Congress , members of the UN Security Council , and retired U.S. military officers have drawn attention to the consequences of climate change , including the destabilizing effects of storms , droughts , and floods .
Domestically , the effects of climate change could overwhelm disaster - response capabilities .
Internationally , climate change may cause humanitarian disasters , contribute to political violence , and undermine weak governments .
Fiorina notes in the ad that she " chaired the external advisory board for the CIA . "
But she must have missed the agency ’s announcement last September of its new Center on Climate Change and National Security .
US Air Force commissioned MIT to develop the first " numerically controlled " machine in 1949 .
It was demonstrated in 1952 .
Motivation :
To manufacture complex curved geometries in 2D or 3D was extremely expensive by mechanical means ( which usually would require complex jigs to control the cutter motions ) .
Most modern machine tool companies manufacture only NC or CNC machine tools .
The dominant advantages of NC machines are : - Easier to program ; easy storage of existing programs ;
- Easy to change a program
- Avoids human errors
- NC machines are safer to operate
- Complex geometry is produced as cheaply as simple ones
- Usually generates closer tolerances than manually operated machines
System M3X - 3S 3 - Axis Control and Machine
Computer Numerical Control ( CNC for short ) is the process of having a computer controlling the operation of a machine .
CNC machines typically replace ( or work in conjunction with ) some existing manufacturing process .
Almost all operations performed with conventional machine tools are programmable with CNC machines .
For instance , with CNC machines we can perform motion control in linear ( along a straight line ) or rotary ( along a circular path ) axes .
The axes of any CNC machine are required for the purpose of causing the motions needed for the manufacturing process .
Having the computer control the machine is accomplished by a program that is written using NC code .
A CNC program is a series of instructions written in sentence - like format .
These statements are executed in sequential order , step by step .
A special series of CNC words are used to communicate what the machine is intended to do .
CNC words begin with letter addresses ( like F for feedrate , S for spindle speed , and X , Y and Z for axis motion ) .
When placed together in a logical method , a group of CNC words make up a command that resemble a sentence .
For any given CNC machine type , there will only be about 40 - 50 words used on a regular basis .
Rachel Maddow wants to give government who enforced brutal and racist segregation laws power to regulate First Amendment
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , May 24 , 2010
In an interview with Alan Colmes , Ron Paul points out that it was the government who enforced segregation laws , not his son Rand Paul , who is being branded a racist by the attack dog media for simply re-affirming the fact that even unpopular aspects of the First Amendment must be protected for it to stand for anything .
As we have exhaustively documented , the corporate media was intent on manufacturing a contrived race baiting scandal around Rand Paul even before the Civil Rights
Act argument cropped up .
In the immediate aftermath of his crushing defeat of establishment neo-con Trey Grayson , the media attempted to characterize the Kentucky primary winner as a racist elitist simply because he held his victory celebration at a country club .
When this attempt to smear Paul fell flat on its face , the Civil Rights sideshow was ramped up , with MSNBC airing eight different segments totaling 37 minutes with every single guest attacking Rand Paul as a closet racist who wants to repeal the Civil Rights Act , something which he never said .
Every single news network , along with a plethora of establishment liberal and neo-con blogs , parroted the talking point to the point where Paul had been demonized as some kind of Klan member who wanted to bring back segregation and black slavery .
In reality , as his father Ron Paul pointed out in an interview with Alan Colmes , Rand Paul was 2 - years - old when the Civil Rights
Act was passed and it was the government itself – the body that if people like Rachael Maddow had their way , would be given the power the regulate the First Amendment – who enforced racist and brutal segregation laws to begin with .
Host Colmes was refreshingly fair in acknowledging that Rand Paul was advancing a philosophical position and was not a racist as he has been branded by the media .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Ron Paul pointed out that the Civil Rights
Act was passed before Rand Paul even went to grade school and that the genuine issues that concern Americans now have nothing to do with what the media is obsessing about , adding that it was idiotic to think that any business would refuse to serve black people because it would be a financial and public relations disaster , making the whole “ controversy ” a moot point .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ He ’s actually taking a position very close to Martin Luther King – Martin Luther King wanted to repeal laws , he believed in boycotts , he believed in peaceful disobedience , those are the things that Libertarians believe in , ” said Paul .
Paul explained his son ’s position simply and eloquently .
“ If you want your personal privacy protected , if you want your religious protection , if you want your choices on sexual activities protected , that means your house has to be sacred , ” said Paul .
The standpoint of Rachel Maddow and her ilk , that the government should regulate the First Amendment in private homes and businesses , is not only a complete violation of the right to free speech as well as private property , but it would also be enforced by the state – the same entity that created racist segregation laws in the first place .
“ Where did the real segregation come – from government , ” said Paul , adding , “ Government endorsed slavery , government endorsed the segregation law , how long did the government have segregation in the armed forces – up until world war two . ”
In addition , it was the judiciary branch of the U.S. government , the Supreme Court , who in 1857 declared that black people were slaves with no rights as free men .
Despite the fact that it was government who passed and presided over laws on racial segregation and slavery , which Rand Paul said he would have marched with Martin Luther King to oppose , the Rachel Maddows of this world think the same entity tainted with the historical stain of enforcing slavery and racism should somehow be trusted and empowered to fairly regulate free speech within private homes and businesses .
“ Recognizing private property and the role of government in segregation is what we ’re trying to make a point on , ” concluded Paul , adding that real issues such as the economic crisis were being ignored while the media hypes a fake controversy about a non-issue .
Watch the clip below .
This article was posted : Monday , May 24 , 2010 at 11:14 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
This charming phrase first gained usage in the early 80’s and is still widely used today in the advertising industry .
It is a useful phrase to be aware of , in that it serves as a reminder of the level of contempt in which that industry holds its intended target s.
It refers specifically to that type of television commercial where two women are seen in a domestic setting " naturalistically " discussing the relative merits of products , thus :
Woman A : How do you get your whites looking so white and smelling so fresh ?
Woman B : I use Super - Fresh Whiter - Than - White !
Now with added freshness !
Woman A : I think it ’s time I switched to Super - Fresh Whiter - Than - White !!
( Both women smile .
Cue jingle . )
In case you have n’t already guessed , " 2 c's in a k " stands for " two cunts in a kitchen " .
Departure likely to be finalised Thursday as Inter loom ...
MORE ...
Inter the night ?
| Rafa looks set to head to Italy
correspondent Rafael Benitez is in talks to leave Liverpool after being told by chairman Martin Broughton today that there was minimal money to buy new players this summer , understands .
Benitez , who is on holiday in Italy , is believed to have had a discussion with the new Anfield chairman about the transfer pot that would be at his disposal , but he failed to get the reassurances that he wanted and told Broughton that he could not do the job without money .
Broughton is understood to have then offered Benitez a severance deal to leave Anfield and bring his six - year reign to an end .
This failure to guarantee transfer funds comes just days after co-owner Tom Hicks ' outspoken defence of his and George Gillett 's reign at the club , in which he specifically claimed that Benitez would have " significant " transfer funds this summer .
It has been widely suggested that the club mooted a compensation package worth £ 3 million .
Although Benitez has four years remaining on his £ 5 m - a - year contract , potentially entitling him to £ 20 m , the most he could expect to get would be £ 16 m .
Club sources have confirmed to Goal.com UK that negotiations are “ advanced ” about Benitez ’s pay - off , but Liverpool have declined to make a formal comment .
The Spaniard ’s departure , which could be finalised by tomorrow , will compound the sense of uncertainty at Anfield in the wake of a dismal season in which the club finished seventh in the Premier League and failed to qualify for the Champions League .
Several sources within Italy are claiming that Benitez is on the verge of joining Inter to succeed Jose Mourinho , who formally joined Real Madrid this week .
Massimo Moratti , president of the treble winners , had earmarked Fabio Capello last week as his ideal successor to Mourinho , only for the Italian to finalise an agreement with the FA today that denied him his right to escape his contract - which runs until 2012 - after this summer 's 2010 World Cup .
Hours later , the news emerged that Benitez was on the verge of agreeing the terms of his Liverpool exit .
Broughton is also leading the search for new owners to replace Tom Hicks and George Gillett and , while the British Airways chairman expressed confidence on taking up his post at Anfield that a deal could be done by the end of the year , there remain numerous barriers to a quick sale .
Hicks and Gillett committed to a full sale of the club in April as a condition of a refinancing deal with bankers Royal Bank of Scotland .
The club ’s parent company , Kop Holdings , is £ 351 m in debt , with interest payments last year of £ 41 m contributing to a pre-tax loss of £ 55 m .
Become a fan of Goal.com UK's Facebook fan page for all the latest news and insight into everything related to the beautiful game !
As the remaining pool of IP v4 addresses dwindles ( only 623 million are left ! ) , it turns out that the remaining address space is n't exactly beachfront property .
The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) currently has 16 blocks of 16.8 million IP v4 addresses left — out of a total of 221 usable such blocks .
In January , IANA gave the 1.0.0.0/8 block ( all IP addresses starting with " 1 " ) to APNIC , the Asia - Pacific Network Information Centre in Brisbane , Australia , which distributes IP addresses in Asia ( excluding the former USSR ) and Oceania .
It turns out that this block is attracting no less than 150 M bps worth of assorted traffic before getting put into use .
In a talk at the North American Network Operators Group 's 49th meeting in San Francisco earlier this week , research into the seedy back alleys of " 1slash8 " was presented by six researchers from Merit , APNIC , and the University of Michigan .
Merit , a nonprofit that runs the networks linking public universities in Michigan , " announced " the whole 1.0.0.0 block ( packets aimed at addresses in this range from all corners of the Internet were forwarded to Merit ) during the last week of February .
This amounted to 130 - 150 M bps worth of traffic .
For comparison , Merit also announced the 35.0.0.0 / 8 block , which only attracted 15 - 25 M bps of traffic .
Also , the vast majority of the block 1 traffic was UDP , while most of the block 35 traffic was TCP .
What does this mean ?
After analyzing the data , it turned out that both blocks roughly attracted the same amount of scanning and backscatter traffic .
Backscatter is when someone sends a packet with a fake source address .
If the receiver of the packet then replies , the reply goes to the legitimate holder of the faked source address , not the sender or the original packet .
In the 35 block , only 24 percent of the traffic was due to misconfiguration , while in the 1 block this was as much as 80 percent .
And most of that misconfigured traffic went to the lower addresses in the 1 block .
1.1.1.1 , port 15206 took the cake at 34.5 percent of all packets .
It turns out that this traffic is mostly audio data , apparently sent by misconfigured VoIP systems .
In the 35 block , this type of traffic was virtually absent .
Other types of traffic directed at the top 10 addresses in the 1 block can also be attributed to different types of misconfiguration .
Although the scale is surprising , the problem itself is n't new .
For instance , in 2003 , buggy NetGear home gateways effectively performed a distributed denial of service attack on a University of Wisconsin NTP time server , collectively sending as many as a quarter - million packets per second .
Unfortunately , the IP protocol does n't provide a mechanism for a destination to make a source stop sending unwanted packets .
In the case of 1.0.0.0/8 , APNIC has decided to quarantine five blocks of 256 addresses from the 1 block until such time that the excess traffic subsides .
However , there are more hotspots in known and unknown places throughout the address space , and the researchers note that the usual practice of returning an affected block and asking for a new one may not be feasible in the long term .
There is no mention of IPv6 , but at least there the address space is so large and it will be so sparsely populated for years to come that trading in tainted addresses for pristine ones should n't be a problem .
In his 1974 commencement speech at the California Institute of Technology , Nobel laureate physicist Richard P. Feynman articulated the foundation of scientific integrity : “ The first principle is that you must not fool yourself — and you are the easiest person to fool ....
After you ’ve not fooled yourself , it ’s easy not to fool other scientists .
You just have to be honest in a conventional way after that . ”
Unfortunately , says Feynman ’s Caltech colleague David Goodstein in his new book On Fact and Fraud : Cautionary Tales from the Front Lines of Science ( Princeton University Press , 2010 ) , some scientists do try to fool their colleagues , and believing that everyone is conventionally honest may make a person more likely to be duped by deliberate fraud .
Nature may be subtle , but she does not intentionally lie .
People do .
Why some scientists lie is what Goodstein wants to understand .
He begins by debunking myths about science such as : “ A scientist should never be motivated to do science for personal gain , advancement or other rewards . ”
“ Scientists should always be objective and impartial when gathering data . ”
“ Scientists must never believe dogmatically in an idea or use rhetorical exaggeration in promoting it . ”
“ Scientists should never permit their judgments to be affected by authority . ”
These and many other maxims just do not reflect how science works in practice .
Knowing that scientists are highly motivated by status and rewards , that they are no more objective than professionals in other fields , that they can dogmatically defend an idea no less vehemently than ideologues and that they can fall sway to the pull of authority allows us to understand that , in Goodstein ’s assessment , “ injecting falsehoods into the body of science is rarely , if ever , the purpose of those who perpetrate fraud .
They almost always believe that they are injecting a truth into the scientific record . ”
Goodstein should know because his job as the vice provost of Caltech was to investigate allegations of scientific misconduct .
From his investigations Goodstein found three risk factors present in nearly all cases of scientific fraud .
The perpetrators , he writes , “ 1 . Were under career pressure ; 2 . Knew , or thought they knew , what the answer to the problem they were considering would turn out to be if they went to all the trouble of doing the work properly ; and 3 .
Were working in a field where individual experiments are not expected to be precisely reproducible . ”
To detect fraud , we must first define it , and Goodstein does : “ Research misconduct is defined as fabrication , falsification , or plagiarism in proposing , performing , or reviewing research , or in reporting research results . ”
Next there must “ be significant departure from accepted practices of the scientific community . ”
Then , the misconduct must be “ committed intentionally , or knowingly , or in reckless disregard of accepted practices , ” and finally , as in any court of law , the fraud charge must be proved by a preponderance of evidence .
Clear - cut cases of fraud include the twin studies of British psychologist Cyril L. Burt ( who faked so many twins that he had to fabricate additional twin researchers ) , the Sloan - Kettering Institute cancer researcher William Summerlin ’s experiments on inducing healthy black skin grafts on white mice ( which he was caught enhancing with a black felt - tipped pen ) , physicist Victor Ninov ’s alleged discovery of element 118 ( predicted by others so he faked data for its existence ) , and of course the famous Piltdown Man hoax ( which turned out to be the jaw of an orangutan dyed to look old ) .
Other cases are not so clear .
Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons ’s “ discovery ” of cold fusion , Goodstein concludes , was most likely a case of scientists who “ convince themselves that they are in the possession of knowledge that does not in fact exist . ”
This self - deception is distinctly different from deliberate deception .
So some scientists sin , it ’s true .
Given the fiercely competitive nature of research funding and the hardscrabble intensity of scientific status seeking , it is surprising that fraud is n’t more rampant .
The reason that it is so rare ( compared with , say , corruption in politics ) is that science is designed to detect deception ( of one ’s self and others ) through colleague collaboration , graduate student mentoring , peer review , experimental corroboration and results replication .
The general environment of openness and honesty , though mythic in its idealized form , nonetheless exists and in the long run weeds out the cheats and exposes frauds and hoaxes , as history has demonstrated .
Hi Everyone ,
Having been in sales and marketing jobs for many years , and now running an online business , I ’ve noticed many major flaws in the way that online marketers approach selling .
In this post I ’ll be addressing this matter and discussing ways of improving website conversion , so you can make more money from your sites .
The most fundamental aspect of selling , that anyone involved in marketing must understand , is that people do not buy things because of the ‘ features ’ that a product has .
People buy things for what the product can do for them , otherwise known as the ‘ benefits ’ .
I am amazed at the number of websites , articles and videos that I see across the web , where people are trying to make a sale , but they are trying to do so by selling on features .
This is a huge mistake and something that must be avoided .
Just recently I watched a video that someone had created , who was an affiliate of a software product .
The product was great , no doubt about that , but the way the person made the video was not so great .
I watched for 9 mins as he systematically went through every single button and function the tool had .
At the end of the video I was bored , as I really did n’t care “ How ” the product worked , I wanted to know “ What ” the product could do for me .
I was interested in how this product would save me time , improve my efficiency , and ultimately make me more money .
However these vital sales trigger points , were not discussed in the video …. big mistake !!
People want to know how their life will be better , or how they will make more money if they buy your product .
The ‘ means ’ for how your product will do that , is totally irrelevant , and if you focus on this your sales will suffer and improving website conversions will be tough work for you .
Whenever you write any piece of content , whether text or video for your internet marketing campaigns , make sure you list all the benefits that the product has , and be sure to check that they are not features .
Also do not assume that people will be able to work out what the benefits are , this is another HUGE mistake that I see many websites doing .
It is your job to tell the potential customer what these benefits are .
If you do n’t then they probably wo n’t work it out , and you may well miss an opportunity to close the sale .
It ’s easy to slip into selling on features , I often catch myself doing this too , and have to continuously remind myself that benefits sell and not features , and something do on all my affiliate marketing sites .
It does n’t matter if you are selling as an affiliate or the product owner yourself , the same principles apply .
The only difference is that as the affiliate you should be more subtle , and discuss the benefits , but in an unbiased way , as you need to build trust with the reader too .
The Hook
Another important aspect of selling online , whether text or video , is to make sure you provide a hook for the visitor to want to keep reading .
The most obvious way is a benefits loaded headline .
Also make sure that the first thing the visitor reads or hears , are strong benefits , otherwise they will lose interest and leave you site fast !
Call to Action
Although you might think the action you want a visitor to take once they have read your content or watched your video is obvious , it is often not , and this is another major pitfall that I see far to often .
You must make it very clear and tell the visitor what they now need to do .
If you have a video on your site , that is selling a product , at the end of the video you need to have a strong close .
For example you might say “ All you need to do is now is put your name and email in the box below and you will immediately get access to XZY so you can start ….
LIST BENEFITS !
One more important thing , is to make sure you know what the benefits are for a potential buyer .
If you ’re not the target market for the product you are promoting , then do n’t make the vital mistake of assuming that you know .
Go to forums where the target market hang out and do your research .
The same principles apply to email marketing , and this is another place that I see people forgetting that benefits are the triggers for people .
If you want good open rates with your emails , then make sure the title of the email is loaded with benefits .
You then want to continue in this manner in the email itself .
My closing thoughts are this , remember to sell on benefits , however just because you are selling on benefits does n’t mean you need to be the pushy sales person .
You can sell benefits in a subtle yet powerful manner .
If you do this , you ’ll make more money ( benefit ) and improving website conversion rates will be easy .
That ’s all from me , happy benefits selling !
Matt Carter
PRINCETON , NJ --
In the past two years , Americans have become increasingly likely to describe the Democratic Party 's views as " too liberal " ( 49 % ) , and less likely to say its views are " about right " ( 38 % ) .
Americans ' views of the Republican Party , on the other hand , have moderated slightly , with a dip in the percentage saying the GOP is too conservative from 43 % last year to 40 % today , and an increase in the percentage saying it is about right , from 34 % to 41 % .
The recent increase in perceptions of the Democratic Party as too liberal could be a response to the expansion in government spending since President Barack Obama took office , most notably regarding the economic stimulus and healthcare legislation .
The 49 % of Americans who now believe the Democratic Party 's views are too liberal is one percentage point below the 50 % Gallup measured after the 1994 elections , the all - time high in the trend question first asked in 1992 .
Since February 2008 , the percentage calling the Democratic Party " too liberal " has increased by 12 points among independents and 8 points among Republicans , with little change among Democrats .
While significantly more Americans now view the Democratic Party as " too liberal " than " about right , " the net result of the changes in Americans ' perceptions of the Republican Party is that now about as many Americans say the GOP is " about right " as say it is " too conservative . "
Even so , the percentage saying the Republican Party is too conservative remains near the upper range of what Gallup has measured since 1992 .
Bottom Line
In their efforts to attract widespread voter support in general elections , parties and their candidates generally want to avoid being perceived as too ideologically extreme .
Indeed , a common strategy in U.S. electoral politics is for Republican candidates to try to paint their Democratic opponents as too far left , and Democratic candidates to try to convince voters that their Republican opponents are too far right .
Currently , by 49 % to 40 % , more Americans perceive the Democratic Party as too liberal than say the Republican Party is too conservative , giving the Republicans an advantage in an important election year .
With Election
Day more than four months away , however , the Democratic Party has an opportunity in the 2010 campaign to try to alter voters ' perceptions of the party 's ideology .
American stocks and bond yields fell sharply as concerns mounted that the economy might be in for a slowdown .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 2.6 % back below 10000 on slumping U.S. consumer confidence , the downward revision of a Chinese economic indicator and worries about the health of Europe 's banks .
Yields on 10 - year Treasury notes fell below 3 % to their lowest level since April 2009 , a sign investors were seeking out safe investments .
The ...
POSICIÓN .
El ministro José Ramón Cossío ( centro ) elaboró el proyecto de sentencia y asegura que la norma debe prevalecer y debe ser de aplicación obligatoria para todas las entidades del país .
( Foto : Archivo EL UNIVERSAL )
Ministros inician hoy la revisión de la norma que fue impugnada mediante un juicio de controversia constitucional por el gobernador de Jalisco Emilio González
The problem of using science to determine whether or not violent video games like Grand Theft Auto do harm to our children is neatly summed up in one article on Scientific American - there 's always good news and bad news .
Advertisement
In an article titled " Grand Theft Auto Is Good for You ?
Not So Fast ... , " Scientific American 's Dara Greenwood takes apart a recently published paper from Grand Theft Auto co-author Dr. Cheryl K. Olson , addressing each point with research from other scientists that conflicts with her findings .
Olson 's paper , " Children 's Motivations for Video Game Play in the Context of Normal Development , " explores the role video games play in the development of today 's children .
She claims the question of whether or not they should play is now moot ; now we must deal with the effects .
The debate has moved from whether children should play video games to how to maximize potential benefits and to identify and minimize potential harms .
To do this , we must understand what motivates children to play electronic games and what needs the games meet .
Advertisement
In the process of writing the paper , Olson surveyed 1,254 boys and girls in seventh and eighth grade , asking them what motivates them to play video games .
Here are the results :
The most popular game series among surveyed boys and one of the most popular with girls ?
Grand Theft Auto , of course .
The appeal of violent games can't be denied , though according to Olson , it can be explained .
" When we asked preteen boys whether violence makes a video game more fun , some agreed that they enjoyed games featuring over - the - top violence " that you can't do in real life . "
But some also noted that violent games were more likely to include action , challenge , and options .
It is interesting that multiple regression analyses of our survey data from seventh and eighth grade youth did not find a relationship between trait anger or aggressive personality and greater use of Mature - rated games . "
Advertisement
Overall , Olson 's latest paper focuses on the positive aspects of video game violence .
She cites the example of one young player who creatively solved the problem of finding taxi passengers in Grand Theft Auto by running them over first .
See ?
It encourages problem solving .
A win for the ' violent video games do n't harm our children ' column , right ?
Not so , says Greenwood .
As much research as Olson can dig up about the positive aspects of violent games , Greenwood finds equal evidence that violent games are harmful .
Why dig ?
Greenwood says :
As laudable as it is to debunk negative stereotypes about non-violent game play , it is less laudable to gloss over the negative effects of violent video games .
Olson 's rosy spin on violent video games positions her on one side of a heated academic debate with staggering stakes in policy and industry .
Advertisement
There are two sides to this debate .
More importantly , there are different groups craving different outcomes of this research , and when you 're dealing with something as mysterious as the mind of a child , it 's all too easy to sway findings in one direction or another .
Greenwood cites various reports over the years that have leaned towards video games doing more harm than good .
From a 2001 study that found violent games increase aggressive behavior and decreases prosocial behavior , to a 2008 study that showed people who had just played a violent video game were less likely to react to a violent situation than those who had played a non-violent game .
Advertisement
There are too many factors .
Too many variables .
This is a fight no one can win .
The human mind is a complex machine , and just because we understand one of them does n't mean we understand all of them .
It 's nice to think that a scientific survey could produce exact results and end this debate once and for all , but it 's just not possible .
Greenwood ends the article with her opinion on how to put an end to the violent games debate once and for all : get rid of them .
No media psychologists worth their salt would conclude that violent video games will turn your children into gun-toting sociopaths .
Instead , violent media may affect us in countless subtle ways , increasing hostility and apathy to those around us .
Rather than straining to rehabilitate an antisocial genre , why not go in search of non-violent but equally exciting , challenging , and enjoyable games ?
Let the multi-billion dollar gaming industry respond to social pressure and create non-sexist , non-racist , non-violent games that confer as many developmental benefits as violent games apparently do .
Advertisement
Is genre - cide the answer ?
Grand Theft Auto Is Good for You ?
Not So Fast ... [ Scientific American - Thanks Aaron ! ]
6 of 11
6. Dremel Trio///$ 100
We can't think of many tools that cut wood , drywall , acoustic and ceramic tile , plastic laminate , light - gauge sheet steel and aluminum .
Add in the capability to sand and shape those surfaces , and we can't think of another one at all .
But as Dremel reps at NHS demonstrated , using elaborate boxes fitted with each of the materials mentioned above , their new Trio has the versatility to do it all .
The tool uses specially designed rotary bits that cut and bore at the same time .
Switch those out and you can also chuck a sanding drum or a small 3/16 - inch router bit ( only Dremel - branded , Trio - specific accessories will work , though ) .
The finishing touch is a pivoting handle that permits two ways to hold the tool : straight on or at a 90 - degree angle .
Image caption Ninety - six radio antennae have been installed at the Chilbolton Observatory
A major UK - built radio telescope has been launched in Hampshire to help astronomers detect when the first stars in the universe were formed .
The European Low Frequency Array ( Lofar ) telescope involves 96 radio antennae erected in a field at the Chilbolton Observatory near Andover .
The telescope , which works on a low FM frequency , will collect data to help astronomers with their research .
A further 5,000 antennae are set to be positioned across Europe .
The main project is based in the Netherlands .
Some antennae have already been installed their and in Germany , and more are planned in France , Sweden and Poland .
' Super- computer '
The project , which has included contributions from scientists at universities in Portsmouth , Southampton and Oxford , will combine the signals received from the antennae to make images of the sky , using a " super- computer " based in the Netherlands .
Professor Bob Nichol , of the University of Portsmouth 's Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation , said : " The Lofar telescope will produce an enormous volume of data which will enable a significant amount of science , from monitoring the sun 's activity or ' space weather ' to potentially searching for alien intelligence .
" Maybe we can answer the age - old question ' Are we alone ? ' . "
Professor Rob Fender , of the University of Southampton and principal investigator of the Lofar - UK project , said : " Lofar is immensely complex because of the huge amounts of radio data that these antennae produce . "
Image 1 of 18 Alphonse N'Tcha M'Po - " The Lion of Parakou " ( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 2 of 18 Batavus Champion - a fancy ride by Beninese standards ( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 3 of 18 Rapid - fire MTB shifters are cleverly positioned on Alphonse 's road rig .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 4 of 18 Abou - your cheerful neighborhood bike mechanic .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 5 of 18 Shortly after this photo was taken , a freight train rumbled through the market , delivering granite for construction projects .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 6 of 18 Take your pick - Zongo offers hundreds of bikes , conveniently sorted by size .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 7 of 18 The bicycle workshop at the Zongo Market .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 8 of 18 The Zongo Market in Cotonou offers a wide selection of tires and tubes .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 9 of 18 Batavus Champion - the perfect ride for a former pro turned hippy volunteer riding with African village racers .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 10 of 18 The Selle Royal has been reupholstered locally .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 11 of 18 42/52 tooth chain rings : just the right gearing for drafting cotton trucks .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 12 of 18 Chronic flat tires - one of the disadvantages of second - hand tubes .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 13 of 18 Altenburger Concord brakes keep the speed under control .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 14 of 18 Friction shifters : infinitely adjustable .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 15 of 18 Lightweight aluminum brake levers with vintage blue cable housing to match the Batavus paintjob .
The external cable routing makes riding on the hoods a little tricky .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 16 of 18 A Sachs Huret derailleur shifts effortlessly over the 7 - speed 12 - 23 cassette .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 17 of 18 The Batavus lions , and a creepy vagabond ogre ?
( Image credit : Christoph Herby ) Image 18 of 18 Yes , that reads " semi- lightweight " frame and fork .
A modest proclamation .
( Image credit : Christoph Herby )
I used to be one of them ... you know the type .
Heck , you might be the type : I read Cyclingnews each morning with my deep mug of premium organic coffee before setting off on my sexy titanium racing machine .
I dreamed in watts , kilocalories , and beats per minute .
I paid $ 15 extra for the Italian bottle cages that were 10g lighter .
I took the stickers off my carbon rims .
I did it all , folks … and just look at me now :
I read Kerouac on my porch after mixing powdered coffee into evaporated milk ( the label proclaims " Fat - Full ! " ) .
I hit the road at 6:30 am to take advantage of the quiet moments on the pavement before overloaded cotton trucks and bush taxis converge on our kamikaze highway .
I ride a Batavus chromoly frame , made in Holland circa 1970 .
My rig features 7 - speed downtube shifters , Sachs components , and simple aluminum handlebars with ragged white tape ( traditional bend , like Lance Armstrong ) .
It gets the job done ; I 'm starting to get pretty quick again .
Just one complaint : the 170 mm crankarms are a little short for my gangly legs .
My svelte rig , lent to me by the old - timers of the Beninese Cycling Federation , is the envy of my training partners .
I ride with a wiry bunch of boys who 've somehow discovered bicycle racing at a time when football - crazy Africa prepares to host the World Cup .
We 're quite a sight rolling down the highway in a paceline of scavenged parts and clothing .
Alphonse , Ousseni , and the rest of the boys display a knack for piecing together road bikes from miscellaneous components .
Alphonse rides an aluminum Giant touring bike with rapidfire MTB shifters mounted in the bend of his handlebar .
I 'm surprised how convenient it is to shift those suckers from the drops .
Alphonse can really throw down on his fat touring tires – I fear the day we get that boy on skinny racing slicks .
He 's awfully intimidating in his stretched black one - piece .
Most road bikes in the country come from the bicycle market in Cotonou , the national capital .
There you 'll find hundreds of used bicycles and piles of tires and components .
Virtually everything has been donated or otherwise scavenged from Europe .
Somehow this stuff finds its way onto cargo ships that deliver containers of used merchandise at the port .
From there , traders sort through the stuff and select whatever fits their niche .
The bicycle vendors deal by the railroad tracks in the Zongo neighborhood .
Rows of bikes line the tracks as Abou the mechanic swaps components to piece together as many working velos as possible .
Road bikes are hot items because of their scarcity and popularity with city folks .
Most of the bicycles sell for around 20,000 CFA ( ~$ 40 ) but skinny tires and curved handlebars double the cost of a rig .
I explored the market looking for fresh rubber for my Batavus .
I found a pile of tires and tubes that looked promising , but shopping at the Zongo market is far more complex than visiting your local pro shop : every item has a catch .
Most of what ends up here was donated or scavenged , so each piece has some kind of flaw .
Perhaps the tires are already worn down to the threads , or there 's a hidden gash in the sidewall .
I eventually found two Schwalbe tires with just a few small nicks and cuts that could be patched from the inside .
I also bought two used skinny tubes for 1,000 CFA each ( ~ $ 2 ) .
The catch : each tube already has a half dozen holes .
Road parts are so scarce that they can sell raggedy tubes for twice the price of a new normal tube .
After my last couple articles , several generous folks contacted me about donating equipment to the Beninese team .
Thank you !
I write these articles to highlight the determination of the athletes , not to solicit pity or charity .
However , these guys do need reliable equipment .
If you would like to donate something , it will be put to good use .
Whether it's a whole bike , those tacky neon shorts you 're embarrassed to wear on the group ride , or used handlebar tape , your stuff will find a whole new life .
Unfortunately , like the Zongo market , there 's a catch here : the team lacks financing to ship equipment from abroad .
So , if you decide to donate something your generosity will also need to cover the cost of shipping .
The President of the Cycling Federation has made arrangements with the Ministry of Sports so that donations can arrive without taxes or bribes .
Contact me through my website if you 'd like to send something over .
www.QuietGriot.com
Alphonse had n't ridden on pavement until he moved to Parakou for school .
He 's crazy about cycling .
He 's heard talk of a big race in France every July , and he 's pretty sure he can win that race if he keeps training .
Perhaps he will .
You read it here first : Alphonse N'Tcha M'Po is dreaming of the Champs Elysée .
" It 's also a terrific boost for my database as it puts me on an international platform and I have already been offered chances to give lectures in Brazil and Denmark . "
IFPI Sends DMCA Notice To Google Demanding It Stop Linking To The Pirate Bay ...
Entirely
from the here - comes - the - lawsuit dept
In light of the serious violations of copyright facilitated by The Pirate Bay service , and in accordance with Google 's policies ( see http://www.google.com/dmca.html andhttps://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?answer=58&ctx=sibling) we are asking for your immediate assistance in removing from your index , or otherwise disabling access to via your search engine , URLs linking to the website for The Pirate Bay including but not limited to the URLs specified in the attachment to this notice .
Our use of a notice in this form , as required by Google , is meant to facilitate Google 's removal of search results linking directly to infringing web pages and we neither admit nor accept that Google is a ' service provider ' for the purposes of the DMCA or that it is necessary to serve , or that Google is entitled to be served , a notice in compliance with the DMCA .
IFPI itself and on behalf of the IFPI Represented Companies expressly reserves all rights in this regard .
Please note that we do not admit that we or the IFPI Represented Companies are responsible for detecting infringing material and notifying you of it .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We just wrote about a DMCA takedown notice from BPI to Google that appeared to be setting Google up for a future lawsuit , and now it looks like the IFPI , of which BPI is a part , is going even further .
TorrentFreak , following up on our post about BPI , noticed an even more direct takedown notice from the IFPI demanding that Google block any link to The Pirate Bay .
Yup .
They are directly asking for a blanket ban , which clearly goes way beyond what the DMCA was intended for or allows .
But , of course , the real goal here is to set up Google for a lawsuit , which IFPI makes clear later in its letter :
Nice trick here , right ?
So even if the courts decide ( say as in the Viacom case ) that Google needs to have direct knowledge of what 's infringing , the IFPI wants to reserve the ability to claim in court that Google is n't even a service provider and does n't fall under the DMCA 's safe harbors .
Of course , Google has dozens of judicial decisions on its side , but why should that stop the IFPI .
Then there 's my favorite line of all : Yup .
The IFPI is blatantly coming out and saying that it does n't believe it needs to figure out what 's infringing and what 's not -- that 's what Google has to do .
Of course , there is nothing in the actual law or in the case law that supports this position .
It just looks like the IFPI is taking a flier and seeing if it can drastically overreach on the DMCA and get Google to stop linking to the entire Pirate Bay ( something that Facebook has already done ) , and if Google ( hopefully ) refuses , then it seems likely to file a lawsuit .
Filed Under : copyright , dmca , linking
Companies : bpi , google , ifpi , the pirate bay
One of the essential things that everyone values in life is knowing that they belong to a particular community .
When we talk of a community , this does not necessarily mean a village or a clan .
In this case , a community is a group of people who come together , associate in several ways and also rely on each other in one way or another .
For this reason , the culture of belonging makes people feel as if they are loved , wanted , have meaning and purposes in their lives .
This is why you need to make sure that you have created the culture of belonging in the environment or community that you feel part of .
On the other hand , if the culture of belonging is not there , the people involved will feel the absence of love , they will hate themselves and tend to think that their lives are meaningless .
In case you talk to people who feel as if they do not belong anywhere , they will tell you that it is tough for them to survive in that kind of condition .
It is also very easy for this person to come up with ideas that will eliminate them in those communities that they are unwanted .
This is why you will hear cases of people who are committing suicide .
Since all these things can be avoided , each person must try to create the culture and sense of belonging in their communities , places of work and other places .
There are so many ways in which you can create a culture of belonging within the different communities .
The following are some essential ways that will help you in creating a culture of belonging .
1 . Have mentorship programs
One of how you can create the culture of belonging is by having the mentorship programs in your communities .
In the mentorship programs , make sure that you discuss the issues that may be common to all the people that are attending the mentorship program .
You can also come up with groups that will discuss several topics together as the program is in progress .
This makes people feel that they are not the only people facing problems .
During the discussion , everyone will find their purpose in the group as they contribute points to the different topics .
This will create the culture of belonging in these groups and then entirely in the community .
2 . Come up with social groups
The other way in which you can create the culture of belonging is by coming up with social groups .
The social groups can be meant for discussing matters that are affecting you in the community , and also sharing ideas .
When you form the group , ensure that you do not have leaders in one group and others in the other groups .
Having the leaders in all the groups will make the group members feel a sense of belonging in the community , unlike when leaders are in the same group .
3 . Coming up with the same vision and goals
When everyone in the community has the same vision or goal , people will feel that they are part of the community .
For this reason , they will work together to make sure that they achieve their vision and goals not alone but as part of a specific community .
In case you care about the people that you live with , you should make sure that they live in a community where they are loved and are counted as part of the community .
This will make them know that they are worthy .
By Johnny Chung Lee
( click to enlarge )
Why build a cheap steadycam ?
Steadycams ( or camera stabilizers and working with Voy Media ) are attachments used to capture smooth looking video even when the camera and camera operator are in motion .
The camera operator may walk ( or even jog ) , move through tight hallways and doorways , and even climb up and down stairs without shaking the camera .
Unfortunately , professional steadycams cost around $ 1500 .
Even the cheap 3rd party ones cost $ 600 + .
Not exactly a bargain considering many of us use cameras in that price range .
So , I decided to make my own version .
It turns out , it only costs $ 14 .
Not too bad .
And I 'll show you how to build your own right here ( or you can buy a ready - to - use steadycam from me through this website [ littlegreatideas.com ] ) .
Whether you are an aspiring filmmaker , a videographer , the family documentarian , or just want more utility out of your video camera , you 'll appreciate a steadycam .
If you know what you are doing , you can probably build one of these in about 20 minutes .
It might take you an hour if you have to read this web page while you do it and are n't very good with tools .
This steadycam design works with anything that has a tripod mount and should be fine with cameras that weigh less than 5 pounds .
For heavier cameras , I would recommend building a large sled for better support and easier mounting or considering adding a professional tripod head .
If you make it out of steel or iron as I recommend , you will have to worry more about the solidity of your camera than the solidity of the steadycam .
But before we begin , I should warn you that improper or irresponsible use of a steadycam can quickly result in damage to your equipment and / or injury to yourself and others .
Tools
The main tools you 'll need to get your hands on are a drill and a stationary vise .
It 's possible to do it without the vise , but it 's far more difficult and potentially dangerous .
You can buy a vise for about $ 15 from Home Depot or Lowes and it's well worth the money if you are going to do any future projects .
It 's meant to be table mounted , but I just bolted it to a big board that I can stand on while I use it .
Mounting it is important .
I tried doing this once without mounting it ( did n't have spare board at the time ) .
It was a p - a - i-n .
You 'll need drill and a 1/ 4 " drill bit that can go into galvanized steel .
So , cheap wood bits will probably not survive this project .
This happens to be a very nice drill in this picture , but any power drill will do .
You also need a wrench , screwdriver ( type depends on the bolts you get ) , and a hammer .
I had a little combo thingy I got from the dollar store .
It actually works pretty well because the wrench part is a little bit clawed , so it grips pipes really nicely .
Parts
Pipes
First you 'll need three pipes .
I like to use 1/2 " galvanized steel or black iron .
It 's strong , threaded at the ends , and a comfortable thickness .
You can use any length pipes you like , but this project uses three 10 " pipes ( about $ 1.50 each ) .
End caps
You 'll also need three end caps .
You can get away with just two , but the last one is used to cover up those nasty sharp threads on the end of the pipes .
I 've gotten cuts while building these things by accidentally grabbing the threads too hard .
These are about 80 cents a piece .
Make sure they fit the pipes , 1/2 " diameter .
Tee
Basic T - joint .
Again , make sure it fits the pipes .
If your standard hardware store does n't have this , you can try a plumbing store .
About $ 1.30 .
Weight
This is just a simple barbell weight from a sports store .
The one shown in the picture is 2.5 pounds , but you can buy any weight you want .
But , anything heavier than 5 pounds starts getting too heavy to carry around .
Get a weight that has a 1 " diameter hole .
These are about $ 3 .
Other small parts
Here 's a break down of what you 'll need :
A - two 1 - 1/2 " 1/4 " machine bolts
B - one 1/4 " wing nut
C - three 1 - 1/2 " diameter flange washers for 1/4 " bolts
D - three lock washers for 1 /4 " bolts .
E - two 1/4 " machine nuts .
All these together costs about two dollars .
You sometimes can find these for really cheap at a specialty hardware store .
General hardware stores tend to charge a lot for the specialty washers and nuts .
Total Cost : 3 x $ 1.50 + 3 x $ 0.80 + $ 1.50 + $ 2.00 + $ 3.00 = $ 13.40 ( yours will vary )
There you go .
Ca n't get much cheaper than that !
Assembling the Handle
This first step is pretty easy .
Just attach the tee and end cap to one of the pipes to form a basic handle .
Feel free to tighten these parts together as much as you like .
I recommend using the vise and a wrench .
Do n't use your hands , you 'll just hurt yourself and not get it tight enough .
Drilling the End Caps
Put one of the end caps in the vise as shown .
Then drill a 1/ 4 " hole in the center of the cap .
It 's does n't have to be perfectly in the center , but the closer the better .
You really want to use the vise because you 're drilling through a quarter inch of galvanized steel .
It 's enough to bring weak drills to a dead stop and will definitely do a number on your hand if you just try to hold it .
Not mention it can get hot .
Protective eyeware such as safety goggles should AWLAYS be used when using any powertool !
Also little bit of machine oil ( or even vegetable oil ) can make this easier as well as preserve your drill bit .
I like using a slow speed because when the bit comes out the other side it'll jerk from grabbing onto the metal .
It 's far more pleasant to have a slow jerk than to have the drill suddenly fly out of your hand .
Do this in a place that 's easy to clean up .
You 'll make lots of metal shards .
Outside is where I did it .
And do n't use you fingers to wipe away the shreds !!!
They 'll get in your skin .
Use a brush , or blow the shards away .
Do this for two end caps .
The Camera Mount
The mounting requires the parts in the picture on the left .
Bolt , two lock washers , flange washer , nut , wing nut , and a drilled end cap .
Put a lock washer on the bolt and the put it through the end cap with the bottom of the bolt coming out of the top of the outside of the end cap like in the middle picture .
Put another lock washer on and then the nut .
Put the end cap in the vise and tighten with a wrench .
The lock washer will keep the bolt from turning .
You 'll want to make this really tight because this is where your camera attaches .
You want it tight not because it 'll fall off or anything , but because putting the camera on and taking it off requires lots of turning action .
If it loosens , the bolt will pivot around as will your camera making hard it to keep still .
If this happens while you 're filming , you 'll have to stop and find a wrench .
This schematic view may be a little clearer than the pictures .
Use a hammer to dent the center of the flange washer .
You can do this by putting the washer across the hole of the weight , putting the head of the bolt on the hole , and hammer the bolt .
You want to have the center area of the washer higher than the rim .
So when you attached the mount to the camera , as shown in the right picture , the rim of the washer pushes up against the area around the bolt .
This washer will distribute the force away from the single point of contact .
So , the wider the washer the better .
If you do n't use the washer , the camera will shake a lot right at this connection as well as putting a great deal of stress on this one tiny spot that could damage your camera .
So if you lose this washer , I do n't recommend using this steady cam without it .
Use your fingers to tighten the wing nut on the mounting .
DO NOT use a wrench .
You may risk stripping the threads on your camera or breaking the tripod mount .
Both are equally bad .
The Counter Weight
You 'll need the barbell weight and the parts shown in the pictures below .
They 'll go together in the pattern shown in the next picture .
The bolt goes through two washers that sandwich the weight .
Then stick on the end cap , put on the lock washer , and then finally the nut .
Hand tighten the parts until they are snug .
This schematic view may be a little clearer than the pictures .
The lock washer deep inside the end cap will keep a grip on the nut .
So , you do n't have to stick pliers down there to turn it .
Just turn the cap .
Stick the cap in the vise shown on the bottom left .
Then you can use the screwdriver to tighten the bolt , or just grab the weight and turn it .
The weight should turn the bolt , and the vise will keep the cap from turning .
I like to tighten it until the outer washer starts to bend inwards .
This reduces the amount the bolt sticks out - good for when you want to put it down on the base .
If you do use the base as stand ( not highly recommended because it 's easy to knock over ) , you can buy rounded bolts and little rubber feet .
These will make a much nicer base that wo n't wobble .
You can tell I like to do this and I say it easy to knock over from experience .
My camera still seems to work okay , though .
All Together Now ...
Lastly , take the remaining two pipes , screw them into the T joint of the handle , and attached the base and the mounting .
And your done !
You can tighten these parts as much as you 'd like .
Either give them a good hand tightening or the full fledged vise and wrench tightening .
The only reason not to do the vise - wrench tighten is if you want to be able to collapse this or swap components .
You can vary the pipe lengths and barbell weight however you like .
I would probably refer to this combination as the sport model .
Mostly because it 's balance point ( with camera ) is near the T - joint and can be spun around by the handle pretty well .
It 's really agile .
Longer bars and heavier weights change the handling .
When you store it without the camera , the mounting washer is left hanging on the end .
I recommend taking off the wing nut , putting on the washer , and then screwing the wing nut back on .
That will help keep it from getting lost .
Using Your Steadycam
The side handle is used to stabilize side - to - side rocking .
The vertical shaking is pretty much dampened by the weight .
You may hold it however you 'd like .
The way I like holding it is shown in the picture .
How you use it is 80 % of the smoothness .
This even is true for the professional stuff with all the fancy shocks and hydraulics .
Do n't expect this thing to perform miracles , you have to practice using your arms and body to create a smooth motion .
Watch your hands while you walk , and see how level you can keep them relative to the ground .
Watching the shadow of your hands on a sunny say is an easy way to isolate thier movement .
Keep your legs bent and learn how to " glide " .
I talked with someone who has used professional steady - cams and they said this was , " really , just as good . "
Getting good results is not so much about the equipment , but how you use it .
That 's really true about everything .
WARNING : Improper or irresponsible use of a steadycam can quickly result in the destruction of your equipment and / or injury to yourself and others .
Be careful , watch where you are going , pay attention to where you are swinging your camera , and just try not to do anything stupid for your own sake .
Here is some example footage of the steadycam in use .
These are for educational and demonstration purposes only .
If you really enjoy the music used in these clips , I encourage you to support the artists by purchasing thier recordings .
NOTE : These samples , as well as all of my own films , were captured with a $ 300 Sony Digital 8 Camcorder ( the cheapest digital camcorder you can buy ) .
Sprinting down a hallway with camera about 3 - 6 inches from the ground .
Uses the inverting bracket to position the camera near the ground .
The vertical motion is clean , even around the turn and up the ramp .
There is a little side - to - side motion because I was only using one hand and not using the side handle .
I did this run cold without any practice .
You should really practice a scene a few times and get used to what you 'll have to do before you try to record it .
Squash player practicing .
The reason she is hitting softly is because she would probably kill me otherwise . :)
Lots of circular panning around a moving subject .
Uses inverting bracket to dramatize viewing angle .
Music Credit :
YoYo Ma
Tracking fast moving / running subjects playing soccer .
This involves running along side and around a soccer player during practice .
The steadycam and the inverting bracket are the only pieces of equipment used .
Also demonstrates some of the dangers of field recording in active environments .
Music Credit :
Squirrel Nut Zippers
Tracking a subject walking through various environments .
Fairly complex camera control , some not acheivable with many commerical stablizers .
Rising from ground level to shoulder level while in motion , steep camera pitching , stair navigation , circular panning around subject while ascending a stairwell .
Music Credit :
Take Care of My Cat Soundtrack
A two camera view of a hallway walk through scene at a radio station .
The top view is from a camera using a Poor Man 's Steadycam .
The bottom view is an observer camera watching me use the steadycam .
The bottom camera is partially stabilized using a tripod with its legs folded together .
You can see the difference in quality of stabilization , particularly in the stationary moments and the tripod also makes a " clacking " sound you can hear in the recording when we move .
This is from the loose legs hitting each other .
Tripods can help a little to stabilize moving shots , but they have a lot of shortcomings .
These are some additional things you might want to consider making because they make the steady cam more versatile .
Click on the images to enlarge .
Image caption
Most stars are formed in stellar clusters like this one
Using the Hubble Space Telescope , astronomers have managed to measure the motion of stars in a stellar cluster .
Most stars are formed in these clusters , and this particular one , in the nebula NGC 3603 , is one of the largest and most dense in the Milky Way .
The scientists discovered that stars in the cluster were not moving in the way they anticipated .
The discovery sheds new light how these stellar nurseries evolve and disperse .
Boyke Rochau from the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Heidelberg , Germany , who led the research , explained that the cluster contained thousands of stars with masses between a tenth of the mass and 120 times the mass of our Sun .
He said that he and his colleagues sought to track their movement , " to look at the dynamic evolution of these important objects and see how long clusters survive " .
Mr Rochau explained the " extraordinary precision " of Hubble allowed them to do this .
Image caption
The cluster is one of the most massive and dense in the Milky Way
" We were also able to study two images of the cluster that were captured [ by Hubble ] a decade apart , " he explained .
Using these images , taken in 1997 and 2007 , the scientists measured the precise speeds of more than 800 stars .
These measurements revealed that the cluster had not yet " settled down " as the team had expected .
" When the cluster reaches equilibrium , we would expect that the lower mass stars move [ faster ] than the higher mass stars , but this was n't the case , " Mr Rochau explained to BBC News .
This , he suggested , is because the conditions in the cluster still reflect those from the time it was formed , approximately one million years ago .
The researchers hope that by monitoring such objects for an even longer period of time , they will be able to provide new clues about how clusters eventually " dissolve " into galaxies .
FALLS CHURCH , VA — Real estate agent Linda Vandermood was moved to the depths of her being Tuesday by the lyrics of James Blunt 's adult contemporary single " You Are Sensitive , " a keening ballad of unrequited yearning Blunt wrote on the back of a take - away food container and recorded for the purposes of contractual obligation .
" God , I get goose bumps every time he sings , ' But something in this frozen world denies me your arms , your heart , your touch , ' " Vandermood said of the lyrics Blunt came up with while on his Ibiza , Spain toilet .
" When that comes on my iPod , it 's all I can do to keep myself from crying .
I 've never heard anything so beautiful in all my life . "
The appreciation of Vandermood and several million other listeners for Blunt 's tossed - off lyrics had netted the singer - songwriter $ 11 million as of Monday .
Advertisement
Missing the deficit opportunity
" Spend now , while the economy remains depressed ; save later , once it has recovered , " writes Paul Krugman .
" How hard is that to understand ? "
I think we can be even more specific than that .
The rate on 10 - year treasuries is about 3.42 percent right now , which is extremely low .
That means two things :
First , it 's uncommonly cheap for the government to borrow money right now .
Second , the market is not that concerned about our deficit right now .
We 're in this enviable situation because America is considered stable and other economies and investments are considered less stable
The rate on our treasuries will rise at some point .
It might even change " on a dime , " as people like to say .
It 'll be that change that forces us to do long - term deficit reduction .
In the absence of that external pressure , we 're not going to do any serious deficit reduction ( at least , not outside what we passed in health - care reform ) .
Let 's be honest about that with ourselves .
So what we 're left with is a space between now and when interest rates begin to rise .
That space is defined by a weak economy with low growth , high unemployment and cheap rates for the government to borrow money .
We should use this period before the markets turn on us to borrow money at low rates in order to get our economy back on its feet and make what long - term investments we feel like we want to make ( retrofitting schools , for example ) .
When the global economy begins to recover and interest rates rise to , say , a still - low 5 percent , we can pull back on the stimulus and begin deficit reduction .
This is the benefit of being the superpower : America 's economic status drives our borrowing costs down when the rest of the world faces an unstable economy .
The pity is that we 're likely to squander it , and for nothing .
If we do too little now to deal with unemployment and anemic growth , we 'll have to do more later when borrowing is expensive and when we need to be doing deficit reduction .
I 'd imagine that lots of businesses would love the chance to borrow at a rate much lower than their competitors at a moment when they really needed to spend , but we seem to prefer to argue about how aggressive we should be in not taking the opportunity .
Did Hezbollah Kill Hariri ?
The murder of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri on Feb. 14 , 2005 , caused a political earthquake in Lebanon and ignited several years of violence and government deadlock .
Although the Lebanese have recently enjoyed a period of relative political calm and economic stability , aftershocks of the Hariri assassination now once again threaten to plunge the country back into turmoil .
The trigger for renewed conflict is mounting speculation that the powerful Shiite militant movement Hezbollah might have had a role in the former premier ’s death .
According to numerous press reports in Lebanon , citing sources close to the investigation , an international tribunal investigating the plot has discovered evidence linking members of Hezbollah to the assassination .
On Wednesday , Hezbollah Secretary - General Hassan Nasrallah attempted to stamp out the growing speculation by confirming that the tribunal had questioned 12 individuals connected to the party as " witnesses , not suspects , " adding that another six people could be summoned for questioning .
He claimed that allegations were intended to weaken the " resistance , " a term used for the party ’s formidable military apparatus .
" We have been a target for years , " he said .
" Destroying Hezbollah is a dream .
The objective is to distort Hezbollah ’s image and pressure and intimidate the party . "
A United Nations - led investigation initially linked Syria to the assassination , though Damascus has always denied involvement .
The shift in the investigation ’s direction toward Hezbollah does not mean that Syria is off the hook , argue several Western officials and diplomats who have received briefings on aspects of the tribunal ’s findings .
But , they add , it suggests that the tribunal is having difficulty in uncovering hard evidence that could be used to indict senior Syrian figures .
One of the officials said that the tribunal ’s intention in pursuing Hezbollah was to " shake the tree " and see what other leads emerge .
Hezbollah ’s lack of motive makes it unlikely that the party would have acted on its own initiative in killing Hariri .
True , Nasrallah and Hariri were poles apart politically — the latter envisioned a Lebanon newly recovered from the 1975 - 1990 civil war playing a role as financial and tourist entrepôt for the Middle East .
Nasrallah , on the other hand , saw Lebanon chiefly as the front - line bulwark against Israel and the expansion of U.S. influence in the region .
The two men grew close in the last months of Hariri ’s life , holding a series of secret meetings in Nasrallah ’s heavily guarded home , beginning in June 2004 .
Snacking on coffee and fruit , they discussed weighty regional affairs such as the Iraq war , the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , and their shared fears of Sunni - Shiite strife .
Mustafa Nasr , Hariri ’s advisor for Shiite affairs , who attended the meetings , told me in 2005 that the two men had a genuine rapport and shared much in common on a personal level , even if their visions for Lebanon remained different .
Given the lack of motive , it has been mooted that elements within Hezbollah might have cooperated in the planning of the assassination with an external power , presumably Syria , without the knowledge of the party ’s leadership .
If true , this would raise all manner of intriguing questions about Hezbollah ’s internal command and control .
Then again , if Nasrallah had known of the plot against Hariri but was powerless to intervene , what thoughts must have gone through his mind when the two of them met in his headquarters for their convivial chats ?
Hezbollah circles have been abuzz with speculation in recent days over the tribunal ’s intentions .
There is a universal belief among Hezbollah cadres and their supporters that the tribunal is being manipulated by the United States to attack the party .
Recent conversations with two Hezbollah military unit commanders suggest that mitigating the potential fallout from the tribunal ’s investigation has become a top priority for the party .
The two commanders agreed that before Israel can be confronted , Hezbollah has to ensure that it will not be " stabbed in the back " by its Lebanese opponents .
This requires building a political and public consensus in Lebanon to block the tribunal from moving against Hezbollah , they said .
Any domestic attempts to take advantage of the tribunal to weaken Hezbollah would be " slapped down , " they said .
They also refused to rule out the possibility of a show of force on the streets , as occurred in May 2008 when Hezbollah overran the mainly Sunni western half of Beirut following an attempt by the U.S. - backed Lebanese government to shut down the party ’s private military communications network .
For now , however , Hezbollah has limited its response to denying any involvement in Hariri ’s murder and questioning the tribunal ’s credibility .
On Wednesday night , Nasrallah accused the tribunal of leaking information implicating Hezbollah , warning that if the leaks continue he might halt his cooperation with the investigation .
Last week , the office of Daniel Bellemare , the tribunal ’s chief prosecutor , said it took " strong exception " to allegations that it was deliberately leaking information to the media .
Yet it is no secret that some Western officials are given periodic briefings on the tribunal ’s work , allowing them insights into the investigation ’s direction , if not all the key details .
It can be safely assumed that the Syrian and Iranian governments do not receive the same courtesy .
Such briefings and leaks ( authorized or not ) make it easier for critics to challenge the credibility of the tribunal .
Since its inception , the tribunal has had to defend itself against accusations that it is a political instrument , serving the interests of the United States and France under the respective leaderships of former President George W. Bush and former French President Jacques Chirac .
The two countries supported Lebanon ’s call for an international investigation into the Hariri murder because it would pressure Syria , the prime suspect .
If Israel had been the chief suspect , there never would have been an international investigation and tribunal .
But political calculations in the Middle East have changed since 2005 , and there are no guarantees that the outcome of the investigation will be to the liking of the powers that supported it in the first place .
Saudi Arabia and France have recently patched up their differences with Syria , and Washington has embarked upon a hesitant re-engagement with Damascus .
Syrian influence in Lebanon has steadily returned , causing the March 14 coalition , which spearheaded the anti-Syrian campaign in Lebanon from 2005 , to crumble .
Saad Hariri , Rafiq ’s son who was appointed prime minister last year , swallowed his personal feelings to travel to Damascus in December to embrace Syrian President Bashar al - Assad .
Walid Jumblatt , a fierce critic of Syria and Hezbollah following Hariri ’s murder , also underwent a political U - turn .
He apologized in a TV interview for his harsh words about Assad , which had previously included references to the Syrian president as a " monkey , a snake , and a butcher . "
In a reflective mood some 18 months ago , Jumblatt told me that Lebanon could have " justice [ for the slain Hariri ] or stability , but not both . "
He discreetly declined to tell me which option he preferred , though the answer was obvious .
On Wednesday , the Druze leader was rewarded for his volte - face with a long - awaited meeting with Assad in Damascus .
It is difficult to envisage how Lebanon can avoid a serious political crisis if the tribunal issues indictments against Hezbollah officials .
In that event , Saad Hariri will face an unenviable dilemma .
On Monday , he reiterated his support for the tribunal , saying that it was a " big component of stability in Lebanon . "
" We will accept any decision that comes out of the tribunal , whatever it is , " he said .
But he and his coalition government , which includes a member of Hezbollah , are in no position to compel the Shiite party to turn over anyone indicted by the tribunal , which presumably would conduct the trials in absentia .
Such a scenario , however , would lead to the absurd situation of a Lebanese government declining to comply with the demands of a tribunal that is partially funded by Lebanon , includes Lebanese judges , and has been championed from the beginning by the Lebanese state .
Since 2005 , supporters of Rafik Hariri and his son , Saad , have clamored for al - haqiqa — " the truth . "
Yet , " the truth " may end up being more than the country can bear .
Manipulating the iTunes property list file in Scheme
Jim Ursetto
Ursetto Consulting , Inc .
Introduction Recently , I noticed that iTunes had lost track of some of my music files .
I keep nearly all my music on an NFS server , visible to both iTunes and a SLiMP3 device .
At some point , I had reorganized the music directories a bit without considering that the pathnames in iTunes ' database would be invalidated .
The simplest way to reconnect lost files is to reimport them .
Unfortunately , when doing so you lose your hard - won statistics , such as Play Count and Last Played .
I figured I might retain these statistics by locating the new files and then updating iTunes Music Library.xml with the new pathnames .
And if I could automate the process , I 'd be able to quickly fix this problem in the future whether it occurred deliberately or otherwise .
This article documents my attempt to do just that by building an application in Chicken Scheme , using the bindings to Objective C and Cocoa provided by the objc egg .
It 's targeted at the intermediate Scheme programmer , who may have some experience with Cocoa .
It may also be useful to a beginner looking for examples of an interactive development process , and to a non-Scheme user for the same reason .
In this article , I present code as I write it and design decisions as I make them ; and I offer a lot of commentary .
I 've tried to document the coding process from start to finish , including the false starts , because it is my opinion that the reader can benefit from an author 's mistakes as well as his successes .
Are you ready ?
Then let 's begin .
Beginnings
Here 's our initial strategy .
We 'll look up every track in the database and where it should reside on disk .
If the file does n't actually exist , we flag it as bad , and use some heuristic to determine where it has moved to .
We 'll update the database with this new location and write it out .
For flexibility , we 'd probably like to grab the bad tracks in one phase , and update the database in a second phase , so that we can examine our proposed changes before committing them .
To begin , we need my objc egg ( download with chicken - setup objc ) and my plist library source code ( placed in the project directory ) .
We 'll type the code below directly into a new file .
I 'm using an interactive development environment — Emacs with Neil van Dyke 's Quack — so I can send my definitions to the running Scheme interpreter as they are entered .
We 'll do quite a bit of testing at the REPL , as you 'll see .
( use objc plist )
The iTunes XML file is a property list or " plist " file , which can be read in using the NSDictionary class method dictionaryWithContentsOfFile : .
We actually use an NSMutableDictionary because we 're going to be updating the dictionary in memory ; using a plain NSDictionary seems to work as well here , but let 's be safe .
( define-objc- classes NSMutableDictionary )
A quick primer : the define - objc - classes form looks up the NSMutableDictionary class in the Objective C runtime , and creates a new variable called NSMutableDictionary which we can use to access the class .
( @ obj keyword1 : arg1 keyword2 : arg2 ) is like the Objective C message expression [ obj keyword1 : arg1 keyword2 : arg2 ] — it sends obj the keyword1 : keyword2 : message with arguments arg1 and arg2 .
Finally , if a hyphen occurs in a method name , we remove it and uppercase the next letter ; this allows us to type dictionary - with - contents - of - file : instead of dictionaryWithContentsOfFile : . itunes : open-library opens the music library file name and returns an NSDictionary representing the iTunes library .
( define ( itunes : open - library name ) ( or ( @ NSMutable Dictionary dictionary - with - contents - of - file : ( expand - tilde name ) ) ( error ' itunes : open - library " failed to open library " name ) ) )
You 'll notice the call to expand - tilde .
Cocoa wo n't automatically expand a tilde into a filename , but it 's very likely one will be present in the iTunes library filename .
So we write a little wrapper function around the NSString method stringByExpandingTildeInPath : .
If the argument is a Scheme string , we convert it into an NSString first .
expand - tilde returns an NSString .
( The ns:string ?
and ns : make - string procedures are from the plist library , and will probably be integrated into the objc egg in the future .
) ( define ( expand - tilde name ) ( @ ( if ( ns:string ? name ) name ( ns:make - string name ) ) string - by - expanding - tilde - in - path ) )
We can use the NSDictionary method writeToFile : atomically : to write out the updated iTunes plist as ASCII XML .
I pass #t to atomically : for safety ; this way the plist will be written to a temporary file and moved into place .
( define ( itunes : write - library plist dest - name ) ( @ plist write - to - file : ( expand - tilde dest - name ) atomically : # t ) )
Now we can do a little exploration .
Enter the following definitions : ( define name " ~/Music/iTunes / iTunes Music Library.xml " ) ( define lib ( itunes : open - library name ) )
If we now type " lib " at the REPL , we should theoretically see an ASCII representation of the entire iTunes XML database ( courtesy of lib 's description method ) .
In actuality , Chicken truncates this output to prevent mistakes like , oh , say accidentally dumping 8 megabytes of data into your interpreter session .
If we 'd actually like to see all the output , we should probably write it to a file : #;94 > ( with-output-to- file " /tmp/itunes-ascii.txt " ( lambda ( ) ( display lib ) ) )
This will take a few seconds .
Below , I show a heavily edited version of the output , enough so you can see the structure of the plist .
#; 96 > lib # < objc - instance { " Application Version " = " 6.0.2 " ; " Music Folder " = " file://localhost/Users/jim/Music/iTunes/iTunes%20Music/ " ; Playlists = ( { Name = Library ; " Playlist ID " = 5867 ; " Playlist Items " = ( { " Track ID " = 5353 ; } , ) ; ... } , ... ) ; Tracks = { 100 = { Album = scenemusic ; Artist = radix ; Name = plopalou ; Size = 2946233 ; ... } ; ... } ... }>
We could have simply looked at the XML file itself to see the structure , but this way is more instructive ( and easier to read , to boot ) .
To obtain track data , we look at the " Tracks " key ; its value is a dictionary containing one key and value pair per track .
We can retrieve this value using the NSDictionary method objectForKey : . ( define ( itunes : tracks plist ) ( let ( ( tracks ( @ plist object - for - key : " Tracks " ) ) ) ( unless ( @ tracks is - kind - of - class : NSDictionary ) ( error 'itunes : tracks " tracks key is not a dictionary . " ) ) tracks ) ) ( define tracks ( itunes : tracks lib ) )
We already know what the tracks dictionary looks like from our exploration of the structure of lib , so I wo n't show the output of typing " tracks " at the REPL here .
Instead , let 's take a closer look at the specific track that appeared earlier , track ID 100 . # ; 105 > ( @ tracks object - for - key : " 100 " ) # < objc - instance { Album = scenemusic ; Artist = radix ; " Bit Rate " = 128 ; Comments = " radix@ .... " ; " Date Added " = 2002-11-11 11:33:34 - 0600 ; " Date Modified " = 2005-02-06 13:33:20 - 0600 ; " File Folder Count " = 4 ; Genre = Electronic ; Kind = " MPEG audio file " ; " Library Folder Count " = 1 ; Location = " file://localhost/Users/jim/Music/iTunes/iTunes%20Music/radix/scenemusic/plopalou.mp3 " ;
Name = plopalou ; " Persistent ID " = 993694A5E4D4BA2 F ; " Play Count " = 11 ; " Play Date " = - 1086610989 ; " Play Date UTC " = 2005-08-31 19:05:07 - 0500 ; " Sample Rate " = 44100 ; Size = 2946233 ; " Total Time " = 184111 ; " Track ID " = 100 ; " Track Type " = File ; Year = 2000 ; }>
Examining the track data structure , it appears the Location key will give us the music file 's pathname as a file :// URL . #;109 > ( @ # 105 object - for - key : " Location " ) @ " file://localhost/Users/jim/Music/iTunes/iTunes%20Music/radix/scenemusic/plopalou.mp3 "
The # 105 above refers to interpreter result number 105 — in other words , the result of ( @ tracks object - for - key : " 100 " ) .
# by itself refers to the most recent result .
This is an extremely useful abbreviation when working in the REPL .
The @ " ... " is a shorthand way to describe an NSString .
You can also create NSString s using the @ " ... " syntax ; but you do n't normally need to , since the Objective C bridge changes Scheme strings passed as method arguments into NSString s. plist keys and values plist keys are - always - strings , even when they appear to be integers .
objectForKey : expects an actual Objective C object , and the bridge will throw an error if you pass it a number .
Even converting your key to an NSNumber object does n't work : #;107 > ( @ tracks object - for - key : 100 ) Error : bad argument type - not a structure of the required type : objc:instance #;107 > ( ns:make - number 100 ) # < objc - instance 100 > ; An NSNumber integer object # ;108 > ( @ tracks object - for - key : ( ns:make - number 100 ) ) #f
This restriction is only true for plists , not for NSDictionary types in general , which accept any object as a key .
Although you may - add - a non-string key to a plist structure , writing the plist out to disk later will fail .
plist values are a different matter : they may be instances of NSString , NSNumber , NSDate , NSData , NSArray or NSDictionary .
The plist library provides functions to convert most of these to and from Scheme objects , including the " catch - all " schemify and objcify .
The plist API is n't finalized , so consult the code for the latest .
Here are a couple of examples : #; 117 > ( define bit-rate ( @ # 105 object - for - key : " Bit Rate " ) ) #; 118 > bit-rate # < objc- instance 128 > ; An NSNumber ( integer ) object #; 118 > ( ns:number - value bit-rate ) 128 #;119 > ( schemify bit-rate ) 128 #;120 > ( objcify 128 ) # < objc - instance 128 > ;
An NSNumber object , again plist - path
By the way , the plist library provides a convenience function called plist - path that lets us easily trace a given path through a nested plist structure .
The idea for this came from the article Using Perl to Manage Plist Files , crossed with SXPath .
In our case , we need to iterate over many tracks and we 'll wind up using a different approach .
Nevertheless , here 's a straightforward way to obtain the Location of track ID 100 : #;101 > ( plist - path lib '( Tracks 100 Location ) ) @ " file://localhost/Users/jim/Music/iTunes/iTunes%20Music/radix/scenemusic/plopalou.mp3 " file :// URL parsing
We 've got a file location in the form of a file :// URL , but we need a real filename so we can check if the file exists .
Originally , I wrote the following naive function to strip off the file :// localhost prefix : ( define ( URL -> filename str ) ( let ( ( url- prefix " file://localhost " ) ) ( and ( substring= ? str url - prefix ) ( substring str ( string - length url - prefix ) ) ) ) )
This does n't work , of course , because URLs can contain escaped characters .
But why write a URL parser when Cocoa already has one , in the form of the NSURL class ?
Consulting the documentation , we find the NSURL methods + URL - with - string , - isFileURL , and - path .
Before trying them out , we need to import the NSURL class .
( define-objc- classes NSURL ) #;124 > ( define loc ( @ ( @ tracks object - for - key : " 100 " ) object - for - key : " Location " ) ) ; the file :// URL , an NSString #; 125 > ( @ NSURL URL - with - string : loc ) ; create a new NSURL #< objc- instance file:// localhost / Users/jim/Music/iTunes/iTunes%20Music/radix/scenemusic/plopalou.mp3> #; 126 > ( @ # 125 is - file - URL ) # \x1 ; the objective C bridge true value #; 127 > ( @ # 125 path ) @ " / Users/jim/Music/iTunes/iTunes Music/radix/scenemusic/plopalou.mp3 "
For convenience , we define a small wrapper which converts a string to an NSURL .
( define ( ns:string -> URL str ) ( @ NSURL URL - with - string : str ) )
Operating on all tracks
To iterate through the tracks , we will use ns:enumerator - fold , which is defined in the plist library .
Here is the definition : ( define ( ns:enumerator - fold kons knil e ) ( let loop ( ( seed knil ) ) ( let ( ( obj ( objc: send e next - object ) ) ) ( if ( not obj ) seed ( loop ( kons obj seed ) ) ) ) ) )
If you 're not familiar with fold , here 's a little background .
fold is known as the fundamental list iterator .
It starts with a procedure KONS , a " seed " KNIL and a list L .
For each element X of L , fold obtains a new seed by applying KONS to X and the current seed .
For example , if KONS is cons and KNIL is '( ) , fold will return a copy of L , reversed .
With fold and its sister fold - right , you can implement many standard operations on lists , such as for - each , map and filter .
ns:enumerator - fold is similar to fold , but iterates over an Objective C collection ( such as an NSArray or NSDictionary ) using an NSEnumerator .
As we 've seen , plist files such as the iTunes Music Library are nested collections of arrays and dictionaries , so ns:enumerator - fold can be used to operate on entire sections of a plist file — in our case , the list of tracks .
We typically obtain an enumerator via the instance 's objectEnumerator ( for NSArray ) or keyEnumerator ( for NSDictionary ) method .
NSDictionary accepts objectEnumerator messages as well ; this will iterate over its values instead of its keys .
During our exploration of the plist data , we saw that the Tracks key contains a dictionary which maps integer track IDs to track data dictionaries .
We do n't expect to need these track IDs , just the track data .
Therefore , we can use object - enumerator to iterate over the values only .
( define track - enumerator ( @ tracks object - enumerator ) )
The plist library code defines some convenience functions based on ns:enumerator - fold , such as ns : array -> list and alist -> ns: dictionary .
We could , for example , use ( ns:array - > list ( @ tracks all - values ) ) to obtain a Scheme list of all the track data dictionaries , then use regular list operations ( such as fold ) on the list .
However , this list may contain tens of thousands of temporary Scheme objects — one for each track — since each track dictionary is wrapped in a Scheme object .
It 's a lot more efficient to operate on each object as we need it in ns:enumerator - fold ; this way each object is garbage - collected immediately after it has been used .
Here 's some code which leverages what we 've learned so far , to build a data structure containing all the " bad " ( unconnected ) files in the iTunes database .
As described in the section on folding , our lambda is called once for each element ( track ) .
When a good file or a non -file URL ( such as http :// ) is found , it returns the current seed unchanged .
When a bad file is found , we cons the list ( bad - file < name > < location > ) onto the seed and return that .
Creating a plain list , rather than using fancy object or record types , makes it easier to examine and take apart in the REPL .
( define bad - files ( cons ' bad - file - list ( ns:enumerator - fold ( lambda ( x xs ) ( let* ( ( location ( @ x object - for - key : " Location " ) ) ( URL ( ns:string -> URL location ) ) ) ( if URL ( if ( @ URL is - file - URL ) ( let ( ( name ( ns:string - value ( @ URL path ) ) ) ) ( if ( file - exists ?
name ) xs ( cons `( bad - file , name , ( ns:string - value location ) ) xs ) ) ) xs ) ;;
Not a file ; do nothing ( begin ( warning " invalid URL : " location ) xs ) ) ) ) '( ) track - enumerator ) ) )
The structure of bad - files should look like this : ( bad - file - list ( bad - file < name > < URL > ) ( bad - file < name > < URL > ) ...)
The astute reader will notice that fold creates its list in reverse order from the source , but this does n't matter as dictionary values are unordered anyway .
Let 's write the list out so we can examine it in an editor .
Here 's a convenience function ( for use in the REPL ) which pretty - prints a list to a file .
( define ( write - list x file ) ( with - output - to - file file ( lambda ( ) ( pp x ) ) ) ) #; 130 > ( write - list bad - files " /tmp/not-found.scm " )
I used the .scm extension so I get Scheme syntax highlighting when I open the file .
Below we can also see a bit of the resulting output .
( bad - file - list ; contents of file ( bad- file " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/18/Faith No More / Angel Dust /09 Be Aggressive.mp3 " " file://localhost/mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/18/Faith%20No%20More/Angel%20Dust/09%20Be%20Aggressive.mp3 " ) ( bad - file ... ) ...)
Finding files
We 've successfully built a list of bad files ; now we need to apply the " heuristic " I briefly mentioned in order to guess where each file has moved .
The strategy I 've chosen for this part is pretty simple : find all music files under a destination directory and index them based on the last few components of their pathnames .
We can't generally match the filename alone , since unless your filenames are extraordinarily descriptive , we 're likely to encounter duplicates .
Most people create a directory per artist or album or both , e.g. Artist / Album / Filename.mp3 .
In all probability , files wo n't be moved individually ; instead an artist or album will be moved as a chunk .
This means we can usually make a unique file fingerprint by including a few path components from the end — 3 should be adequate , but we 'll make it configurable .
We 'll move on now to finding all files under a given base directory , keyed by a portion of the pathname .
Chicken provides a nice utility function , find - files , in the posix unit .
Chicken also provides pathname operations , but none suit our purpose of grabbing the last N components of a pathname .
We need to find the N th occurrence from the right of the system directory separator ( / ) in the pathname , and grab everything to the right of it .
To this end , we can repeatedly use SRFI - 13's string - index - right to find the rightmost occurrence of a character , on successively smaller substrings .
( use srfi -13 ) ; ; for string - index - right ; Find index of Nth occurrence of character C in STR , starting from the right .
( define ( string - ind ex - right - n str c n ) ( let ( ( start 0 ) ) ( let loop ( ( end ( string - length str ) ) ( n n ) ) ( if ( zero ? n ) end ( and end ( loop ( string - index - right str c start end ) ( fx - n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ;
Obtain the rightmost N pathname components from PATH .
Returns PATH ; if N is greater than the number of components .
; ( pathname - components - right " /tmp/foo/bar/baz/qux " 2 ) => " / baz/qux " ( define ( pathname - components - right path n ) ( let ( ( index ( string - index - right - n path pathname - directory - separator n ) ) ) ( if index ( substring path index ) path ) ) ) find - music - files will find all files under base - dir , returning a hash table which maps the last sig pathname components of each file to the full filename .
As the second argument of find - files , we pass a regular expression which should match any music filenames in our collection .
( use posix ) ; ; for find - files ( define itunes : music - regexp " .*\. ( [ Mm ] [ Pp ]
3 | [ Aa ] [ Aa ] [ Cc ] ) " ) ; find - files anchors this with ^ and $ ( define ( find - music - files base - dir sig ) ( alist - > hash - table ( map ( lambda ( fn ) ( cons ( pathname - components - right fn sig ) fn ) ) ( find - files base - dir itunes : music - regexp ) ) ) ) ;; using Chicken 's , d option to show contents of the hash table #;135 > , d ( find- music - files " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana "
3 ) ... " / Garbage /beautifulgarbage/05 Cup of Coffee.mp3 " -> " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/16/Garbage/beautifulgarbage/05 Cup of Coffee.mp3 " " / Joni Mitchell / Blue/05 Blue.mp3 " -> " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/15/Joni Mitchell /Blue/05 Blue.mp3 " " / Primus / Pork Soda / Primus - Pork Soda - 08 Wounded Knee.mp3 " -> " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/14/Primus/Pork Soda / Primus - Pork Soda - 08 Wounded Knee.mp3 " " / Radiohead / Kid A / Radiohead - Kid A - 08 Idioteque.mp3 " -> " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/12/Radiohead/Kid A/Radiohead - Kid A - 08 Idioteque.mp3 " ...
This implementation looks nice , but harbors a flaw : when a key collision occurs , only the latest value is preserved .
Key collisions are still a possibility , and we'd like to save the duplicate filenames so the user can see what happened .
Therefore , we 'll create the hash table by hand , and store each value as a list ( even single values , for simplicity ) .
Also , some experimentation revealed that find - files recurses into symbolic links to directories , which was resulting in duplicate files .
We can prevent this by using the limit procedure argument , which is called for every directory .
Recursion is done only when this procedure returns true .
( define ( find - music - files base - dir sig ) ( let ( ( table ( make - hash - table string= ? ) ) ) ( for - each ( lambda ( fn ) ( let ( ( short - name ( pathname - components - right fn sig ) ) ) ( hash - table - set ! table short - name ( let ( ( old - key ( hash - table - ref / default table short - name # f ) ) ) ( if old - key ( cons fn old - key ) ; duplicate key ; cons value onto value list ( list fn ) ) ) ) ) ) ; new key , single element value list ( find - files base - dir itunes : music - regexp cons '( ) ( lambda ( fn ) ( not ( symbolic - link ? fn ) ) ) ) ) ; do n't recurse into symlinks table ) )
To test the new code , I created 4 test files and several similar directories in / tmp .
Two files are not distinguishable from the other two when the pathname component value is too low .
#; 137 > , d ( find - music - files " / tmp / mp3 " 3 ) hash - table with 2 elements and comparison procedure < unknown > : " /b/c/1.mp3 " -> ( " /tmp/mp3/a/b/c/1.mp3 "
" /tmp/mp3/z/b/c/1.mp3 " )
" /b/c/2.mp3 " -> ( " /tmp/mp3/a/b/c/2.mp3 "
" /tmp/mp3/z/b/c/2.mp3 " ) #; 138 > , d ( find - music - files " / tmp / mp3 " 4 ) hash - table with 4 elements and comparison procedure < unknown > : " /a/b/c/1.mp3 " -> ( " /tmp/mp3/a/b/c/1.mp3 " )
" /z/b/c/1.mp3 " -> ( " /tmp/mp3/z/b/c/1.mp3 " )
" /a/b/c/2.mp3 " -> ( " /tmp/mp3/a/b/c/2.mp3 " )
" /z/b/c/2.mp3 " -> ( " /tmp/mp3/z/b/c/2.mp3 " )
Correlating bad files with good ones
Now we expand bad - files to look up each bad file in the music table by its key ( using significant - path - components path components ) .
Our lookup function , music - table - ref , will return a string if there is only one file match , a list ( duplicate file1 file 2 ... ) if there are multiple matches , or #f if no matches were found at all .
We always want to start the enumerator from the beginning of the track list , so we 'll do that directly in the fold code rather than manually reevaluating the track - enumerator global variable here .
( define ( music - table - ref table key ) ( let ( ( path ( hash - table - ref / default table key # f ) ) ) ( cond ( ( not ( pair ? path ) ) path ) ( ( null ? ( cdr path ) ) ( car path ) ) ( else ( make - duplicate path ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( make - duplicate filenames ) ( cons ' duplicate path ) ) ( define ( duplicate ? file ) ( and ( pair ? file ) ( eq ? ' duplicate ( car file ) ) ) )
And here 's the new code to grab the bad files along with their " good " counterparts .
This code is almost a straight cut - and - paste , except for the new call to music - table - ref , and a slightly different list structure .
Instead of containing bad - file records , the new result list will contain moved records , each of which contains a source ( a bad - file record ) and a destination ( the output of music - table - ref for that particular file ) .
( define significant - path - components 3 ) ( define music - table ( find- music - files " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3 " significant - path - components ) ) ( define bad - files ( cons ' bad - file - list ( ns:enumerator - fold ( lambda ( x xs ) ( let* ( ( location ( @ x object - for - key : " Location " ) ) ( URL ( ns:string -> URL location ) ) ) ( if URL ( if ( @ URL is - file - URL ) ( let ( ( name ( ns:string - value ( @ URL path ) ) ) ) ( if ( file - exists ? name ) xs ( cons `( moved ( bad - file , name , ( ns:string - value location ) ) , ( music - table - ref music - table ( pathname - components - right name significant - path - components ) ) ) xs ) ) ) xs ) ;;
Not a file ; do nothing ( begin ( warning " invalid URL : " location ) xs ) ) ) ) '( ) ( @ tracks object - enumerator ) ) ) )
Our list structure should now look like this : ( bad - file - list ( moved ( bad - file < name > < URL > ) < destination > ) ...)
Running this on my NFS drive / mnt / mp3 / scratch/cd/mp3 yields 352 moved files , of which 0 are duplicates and 21 not found ( completely deleted tracks ) .
Once again , I wrote out the result to a file using ( write - list bad - files " /tmp/moved.scm " ) .
Here is an excerpt : ( bad - file - list ( moved ( bad- file " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/18/Faith No More / Angel Dust /09 Be Aggressive.mp3 " " file://localhost/mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/18/Faith%20No%20More/Angel%20Dust/09%20Be%20Aggressive.mp3 " )
" / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/22/Faith No More / Angel Dust /09 Be Aggressive.mp3 " ) ...)
Data structure access
We need to define some accessors and creators for our data structures , rather than just using car and cons .
This will insulate us from future changes to the structure layout ; we need only update the accessor functions .
( define ( bad - file ? x ) ( eq ? ( car x ) ' bad - file ) ) ( define ( bad - file - name x ) ( cadr x ) ) ( define ( bad - file - URL x ) ( caddr x ) ) ; I 'll refer to records tagged with ' moved as " moved - item " records from now on .
( define ( make - moved - item bad - file dest ) ( list ' moved bad - file dest ) ) ( define ( moved- item ? x ) ( eq ? ( car x ) ' moved ) ) ( define ( moved - item - source x ) ( cadr x ) ) ;; will be a bad - file record ( define ( moved - item - destination x ) ( caddr x ) ) ( define ( make - bad - file - list x ) ( cons ' bad - file - list x ) ) ( define ( bad - file - list ? x ) ( eq ? ( car x ) ' bad- file - list ) ) ( define ( bad - file - list - items x ) ( cdr x ) ) ;; list of moved - item records
Now we can , for example , use a filter to return bad files which were also not found in the moved music - table .
( filter ( lambda ( m ) ( not ( moved- item - destination m ) ) ) ( bad - file - list - items bad - files ) )
This is a bit clunky , not to mention the fact that it returns a list of moved - item records .
It should instead return a bad - file - list so that we can filter the results again with the same code .
So we 'll define a filter function that handles unpackaging and repackaging the results .
;
Filter a bad file list and return a second bad file list with the results .
( use srfi - 1 ) ;; filter ( define ( bad - file - list - filter pred x ) ( make - bad - file - list ( filter pred ( bad- file - list - items x ) ) ) ) ;
Add a couple predicates useful for the bad - file - list - filter .
( define ( moved- item - duplicate ? x ) ( duplicate ? ( moved- item - destination x ) ) ) ( define ( moved- item - notfound ? x ) ( not ( moved- item - destination x ) ) ) ( define ( moved- item - unique ? x ) ( string ? ( moved-item- destination x ) ) )
Now it 's much easier to get a list of all the files we failed to find : #;149 > ( bad- file - list - filter moved - item - notfound ? bad - files ) ( bad - file - list ( moved ( bad- file " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/Veronica/3/Mase/Harlem
World /13 What You Want.mp3 " " file://localhost/mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/Veronica/3/Mase/Harlem%20World/13%20What%20You%20Want.mp3 " ) # f ) ...)
It turns out that I deleted this album off the disk , but not from iTunes .
If you like , you can now store the bad file list to disk and read it back at any time , showing only duplicates or notfound or unique items .
significant - path - components example
It 's important that we specify the significant - path - components value appropriately .
For example , I 'll use a value of 1 ( filename only ) rerun the query on my library .
At the REPL , we redefine significant - path - components and then resend the definition of bad - files to the interpreter .
Afterward , make sure to reset these to their old values .
#; 150 > ( define significant - path - components 1 ) #; 151 > <... re-evaluate bad - file - list > #; 152 > ( write - list ( bad - file - list - filter moved - item - duplicate ? bad-files ) " /tmp/dups.scm " )
There were 7 total duplicates .
5 were actual duplicate files ; for example , ( moved ( bad- file " / mnt/mp3/ scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/mp3dump1/misc/David Lee Roth - Just A Gigolo.mp3 " " file://localhost/mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/mp3dump1/misc/David%20Lee%20Roth%20-%20Just%20A%20Gigolo.mp3 " ) ( duplicate " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/Veronica/4/miscellany/David Lee Roth - Just A Gigolo.mp3 " " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/mp3dump1/misc/David Lee Roth - Just A Gigolo.mp3 " ) ) 2 were valid name collisions — different songs with the same base filename .
( moved ( bad- file " / mnt/mp3/ scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/18/Aretha
Franklin / Amazing Grace ( Disc 2)/05 Wholly Holy.mp3 " " file://localhost/mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/18/Aretha%20Franklin/Amazing%20
Grace%20( Disc%202)/05%20Wholly%20Holy.mp3 " ) ( duplicate " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/22/Aretha
Franklin / Amazing Grace ( Disc 1)/05 Wholly Holy.mp3 " " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/22/Aretha
Franklin / Amazing Grace ( Disc 2)/05 Wholly Holy.mp3 " ) )
I became curious to see how many total duplicates there were in the searched directory — above , only duplicates that match bad files are shown .
We can get this data from music - table by looking for table values containing more than one element .
It might pay off to encapsulate this stuff within a function , but we wo n't right now .
#; 153 > ( filter ( lambda ( x ) ( pair ? ( cdr x ) ) ) ( hash - table - values music - table ) )
The length of this list is 23 ( i.e. , 23 duplicates ) .
Interestingly , only 4 are different files with the same filename , even though the filenames contain only the track number and title .
The remaining 19 are real duplicate songs — 16 of which are from the same album !
( It turns out I ripped one of my CDs twice . )
This is clearly useful functionality and should probably be made available to the user in a nicer way .
Fixing bad file locations in the database Now we'd like to make another pass through the iTunes track database , fixing any bad file locations that we can .
For each URL in the database , we need to find the matching moved - item record , if it exists .
This is why we saved the full bad - file location URL in the bad - file record .
For quickest lookup , we 'll create another hash table mapping the bad file URL back to its corresponding moved - item record .
Looking back on it , we could have stored the track ID number in the bad - file record , and used it to index this hash table instead .
The only real drawback is that iTunes can change these IDs , which would invalidate any old bad - file data you had saved .
However , I 'll leave the design as it is .
( define ( make - URL - > moved - item - table bad - file - list ) ( let ( (h ( make - hash - table string= ? ) ) ) ( for - each ( lambda ( m ) ( hash - table - set ! h ( bad - file - URL ( moved - item - source m ) ) m ) ) ( bad - file - list - items bad - file - list ) ) h ) ) ;
This is not very well named .
( define URL-to-moved-item- table ( make-URL->moved - item - table bad-files ) )
Here is an excerpt from the resulting hash table : #; 155 > , d URL - to - moved -item- table " file://localhost/mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/16/DJ%20Krush/The%20
Message%20at%20the%20Depth/05%20The%20Blackhole.mp3 " -> ( moved ( bad- file " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/16/DJ
Krush / The Message at the Depth /05 The Blackhole.mp3 " " file://localhost/mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/16/DJ%20Krush/The%20Message%20at%20the%20Depth/05%20The%20Blackhole.mp3 " )
" / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/4/DJ Krush / The Message at the Depth/05 The Blackhole.mp3 " )
We really need item accessors for the URL table ; I address this issue at the end of the article .
Now we can pass back through the tracklist , updating any bad URLs with our new location .
The location must be a string , not an NSURL .
If you try to write a plist containing an NSURL , it will fail : #; 160 > ( define d ( @ NSMutableDictionary dictionary ) ) #; 161 > ( @ d set - object : ( @ NSURL file - URL - with - path : " / tmp /abc " ) for - key : " Location " ) #< objc- instance { Location = file://localhost/tmp/abc ; }> #; 162 > ( @ d write - to - file : " /tmp/a.plist " atomically : # f ) #f Instead , we need to use - absoluteString to obtain the URL as an NSString .
( define ( path - > URL x ) ( @ ( @ NSURL file - URL - with - path : x ) absolute - string ) )
The code to obtain move - results is , once again , very similar to the code for bad - file - list .
Instead of music - table - ref , we use hash - table - ref to look up the current track 's moved - item record .
As a quick check , we verify the track 's pathname matches that of the looked - up record .
Finally , if the destination is valid — meaning it's a unique file , not a duplicate or not - found file — we update the dictionary using setObject : forKey : .
The move - results list structure looks exactly like the bad - file - list structure , except that only successful moves will be included .
This means that any duplicate and not - found items will be stripped out without ceremony or warning .
That 's fine , because we can filter bad - file - list itself if we need this data .
( define move - results ( cons ' move - results ( ns:enumerator - fold ( lambda ( x xs ) ( let* ( ( location ( @ x object - for - key : " Location " ) ) ( URL ( ns:string -> URL location ) ) ) ( if URL ( if ( @ URL is - file - URL ) ( let ( ( name ( ns:string - value ( @ URL path ) ) ) ) ( let ( ( moved - item ( hash - table - ref / default URL - to - moved - item - table ( ns:string - value location ) # f ) ) ) ( if moved - item ;; Verify pathname gibes with bad - file record .
( if ( string= ? name ( bad - file - name ( moved - item - source moved - item ) ) ) ( if ( moved- item- unique ? moved - item ) ( begin ( @ x set - object : ( path - > URL ( moved - item - destination moved - item ) ) for - key : " Location " ) ( cons moved - item xs ) ) xs ) ;; this xs nest is here in case we want xs ) ; ; to warn or cons different messages xs ) ) ) ;; ... xs ) ;;
Not a file ; do nothing ( begin ( warning " invalid URL : " location ) xs ) ) ) ) '( ) ( @ tracks object - enumerator ) ) ) )
After evaluating move - results and possibly examining the output , we can run the bad files search again on the newly updated dictionary , by reevaluating the bad - files expression .
Examining this output , I see that the only output consists of the 21 files that were not found in the new location ( which had been deleted on purpose ) .
#; 165 > ( length ( bad - file - list - items bad - files ) ) => 21
Now we can write our library to a new XML file , shut down iTunes , and copy the file into place .
#; 166 > ( itunes : write- library lib " ~/scheme/xcode/plist/iTunes Music Library.xml.new " )
Tragedy Unfortunately , as many people ( now including myself ) have belatedly discovered after hacking up the iTunes XML file , iTunes will blithely ignore any changes you 've made .
The real data is kept in the binary iTunes Library file ; the XML file is " read - only " and is generated from this data , overwriting your changes .
Fortunately , a solution of sorts is detailed at Schmolleworld .
In short , you first make a backup of your iTunes Library and iTunes Music Library.xml files , then truncate the iTunes Library file ( i.e. " ~/ Music / iTunes Library " ) > and overwrite the old .xml file with your new copy .
iTunes will think the iTunes Library file is corrupted , and rebuild it from the XML file .
Although this is n't exactly what you might call " safe " , it worked for me and my 5,628 song library .
However , any file in the XML database that iTunes cannot actually find will be eradicated from the iTunes database .
Files that you 've deliberately deleted , such as the album I described above , will disappear , which is pretty useful .
Files that have been moved and not updated in your XML file , or which are on a removed volume , will also disappear , which is bad .
That means all files you want to keep must be resolved before recreating the library .
You should check the output of ( bad - file - list - filter moved - item - notfound ? bad - files ) to find all moved files that can't be resolved .
You can update the XML file as many times as you want , but should not recreate the library until you are confident all files you want to keep are resolved .
iTunes will also " reorganize " your iTunes Music folder ( usually " ~/ Music /iTunes / iTunes Music " ) when importing the XML file , I assume only if you have " Keep iTunes Music folder organized " selected .
In my case , a few question marks in filenames were translated into underscores , and that 's it .
iTunes wo n't lose track of these files even if you back out your XML file and restore the old names .
A better solution than the above might be to generate an AppleScript , or to make AppleScript calls directly from Objective C , which sends commands to iTunes to update its database .
For best results and safety , we would have to be able to look up songs via the Location URL .
Although I can look up by alias name , I can't convert this to a URL .
Furthermore , even if we indexed by track ID instead , AppleScript does n't let you set Location anyway !
Double tragedy
And yet after all that , a fatal error has occurred : all non-smart playlists , including Podcasts , are destroyed when importing a new XML file .
Most playlists can be restored using ListSaver , a $ 6 shareware product from Dead End Software .
However , the Podcast playlist is restored as a regular playlist , with all your podcast data intact but your subscription info gone .
You can resubscribe , but your files on disk will not show up in the subscription .
I do n't know of any workaround .
Groovy Movin ' reconnects files by sending the Command - I keystroke to bring up the " Can't find file " dialog box , then navigates ( again via keystrokes ! ) the file selector and finds the correct file .
This process is very dodgy ; it 's subject to timing issues and has a huge amount of error correction to compensate .
Another option would be for you to delete and reimport bad files manually , then output an AppleScript which would restore ratings and playcounts scraped from a backup copy of the XML file .
The Applescript would need to reference files by Artist , Album , and Size .
For best results , you 'd want to specify the restored files manually , to avoid updating every song .
One can imagine an Applescript which retrieves the current iTunes selection and spits it to a program which grabs the old data , generating a new script to update the selection .
Probably such a thing has already been written .
All this heartache just because Apple did n't provide a way to modify a music file 's location via Applescript !
We just can't reasonably change the hardcoded paths in the music library .
It looks like our only real option to is to fall back on that tried - and - true tool of system administrators everywhere — the symbolic link .
( Update June 2007 : originally , the symbolic links we create had to be permanently available .
I have now devised a way to remove the symlinks after you have reconnected your lost files ; see Moving unmanaged iTunes files . )
Symlinks
We 'll perform the same track dictionary traversal we did in obtaining move - results , but instead of updating the dictionary we 'll create symbolic links from each correct file to the corresponding bad file .
First , since the bad file path may not even exist , we 'll need a convenient way to create a string of directories before making the symlink , a la mkdir - p .
In fact , we could simply shell out to mkdir - p , but we might like more control than it provides — for example , we might not want to follow symbolic links .
Also , it 's a nice exercise !
Directory creation
Our strategy : first , split the pathname into its components .
All slashes are stripped out of the component list , so we can't tell if a given list represents an absolute pathname .
Therefore , we use absolute - pathname ?
on the pathname string to select a pathname - building function for later .
At the start , no components are completed ( a null list ) and all are remaining .
At each step of the loop , we append the first remaining component to the completed list , and use the pathname - building function from above to make it into a new pathname .
Existing directories can simply be recursed into .
Existing symlinks , if they point to directories , are optionally recursed into .
If the path does n't exist , we create a new directory .
Any failure condition will throw an error .
This process repeats until no components remain .
While developing the directory creation code , I encountered some interesting behaviour testing for file type and existence .
I recorded my findings in the following table , to ensure I handled all cases correctly .
Note : if / tmp / 1 is a symlink to a directory , ( symbolic - link ? " / tmp/1 " ) => #t ( directory ? " / tmp/1 " ) => #f ( symbolic - link ? " / tmp/1/ " ) => #f ( directory ? " /tmp/1/ " ) =>
#t However , if / tmp / 1 is a dead symlink , ( symbolic - link ? " / tmp/1 " ) => #t ( symbolic - link ? " / tmp/1/ " ) => error : no such file ( file - exists ? " / tmp/1 " ) => #f ; follows the symlink !
( file - exists ? " /tmp/1/ " ) => #f Unlike symbolic - link ? , directory ?
does an implicit file - exists ?. ( directory ? " / no/such / file " ) => #f
As you can see , appending a trailing slash " resolves " a symbolic link , which prevents us from testing if it is really a link .
But we also need to resolve symlinks to recurse into them .
We note that the pathname builder , make - pathname , takes two arguments , directory and file , and just appends a slash to the pathname if file is #f .
Therefore , we call make - pathname twice in the code below , once for no slash and once when we need the trailing slash .
Appending a slash to resolve a symlink is , in fact , simpler than using read - symbolic - link to do so .
; Creates all directories in pathname in the manner of mkdir - p . ; Throws an error upon failure ; returns the pathname on success .
If traverse - symlinks ; is #f [ default is #t ] , it is an error to recurse into symlinks to directories .
( define ( create - directories pathname . traverse - symlinks ? ) ( let ( ( make - pathname ( if ( absolute - pathname ? pathname ) make - absolute - pathname make - pathname ) ) ) ( let loop ( ( path - done '( ) ) ( path - left ( string - split pathname ( string pathname - directory - separator ) ) ) ) ( if ( null ? path - left ) pathname ( let ( ( next - path ( append path - done ( list ( car path - left ) ) ) ) ( pathname - so - far ( make - pathname path - done ( car path - left ) ) ) ) ( if ( directory ? pathname - so - far ) ( loop next - path ( cdr path - left ) ) ( if ( file - exists ?
pathname - so - far ) ( if ( and ( symbolic - link ? pathname - so - far ) ( : optional traverse - symlinks ?
# t ) ; Resolve symlink by ( directory ? ( make - pathname pathname - so - far # f ) ) ) ; appending a slash .
( loop next - path ( cdr path - left ) ) ( error ' create - directories " file exists " pathname - so - far ) ) ( begin ( create - directory pathname - so - far ) ; may throw an error ( loop next - path ( cdr path - left ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Interlude : Accessing our result structures
Our result structures all look similar — they contain a type tag followed by a list of results — and the bad - file - list filter is pretty useful .
So we 'll generify the result processing by defining accessors and operations on " result " structure types .
( define ( result - type x ) ( car x ) ) ( define ( result - items x ) ( cdr x ) ) ( define ( make - result type items ) ( cons type items ) ) ( define ( result ? x ) ( symbol ? ( result - type x ) ) ) ;;
Should check for a valid result tag , but oh well .
( define ( filter - result pred x ) ( if ( result ? x ) ( make - result ( result - type x ) ( filter pred ( result - items x ) ) ) ( error ' filter - result " not a result list " ) ) )
Additionally , symbolic link creation can fail for one reason or another , and we might like to report this within the returned result structure .
We 'll create an error record which we expect to be placed in the destination slot of a moved - item record .
( define ( moved- item - error ? x ) ( error ? ( moved- item - destination x ) ) ) ( define ( error ? x ) ( and ( pair ? x ) ( eq ? ( car x ) ' error ) ) ) ( define ( make - link - error msg dest ) ( list ' error msg dest ) )
Interlude : Exceptions
The procedure create - symbolic - link throws an error rather than returning a boolean value .
But we 'd prefer that errors be caught and signaled in the results list ; we do n't want a single error to stop our processing .
So , we 'll make a helper procedure which invokes a thunk ( zero- argument procedure ) and returns #t upon success and #f upon error , and define a new procedure create - symbolic - link * on top of this .
We can catch errors using the methods described in SRFI - 12 : Exception Handling .
( define ( error - > boolean thunk ) ( handle - exceptions _ #f ( begin ( thunk ) # t ) ) ) ;;
See SRFI - 12 for details .
( define ( create - symbolic - link * old new ) ( error - > boolean ( lambda ( ) ( create - symbolic - link old new ) ) ) )
Then again , we'd like to get the actual exception message so we can inform the user exactly how linking failed , since there are myriad ways to actually fail .
The meat of our linking procedure will consist of calls to create - directories and create - symbolic - link , which may each throw errors .
Rather than cluttering up our link result code with the somewhat unsightly exception handling constructs , let 's define a simple macro that looks like an if block , with a fourth slot for error handling .
Our first attempt : an if statement with 4 blocks .
The fourth is a catch procedure called if an error is thrown .
The catch procedure receives 3 arguments , corresponding to the three usual pieces of information given with each exception : message , location , and argument list .
You might reasonably expect the fourth slot to be a code block like the others .
Using a lambda , though , lets the user choose his argument names , rather than having bindings magically appear in his environment .
( define - macro ( try - if pred conseq alt catch - proc ) ( let ( ( exn ( gensym ) ) ) `( handle - exceptions , exn ( , catch - proc ( ( condition - property - accessor 'exn ' message # f ) , exn ) ( ( condition - property - accessor 'exn ' location # f ) , exn ) ( ( condition - property - accessor 'exn ' arguments # f ) , exn ) ) ( if , pred , conseq , alt ) ) ) )
This function takes an error message and argument list ( as obtained from an exception ) and flattens them into a single string .
( conc is the do - what - I - want string appender . ) ( define ( error - > string msg args ) ( cond ( ( null ? args ) msg ) ( ( and ( pair ? args ) ( null ? ( cdr args ) ) ) ( conc msg " : " ( car args ) ) ) ( else ( conc msg " : " args ) ) ) )
I used try - if for a little while , but found it unwieldy .
Feel free to skip this excerpt from my first version of the link results code : ( try - if ( and ( create - directories ( pathname - directory src ) ) ( create - symbolic - link dst src ) ) ( cons moved - item xs ) ( error ' link - results " bad #f value " ) ;; this should never happen ( lambda ( msg loc args ) ( cons ( make - moved - item ( moved - item - source moved - item ) ( make - link - error ( error - > string msg args ) dst ) ) xs ) ) ) )
First I noted that we could pass the exception to the catch procedure instead of its components , then unpack the exception data in error -> string .
( define - macro ( try - if pred conseq alt catch - proc ) ( let ( ( exn ( gensym ) ) ) `( handle - exceptions , exn ( , catch - proc , exn ) ( if , pred , conseq , alt ) ) ) ) ( define ( error - > string exn ) ( let ( ( msg ( ( condition - property - accessor 'exn ' message # f ) exn ) ) ( loc ( ( condition - property - accessor 'exn ' location # f ) exn ) ) ;; ignored ( args ( ( condition - property - accessor 'exn ' arguments # f ) exn ) ) ) ( cond ( ( null ? args ) msg ) ( ( and ( pair ? args ) ( null ? ( cdr args ) ) ) ( conc msg " : " ( car args ) ) ) ( else ( conc msg " : " args ) ) ) ) )
In fact , we do n't even need the pred / conseq / alt arguments to try - if — we could change it into a generic try macro which executes a single try block .
On the other hand , perhaps only the predicate of the if should be evaluated within the exception handler .
Since handle - exceptions always returns , though , we could not distinguish between a return value from the catch proc and a return value from the predicate .
( In other words , how do we get the value of the predicate to the remainder of the if , while skipping the if when an error occurs ? )
Undoubtedly there is a way to do this , but our macro does n't need to be a catch - all solution , as long as it helps us do our work .
Therefore , our try macro will accept a single try block , returning its value .
However , if an error occurs during the try block , the catch procedure will be called with the exception and its return value will become the return value of try .
try consequently becomes just a very thin wrapper around handle - exceptions , and serves only to provide a different syntax .
( define - macro ( try try - block catch - proc ) ( let ( ( exn ( gensym ) ) ) `( handle - exceptions , exn ( , catch - proc , exn ) , try - block ) ) )
Creating the symlinks
We can now cut - and - paste ( yet again ) the move - results code and tweak it to perform symlinks instead of updating the plist dictionary .
We really should have abstracted out the common code earlier , but we were trying to get a proof - of - concept going and nice coding took a back seat .
Never fear : we will address this problem in a bit .
This code passes through the tracks list , looking up the corresponding moved - item record for each track .
If a unique destination file is found , then a symlink pointing to it is created in place of the missing source file .
Directories are created as needed for the symlink .
Any symlink that fails will have its moved - item - destination field set to ( error exception - message " / path/to/dest " ) .
Duplicate and not - found files will be skipped and are omitted from the results , just like in move - results .
At this point I went back and re-opened the iTunes database file , then re-evaluated bad - files to get a clean copy of the bad - file - list , because the plist dictionary had been modified when I was playing around with move - results .
( define link - results ( make - result ' link - results ( ns:enumerator - fold ( lambda ( x xs ) ( let* ( ( location ( @ x object - for - key : " Location " ) ) ( URL ( ns:string -> URL location ) ) ) ( if URL ( if ( @ URL is - file - URL ) ( let ( ( name ( ns:string - value ( @ URL path ) ) ) ) ;; REMOVE ( let ( ( moved - item ( hash - table - ref / default URL - to - moved - item - table ( ns:string - value location ) # f ) ) ) ( if moved - item ;; Verify pathname gibes with bad - file record .
( if ( string= ? name ( bad - file - name ( moved- item - source moved - item ) ) ) ( if ( moved-item- unique ? moved - item ) ;;
The meat : symlink the destination to the bad file .
( let ( ( src ( bad - file - name ( moved- item - source moved - item ) ) ) ( dst ( moved- item - destination moved - item ) ) ) ( try ( begin ( create - directories ( pathname - directory src ) ) ( create - symbolic - link dst src ) ( cons moved - item xs ) ) ( lambda ( exn ) ( cons ( make - moved - item ( moved - item - source moved - item ) ( make - link - error ( error - > string exn ) dst ) ) xs ) ) ) ) xs ) ;; this xs nest is here in case we want xs ) ; ; to warn or cons different messages xs ) ) ) ;; ... xs ) ;;
Not a file ; do nothing ( begin ( warning " invalid URL : " location ) xs ) ) ) ) '( ) ( @ tracks object - enumerator ) ) ) )
Finally , the payoff .
Having evaluated link - results , it turns out to be a good thing I saved all the error output .
Every single link returned an error : ( filter - result moved - item - unique ? link - results ) => ' ( link - results ) ( eqv? ( length link - results ) ( length ( filter - result moved - item - error ? link - results ) ) ) => #t ( write - list link - results " /tmp/link-errors.scm " )
Here 's an example failing record : ( moved ( bad- file " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/22/Depeche
Mode / Violator /02 Sweetest Perfection.mp3 " " file://localhost/mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/22/Depeche%20Mode/Violator/02%20Sweetest%20Perfection.mp3 " ) ( error " can not create directory - Permission denied : / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/ariana/22/Depeche
Mode " " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3/burned/15/Depeche Mode / Violator/02 Sweetest Perfection.mp3 " ) )
I forgot I did n't have proper permissions to write to my NFS drive !
So I created a new UNIX group , chgrp ed the music directories , and added my user to the new group .
The interpreter , unfortunately , had to be restarted to see this change .
Up to this point , I had been using one continuous interpreter session , a common paradigm in the Lisp world .
I was saddened at its passing , but resolved the next session would be even better .
With permissions fixed , I ran the query again and wound up with zero errors : ( filter - result moved - item - error ? link - results ) => ( link - results ) ( eqv ? ( length ( result - items ( filter - result moved - item - unique ? link - results ) ) ) ( length ( result - items link - results ) ) ) =>
#t I subsequently confirmed that all the links were created correctly , and that iTunes now had access to all my " lost " files !
I then reran the bad files query , and it came up only with the 21 files that were intentionally deleted .
( Actually , it came up with one extra album , due to my ill - fated attempts to import an updated XML file .
One of my albums was " reorganized " — i.e. renamed — by iTunes .
As soon as I accessed these songs ( via Get Info ) , iTunes magically found them again and updated the XML file . )
My article Moving unmanaged iTunes files explains how to make iTunes reference the real , underlying files in its database , so you can then dispose of the symlinks .
Cleanup !
As the late Harry Caray would say : " Holy cow ! "
Our code may work , but it sure is ugly .
We 've accumulated a bunch of global variables , many of which are used to share state between procedures .
We 've also done a lot of cutting - and - pasting , which has left us with similar but separate code for three different passes through the track list .
It probably was n't the best idea to put this cleanup off , because we 've got a lot of work to do .
On the other hand , now that we 've solved the problem , it is much clearer where exactly code can be refactored .
Let 's tackle global variables first .
Not all globals are bad — for example , constants that must be visible everywhere are fine .
We do n't have any of these , though .
( Chicken provides a define - constant form for true constants . )
Other globals such as name ( iTunes XML filename ) and lib ( the plist representing the iTunes library ) are just artifacts of our programming in the REPL .
These are simply passed as arguments to toplevel procedures ; they 're not referenced by name from within any procedures .
These are nice to have for REPL interaction , so we can safely remove them into a separate driver file , treating the main code as a library .
itunes: music -regexp
Our itunes : music - regexp might be a good candidate for a SRFI - 39 parameter .
It 's " mostly " constant and has a good default value , but we might want to override it .
Parameters , a form of dynamically scoped variable , are a safer substitute for global variables , as they are thread - local and you can also temporarily override them with the parameterize form .
The only place this variable is used is from within find - music - files ; we could certainly pass it as an ( optional ) argument instead .
But let 's make it a parameter and see how it turns out .
( define itunes : music - regexp ( make - parameter " .*\. ( [ Mm ] [ Pp ]
3 | [ Aa ] [ Aa ] [ Cc ] ) " ) )
Only the tiniest tweak to find - music - files is required .
( define ( find - music - files base - dir sig ) ( let ( ( table ( make - hash - table string= ? ) ) ) ( for - each ( lambda ( fn ) ( let ( ( short - name ( pathname - components - right fn sig ) ) ) ( hash - table - set ! table short - name ( let ( ( old - key ( hash - table - ref / default table short - name # f ) ) ) ( if old - key ( cons fn old - key ) ( list fn ) ) ) ) ) ) ( find - files base - dir ( itunes : music - regexp ) ; the only change cons '() ( lambda ( fn ) ( not ( symbolic - link ? fn ) ) ) ) ) table ) ) music - table - ref significant - path - components is used in both find - music - files and music - table - ref .
We could parameterize it so it 's accessible from both , or pass it as an argument .
However , once a music table is created , it should always be called with the same value of significant - path - components .
The approach in an " object - oriented " language might be to create an object containing significant - path - components and a hash table as instance variables , with a pathname lookup operation defined on the class .
In Scheme , we can use a closure to achieve the same effect .
We 'll change our fold function to take a music - lookup procedure , rather than a music table .
This procedure will accept one argument ( a path ) , returning the matching pathname (s ) in its database .
We can then implement music - lookup internally in any manner consistent with our goal .
In other words : ( music - table - ref music - table ( pathname - components - right name significant - path - components ) ) ; becomes ( music - lookup name )
Our implementation is a function - creating - function which will call find - music - files and return a music - lookup function .
music - lookup will be closed over both the table created by find - music - files and the significant - path - components passed to it .
This piggybacks off the toplevel music - table - ref , which can still be tested separately .
The drawback is the table is now read - only .
To avoid this , we could implement the music - table as a dispatch function ( an " object " ) instead , capable of doing both a lookup and returning the raw table , depending on which message you send the object .
Or we could implement it as the list ( music - table < sig - path - components > < hash - table > ) and have music - table - ref pull out the appropriate data .
The key realization here is that we can implement the music table any way we want , as long as we can create a 1 - argument music - lookup procedure that returns the correct data .
Whether music - lookup looks at global variables or is closed over the music - table data does n't matter .
Whether it sends a message to an object , or uses define - record accessors or list operations does n't matter .
We 've now achieved better encapsulation and separation of interface from implementation .
We could of course define find - music - files and music - table - ref within the closure created by make - music - lookup .
Neither needs to be visible in the global environment , and we would no longer have to pass significant - path - components as an argument to either .
However , functions defined within closures are often a pain to debug at the REPL ; I feel it 's often easier to test them when defined at toplevel .
I 'll keep the music table wrapped opaquely in the lookup function , but I may revisit this in the future if we need access to the hash table .
( If you 'll recall , earlier we did pull out all values in the music table , to obtain a list of every duplicate file .
So more transparency may indeed be warranted . ) ( define ( make - music - lookup base - dir . significant - path - components ) ( let * ( ( sig- components ( : optional significant - path - components 3 ) ) ( table ( find - music - files base - dir sig- components ) ) ) ( lambda ( path ) ( music - table - ref table ( pathname - components - right path sig- components ) ) ) ) )
The URL table I like the approach of creating a dedicated lookup function enough to do the same thing for the URL - to - moved - item - table .
This will be passed to the moved - and link - results generators .
( define ( make - moved - lookup bad - files ) ( let ( ( table ( make - URL->moved - item - table bad- files ) ) ) ( lambda ( location ) ( hash - table - ref / default table location # f ) ) ) ) location - fold and functified bad - files , move - files , and link - files Now that we 've addressed the global variable issue , we can turn our attention to the unconscionable reliance on cut - and - paste which festers yet and lurks malignly in the dark dank recesses of that grotesque silken - masked blasphemy ... our code .
We need to wrap the calls to ns:enumerator - fold inside functions , which we should have done in the first place .
Each of the result generators has only two free variables : tracks ( the track dictionary ) and a lookup function .
We can pass these as parameters to the new functions .
Additionally , much code is shared between all three ; we can abstract this out into a new function location - fold , which will accept a procedure argument meat that performs the unique code of the fold .
In all three cases the unique code refers to x , xs , location and name , so we 'll pass these as arguments to meat .
I will present the newly - abstracted code here without much comment .
Here 's an example of its use : ( define tracks ( itunes : tracks ( itunes:open-library " ~/Music/iTunes/iTunes Music Library.xml " ) ) ) ( define music - lookup ( make-music - lookup " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3 " ) ) ( define bad - files ( get - bad - files tracks music - lookup ) ) ( define moved - lookup ( make - moved - lookup bad - files ) ) ( link - files tracks moved - lookup )
Or , without intermediate variables other than tracks : ( define tracks ... ) ( link - files tracks ( make - moved - lookup ( get- bad - files tracks ( make-music - lookup " / mnt/mp3/scratch/cd/mp3 " ) ) ) )
And without further ado , the code : ( define ( location - fold tracks meat ) ( ns:enumerator - fold ( lambda ( x xs ) ( let* ( ( location ( @ x object - for - key : " Location " ) ) ( URL ( ns:string -> URL location ) ) ) ( if URL ( if ( @ URL is - file - URL ) ( meat x xs location ( ns:string - value ( @ URL path ) ) ) xs ) ;;
Not a file ; do nothing ( begin ( warning " invalid URL : " location ) xs ) ) ) ) '( ) ( @ tracks object - enumerator ) ) ) ( define ( get - bad - files tracks music - lookup ) ( make - result ' bad - file - list ( location - fold tracks ( lambda ( x xs location name ) ( if ( file - exists ? name ) xs ( cons `( moved ( bad - file , name , ( ns:string - value location ) ) , ( music - lookup name ) ) xs ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( link - files tracks moved - lookup ) ( make - result ' link - results ( location - fold tracks ( lambda ( x xs location name ) ( let ( ( moved - item ( moved - lookup ( ns:string - value location ) ) ) ) ( if moved - item ;; Verify pathname gibes with bad - file record .
( if ( string= ? name ( bad - file - name ( moved- item - source moved - item ) ) ) ( if ( moved-item- unique ? moved - item ) ;;
The meat : symlink the destination to the bad file .
( let ( ( src ( bad - file - name ( moved- item - source moved - item ) ) ) ( dst ( moved- item - destination moved - item ) ) ) ( try ( begin ( create - directories ( pathname - directory src ) ) ( create - symbolic - link dst src ) ( cons moved - item xs ) ) ( lambda ( exn ) ( cons ( make - moved - item ( moved - item - source moved - item ) ( make - link - error ( error - > string exn ) dst ) ) xs ) ) ) ) xs ) ;; this xs nest is here in case we want xs ) ; ; to warn or cons different messages xs ) ) ) ) ) ) move - files does share some code with link - files , but we 've abstracted enough for now .
( define ( move - files tracks moved - lookup ) ( make - result ' move - results ( location - fold tracks ( lambda ( x xs location name ) ( let ( ( moved - item ( moved - lookup ( ns:string - value location ) ) ) ) ( if moved - item ;; Verify pathname gibes with bad - file record .
( if ( string= ? name ( bad - file - name ( moved - item - source moved - item ) ) ) ( if ( moved- item- unique ? moved - item ) ( begin ( @ x set - object : ( path - > URL ( moved - item - destination moved - item ) ) for - key : " Location " ) ( cons moved - item xs ) ) xs ) ;; this xs nest is here in case we want xs ) ; ; to warn or cons different messages xs ) ) ) ) ) )
Congratulations !!
The end If you 've managed to read this far , your eyes almost certainly hurt .
Nevertheless , I hope this article has interested you in Cocoa programming in Scheme .
If you have n't already , download the source code for this article now .
It contains the same commentary and code — the article is generated directly from it — but the superseded code is commented out .
So you can load the entire file to use the finished code , or follow along with the article by sending code blocks from your IDE to your interpreter .
Or download the full article package , which contains the source , the plist library , the article text , the article generator , sample output and the extracted code stripped of commentary .
Comments on , questions about or quibbles with this article ?
Send a message to zb at this domain .
