( CNN ) --
When Cyndi met her husband at a picnic on the beach nearly 20 years ago , the two had instant physical chemistry .
" We would kiss and my hormones would go riding .
I 'd want it to last forever , more and more and more . "
But shortly before her marriage , she noticed something had changed .
" It took a few weeks for me to realize .
But , I said , ' Hey wait a minute .
For the last few weeks , I have n't responded when we kissed . ' "
A 2008 survey of more than 30,000 U.S. women published in the journal Obstetrics & Gynecology found that nearly 40 percent reported that they'd had a sexual problem at some point in their lives , with low desire being the most common issue .
Although it usually is a private matter , more women are sharing their frustrations online on sites like the Circle of Moms .
The progress toward a drug that could boost women 's libido has also sparked more conversation , including responses to a recent CNNHealth blog .
Now that possible solution may be one vote away .
On Friday , an advisory committee to the Food and Drug Administration declined to recommend approval of a highly anticipated new drug , flibanserin , saying it was not adequately effective at improving a woman 's sex drive .
Although advisory panels ' advice is not a final decision , the FDA usually follows their recommendations .
Flibanserin , a type of antidepressant medication , works by balancing the brain chemicals linked to sexual desire .
Hopes for its approval had been tempered Wednesday after an FDA review of studies found that when compared with a placebo , the response rate of flibanserin was " not compelling , " and the drug yielded only slight improvements for treating the condition .
Cyndi , 24 at the time , was in the process of planning her wedding and had just switched jobs .
She attributed her low sex drive to stress .
But when , months into her marriage , she still did not want to have sex with her husband , she knew the problem was greater .
" The hormones were n't doing anything , " she said .
" All I wanted to do was cry because I mourned what I had . "
Over the past 20 years , Cyndi said , she has explored various treatment options , including counselors , who told her to " just relax , have some wine , watch some porn , " and gynecologists who suggested she switch birth control pills .
She even signed up for clinical trials , submitting her body to uncomfortable and probing tests .
But in the end , nothing helped .
" Something in my body just stopped working the way it was supposed to , " Cyndi said through tears .
" I 've tried everything .
I 'm looking for a different level of solution here . "
The quest for the " female Viagra "
Flibanserin is not the only treatment making headway .
An Illinois company called BioSante Pharmaceuticals is conducting phase III clinical trials on a testosterone based product called LibiGel .
Testosterone , considered to be the principal male sex hormone , also appears in the ovaries of women .
Studies show that women with low levels , especially women going through menopause , are more likely to experience lagging libido .
According to BioSante Pharmaceuticals , preliminary studies of LibiGel show that women who applied a pea-sized amount of the gel to their forearm reported a 238 percent increase in satisfying sexual events during the four weeks of the trial .
The maker is looking at the possible cardiovascular risks associated with the testosterone increase and hopes to submit a drug application to the FDA by the end of 2011 .
In the meantime , there are very few options for women who experience problems with low sexual desire , also called hypoactive sexual desire disorder ( HSDD ) .
Other products , including a prescription - only clitoral therapy vacuum device designed to increase blood flow to the clitoris , have not been widely successful .
What 's the delay ?
It 's been 12 years since Viagra came on the market to treat male erectile dysfunction , so why has it taken so long to find help for women ?
The short answer :
It 's complicated .
" For men , the problem was with their genitals , and that was a lot easier to fix than fixing a problem in the brain , " said Sheryl Kingsberg , a clinical psychologist and professor in both the departments of reproductive biology and psychiatry at the Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine .
She said the cause of HSDD in women can be multifaceted .
" For some women that 's going to be biologic , so a pharmacologic option will be really important .
For others , what they really need is to focus on the psychological factors that create their willingness to be sexual .
Some women will be both , " she said .
Dr. Leah Millheiser , director of the Female Sexual Medicine Program at the Stanford University School of Medicine , has been conducting studies looking at the MRI images of women with extremely low libido .
She shows women erotic material while they undergo MRI exams and looks at the impact on neurotransmitters in their brains .
" What we found was really interesting .
Women with low libido were different in terms of their brain activity while watching the sexual scenes . "
In the MRI images of the brains of women with low libido , the bilateral putamen was activated .
That 's an area of the brain associated with identifying negative facial expressions , unhappiness or neutrality .
On the other hand , the MRI images of women with normal libido showed activity in the entorhinal cortex , an area of the brain where positive emotions are registered .
Millheiser said these findings are exciting because they help her counsel patients who feel as if they are the problem .
" For women with chronic low libido , it does n't change when they meet a new partner and it does n't change when they go on vacation .
It absolutely can be a problem in their brain and they should not feel guilty . "
Cyndi , now a 44 - year - old mother of two , has had sex with her husband only about once every three months -- at his request -- for the entirety of their marriage .
She said she is glad researchers are finally offering more concrete data , because for her the past 20 years have been a struggle .
" I miss it .
I miss passion .
For me there 's none of that because my body does not respond , " she said .
" I keep hoping that something will happen someday and we 'll know how to fix it . "
Nearly eight tonnes of endangered anteaters found on ship were destined for the dinner table , authorities say
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Chinese authorities have intercepted one of the biggest ever hauls of illegally smuggled pangolins , which were almost certainly destined for the dinner table .
Customs officials in Guangdong boarded a suspect fishing vessel and seized 2,090 frozen pangolin and 92 cases of the endangered anteater 's scales on 5 June , according to the conservation group Traffic , who have commended authorities for their work .
Police have arrested the six crew members , including five Chinese nationals who reportedly said they were hired to collect the contraband from south - east Asia and ship it to Xiangzhou port in Guangdong .
The other Malaysian crew member was said to have received instructions by satellite phone on where to rendezvous at sea to pick up the cargo .
The smugglers were intercepted as they prepared to offload the nearly eight tonnes of pangolin to another vessel off Gaolan island .
According to wildlife groups , China is the main market for illegally traded exotic species , which are eaten or used in traditional medicine .
Pangolin meat is considered a delicacy and their scales are thought locally to be beneficial to breast - feeding mothers .
As a result of demand , the pangolin populations of China , Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia have been virtually wiped out .
With traders moving further and further south , the animal is declining even in its last habitats in Java , Sumatra and the Malaysian peninsula .
It is a similar story for many species of turtle , tortoise , frog and snake .
China 's customs officials have often been criticised for turning a blind eye to this trade , which supplies the demand for exotic food and traditional medicine , particularly in Guangdong .
The Guardian has twice exposed restaurants that illegally sell pangolin .
In recent years , however , there has emerged a small but growing conservation movement in the province .
In the latest case , the authorities have also won praise for a decisive intervention and for sharing intelligence with overseas enforcement agencies , including Interpol , the Asean Wildlife Enforcement Network and Cites officials .
" Guangdong customs are to be congratulated on this important action against wildlife smugglers operating between south - east Asia and China , " said Professor Xu Hongfa , director of Traffic 's China programme .
To encourage tighter enforcement , conservation groups say it is not enough to merely criticise lax regulation .
The Wildlife Conservation Society held an awards ceremony earlier this year for Chinese officials who helped to expose the illegal wildlife trade .
In the far western region of Xinjiang , customs officers confiscated almost 8,000 horns of the Saiga antelope , an animal that is thought to have declined in the wild by more than 75 % in the past 10 years .
In the far northern Dalai Lake nature reserve , police were rewarded for confiscating 8,000 tonnes of aquatic products and 20 tonnes of medicinal herbs over the past nine years .
In the southern , enormously biodiverse region of Yunnan , a forest police officer won an award for catching 7,110 criminals and rescuing five Asian elephants , 182 pangolins , 10 black bears and two pythons over six years .
But these reported successes are likely to be only a fraction of the illegal wildlife products that are killed and smuggled without detection across borders and inside China .
On Tuesday evening , Steve Jobs sat down with Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg to discuss a smattering of topics that covered Apple 's stance on Flash , the iPhone 4G / Gizmodo saga , app store rejections , and everything in between .
Below is what the Apple CEO had to say regarding the ongoing controversy regarding Apple 's staunch refusal to support Flash on its mobile devices .
When pressed about Apple 's refusal to support Flash on the iPhone and iPad , despite the fact that it remains a ubiquitous part of most people 's browsing experience , Jobs explained that Apple does n't get behind what it categorizes as technologies with no future .
Apple is a company that does n’t have the most resources in the world , and the way we ’ve succeeded is to bet the right technological horse , to look at technologies that have a future .
We try to pick things that are in their springs .
And if you choose wisely , you can be quite successful .
Jobs went on to point out that Apple is often at the vanguard of abandoning technology that 's seen its day , such as floppy drives on the iMac and optical drives on the MacBook Air , and that Apple is often criticized for making what are considered crazy decisions that are ultimately proven to be ahead of the curve .
Returning again to Flash , Jobs said that Flash has had its day and that HTML 5 is now where it 's at .
Jobs opined that video on HTML 5 looks better , works better , does n't require a plugin , and while much of the Web does support Flash , " a lot of it is available in HTML 5 as well . "
When asked about his widely circulated " Thoughts on Flash " article from a few weeks back , Jobs noted that he wrote it after getting sick and tired of getting " trashed by Adobe in the press . "
Lastly , Walt Mossberg pressed Jobs and asked what Apple would do if consumers demanded Flash .
Jobs casually resopnded :
We ’re just trying to make great products .
We do n’t think Flash makes a great product , so we ’re leaving it out .
Instead , we ’re going to focus on technologies that are in ascendancy .
If we succeed , people will buy them and if we do n’t they wo n’t … .
And , so far , I have to say , people seem to be liking the iPad .
We sell like three iPads a second .
via All Things D
Washed Out 's " Feel it All Around " is a perfect example of the genre 's breathless simplicity : A single beat and a simple vocal line that immerses the listener in the weighted mood of an ethereal fugue state :
" Round and Round " by Ariel Pink travels from the same breathless simplicity into various song styles , from King Sunny Ade afropop to Holland - era Beach Boys with elements of musique concrete dropped in here and there .
With each new hit and new band building off of the sound came a new term to refer to it all by .
First it was called " Chillwave " , then " Hypnagogic Pop " , and then " Glo - Fi " , and eventually declared " the next big thing " .
Then it was declared dead , all in the course of a year .
Just as soon as critics were able to cobble together enough examples to define the genre , it was abandoned .
New York Times columnist Jon Pareles called it " annoyingly noncommittal music " and " a hedged , hipster imitation of the pop they 're not brash enough to make " after a showcase of similar bands at the 2010 South by Southwest festival this spring .
The article in The Wire magazine that defined the term " hypnagogic pop " garnered a slew of semi-hate mail , describing it as the " worst genre created by a journalist " .
Others , like Henry Gruel from Impose magazine , railed against the terminology .
" I hate to admit it when some wanker makes up a downright terrible term to reign in a disparate group of musicians " .
Even the bands that encompass the genre , like Neon Indian and Toro Y Moi , do n't believe the genre exists , or that it should be classified as such .
In this cultural digestion cycle , whether the music is good , or had something to say , is generally considered irrelevant .
Which is a travesty , since this trend , or non-trend of seemingly similar musical groups , still retains its potency .
Its breathless , dark ambience and ability to tap into underlying memories with tape hiss are powerful effects .
The worn pop melodies mine a murky memory hole of pop melodica while still retaining their own thoroughly unique identity .
The modern existential ennui of the lyrics is descendent from Brian Eno , Gary Numan , and David Sylvian .
Describing these songs as " haunted impressions of the ' 80s " might scare someone trying to kill the nostalgia that hounds that decade , but those faded memories just might reveal a powerful catharsis .
Brandon Soderberg of the Village Voice described the overall sound as " Christopher Cross on muscle relaxers " .
Whatever similarities the music might have to the minimalist horror trance of a highly obscure yet influential band like Suicide or to the New Age ambience of meditational trance recordings , it is that similarity to synth R&B and Californian light rock , or Yacht Rock ( Fleetwood Mac , Michael McDonald , Doobie Brothers , and later - era Beach Boys recordings ) , that are its strongest identifiers .
Two Dell employees were charged with computer fraud Tuesday , accused of using separate schemes to defraud their employer out of more than $ 133,000 through the unauthorized sale of company merchandise at greatly discounted prices .
Ryan Matthew Wells , 27 , of Yukon , is accused of defrauding Dell out of more than $ 113,900 by using his position as an employee to set up fabricated customer accounts in his relatives ' names .
He then allegedly manipulated prices to be paid for items , according to a probable cause affidavit filed in the case .
He is charged in Oklahoma County District Court with 10 counts of computer fraud .
Wells allegedly succeeded in executing 59 fraudulent orders , purchasing items for pennies on the dollar .
For example , he allegedly paid just 34 cents for five Dell projectors valued at $ 1,961.45 , and paid just $ 31.19 for five Sony Vaio table personal computers valued at $ 12,499.99 .
The last 15 of Wells ' orders allegedly were placed from his home after he had been terminated .
Wells told police he sold many of the items on Craigslist or eBay and paid off his student loans with the proceeds .
Phillip Valentine , 28 , of Oklahoma City , is accused of using his position as a Dell sales associate to give unauthorized discounts to friends .
Valentine is charged in Oklahoma County District Court with two counts of computer crimes .
He is accused of selling a camera lens that listed for $ 279.99 for $ 172.36 and another camera lens that listed for $ 1,349.99 for $ 831.05 without having authorization .
" There were numerous other transactions in which the suspect gave unauthorized discounts , ” an Oklahoma City police officer stated in an affidavit .
" The total loss to Dell Inc. at this time is approximately $ 19,335.87 . ”
Ask about our scheduled maintenance plans .
We can assist with any of your regular maintenance needs .
Ongoing preventative work for our clients usually includes matters such as scheduled water filter replacements , urinal maintenance and descaling , stormwater and drainage inspections , roof inspections , servicing of commercial space heaters and radiant tube heaters , servicing of water heaters and much more .
Scientists from Puleva Biotech and the Spanish Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas ( CSIC ) report that hydroxytyrosol was rapidly absorbed when provided as an aqueous supplement .
However , the levels of hydroxytyrosol absorbed were relatively low and a large number of metabolites were produced , according to findings of a study with 10 healthy volunteers published in Pharmacological Research​ .
Of the low levels of the olive compound measured , the researchers note that over 50 per cent of this was detected in LDL - cholesterol fractions , said the researchers , led by CSIC ’s Eduardo Lopez - Huertas .
“ The transient association with LDL observed in plasma may have physiological implications but more research is needed using larger intervention trials with different hydroxytyrosol and formulations that render hydroxytyrosol more bioavailable before any conclusion can be made , ” ​ wrote the researchers .
Hydroxytyrosol is thought to be the main antioxidant compound in olives , and believed to play a signficant role in the many health benefits attributed to olive oil .
Previous research by a team from the University of Barcelona found that LDL or ' bad ' cholesterol levels could be cut substantially after consuming just 25 millilitres of virgin olive oil daily for one week .
Other studies have suggested that it could also protect against cancer .
Data has also suggested the compound may boost eye health and reduce the risk of against macular degeneration .
“ Natural antioxidants are a main target for the nutraceutical industry , ” ​ wrote the researchers .
“ These results should provoke discussion concerning the number of commercially available products in the form of capsules of olive oil extracts , or olive oil antioxidant supplements , which try to mimic the antioxidant effects of virgin olive oil . ” ​
Study details ​
Huertas and his co-workers investigated the absorption of 99.5 per cent hydroxytyrosol in an aqueous solution in 10 healthy volunteers .
The dose used was 2.5 mg per kg of body weight .
“ The dose used in the study ( 2.5 mg / kg or 175 mg for a 70 kg subject ) , is well above the nutritional amounts of hydroxytyrosol present in virgin olive oil , but in line with the estimated intake of polyphenols in the diet from foods like coffee ( 200 mg / day ) , ” ​ explained the researchers .
The maximum blood levels for hydroxytyrosol and its metabolite homovanillic alcohol were detected after 13 and 16.7 minutes , respectively .
Moreover , analysis of LDL fractions in the blood showed that pure hydroxytyrosol transiently associated with LDL lipoproteins
“ The association of hydroxytyrosol with LDL , although brief , may be relevant in the context of the physiopathology of atherosclerosis , as oxidised / modified LDL trapped in the arterial intima seem to trigger early events of the process , ” ​wrote the researchers .
“ This association is likely to be prolonged in the case of hydroxytyrosol administered in olive oil due to its higher bioavailability , ” ​ they added .
Source : Pharmacological Research ​
Volume 61 , Issue 4 , Pages 364-370
“ Human absorption of a supplement containing purified hydroxytyrosol , a natural antioxidant from olive oil , and evidence for its transient association with low - density lipoproteins ” ​
Authors : M. Gonzalez - Santiago , J. Fonolla , E. Lopez - Huertas
UN Security Council members condemned Israel as they began an emergency session over Israel 's deadly raid on a flotilla of ships carrying aid to Gaza .
At least nine pro-Palestinian activists , some Turkish , were killed when Israeli commandos stormed the ships in international waters .
Turkey 's foreign minister called Israel 's actions " murder by a state " .
Israel 's UN envoy said troops acted in self - defence when activists attacked them , charges the campaigners deny .
" This flotilla was anything but a humanitarian mission , " Israel 's deputy UN ambassador Daniel Carmon said .
He said the activists had used " knives , clubs and other weapons " to attack the soldiers who boarded the lead boat , the Mavi Marmara .
The campaigners insist the soldiers opened fire without any provocation .
Injured activists have been taken to Israeli hospitals , while dozens of others have been detained and are being processed for deportation .
Israel has imposed an information blackout , making it difficult to gather first - hand accounts from the campaigners .
The ships were carrying 10,000 tonnes of aid in an attempt to break Israel 's three - year blockade of the Gaza Strip .
Global protests
The Security Council 's emergency session continues behind closed doors at the UN headquarters in New York .
Member states are debating a possible reaction to Israel 's killing of the nine pro-Palestinian activists in international waters .
ANALYSIS Image copyright ( C ) British Broadcasting Corporation For Israel , there are likely to be severe diplomatic consequences .
Pressure to end the Gaza blockade will increase - from Israel 's allies , as well as its enemies .
The damage done to what remains of Israel 's alliance with Turkey is serious .
Turkey is important because it straddles Europe and the Muslim Middle East - where it has real diplomatic influence .
Israel always relied on Turkish support .
That is no longer possible .
One question is how strongly the US tries to water down any criticism .
Their own relations with Israel have been in crisis .
The talks they are sponsoring between Israel and the Palestinians will probably continue , but under an even darker cloud .
Most of the activists killed are believed to have been Turkish , and Turkey led a chorus of criticism of Israel at the UN .
" In simplest terms , this is tantamount to banditry and piracy .
It is murder conducted by a state , " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said ahead of the session .
Mr Davutoglu told the BBC that Israel must issue an immediate apology for its storming of the aid ship and repatriate the pro-Palestinian campaigners .
None of the other 15 members of the Security Council was as outspoken in their individual statements , but most called for a full investigation and were critical of Israeli actions .
Many - including veto - wielding members France , Russia and China - also demanded an end to the Israeli blockade on Gaza which the aid ships were trying to break .
Israel 's closest ally , the United States , expressed concern , although deputy US ambassador to the UN Alejandro Wolff said it was still not clear what had happened .
" The US is deeply disturbed by the recent violence and regrets the tragic loss of life and injury suffered among those involved in the incident last night , aboard the Gaza - bound ships , " he said .
' Deep regret '
US state department spokesman Philip Crowley later said America " deeply regretted " the loss of life and expected a " full and credible " investigation by Israel .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has also called for a full inquiry .
Based on the stated positions of Security Council members , it is difficult to see how they can agree on a consensus statement , but that is what they are trying to do now behind closed doors , the BBC's Barbara Plett reports from the UN headquarters .
Diplomats say the draft text condemns the Israeli raid , requests immediate release of the impounded ships , and calls for an international investigation , our correspondent says .
Washington will face pressure to join the international condemnation of Israel , she adds .
There have been demonstrations against the Israeli operation in cities around the world , and several countries summoned their Israeli ambassadors demanding an explanation for the violence .
GAZA AID CONVOY Image copyright ( C ) British Broadcasting Corporation Consists of three cargo ships and three passenger ships
Most casualties reported on Mavi Marmara passenger ferry , one of three ships provided by Insani Yardim Vakfi ( IHH )
IHH is Turkish aid organisation with strong sympathy among Turkey 's ruling party , but is banned in Israel , which accuses it of links to Hamas and al - Qaeda
Other ships organised by the Free Gaza Movement , an international coalition of activist groups
Ships carrying supplies including cement , wheelchairs , paper and water purification systems
Flotilla 's 700 passengers mainly Turkish , but also include nationals of US , UK , Australia , Greece , Canada , Belgium , Ireland , the Swedish author Henning Mankell , two Australian journalists and three German MPs Israel faces flotilla raid fallout
Where next for Israel ?
In pictures : Aid ship stormed Reaction to Gaza aid ship deaths Guide : Gaza under blockade
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has condemned the Israeli " massacre " and declared three days of mourning across the West Bank .
The Arab League has called for an emergency meeting on Tuesday , as Jordan and Egypt - the two Arab states with peace deals with Israel - sharply condemned the violence .
For many critics of Israel - on the streets and in foreign ministries - it is not just about this single incident at sea , serious and deadly though it was , says the BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Jerusalem .
It is about a pattern of violent and disproportionate behaviour , with Israel playing to its own rules rather than international law , our correspondent says .
Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak told the BBC that Israel did not want to harm innocent civilians in Gaza , but had to fight the militant group Hamas which controls Gaza .
Israel imposed the blockade on the Gaza Strip after Hamas took power there in 2007 .
Earlier , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he regretted any loss of life , but gave full backing to the action of the Israeli troops .
Mr Netanyahu cut short a visit to Canada to deal with the growing crisis and cancelled a scheduled meeting in Washington with US President Barack Obama on Tuesday .
Image copyright bbc
The six - ship convoy left Cyprus on Sunday to carry 10,000 tonnes of aid to Gaza , despite repeated Israeli warnings that it would not be allowed to reach the territory .
It was due to arrive on Monday .
Reports say soldiers boarded the ships about 40 miles ( 64 km ) out to sea .
In Tel Aviv , Israel 's navy commander said the troops took over five boats without incident and that all of the violence was centred on the Mavi Marmara .
Organisers of the flotilla said at least 30 people were wounded in the incident .
Israel says 10 of its soldiers were injured , one seriously .
Israel has escorted the ships to the port of Ashdod and says it will detain or deport the passengers from there .
Israel says it allows about 15,000 tonnes of humanitarian aid into Gaza every week , but the UN says this is less than a quarter of what is needed .
A study that examined 30 years of standardized test data from the very highest - scoring seventh graders has found that performance differences between boys and girls have narrowed considerably , but boys still outnumber girls by more than about 3 - to - 1 at extremely high levels of math ability and scientific reasoning .
At the same time , girls slightly outnumber boys at extremely high levels of verbal reasoning and writing ability .
Except for the differences at these highest levels of performance , boys and girls are essentially the same at all other levels of performance .
The findings come from a study performed by Duke University 's Talent Identification Program , which relies on SAT and ACT tests administered to the top 5 percent of 7th graders to identify gifted students and nurture their intellectual talents .
There were more than 1.6 million such students in this study .
Researchers Jonathan Wai , Megan Cacchio , Martha Putallaz and Matthew C. Makel focused in particular on gifted seventh graders who scored 700 or above on the SAT 's math or verbal tests , which is higher than most high school juniors score .
Among these students at the very top of the performance curve , the differences in verbal and mathematical performance have maintained a persistent gender gap over the last 15 years , said Jonathan Wai , a post - doctoral research associate at Duke TIP , and lead author on a paper appearing in the July / August issue of the journal Intelligence .
advertisement
The ratio of 7th graders scoring 700 or above on the SAT - math was about 13 boys to 1 girl when it was measured in a landmark study 30 years ago , but that ratio dropped dramatically in the 1990s , Wai said .
Since 1995 , the gap has remained steady at about 4 boys to 1 girl .
The top scores on scientific reasoning , a relatively new section of the ACT that was not included in the earlier study , show a similar ratio of boys to girls .
Much has been said and written about the small numbers of women found in top positions in science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) , and there are probably many social and cultural reasons for that gap , said Wai .
But there do appear to be some real differences in math and science reasoning that may factor into the disparity .
" Our research only serves to inform the debate , " Wai said .
" It 's apparent that there are still differences in ability levels due to gender , even as women have occupied more STEM jobs in the last 30 years .
We will continue our research , but for now it seems that ability is still a factor in the equation . "
In earlier work that examined how many of these talented youngsters went on to earn Ph.D.s , publications , patents and tenured professorships , Wai and his colleagues at Vanderbilt University , David Lubinski and Camilla Benbow , found that differences in math ability did seem to affect what happened 20 years down the road .
" Differences in ability within the top 1 percent make a difference in predicting real world achievement in STEM and other areas , " Wai said .
" What matters is ability , not the sex of the individual , in predicting these outcomes . "
Acknowledging that there are some differences in ability might further the efforts to get more women into math and science , Wai said .
For example , it would be good to know more about what made the test performance gap close so dramatically between 1981 and 1995 .
" Perhaps that 's something we could use . "
advertisement
The research team , which included Megan Cacchio , a 2006 Duke graduate who started this study as her undergraduate honors thesis , also looked at 13 years worth of SAT and ACT data for U.S. high school students .
They found a similar pattern among the top performers .
In 2009 , males scoring a perfect 800 on the SAT - math outnumbered females about 2 to 1 .
" Even though there are more female role models in math and science now than 30 years ago and sex biases may have eased , we 're still seeing these differences among the most talented students , " Wai said .
The current study does n't address how those differences might affect a person 's career path directly , but " interests and preferences are probably more important than abilities , " he said .
" The more important question is whether these differences explain any of the gender differences in career choices and the kinds of behaviors linked to career success , and if so how much , " said Jacquellyne Eccles , McKeachie - Pintrich Distinguished University Professor of Psychology and Education at the University of Michigan , and director of the Gender & Achievement Research Program .
" This is a very hard question to answer when the social and cultural forces influencing career choices and persistence / engagement are also very strong . "
For more information about the Duke University Talent Identification Program , go to http://www.tip.duke.edu/.
Federal prosecutors alleged 11 people were spies living secret lives in American communities , from Seattle to Washington D.C. , sent years ago to infiltrate U.S. society and glean its secrets .
In an extensive and bizarre affidavit whose details echoed Cold War spy thrillers , the Federal Bureau of Investigation claimed the alleged spies were sent here by the Russian overseas intelligence service known as the SVR — the successor to the Soviet KGB — as early as the mid-1990s , and were provided with training in language as well as the use of codes and ciphers .
Their mission , according to the FBI , was contained in an encrypted 2009 message from Russian handlers in Moscow to one of the defendants that read in part : " You were sent to USA for long - term service trip .
Your education , bank accounts , car , house etc.— all these serve as one goal : fulfill your main mission , i.e. to search and develop ties in policy - making circles in U.S. and send Intels [ intelligence reports ] to " Moscow .
Many details of the alleged plot remained murky late Monday including the main impetus behind the intelligence program .
The Russian embassy in Washington Monday said there was n't anyone available to comment .
The U.S. and Russia have sent spies to each other 's countries for decades , even in the 20 years since the Cold War ended .
Still , the latest allegations come at a time when relations between the U.S. and Russia have been warming ; last week , Russian President Dmitri Medvedev visited President Barack Obama in Washington .
It ’s a shame that Steve Jobs is n’t fit to be a role model .
Jobs is one of the most accomplished marketers , industrial designers , and corporate turnaround masters of the past quarter - century .
He ’s also a jerk .
Nothing has changed on either score since Jobs cofounded Apple Inc. in 1976 .
We ’ve seen both sides of the Silicon Valley icon in recent weeks .
On Tuesday , Apple “ blew the doors off , ” as they say on Wall Street , with its latest quarterly results , surpassing analysts ’ expectations with a stunning 78 per cent jump in profits and 64 per cent surge in revenues .
That was on the strength of booming sales of Apple ’s latest smartphone , the iPhone 4 ; the iPad , Apple ’s just - released tablet computer ; and its venerable Macintosh computer line - up .
Most of the astonishing 8.4 million smartphones
Apple sold in the last three days of its most recent quarter were iPhone 4 ’s , first released on June 24 .
Which would rank the iPhone 4 up there with fire and desalinated water among the greatest new - product launches of all time .
But we ’ve also lately seen the arrogant Jobs , whose hand is guided by Divine Providence .
Jobs finally last Friday confronted “ Antennagate . ”
The iPhone 4 suffers a design flaw that causes dropped calls in regions with low signal strength .
And also when the device is held in a certain way , with one ’s hand touching the phone ’s lower left - hand corner .
Yet instead of a mea culpa last Friday , Jobs conducted a marketing event .
He trashed - talked the competition .
His most relevant assertions were based on flimsy or non-existent evidence .
Jobs insisted , falsely , that Apple has been preoccupied 24/7 with addressing the iPhone 4 ’s lost - signal problem since the first customer complaint soon after the device ’s launch .
Jobs ripped into a media that he believes has exaggerated the iPhone ’s reception failures .
“ I guess it ’s just human nature , ” Jobs said , descending to Nixon - grade bathos .
“ When you see someone get successful you just want to tear it down . ”
All of which is Grade A poo .
Apple ’s competition tends to avoid the iPhone 4 ’s external antenna - which wraps around the handset - in order to avoid reception problems .
Jobs made a bet , wanting more room inside his newest phone to bulk up its functionality .
And he lost .
Jobs ’s video presentations Friday of BlackBerrys and other rival smartphones similarly dropping calls were based on testing procedures entirely of Apple ’s devising .
No supporting methodology was offered .
Neither were data on the “ minimal ” number of dropped calls reported to Apple and its carriers .
Far from responding promptly to customer complaints , Apple was preoccupied with knocking down reported iPhone 4 complaints in Gizmodo and other tech blogs .
Jobs confronted Antennagate 22 days after the iPhone 4 launch , only after Consumer Reports four days earlier said it could not recommend the iPhone 4 , triggering a sudden drop in Apple ’s share price .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
An alert mainstream media would have picked up on the risks Jobs was taking with his latest iPhone .
Jobs chose to source the iPhone 4 ’s radio from Infineon , whose hardware is widely used in Europe .
But Infineon gear is not popular in North America .
In Canada and the U.S. , cell towers are placed further apart than Infineon hardware can as reliably handle .
Jobs also insisted , over the objections of exclusive distributor AT&T , on unlimited Web surfing functionality .
Sure enough , AT&T could n’t build out its network fast enough to accommodate the resulting voracious bandwidth demand , causing an unholy traffic jam .
When a reporter at Apple ’s non-apology apology event last Friday said he was unable to replicate the iPhone 4 ’s dropped - call problem with his BlackBerry , Jobs heatedly claimed that only about one in 200 iPhone 4 buyers had contacted Apple with complaints .
Putting aside that buyers of stale Cheerios usually do n’t complain to General Mills Inc. but to a supermarket manager , even Jobs ’ understatement of dissatisfaction works out to 42,000 complaints – or two - thirds the population of Venice .
Jobs probably will get a pass on “ Antennagate , ” as he has on outsourcing to a Chinese factory , Foxconn , where stressed - out workers have been committing suicide .
And on sourcing the “ blood metals ” tantalum , tin and tungsten essential to wired devices from places like Congo , where a civil war over ore deposits is killing about 45,000 people a month .
Consumer Reports is hardly proud about making Jobs blink .
CR is mightily impressed with the iPhone 4 , apart from how under ordinary conditions it often does n’t work .
Kevin McKean , CR ’s editorial director , wants to put the issue in perspective .
“ No one has ever died from a dropped cellphone call . ”
Hmm .
I vaguely recall when telephones were an essential service .
But Apple fans are indeed forgiving .
To paraphrase H.L. Mencken , surprisingly few enterprises have lost money insulting the intelligence of the buying public .
Romantic comedies might be light - hearted fun but the happy - ever - after movies are also impacting people 's real love lives , according to an Australian survey .
A poll of 1,000 Australians found almost half said romantic comedies with their inevitable happy endings have ruined their view of an ideal relationship .
One in four Australians said they were now expected to know what their partner was thinking , while one in five respondents said it made their partners expect gifts and flowers ' just because ' .
' It seems our love of rom-coms is turning us into a nation of ' happy - ever - after addicts ' .
Yet the warm and fuzzy feeling they provide can adversely influence our view of real relationships , ' said Australian relationship counsellor , Gabrielle Morrissey .
' Real relationships take work and true love requires more than fireworks , ' she said .
The survey was released by Warner Home Video .
The Jerusalem Post
African Soul Talk : When Politics Is Not Enough
Defending the Human Spirit : Jewish Law’s Vision for a Moral Society
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
As the din of the World Cup vuvuzelas faded , South Africa ’s visiting Chief Rabbi Warren Goldstein quietly deplored attempts in the international arena to draw a comparison between Israel and the former apartheid regime in his home country .
“ The accusation that Israel is apartheid is probably one of the most unjust accusations that could be made , ” Goldstein toldin an interview in Jerusalem on Sunday .
“ It is an insult to those who truly suffered under apartheid , it ’s morally offensive to compare the actions of the State of Israel to those of the South African apartheid government , and it needs to be refuted at every turn because of the danger that it poses .
” Goldstein said Israel and Jews around the world must work together to combat what he termed a dangerous phenomenon .
“ The State of Israel and Jewish people cannot afford to allow these lies to take hold , because of the danger they represent .
I saw firsthand what the international campaign against apartheid South Africa did to South Africa .
It saps the morale of the country , and it saps the country ’s desire to continue , ” he said .
“ We therefore have to be ready with all the arguments to refute it and say exactly why it ’s not .
” Goldstein , born in South Africa in 1971 and chief rabbi since 2005 , is no stranger to apartheid .
One of his books , , written together with Nelson Mandela ’s grandson , Dumani Mandela , deals with the values of the new post - apartheid , South Africa .
His other book , , is an adaptation of his doctoral dissertation in law .
A worldwide campaign to delegitimize a regime is not always bad , Goldstein said .
“ In the case of South Africa , it was great , because it was an evil system , and it was important that the there was an international campaign to sap the energy of the system so that democracy and freedom could come to South Africa .
” But in the context of Israel , said Goldstein , “ it ’s morally offensive to compare Israel to apartheid in any way .
Jews , and particularly the State of Israel , must launch a counter - offensive against that label but also against all the other forms of delegitimization taking place .
“ Within the undisputed 1967 borders of Israel , ” Goldstein noted , “ there is complete equality between Arabs and Jews .
Arabs vote , can and are elected to the Knesset , serve in the judiciary , all the way up to the Supreme Court .
These things were unheard of in apartheid South Africa .
You have a state based on the rule of law , democracy and freedom , and a state committed to servicing all of its citizens .
You can make the argument that there are areas where the state could have done more for a certain group , but fundamentally it is a state of equality .
“ Then , ” he continued , “ you have a border dispute between the Jewish people , represented by the State of Israel , and the Muslim world , where to draw the 1967 borders .
Israel has tried time and again to resolve that dispute and to make successful negotiations around that .
So where ’s the apartheid analogy ? ”
Without holding Israel above criticism , the Jewish state and Diaspora must not forget the elementary justice in Israel ’s very existence that should underlie any such discourse , according to Goldstein .
“ We all know that the various governments of Israel have made mistakes in the past , there is a lot of self - criticism and self - analysis in Israeli press , ” Goldstein said .
“ But what we need to be proud of as Jews is the justice of the cause of the State of Israel .
We can not get sidetracked by the fine print of the detailed criticism of this specific policy or this particular action .
This is the fundamental justice of the cause of the State of Israel .
“ And that ’s where we have to be completely unapologetic , ” Goldstein stressed .
“ Not because of ethnic solidarity , it ’s got nothing to do with that .
It has to do with justice , and it means to have the confidence to stand up for these beliefs that we hold dear .
” Goldstein has stood up against Justice Richard Goldstone ’s suggestion in his report on Israel ’s 2006 conflict with Hamas that the Jewish state had committed war crimes , while at the same time upholding the South African jurist ’s right to peacefully attend his grandson ’s recent bar mitzva celebration in Sandton .
The primary body to lead that struggle over public opinion should be the Israeli establishment , Goldstein suggested .
“ What is needed is a paradigm shift on the part of the government of Israel to address the question of putting its case before the world , in a way that receives as much attention and thought and planning and budget as the military .
When you come under attack from a military point of view , you ’ve got to have an army to defend .
Thank God Israel has a very successful military .
But in today ’s world you need an equivalent effort and energy put into explaining the case of Israel .
“ The Chazon Ish [ Rabbi Avrohom Yeshaya Karelitz ] said the key issue in defining the morality of an issue is to identify who is the victim and who the villain , ” Goldstein said .
“ That ’s the heart of the moral analysis that has to take place in these situations .
Each and every incident that occurs – the Second Lebanon War , Cast Lead , the flotilla incident – the State of Israel and world Jewry are on the back foot , condemned as villains .
There ’s a complete inversion of victim and villain , when in fact there ’s a strong argument to be made to the very reverse of that , that Israel is trying to make peace at every turn .
“ As soon as there ’s an Arab partner for peace , peace is made immediately , whether it was Egypt or Jordan .
When there ’s a remote desire to make peace , Israel is there .
But you ca n’t make peace alone .
” After some further thought , it occurred to Goldstein that “ there is actually a South African analogy ; the State of Israel is a lot like the ANC ( African National Congress ) , who waged an armed struggle .
The ANC wanted to be a peaceful party , they tried to negotiate with the national apartheid government , but they were not interested in talking with the ANC , who were forced into an armed struggle , since there was no partner for dialogue .
As soon as the national party under F.W. de Klerk were ready to talk , they made peace .
“ The State of Israel is like the ANC .
It ’s desperate to talk .
But you ca n’t make peace on your own .
That was tried in the Gaza disengagement and it did n’t work , ” he said .
“ It ’s true that the environment is hostile , and that there ’s a lot of unfair criticism of Israel and there are factors preventing a complete success .
But just because we can’t win it altogether , does n’t mean you do n’t try .
There ’s a terrible injustice taking place in the world , and we ca n’t remain silent . ”
Frenchwoman ' admits smothering eight newborn babies ' Published duration 29 July 2010
image caption Dominique Cottrez is being detained while the investigation continues
A woman in northern France has admitted killing her eight newborn babies but said her husband knew nothing about it , the prosecutor in the case has said .
Dominique Cottrez has been placed under investigation over the deaths , which happened between 1989 and 2006 .
Her husband has been freed without charge .
Mr Cottrez had initially faced investigation for allegedly concealing the bodies and not reporting crimes .
Mrs Cottrez , 47 , faces charges of the voluntary homicide of the babies .
Being placed under investigation is the first stage of criminal proceedings that can lead to charges .
The prosecutor had requested the charges of failing to report the killings and hiding the bodies against Mr Cottrez , but the prosecutor said the investigating magistrate in the case had ruled against this .
Wrapped in plastic
The remains were found in the village of Villers - au - Tertre , near the northern city of Lille , on Wednesday .
Police with sniffer dogs searched two houses in the quiet commuter village after the new owners of a house called them following the discovery of remains in the garden .
The house belonged to the parents of the arrested woman .
Police then conducted searches in another house in the village - that of the arrested couple - where the bodies of more babies were found .
Mrs Cottrez said she was fully aware of her pregnancies , but that she did not want any more children and did not want to see a doctor for contraception , the prosecutor in the case said at a news conference .
" This is a case outside of the norms given the number of newborns , " he added .
Mrs Cottrez said that after a first difficult birth because of her heavy weight , she did not want to see any more doctors .
She was alone in her pregnancies and while giving birth , the prosecutor said .
The remains found in the first house were wrapped in plastic bags , while the other six bodies were found in the garage of the second house wrapped in hermetically sealed plastic bags , hidden under a variety of objects .
The births of the eight babies were said to have taken place between 1989 and 2006 - 07 , the prosecutor said , although further tests will be able to determine the exact dates .
Mr Cottrez said he had never noticed his wife 's pregnancies because of her heavy weight , and had no idea she had been getting rid of the babies at birth , the prosecutor said .
Daughters speak
The couple have two grown - up daughters and grandchildren .
The two unnamed daughters , aged 21 and 22 , told regional newspaper La Voix du Nord that they could not understand what had happened .
The younger of the two said : " We never noticed anything .
She had her moments of weariness , it 's true , but she worked nearly 24 hours a day between her job as a home help and her housework . "
The eldest recalled how her mother had helped at the birth of her son : " She was there at the delivery with me , she was the one who carried him and wrapped him ...
We both had tears in our eyes . "
Both daughters added that they hoped their mother would get psychological help .
" She must feel relieved now that she has nothing left to hide , " said one .
Mrs Cottrez is a care worker while Mr Cottrez works for a construction company and is a member of the local council .
" He 's on his third term in office .
He used to volunteer in the community .
He 's a respectable man , " local mayor Patrick Mercier told reporters earlier on Thursday .
The BBC's Christian Fraser in Paris says France has had a string of cases in recent years involving the deaths of newborn babies .
In March , a mother confessed to killing six of her newborn children and hiding them in the cellar of her house in north - west France .
In 1984 a couple in Correze , central France , were jailed for killing seven of their newborn infants over a period of seven years .
In Germany in 2006 , Sabine Hilschenz was sentenced to 15 years in prison for the manslaughter of eight of her newborn babies .
A ninth baby also died , but too long ago to allow a prosecution .
A CONTROVERSIAL advertising campaign for Hunky Dorys crisps has been withdrawn after attracting over 300 complaints and a threat of legal action .
The campaign by Largo Foods featured women in revealing tops playing rugby under straplines such as “ Are you staring at my crisps ? ” and “ Tackle these ” .
The Advertising Standards Authority of Ireland ( ASAI ) said yesterday the company had accepted its request to pull the campaign because of the widespread criticism .
The process of removing posters and billboards had begun but would take several days to complete .
The Irish Rugby Football Union said last night it had reached an amicable agreement with Largo under which the company undertook to remove all references to rugby on the advertising .
The campaign , which cost € 500,000 , has been branded sexist , while the IRFU described the adverts as “ in poor taste ” and threatened legal action over a reference in the advertisement to the crisps as a “ proud sponsor of Irish rugby ” .
ASAI chief executive Frank Goodman said a decision on the complaints it had received would be published later this month .
Under a fast - track mechanism , which is triggered when complaints are deemed to be sufficiently grave , the authority had decided to ask Largo to remove the ads in advance of a formal decision on the complaints .
A complaint was made by the Rape Crisis Network Ireland , which claimed the posters were sending out messages that may condone or have the effect of encouraging unsafe actions .
“ These posters add to attitudes and behaviours that make Ireland a place where the casual and everyday sexual assault of women is permitted and unchallenged , ” its director Fiona Neary said .
The National Women ’s Council described as depressing the advertisement and the fact that the company would get “ masses of publicity ” from the controversy .
Largo Foods could not be reached for comment last night , but previously chief executive Raymond Coyle rejected the allegations of sexism and claimed the company just wanted to inject “ a little bit of fun into things ” .
Largo also said the reference to Irish rugby related to its sponsorship of the Navan rugby team .
As if by lightning : Stunning scenes as two bolts hit two separate Miami buildings at the same time
These stunning images show the moment lightning struck two separate Miami buildings at the same time .
The colourful sky display occurred in the early hours of this morning in South Beach during an extraordinary electrical storm over the popular holiday destination
A photographer managed to capture the scene as lightning streamed across the sky and two bolts hit the structures in unison .
Electrifying : Stunning scenes as lightning strikes two buildings over South Beach , Miami in the early hours of the morning
Light up the sky :
The colourful display during the storm in Miami
However this type of sky activity is a familiar sight in Florida during the summer months , the nearby city of Tampa , has been nicknamed the ' lightning capital of the world ' .
The picture comes just a week after lightning struck two landmarks in Chicago at the same time .
Electricity rushed down the lightning rods atop the The Willis Tower and the Trump Tower at the same instant .
GeeCee alerted me to this , and I thank her for her excellent journalistic nose .
Eurogamer ran a review on Rise of the Godslayer , but you wo n’t find it on their website .
Well , not anymore .
It ’s been taken down , as Eurogamer ’s editors are “ not completely satisfied that it meets the standards expected of MMO reviews . ”
This … this is n’t the first time Eurogamer has encountered controversy when reviewing an MMO .
Almost exactly a year ago , Ed Zitron wrote an extremely critical review of Darkfall , in which he gave the game a two - out - of - ten .
The low score was significant , but only as the proximate cause for an even larger strom , one that was inaugurated when the lead developer of Darkfall , Tasos Flambouras , called out Zitron on the game ’s official forums .
Using Darkfall ‘s server logs , Flambouras argued that Zitron had only played Darkfall for roughly two hours , with most of that short time spent in the character creator .
Eurogamer did n’t pull the review , and they stood by their writer … but they did commission a second review .
At the time , none of this really mattered to me .
Darkfall did n’t interest me in the slightest .
I was trying out WAR for the first time .
The only reason I knew about this controversy was because I ’m a regular reader of Massively , and I followed the news only as an everyday lover of schadenfreude would .
But Massively is n’t the only website I read for gaming news .
In particular , there ’s one other – Rock , Paper , Shotgun .
RPS focuses solely on PC gaming , and among other fantastic articles , the writers post hilarious and poignant multiplayer “ Let ’s Play ! ” pieces .
The staff also has close ties with Eurogamer .
And so it came to pass that one of RPS ’ founders , Kieron Gillen , wrote Eurogamer ’s re-review of Darkfall .
That re-review is the most memorable piece of game journalism I ’ve ever read .
It helps that its first sentence – “ Of course , I have n’t played it enough . ” – is one of those fantastic , Howard - Roark - laughed , Call - me - Ishmael - type openings .
Gillen alternates between analysis of Darkfall and its flaws , and meditations on how an MMO review should be written .
He concludes that MMO reviews , written in the style of conventional game reviews , are all but doomed to failure .
Writers are n’t paid by the hour , but by the word count ; it ’s just not worth it to invest more time for the same amount of pay .
And if a writer sticks with the game for sixty plus hours , there ’s a good chance they ’ve joined a self - selecting crowd that finds in the game something to enjoy .
In Gillen ’s analysis , there ’s no right way to review an MMO , but there are plenty of wrong ones .
And so we return to the review of Rise of the Godslayer .
It ’s been taken down , but the comments betray some of the review ’s more memorable lines .
And I ’m going to use said comments as evidence – is that fair ?
Maybe not .
It ’s clear that Eurogamer recognizes that the review was lacking in some way , and they ’ve take steps to contain the situation .
But , come on , guys – somewhere , multiple people thought the review as originally printed was a sufficiently rigorous piece of game journalism that it merited publication .
Or maybe they did n’t – maybe the pressures of time and the market forced the powers - that - be to accept a deficient story .
I do n’t know .
But it was published to the internet , and once something is on the internet …
The byline is currently “ Eurogamer staff , ” but the comments point to Quintin Smith as the original author .
Which … is a surprise ?
“ Quinns ” is n’t a regular contributor to RPS , but he is a presence , a personality , on the website .
In the two “ Let ’s Play ! ” pieces linked above , Quinns is a larger - than - life figure , boisterous and funny and likable and despicable , “ the man you love to hate . ”
And so , a gaming journalist I know and enjoy through RPS writes a review of an MMO expansion which is subsequently pulled because of quality control .
Just what – going off of these second hand comments – went wrong ?
There ’s the question of how and when Rise of the Godslayer was reviewed .
This was a ‘ day zero ’ review , released the day before RofG went live .
Did Smith play in the closed beta , or the open beta that lasted for three days ?
As a game journalist , was he afforded special access ?
Just how much of a massive mutliplayer online game can you review in beta , open or closed ?
If you are n’t subscribed to an MMO and have n’t played since launch , can you really get the feel of what an expansion adds ?
Then there was the tone of the article .
Can it really be said that lines like “ Behold the magical , mystical land of …
China !
They should have rolled with it and made Age of Conan : Conan vs. Communism . ” are accurately engaging the source material ?
What does the People ’s Republic of China actually have to do with an Asian - themed fantasy game , especially in light of the fact that the developers have said their main influences were drawn from classical Chinese and Korean culture ?
Another excerpt , probably my favorite :
Age of Conan already had redundant abilities and a wealth of tactical options , so with the addition of dozens more perks and powers , character advancement can begin to feel a little sordid .
Dropping into one of the level 80 characters
Funcom kindly provided me with , I found myself having to study four racks of abilities and stances with at least a dozen more powers sat eagerly in menus , waiting to be given slots .
But then once I did figure out what I was doing I found I could slouch through every fight with the same series of combos .
Like one of the commentators pointed out , no one in their right mind would say of Cataclysm : “ Not having played WoW before , I was presented with 4 bars of something called ‘ skills ’ – it took a bit of getting used to , but in 10 minutes I figured how to play the game ’s end - game content and it sucked .
Furthermore , I found all the abilities at my disposal to be convoluted and unnecessary . ”
At the root of it all is a general sense of ignorance of the game ’s development cycle and what , as a full package , Age of Conan has to offer .
The author advances statements about the game ’s current condition that are , by all accounts , no longer correct .
For instance , Smith appears to question the utility of adding another early - mid - level zone , saying “ The lack of content that puts Conan players at risk of having to grind appears between levels 50 and 80 , not 20 and 40 . ”
He is apparently ignorant of Ymir ’s Pass and Tarantia Commons , game zones added after launch to deal specifically with his complaint .
And at another point , Smith seems to cite RofG ’s lack of a level cap increase as a dissappointed .
“ Khitai is big enough to render the fact that Rise of the Godslayer does n’t include a level cap increase absolutely absurd .
There are four huge , wide - open areas to explore , each as big as Gateway to Khitai , except with more dungeons .
By Conan ’s standards , there ’s enough here to hypothetically nudge a player up to level 100 , or perhaps even 110 . ”
And at another point : “ It ’s through factions that you ’ll acquire some of the epic loot that ’s your only real goal in Khitan , since you ’re not levelling up . ”
Why is the Alternate Advancement system not seen as a legitimate form of deepening the end game ?
Gillen was correct in assessing the difficulties of reviewing an MMO .
Unlike the majority of video games , MMOs are n’t static .
The change an FPS undergoes when a new map pack purchased or a new patch releassed is glacially slow when compared to the speed with which MMOs are ( should be ? ) patched and modified .
And MMOs are also massive – it ’s in their genre title , for gosh sake .
Taken together , these two facts – the evolving nature of MMOs , and the breadth of their content – preclude the chance that MMOs can be treated like normal games .
Maybe the best solution is getting the group of self - selecting game advocates to stick with their favorite MMOs .
Because the fact is , the current system is n’t working – there wo n’t always be a Gillen to re-review the works of game journalism ’s Zitrons and Smiths .
EDIT : I ’ve since expanded on some of my ideas and retracted some of my claims , here .
Egg 2 : Insert disc # 4 , go into ...
Egg 1 : Insert disc # 4 , go to the extras menu and highlight " scenes from the round table " and press left , exhibit A will highlight , press play to view a seinamation about the vanwyck way back from the " busboy " in season 2. Egg 2 : Insert disc # 4 , go into ... more
Inside is a great featurette interviewing virtually every actor and support actor about ...
Load disc two of season seven and enter the ' episode ' menu .
highlight ' set up ' and press down twice .
this will highlight elaine 's button in the lost and found box .
Inside is a great featurette interviewing virtually every actor and support actor about ... more
On Seinfeld Season 4 Disc 2 go the the Extras menu and select " In the Vault " ( deleted scenes ) .
Scroll down three places to " The Virgin deleted scenes " , then scroll to the right and a red triangle will become highlighted .
Press enter to view a scene between ... more
Many people know that Larry David does the voice for George Steinbrenner , but a little less known cameo by David was the episode where Jerry was in first class and Elaine was in coach on the plane .
The guy that says , " I ordered the Kosher meal , " was ... more
In a number of the early episodes , on the refrigerator in Jerry 's apartment is a large yellow sticker that reads " GW Colonials "
This is a tribute to Seinfeld 's then real - life girlfriend ( Shoshanna ) who attended George Washington University - their team ... more
In The Episode Were Jerry and Elaine see George 's father in the streets after shopping .
Mr. Constanza is talking to a man in a cape who is Larry David
enter disk 2 of Season 8 Of Seinfeld , and go to the extras menu .
Move your cursor over the sein- imation and hit left twice .
The no-smoking sign will light up , hit enter .
A featurette entitled " The Bench : Life Before Seinfeld " will start up .
In this episode , Kramer retires in Florida next door to Jerry 's parents .
This is where Kramer runs for condo president .
During the campaign scenes , front pages of the condo newsletter ( " The Boca Breeze " ) pop up three different times , each with different ... more
In the episode where Elaine meets a bizzaro set of friends ( the anti Jerry , George and Kramer )
She pays a brief visit to the bizarro Jerry 's apartment .
It is fairly easy to see the apartment is a mirror image of Jerry 's , but one small detail jumped out ... more
On Disc 1 of Season 4 , go to the extras menu .
Highlight " Inside Looks " and press down or " Regis & Kathie Lee Parody " and press up .
A birthday cake will appear .
Press enter and watch the cast sing " Happy Birthday "
In the episode where Jerry witnesses an accident by his girlfriend , he debates if he should tell the girl across the street that he know who hit her car .
He finally goes and tells her .
The girl is none other than Helen Slater who played Superman 's cousin , ... more
In every seinfeld episode , there is a superman picture or statue somewhere
In every apartment episode look at the cereals , they are always in alphabetical order .
Jerry Seinfeld 's real dad used to own a sign - making company , called Kal Signs .
In the first few minutes of a few of the episodes , if you look behind them when they are walking down the street , there is a sign for Kal Signs .
Gee , I wonder why that was ... more
In the episode ( I forget the title ) where they go to see Prognosis Negative , this is a referance to a screenplay Larry David wrote with the same title .
I 'm sure there have been other referances to his screenplays over the span of the show .
In Wayne Knight 's ( Newman 's ) room is a poster for the film ' Jurassic Park ' which the same actor starred in .
In the 7th season episode , " The Gum , " the series co-creator , Larry David , is the person who refuses to take George 's money ( George drew red lips on Andrew Jackson ) .
In one part of the episode Kramer swings into Jerry 's apartment with a bandage on his head .
George is standing by the counter and Kramer says " Hey Mike ! "
This is a reference to Jerry Seinfeld 's real life friend Mike Costanza who George Costanza is modelled ... more
In the episode where Newman busts Jerry for mail fraud , in the background on the wall we see a poster of James Dean .
Liz Sheridan , who played Jerry 's mother , was James Deans fiance at the time of his death .
Maybe the producers put this in as a tribute ... more
There are a number of characters that have appeared in Seinfeld that were named for production people and " friends of the show " .
Alec Berg , ' Crazy ' Joe Davola , Joe Mayo , Christine Nyhart , Stevie Koren , Jed Elinof , Thomas Azzari and Kenny Kramer , to name ... more
I may be wrong , but I believe Larry David makes his first cameo in the second season of Seinfeld on " The Chinese Restaurant . "
When Elaine approaches the table of elderly people to eat off of their table , David 's voice is clearly heard saying " What did ... more
To find this egg click on the " Extras " sign that is found on the disk menu screen which portrays the lobby of the Chinese Restaurant .
Once into the " Extras " portion enter the " Inside Looks " .
From here just click left toward the Fortune Cookie in the upper ... more
This egg occurs in the episode " The Blood . "
Elaine and George are at Elaine 's friend 's house outside of the city , where Elaine is babysitting her friend 's son , and is trying to get out of it because the kid keeps pouring juice in her purse and being a ... more
In the episode " The Face Painter " , a man named Alec Berg offers Jerry tickets to a Rangers - Sun Devils game .
Alec Berg is also the name of a Story editor / Program Consultant for the show .
Under episodes , choose The Foundation .
Scroll through all of the choices until you are on Main Menu .
Press down again twice and the ' receipt box will turn blue .
Press enter and you will see a clip of Robert Padnick 's Bar Mitzvah ....
Season 8 disk 1 Under episodes , choose The Foundation .
Scroll through all of the choices until you are on Main Menu .
Press down again twice and the ' receipt box will turn blue .
Press enter and you will see a clip of Robert Padnick 's Bar Mitzvah .... more
These are examples ( maybe I 'm stating the obvious ...
The episode where George tries to steal Jerry 's move ( in bed ) by writing it on his hand , and another character ( was it Putty ??? ) blatantly stole Jerry 's move , was not really about a " move " at all !
These are examples ( maybe I 'm stating the obvious ... more
In the episode " The Note , " when Jerry is dreaming about the crazy guy on TV screaming " flaming globes , " the crazy guy is Larry David .
/ 10 with 10 votes / 10 with 5 votes / 10 with 11 votes / 10 with 33 votes8 Comments - read or post /10 with 443 votes3 Comments - read or post /10 with 14 votes / 10 with 1 votes / 10 with 61 votes / 10 with 23 votes / 10 with 6 votes / 10 with 56 votes5 Comments - read or post /10 with 633 votes16 Comments - read or post /10 with 190 votes12 Comments - read or post /10 with 88 votes9 Comments - read or post /10 with 74 votes7 Comments - read or post /10 with 174 votes6 Comments - read or post /10 with 79 votes8 Comments - read or post /10 with 93 votes3 Comments - read or post /10 with 13 votes / 10 with 56 votes12 Comments - read or post /10 with 3 votes1 Comments - read or post /10 with 15 votes / 10 with 15 votes / 10 with 14 votes / 10 with 5 votes2 Comments - read or post /10 with 258 votes4 Comments - read or post /10 with 7 votes
UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar ( 4 - 1 ) has brought in arguably the most recognized fighter in the sport .
Randy Couture ( 18 - 10 ) has joined Lesnar 's camp for preparations as the heavyweight champ is set to defend his title against Shane Carwin ( 12 - 0 ) at UFC 116 on July 3 .
In the video provided , Lesnar states that after Couture and himself fought , the two of them continued to stay in touch .
Couture explained , " For Brock 's future in fighting I think he 's doing all the right things , I mean look at this facility .
How many athletes make that kind of commitment to isolate themselves , bring in great trainers , great training partners . "
Video courtesy of Death Clutch .
SARANAC LAKE , N.Y . — Sylvie Nelson 's border crossings are anything but routine .
Customs agents sometimes order her out of her car .
Twice , they handcuffed her in front of her young children .
Once , agents swarmed her car and handcuffed her husband , too .
She tells them :
It 's not me you want , it 's a man with the same birth date and a similar name .
Agents always confirm that and let her go .
Then it happens again .
And again .
" I can understand one missed identification , " Nelson said .
" But over and over and over again ? "
Nelson , a 44 - year - old white woman , keeps getting snared at the Canadian border because she apparently shares some key identifying information with a black man , possibly from Georgia , who is in trouble with the law .
While such cases of mistaken identity at border points and airports are not unique , Nelson 's case is unusual in that only some of her crossings set off an alarm and because federal officials have not fixed the problem after almost two years .
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials told The Associated Press they cannot discuss Nelson 's case , and they have shared few details with her .
Still , it 's clear from their correspondence with Nelson and her congressman that they acknowledge the problem , saying they have taken " positive steps " to address it .
The nation 's 4,000 - mile boundary with Canada is tested regularly by people trying to smuggle cigarettes , drugs and illegal immigrants .
In New York , the drive - through crossings also are kept busy by steady streams of shoppers , tourists and people with personal ties to both countries , like Nelson .
Nelson was born in Canada , married an American and lives with him , her 6 - year - old daughter and 2 - year - old son in Saranac Lake , where she runs the chamber of commerce .
She became a U.S. citizen in 2008 .
Nelson crosses the border several times a month to visit relatives , friends and her family 's second home , using her Canadian passport to leave the country and her U.S. passport to get back in .
Her U.S. passport first triggered an alarm in August 2008 .
Agents told her the mix - up would be corrected , and she crossed without incident many times after that .
In December , she was ordered from her car and handcuffed as she came back from a Montreal shopping trip with her children .
Nelson was mortified and melted into tears but was soon told she was free to go .
It happened again in February at a different New York crossing .
Agents surrounded her car and her husband also was handcuffed .
Again , she was let go .
" They never apologize , " Nelson said .
" They basically tell you that they 're doing their job for the better good of the world . "
Nelson has struggled to get information from Homeland Security officials .
They will not tell her who she is being confused with or why the problem persists .
She does n't know why her passport triggers alarms some days but not others .
Much of what she knows comes from bits of information gleaned at her border stops or from U.S. Rep.
Bill Owens , who has been trying to help her .
There is no indication Nelson is on the terror " watch list " that makes headlines when babies or politicians are mistakenly entered into the database .
She believes another agency 's computerized index of criminal justice information may be at fault .
Nelson says the man appears to be wanted in DeKalb County , Georgia , though neither the county sheriff 's office nor the Georgia Bureau of Investigation came up with a match for a man with Nelson 's birth date and last name .
Owens said he was told the problem endures because of a " technology issue . "
Customs spokeswoman Joanne Ferreira said the agency cannot discuss individual cases for legal and enforcement reasons .
Ferreira wrote in an e-mail to the AP that " CBP strives to treat all travelers with respect and in a professional manner , while maintaining the focus of our mission to protect all citizens and visitors . "
A customs official told Owens in a May 19 letter that there were " positive steps " in Nelson 's case .
She triggered an alarm since then , though her last two crossings were uneventful .
Nelson now warns agents at the border about her problem before they scan her passport .
She is no longer handcuffed .
" I think it 's been reduced from embarrassing and nerve wracking to just frustrating , " Owens said .
The head of New York 's Champlain crossing gave Nelson his cell phone number so she can call before crossings so he can help .
She refuses to call ahead , reasoning that the government should be responsible for fixing its own problem .
" Right now , I 'm frustrated , " she said , " but the terrifying could be right around the corner .
Who knows ? "
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
By Damien Millet , Sophie Perchellet and Eric Toussaint .
Translated by Christine Pagnoulle and Marie Lagatta
June 28 , 2010 -- Committee for the Abolition of Third World Debt --
As at its previous meetings , the Toronto summit of the exclusive G20 club , to which the world ’s richest countries invited the heads of state of the major emerging countries , once again raised great expectations only to end as an empty bubble .
As in London in 2008 , then Pittsburgh in 2009 , the Toronto G20 discussions focused on a way out of the economic crisis .
But a capitalist way out , favouring creditors and great powers .
For the last two years global financial regulation has been an elusive sea serpent , unsurprisingly resulting in no concrete measures .
To appease their citizens who pay a high price for the consequences of the present crisis , although they bear no responsibility for it , governments pretend they are trying to redefine the rules in the global financial game whereas for decades they have promoted the cancellation of any rules that would protect the world ’s peoples .
Regulation of the derivatives market , i.e. purely speculative financial innovations with no social utility , capital requirements for banks , limits on the new surge in bonuses for executive officers in major banks , taxation of major banks and financial transactions are issues that brought out sharp divergences within the G20 .
This is a very convenient way of not deciding on anything .
This agenda wo n’t be discussed until the next G20 summit in Seoul in November 2010 .
This is an effective means of making no progress on this essential issue .
Each media show is sure to feature the same harping against protectionism .
All over the world , the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , backed by the World Bank and the International Monetary Funds ( IMF ) , pursues its mission of doing away with national protections , viewed as obstacles to free trade .
This means people ’s fundamental rights , such as the right to food sovereignty , are sacrificed on the altar of growth and profits .
However , the various crises that have shaken the world in recent decades have their origin in this very liberalisation of trade and of the flow of essential speculative capital .
The major financial deregulation in the 1990s , destroying complete sectors of national economies , and dismantling the state set the stage for the sudden offensive of capital holders against populations all over the world , first in the global South but now also in the North .
The current crisis and bank bailout plans have hugely increased the public debts of countries in the North .
The hurricane of austerity measures unleashed on European countries has led to drastic public spending cuts while preserving returns on capital .
The G20 thus committed itself to fiscal plans that will at least halve deficits by 2013 and stabilise or reduce government debt - to - GDP ratios by 2016 .
| 1 |
The cuts needed to achieve this will put the burden on working - class people and favour affluent classes .
The toxic remedies first applied in the 1980s are back : wage cuts or freezes , higher VAT , deregulating the labour market , privatising public companies , retirement pension system “ reforms ” .
The first victims of all these austerity measures will be found among the people whose situations are most precarious .
Since 2008 , the IMF has opened credit lines to some 10 European countries .
In Iceland , the people have made clear that they would not pay for the financial and banking sector ’s mistakes .
In Romania the 15 % cut in retirement pensions was ruled unconstitutional despite IMF pressure .
In Ukraine , relations between the IMF and the government have stalled since the latter ’s unilateral decision to raise minimum wages by 20 % .
Several major demonstrations have taken place in countries hit by these policies , as well as in Toronto , where anti-G20 demonstrations were brutally repressed .
The G20 summit was thus merely one more building block in a capitalist way out of the crisis .
For everyone struggling for social justice , this G20 is an empty shell : it relentlessly makes the same unjustifiable demands and comes up with the same old phoney “ solutions ” .
Leaving aside the illegitimate G8 and G20 , the very root of these crises must be tackled , by expropriating banks and transferring them to the public sector under citizens ’ control , by a citizen ’s audit of the public debt to cancel illegitimate debts , by establishing genuine tax justice and a fairer distribution of wealth , by fighting massive tax fraud and evasion , by regulating financial markets through a register of shareholders and the prohibition of short sales , by a radical cut in working hours to create jobs while safeguarding wages and increasing retirement pensions .
To achieve this we have to build a vast popular mobilization to unite local struggles on an international level and do away with socially regressive policies .
[ Damien Millet , Sophie Perchellet and Eric Toussaint are spokesperson , vice - president of CADTM France and president of CADTM Belgium respectively . ]
Note
|1| The G - 20 Toronto Summit Declaration http://g20.gc.ca/toronto-summit/sum...
Greetings loyal Fold !
If you missed Part 1 somehow … you ’re excluded from being called “ loyal ” .
Here ’s an easy one for today because , deep - down , we all love zombie - survivalism .
If Bear Grills did a special on how to survive a zombie apocalypse , it would probably be the most watched episode ( and I know that he , or maybe the other guy , did a post - apocalyptic scenario , but it did n’t include zombies OR mutated people , so it ’s not a real post - apocalypse scenario .
Someone is going to eat people . )
Anywho , here ’s the prompt :
Let ’s come up with a list of things that you and I know about what to do about a zombie outbreak .
I ’ll start ( natually ) with this sound advice :
Go for the head .
- bman
President Barack Obama has vowed to " make BP pay " for damage caused by the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , in his first national address from the Oval Office .
Mr Obama said he would meet company executives later and tell them that they must set up a fund to compensate those affected by the spill .
He described the spill as an assault on the shores and citizens of the US that tested the limits of human technology .
And he said it demonstrated the need to end the US " addiction " to fossil fuels .
Hours after the government sharply increased its estimate of how much oil was flowing into the Gulf from the broken well , Mr Obama warned that the risks of another such incident would continue to rise because " we 're running out of places to drill on land and in shallow water " .
He called on the Senate to pass an energy bill that has already cleared the House of Representatives .
Presidents use the Oval Office for what they regard as vital national issues .
The speech comes as opinion polls suggest a majority of Americans disapprove of how Mr Obama has handled the crisis - the worst environmental disaster in US history .
' Mutual goals '
In his speech , Mr Obama likened the spill to an " epidemic " and reiterated that BP would be made to pay for the damage .
" We will make BP pay for the damage their company has caused , " Mr Obama promised .
He said he would meet BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg later on Wednesday and " inform him that he is to set aside whatever resources are required to compensate the workers and business owners who have been harmed as a result of his company 's recklessness " .
He added : " We will fight this spill with everything we 've got for as long it takes . "
In response to the speech , BP said in a statement that it shared Mr Obama 's goal of cleaning up the oil and helping the people affected by the spill .
The firm said it was looking forward to Wednesday 's meeting " for a constructive discussion about how best to achieve these mutual goals " .
Lack of detail
Mr Obama also used the speech to renew calls for the US to embark on a future of clean energy .
Analysis
When the president speaks from the Oval Office , it is serious , and it is personal .
This was Barack Obama attempting to show that he is now in charge of dealing with the worst environmental disaster in US history .
He pledged that BP would pay for the damage ; that the Gulf Coast would be restored ; that an offshore drilling moratorium would be kept in place while lessons were learnt ; and that the body charged with regulating the oil industry would be reformed .
The president did not stop there .
He spoke in lofty terms about moving away from fossil fuels , embracing a clean energy future and shaping the country 's destiny .
But most Americans just want the leak to stop and that , two months after it began , remains a distant prospect .
" I say we can't afford not to change how we produce and use energy - because the long - term costs to our economy , our national security , and our environment are far greater , " he said .
But he gave few details and made no pledges about specific legislation , instead promising to look at ideas from Republicans and Democrats on the issue .
He also announced that the national commission he set up to investigate the causes of the oil spill would be headed by Ray Mabus , a former governor of Mississippi .
With this speech , the president has made a lofty appeal to American idealism , analysts say , but that appeal will not be universally welcomed at a time when Americans are mostly worried about the more pressing need simply to stop the leak .
The Republicans were quick to criticise the address , with party chairman Michael Steele accusing Mr Obama of exploiting the crisis for his own political gain .
Tumbling share price
Oil has been spewing into the Gulf of Mexico since a drilling rig leased by BP exploded on 20 April .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
Obama promised to heal the Gulf and to find out what caused this disaster Read Mark 's thoughts in full Send us your comments
The explosion killed 11 workers , and the rig sank two days later .
BP managed to place a cap over the leaking oil pipe earlier this month , and is now collecting much of the oil .
But estimates of how much oil is gushing out of the well have again risen dramatically .
A government panel of scientists now believes 35,000 - 60,000 barrels are leaking from the well each day , up from its estimate last week of 20,000 - 40,000 .
BP 's initial estimates were 1,000 - 5,000 .
US Congressmen have been fiercely critical of BP , accusing its executives of failing to follow proper procedures .
Politicians have spoken of legal action - and even the possibility of criminal charges - against BP .
As the rhetoric has become increasingly bitter , the firm 's share price has continued to tumble , with billions of dollars being wiped off its value .
If H. L. Mencken was the Sage of Baltimore , Waters is , at least , the parsley .
Just for fun , consider what these two share : impudence , contrariness , uproarious insults to bourgeois values that made them controversial , then fashionable , then had them prematurely posing for their ­native - son statues .
That they ’d have horrified each other is just your usual Balmer lagniappe .
They ’re also equally stubborn products of their times .
At his most unreconstructed , Waters can brag , “ I ’m one of the few who voted for Obama because he was a friend of Bill Ayers , ” which is both preening and stupid .
Nonetheless , he ’s more conscious than he used to be about the downside of his idea of fun .
An initially sprightly tour of Baltimore ’s dive bars ( “ the good ones have no irony about them ” ) sets up reminiscences of two local legends : a lesbian stripper who styled herself Lady Zorro and a Native American named Esther Martin , who ran a derelicts ’ bar called the Wigwam “ like an iron - fisted Elaine’s . ”
But then both women ’s grown children tell him about their upbringings , packed with hair - ­raising episodes of selfishness , booze , abuse and neglect .
Glumly , Waters asks himself , “ Can living in a real John Waters movie ever bring any kind of joy ? ”
If that ’s a self - centered way of putting things , it ’s also an accurate one .
No wonder the most interesting chapter is the most conflicted : “ Leslie ” describes Waters ’s friendship with Leslie Van Houten , the onetime Charles Manson follower who participated in the LaBianca murders and has been in prison , with one brief reprieve , for 40 years .
Even as he makes a case that Van Houten should be paroled now that she ’s “ served more time than any Nazi war criminal , ” Waters has to acknowledge his own sins .
Not only did his film “ Multiple Maniacs ” burlesque the killings just months after the fact , but he attended “ the insane LSD media - circus Manson trial ” as an apparently qualm - free groupie .
Considering that he still counts a “ leather - ­bound Baader - ­Meinhof gang wanted - poster kit ” among his prized possessions , his contrite tone here is evidently situational , if not tactical .
The more lightweight ­chapters include a fetching one about Waters ’s reading habits ( who ’d have pegged him as an Ivy Compton - Burnett addict ? ) and another hyping the designs of Rei Kawakubo of ­Comme des Garçons .
Despite his cloying conceit that the artists whose works he owns are his “ roommates ” —
“ Sometimes I do n’t mind if my roommates are messy , ” and so on — an essay explaining his fondness for , among others , Cy Twombly features at least one good wisecrack : “ Are n’t maids the ultimate art critics ? ”
Also nice is this praise of Twombly : “ He makes perfect mistakes . ”
But anyone who suspects that the display of Waters ’s cultivated side means that Divine ’s enabler has gone respectable will be dissuaded by “ Outsider Porn . ”
This graphically besotted hymn to Bobby Garcia , who shot hundreds of videos of himself having sex with Marines , and David Hurles , whose gnarly , ultra - explicit male nudes Waters prefers to Robert Mapple­thorpe ’s , is a reminder that he is n’t entirely kidding when he says , “ Filth is just the beginning battle in the war on taste . ”
Terming it as " unfortunate " that India does not figure among top 100 countries in human development index , Infosys Chairman N R Naryana Murthy said questions remain on whether the 9 per cent growth rate is transforming into social development .
At present , 340 million people are below poverty line as measured by India , he said at the inauguration of 500 - bedded Narayana Hrudayalaya multi-speciality hospital here .
The number is more than the population during Independence , he said .
" Despite growth rate of 9 per cent , there are several questions bothering the countrymen and leaders .
Whether growth is transforming itself into economic and social development .
Whether this growth rate is helping average individuals and whether they are better off today compared to the time when the country got its independence , " Naryana Murthy said .
He said that it is unfortunate that India does not figure in top 100 countries in human development index .
" Presently , it is at 134th position , which is a cause of worry . "
Talking to media on the sidelines of the function , he also said technology and infrastructure should be used to improve healthcare in the country .
He said that 2010 - 11 budget allocation for healthcare is only 2 per cent of the GDP , well below the 3 per cent target .
According to WHO , India ranks 171st among 175 countries in public healthcare .
Murthy said it is unfortunate that only 13 per cent of rural population has access to primary health care centres as per a survey done in 2009 - 10 .
India has six doctors per 10,000 people against 12 in Brazil , 14 in China and 43 in Russia , Naryana Murthy noted .
" This is where private sector can contribute , " he said .
He said , " Cooperation between state government and the Centre and people like Devi Shetty , Chairman of Narayana Hrudayalaya , can help provide basic healthcare and advanced healthcare to the people who are poor . "
... contd .
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
If your friends do n't have iPhone 4s , you 'll have no one to FaceTime with !
Good thing Apple is letting you test FaceTime calls with Apple employees at 1-888 - FACETIME .
I got to talk to Dave .
It was kind of awkward .
Advertisement
They 're taking calls from 8 AM - 8 PM CDT , so no late night freakshows .
The employee gives you a brief tour on Facetime features and the whole process does n't take more than 3 minutes .
It 's like Apple 's own version of Chat Roulette .
[ iSmashPhone ]
The Wellington Phoenix tonight did what defending A - League champions Melbourne Victory could n't , when they thrilled home fans by beating crack Argentine soccer side Boca Juniors 2 - 1 .
Boca , who last week beat Melbourne 1 - 0 , failed to spark as expected in the cold and wet conditions at Wellington stadium .
The visitors put some pressure on in the opening minutes , forcing goalkeeper Mark Paston to smother the first shot on goal .
However , the Phoenix opened the scoring when new signing Dylan Macallister latched on to a pinpoint cross from Chris Greenacre in the 24th minute to find the back of the net .
Macallister continued to endear himself to his new home crowd with a solid all - round display , before being replaced by another new face , Roberto Cornejo , shortly into the second half .
Ubiquitous striker Marcelo Canete , who scored against Melbourne , was the Boca danger man once again , but his team was unable to mount enough consistent attacks .
Captain Andrew Durante stretched the Phoenix lead in the 60th minute when he headed home a free kick from midfielder Daniel .
Boca 's only reply was most fortuitous , as instead of a routine clearance , Durante flicked an own goal past the surprised Paston in the 82nd minute .
The win kept alive the Phoenix 's stunning unbeaten streak at Wellington Stadium .
They were last beaten there in November 2008 .
Phoenix coach Ricki Herbert said he was more than satisfied with the team 's performance .
" That was a pretty big scalp to take , " he said afterwards .
Going up against such a high calibre team gave a good measure of where the Phoenix were going into the new A - League season .
Durante said he was pleased to get among the goals , but not quite so happy to feature on both sides of the score sheet .
" My feet got a bit tangled ... it was a little bit freaky , " he said .
Durante was particularly pleased to continue the team 's unbeaten streak at home .
" I do n't know who 's going to come here and knock us off . "
The game was well - contested throughout , with Boca captain Christian Cellay ordered off in the 73rd minute after receiving his second yellow card .
The game was the Phoenix 's last preseason match before they face Gold Coast United in their A - League opener on August 13 .
Wellington Phoenix 2 ( Dylan Macallister , Andrew Durante ) Boca Juniors 1 ( og , Durante ) .
HT : 1- 0
The environment provided by a dead body changes with time .
This change is a result of drying , and the activities and by - products of the corpse fauna .
Different groups of animals find the corpse attractive at different stages of decomposition and the resultant change in the animal community is called a succession .
Many bacteria respire anaerobically ( without oxygen ) and so they can consume the body from the inside .
They are also tolerant of the acidic conditions of the muscles shortly after death , caused by the build up of lactic acid .
Because of these attributes and the fact that they are already present in the body before death , bacteria are the first colonisers and they continue to feed on a dead body until it dries out .
Flies have great powers of dispersal and they rapidly discover bodies , usually * ahead of thebeetles .
Although they can feed on fluid that exudes from a fresh body , the acidic tissues of a fresh corpse cannot be digested by flies .
The activities of the bacteria , and the excretions of fly larvae feeding on exuded fluid , eventually neutralise the acid making the semi-liquid corpse particularly attractive to blowflies , flesh flies and house flies .
*( Necrophorus beetles carry mites on their bodies ( Poecilochirus ) which feed on fly eggs .
If the mites arrive before the eggs hatch , the carcass can be dominated by the beetles . )
The alkaline environment created by the flies is toxic for beetles and so beetles are largely excluded from feeding on the dead body itself as long as the fly larvae are active .
However , many species of rove beetle , carrion beetle and burrowing beetle are still present in the early stages of decomposition because they are active predators of fly larvae , avoiding the alkaline tissues of the corpse .
Parasitoid wasps are also abundant at dead bodies , laying their eggs inside fly larvae and pupae .
As the corpse dries , it becomes less suitable for the blowflies , flesh flies and house flies that like a semi-liquid environment .
Different fly families , the cheese flies and coffin flies , are abundant as the corpse dries .
Eventually , the corpse becomes too dry for the mouth hooks of maggots to operate effectively .
The hide beetles , ham beetles and carcass beetles , with their chewing mouthparts , devour the dry flesh , skin and ligaments .
Finally , moth larvae and mites consume the hair , leaving only the bones to slowly disintegrate .
One of the major criticisms of the government 's war on joblessness is that we are unwittingly encouraging unemployment with unemployment benefits .
It 's a simple argument , really .
You subsidize something to get more of it .
When you pay people because they 're unemployed , you risk producing higher unemployment .
Moderate and liberal economists like Larry Summers and Paul Krugman have said explicitly that generous jobless benefit systems ( look at Europe ) produce lasting high joblessness because folks without work see lower marginal value in looking for a new position .
But that 's not what 's happening in the current recession / recovery .
It 's true that extensions for the hardest hit states could grow jobless benefits up to about two years on the government 's dole .
But that 's not why 10 % of the labor force is officially unemployed .
No , 10 % of the labor force is officially unemployed because firms are n't hiring .
That was the thesis of this Atlantic column that tried to rebut the claim that canceling unemployment insurance ( UI ) would slash the unemployment rate by two percentage points ( approx . 3 million jobs ) rather quickly .
The San Francisco Fed has weighed in with its own report on the effect of UI on unemployment .
The verdict : " We calculate that , in the absence of extended benefits , the unemployment rate would have been about 0.4 percentage point lower at the end of 2009 , or about 9.6 % rather than 10.0 % . "
# 68 Zenguins
This was actually one of our very early comic ideas , but it took a while to come to fruition .
We watch a lot of nature shows .
And it always seems to be assumed that animals are cool with whatever lot they have in life - but maybe they 're not .
For the young people accused of planning G20 havoc on the streets of Toronto , the wheels of justice are grinding slowly .
By Friday noon , only four of the 16 people who ’d been brought to court in handcuffs on Tuesday had their bail hearings concluded .
Three were released under different forms of house arrest , after sureties for each posted at least $ 30,000 bail .
The fourth , Erik R. Lankin , from the Kitchener area , was denied bail .
The slow pace of justice has been particularly hard on the mostly middle - class parents waiting to bail out their children .
By the end of the week , one family tried to ease the stress by placing friendly bets on how late authorities would bring defendants to the courtroom .
For the most part , however , parents paced the hallways of the Finch Ave .
W. courthouse looking shell - shocked .
They know their sons and daughters as social activists on issues from the environment to aboriginal rights .
Allegations that they ’re also violent anarchists — charged with conspiracy to commit mischief over $ 5,000 , conspiracy to assault peace officers and conspiracy to obstruct police — have left them reeling .
“ I live in Toronto , she lives in Waterloo ; how much could I know ? ” said Brian Stutz , the father of Sterling Stutz , 20 , a female Wilfrid Laurier University student described on various websites as an activist with Canadian Youth Climate Coalition , Anti-War @ Laurier and the War Resisters Support Campaign .
She was released on $ 30,000 bail and placed under house arrest at her father ’s home .
She walked out of detention smiling in her jail - issued dark green sweatshirt and pants , and was told by her father to go into the women ’s washroom .
She emerged in a grey sweater , went out a side exit and jumped in her father ’s car before photographers and cameramen could shoot her .
Stutz ’s was one of two bail decisions handed down first thing Tuesday morning ; the evidence — which ca n’t be reported due to a publication ban — was heard the week before .
For the rest , various delays caused a domino effect , as when two accused arrived in court a half - day late because of hitches in their transportation from jail .
Defence lawyer Breese Davies called that incident “ outrageous . ”
Another lawyer , Mike Leitold , blamed a lack of “ institutional resources ” for keeping some waiting in jail two weeks .
Most parents avoided speaking to reporters , fearful of saying anything that might make matters worse for their child , as though the law , and the power of the state , were both fickle and vengeful .
But some could n’t resist .
“ It ’s almost two weeks they ’ve been arrested , ” said one father , clearly working at controlling his anger .
“ Is this the way the law works ?
It ’s wrong .
“ What about the people arrested randomly and released 20 hours later ? ” he added , referring to many of the more than 1,000 swept up by police during the G20 summit .
“ I do n’t think the general Canadian public would agree with that .
Who ’s going to answer for that ? ”
The accused — most seem to be from the Kitchener - Waterloo and Guelph areas — have so far shown little of their parents ’ strain .
They were placed in a row of separate glass booths Tuesday when all appeared at once .
Parents , supporters and journalists — 80 people in all — watched the proceedings via video link in a different room .
“ There she is , ” said the father of Monica Peters , spotting his daughter who , like some of the other accused , was smiling in her booth .
“ They think it ’s funny , ” whispered Peters ’ mother , incredulous .
“ They think it ’s a game . ”
She wore a long , blue and white dress .
Her husband , in a dark suit and tie , kept his arm around her .
Now and then she would bury her head in her hands .
Peters , an activist from Guelph , was granted $ 30,000 bail Wednesday evening and placed under house arrest at her parents ’ home in Nova Scotia .
In contrast to the well - dressed parents were supporters decorated with tattoos and piercings .
One sat in the public gallery twirling his nose ring , another had green stocking seams running the length of her bare legs , a third had “ F --- THE LAW ” tattooed on the back of his hand .
On Tuesday they were three - or four - dozen strong .
By week ’s end , they had dwindled to a handful .
Many looked at reporters with suspicion and made it clear they considered their presence a nuisance .
On Wednesday , when the bail hearing of three accused was moved to a small room with only four rows of public seats , supporters insisted that friends and relatives take their places first and reporters — if there was still room — later .
The three reporters still covering the hearings by then paid no heed .
A radio reporter was then asked to move three times , for one reason or another .
She agreed , but made her irritation clear on the third move .
That sparked a confrontation during a break .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ There ’s no reason for you to be so aggressive , ” insisted the supporter , a young woman sporting a brush .
The reporter noted that she had been more than accommodating , then added : “ If your friend does n’t get bail , would you rather there was no one here to report it ? ”
“ You ’re here for your job , ” said another supporter , practically spitting out the last word .
“ We ’re here for our friends . ”
Defence lawyer Leitold then intervened , insisting he and others were grateful for the media ’s presence .
His client , Syed Hussan , was released on Thursday on $ 55,000 bail .
A Pakistani native , he has no family in Canada .
Bail conditions include residing in the homes of two York University professors acting as his sureties , an 11 - p.m.-to-6- a.m.
curfew , a surrendering of travel documents , a ban on attending — or planning — public protests or demonstrations , and a ban on any contact with people known to him as members of Anti-War @ Laurier or the Southern Ontario Anarchist Resistance group ( SOAR ) .
In the run-up to the G20 summit , Hussan was described in media reports as spokesperson for the Toronto Community Mobilization Network , which helped co-ordinate various protest groups .
He is also an activist with No One is Illegal , which calls for a more open immigration policy .
As a condition of bail , he can continue to work at York University ’s Centre for Feminist Research .
“ He ’s excited about being released , ” Leitold said .
“ Mr. Hussan is eager to return to his work in the community , and he ’s also eager to answer these baseless charges in a court of law . ”
Yet to appear for bail hearings are Amanda Hiscocks , Leah Henderson , Alex Hundert and Peter Hopperton .
They were arrested in Toronto prior to the June 26 riot , which saw black - clad protesters set fire to police cruisers and smash store windows — despite the presence of 20,000 police officers downtown .
The Toronto Police Services Board this week announced a civilian review of how police conducted summit security .
But Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty — whose government secretly gave police extra powers for the summit — continues to reject calls for a provincial inquiry .
Those concerns were not foremost in the mind of Meghan Lankin ’s mother .
Meghan is a 20 - year - old Kitchener resident whose bail hearing was delayed by transportation problems .
Meghan ’s brother , 23 - year - old Erik Lankin , was denied bail on Tuesday .
The mother , a registered nurse , arrived at the courthouse on Thursday with a vegetarian lunch for her daughter .
Defence lawyer
Davies thought there was a good chance the court would allow it to be delivered , except for the cherries — problematic , apparently , because of the pits .
“ Do you have children ? ” she asked the Star .
When the reply came back — no — she let out a sigh , lowered her shoulders and looked up as if to say , “ You ca n’t possibly know how I feel . ”
Washington ( CNN ) --
The House Ethics Committee will hold a formal hearing on alleged violations by Rep. Charles Rangel , the New York Democrat forced to step aside as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee earlier this year over ethics questions .
In a document issued Thursday , the panel appointed an eight - member adjudicatory subcommittee to determine if allegations against Rangel " have been proved by clear and convincing evidence . "
A formal hearing will be a trial - like session involving formal charges with lawyers for the House acting as prosecutors and Rangel 's lawyers defending him .
There was no immediate information available on the possible charges Rangel faces .
According to the ethics committee document , the subcommittee that will hold the formal hearing will have its first organizational meeting on July 29 .
In comments to reporters , Rangel said he welcomed the news and wanted to testify in his defense .
" It gives me an opportunity to respond to my friends and constituents who have supported me for 40 years , " Rangel said .
" All I 've been able to give them is ' trust me . ' "
Now , he said , the facts will come out .
However , Rangel said he has yet to see any formal charges against him .
" Until they go public , I ca n't go public , " Rangel said , later adding : " There is no report .
They gave this thing that said the report would be issued " on July 29 .
Rangel temporarily stepped down as Ways and Means chairman following the announcement of an ethics investigation of several allegations , including failure to pay taxes on a home in the Dominican Republic .
The congressman has also admitted a failure to report several hundred thousand dollars in assets on federal disclosure forms .
In addition , he is under scrutiny for the purported misuse of a rent - controlled apartment for political purposes , as well as for allegedly preserving tax benefits for an oil - drilling company in exchange for donations to a project he supported at the City College of New York .
The House ethics committee previously admonished Rangel for violating rules on receiving gifts .
Specifically , the committee found that Rangel violated House gift rules by accepting reimbursement payments for travel to conferences in the Caribbean in 2007 and 2008 .
Rangel , who has served 20 consecutive terms in the House , has several challengers in the Democratic primary for the November mid-term congressional election .
He said Thursday that he hoped the matter could be concluded in time for the September primary election .
The adjudicatory subcommittee that will consider Rangel 's case comprises four Democrats and four Republicans , according to the ethics committee document .
It said Rep. Zoe Lofgren , D - California , is the panel 's chairperson .
Other Democratic members are Rep. G.K. Butterfield of North Carolina , Rep. Kelly Castor of Florida and Rep. Peter Welch of Vermont .
The four Republicans are Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas , Rep. Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania and Rep. Gregg Harper of Mississippi .
CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .
Stanley Fish on education , law and society .
It ’s Supreme Court nomination time again , which means that it will soon be nomination hearing time , which means that Elena Kagan will soon be asked how she believes the Constitution should be interpreted .
But just in time comes a new book —
“ The Living Constitution , ” by David A. Strauss — that tells us not to bother about that question because , odd though it might seem , the Constitution does not play a central role in constitutional interpretation .
In the majority of instances , Strauss argues , “ the text of the Constitution will play , at most , a ceremonial role . ”
Even “ when a case involves the Constitution , the text routinely gets no attention , ” for “ on a day - to - day basis , American constitutional law is about precedents , and when precedents leave off , it is about commonsense notions of fairness and good policy . ”
Although rhetorically we have a constitutional legal system — one constrained by a command given in the past and embodied in a sacred text — in fact , Strauss contends , we have a common - law legal system “ built not on an authoritative , foundational . . . text , ” but out of “ precedents and traditions that accumulate over time ” and serve as a constraint on “ transient public opinion . ”
To some extent , Strauss is right .
Day to day the courts view ( and configure ) the facts and issues of a case in the light of previously established “ landmark ” decisions ; the words of the Constitution are often not invoked .
At least descriptively , the history of constitutional interpretation would seem to proceed as Strauss says it does , by a process of “ evolutionary accretion ” and not by an act of fidelity to an original intention , that is , to an intelligent design .
But the fact that in many cases the Constitution is not explicitly the reference point and motor of deliberation does n’t mean that deliberation is not being guided by it at a remove .
And that is exactly what is going on in the area of law Strauss cites in support of his thesis — the First Amendment .
“ The American law of freedom of expression , ” he declares , “ does not emerge from the text of the U.S. Constitution or from the original understandings . ”
His example is the appearance in an opinion by Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. of the phrase “ clear and present danger . ”
Although these words are not in the Constitution , they have been , says Strauss , “ far more important in the development of the law than have the actual words of the First Amendment . ”
It was , explains Strauss , the “ clear and present danger doctrine ” and “ not the adoption of the First Amendment ” that initiated a series of cases that led in time to “ the distinction between advocacy of ideas and advocacy of action , ” a distinction also not “ derived . . . from the text . . . of the First Amendment . ”
Why is Strauss trying to take the Constitution out of the constitutional interpretation loop ?
This is simply wrong .
Like everything else in the sequence Strauss rehearses , the distinction between advocacy of ideas and advocacy of action is the product of an effort to figure out what it means to not make a law “ abridging the freedom of speech . ”
Abridging freedom of speech is a notion in need of explication .
When exactly does it happen ?
What exactly is speech in the context of the amendment ’s prohibition ?
It ca n’t be that constitutional protection is granted to any verbal production whatsoever , for some words — like those that directly incite riot or perform treason — are not speech within the meaning of the amendment .
How do we know that ?
As Strauss repeatedly observes , the First Amendment ’s text does n’t tell us .
We have to figure it out and we do so by asking what it is that they had in mind when they singled out speech for protection .
What did they fear ?
What did they hope for ?
The standard answers to those questions are , they feared the censoring and criminalizing of dissident speech , and they hoped for free and open discussion of matters of public concern .
In short , they wanted to protect the expression of ideas , but not expressions like “ incitement to riot ” and “ treason , ” which are indistinguishable from action .
And thus they wanted ( or would have wanted , had they been asked ) to withdraw protection at the point where speech crossed the line and became action in a way that constituted a clear and present danger .
So these phrases and distinctions ( along with a great many others ) , while not named in the amendment , are implied by it , implied by the special concern for speech and therefore , despite what Strauss says , are derived from it .
What looks like “ evolutionary accretion ” — self - generating , self - modifying , immaculate in conception — is , in fact , the unpacking , by succeeding generations , of a text recognized as authoritative and binding .
The question is not , as Strauss would have it , is this proffered meaning in the Constitution ?
The question is , can a chain of inference be formed that links this meaning to something the framers can be said to have intended ?
Why is Strauss trying to take the Constitution out of the constitutional interpretation loop ?
Because he wants to liberate us from it as a constraint .
He repeatedly invokes Thomas Jefferson ’s remark that “ The earth belongs to the living and not the dead ” and expands it into a question : “ What possible justification can there be for allowing the dead hand of the past . . . to govern us today ? ”
That is like asking what justification is there for adhering to the terms of a contract or respecting the wishes of a testator or caring about what Milton meant in “ Paradise Lost ” or paying serious attention to the items on the grocery list your spouse gave you .
In each of these instances keeping faith with the past utterances of an authoritative voice — the voice of the contracts ’ makers , the voice of someone ’s last will and testament , the voice of the poet - creator , the voice of the person who will make the dinner — is constitutive of the act you are performing .
And not keeping faith raises the question of why we should bother with the Constitution or the contract or the will or the poem or the list at all .
Why not just cut out the middleman ( who is not being honored anyway ) and go straight to the meanings you want ?
Strauss has an answer to that question : “ The written Constitution is valuable because it provides a common ground among the American people . ”
But as it turns out , common ground is provided not by the Constitution itself but by a survey of “ widely acceptable ” meanings , which are then attributed to the Constitution as if it were their source .
The text , Strauss advises , “ should be interpreted in the way best calculated to provide a point on which people can agree . ”
The way to do this , he adds , is to give the words of the Constitution “ their ordinary current meaning — even in preference to the meaning the framers understood . ”
After all , “ the original meaning might be obscure and controversial . ”
This is an amazing statement .
The Constitution becomes common ground when it becomes a vessel for meanings it does not contain .
It acts as a binding agent as long as you do n’t take it seriously but take care to pretend that you do .
As long as an interpretation of the Constitution “ can plausibly say that it honors the text , the text can continue to serve the common ground function . ”
What text ?
Not the text of the Constitution , which has been replaced by a “ plausible ” facsimile of it .
There is a definite strain in Strauss ’s argument here as he continues using a vocabulary — text , Constitution , interpretation — that he is at the same time undermining .
You do n’t interpret a text by looking for meanings people would find agreeable .
You interpret a text by determining , or at least trying to determine , what meanings the creator (s ) had in mind ; and the possibility that the meanings you settle on are not ones most people would want to hear is beside the interpretive point .
The incoherence of what Strauss is urging is spectacularly displayed in a single sentence .
Given the importance of common ground , “ it makes sense , ” he says , “ to adhere to the text even while disregarding the framers ’ intentions . ”
I am at a loss to know what “ adhere ” is supposed to mean here .
According to the dictionaries , “ adhere ” means “ to stick fast to ” or “ to be devoted to ” or “ to follow closely . ”
But you do n’t do any of these things by “ disregarding ” the intentions that inform and give shape to the text you claim to “ honor ” ; you do n’t follow closely what you are in the act of abandoning .
Instead , you engage in a fiction of devotion designed to reassure the public that everything is on the ( interpretive ) up and up : “ The Court could take advantage of the fact that everyone thinks the words of the Constitution should count for something . ”
Here “ something ” means “ anything , ” as long as it hooks up with what everyone thinks ; and the advantage the Court is counseled to seize is an advantage gained by pandering .
If this is what the “ living Constitution ” is — a Constitution produced and reproduced by serial acts of infidelity — I hereby cast a vote for the real one .
Long before he orchestrated a scheme to rig auctions of tax liens in Maryland , attorney and real estate mogul Harvey M. Nusbaum had a long and lucrative career in officially sanctioned crime as an IRS agent .
In 2002 , Nusbaum grew weary of robbing people on behalf of the state .
Rather than repenting in sackcloth and ashes , as any decent person would , he hired out as a privateer — a freelance buyer and collector of tax debts .
This form of retail fascism — a public - private partnership in plunder — was immensely profitable for Nusbaum .
Had he exercised even the slightest restraint on his corrupt appetite , Nusbaum most likely would n’t be headed for prison .
Maryland is one of 29 states that permit city governments to raise money by selling tax debts to investors .
Each year , Baltimore ’s municipal government bundles up tax liens against properties whose owners have n’t paid local taxes or utility bills ( such as water and sewage fees ) and sells them at auction .
In the most recent auction , Baltimore sold liens on 12,689 properties — ranging from rotting shells of long - abandoned homes to office buildings in the downtown business district .
Purchasers assume responsibility for collecting the debts , and the opportunity to foreclose on properties whose owners can’t pay them off .
According to a study conducted by the Baltimore Sun , twenty percent of those liens involved amounts smaller than $ 1,000 .
Financial necromancers employed by collection agencies can transmute a trivial amount — a delinquent utility bill or an unpaid and long - forgotten municipal citation — into a budget - crippling debt of several thousand dollars .
“ You will pay , ” one of Nusbaum ’s minions told a victim who called to complain after a tiny unpaid water bill had metastasized into a $ 4,000 extortion demand .
“ Everybody does . ”
Nusbaum and his cronies filed over 6,000 lawsuits , raking in an estimated $ 11.5 million in legal fees , title search fees , and interest .
This inevitably attracted the attention of the “ Justice ” Department ’s antitrust division , which discovered that Nusbaum , his partner Jack W. Stollof , and other as - yet unnamed investors engaged in collusive bidding in a dozen tax auctions conducted in Baltimore and five other Maryland jurisdictions .
According to federal prosecutors , the actions of Nusbaum and his colleagues were a criminal conspiracy to violate the Sherman Antitrust Act .
Once in possession of the liens , the conspirators “ used the court system to threaten homeowners with seizure of their properties unless they paid legal fees , interest , and other charges … [ that ] often totaled 10 times the original debt , ” observed the Sun .
The real crime here , according to the Feds , was not the use of government - aided extortion to wring hugely inflated sums from struggling , debt - plagued citizens , but rather the use of collusion to enhance the cabal ’s profits at the expense of local governments .
You see , the entire point of the tax auction racket , in the Sun ’s eminently suitable phrase , is “ feeding the public treasury . ”
During a rigged auction in 2006 , Nusbaum and his comrades bought a bundle of liens containing Vicki Valentine ’s unpaid $ 362 municipal water bill .
Valentine had inherited a home in West Baltimore from her father , who died , after a long struggle with Alzheimer ’s , in 2003 .
The house was free and clear , but many of the utility bills had been left unpaid .
Struggling with chronic depression after taking care of her dying father , Vicki was soon dealing with unemployment as well .
In 2006 , Vicki paid $ 100 on an outstanding water bill of $ 462.28 .
That figure shot up to more than $ 700 after the city added interest , processing charges , and property taxes .
Under severe financial strain , Vicki filed several legal challenges , which delighted the firm that had purchased the lien , since this permitted them to tack on additional legal costs .
On September 19 , 2008 , a judge ordered Vicki to pay $ 3,603.41 , or lose a home that was already bought and paid for .
She did n’t have the money .
So last February , the local sheriff ’s department seized Vicki ’s home on behalf of Montego Bay Properties , the entity that held the lien following at least two post-auction transfers of ownership .
In a desperate letter written a year before her house was seized , Vicki pleaded with Baltimore City Circuit Court to extend the payment period .
“ For now , this is the roof over my son ’s and my head , ” she observed , pointing out that she was unemployed and frantically looking for work .
“ I am trying to get the money together to catch up on my delinquent bills .
Please allow more time to pay all bills connected with the foreclosure … . ”
Vicki did n’t understand that in the corporate socialist system that now exists , mercy is a gift conferred only on the powerful and politically connected .
This is illustrated by the fact that the presiding officers of DRT Fund , which was listed as a co-conspirator in Nusbaum ’s bid-rigging scheme , were granted amnesty — that is , official forgiveness — in exchange for admitting that they had done wrong and facile promises to pay restitution “ to any person or entity injured as a result of the bid-rigging activity … in which [ the investment firm ] was a participant . ”
Here ’s the curious thing about that promise of “ restitution ” :
The only party “ injured ” by the bid-rigging scheme , according to the Feds , was the Municipal Government of Baltimore .
The specific terms of the settlement remained sealed , and DRT Fund ’s owners are n’t discussing the particulars in public .
However , we can be sure that Vicki Valentine is n’t listed among those “ injured ” by DRT , whose co-owners , Anthony De Laurentis and John Rieff , are now in possession of her home .
Two years ago , Milwaukee resident Peter Tubic nearly lost his home to foreclosure as a result of an unpaid $ 50 citation for parking an inoperable van on his own property .
A government that arrogates to itself the supposed authority to regulate such matters wo n’t scruple to add extortionate penalties to the original citation ; thus it ’s not surprising that the City of Milwaukee eventually demanded $ 2,645 from Tubic as ransom to prevent the seizure of his home .
Eventually a local judge succumbed to an unprofessional fit of common sense and dismissed the citation outright .
Confiscation of a home to collect small debts remains uncommon .
However , “ people are routinely being thrown in jail for failing to pay debts , ” reports the Minneapolis Star - Tribune .
As is the case in Arizona , Arkansas , Indiana , Illinois , and other states , the Land of 10,000 Lakes is infested with agents of “ well - funded , aggressive and centralized collection firms , in many cases run by attorneys , that buy up unpaid debt and use the courts to collect . ”
As a result , it ’s increasingly common for people who owe small amounts to find themselves being confronted by police — in the streets , at home or work , while driving , or even while recovering from surgery — and hauled away in handcuffs .
Warrants have been issued over outstanding debts as small as $ 85 , which is “ less than half the cost of housing an inmate overnight . ”
After a brief but robustly unpleasant interlude behind bars , debtors are brought before a judge and compelled to sign documents permitting the collection firms to garnish their wages or extract money from their bank accounts .
Refusal can lead to “ indefinite incarceration , ” a sentence recently imposed , without trial , on a debtor from Kenney , Illinois .
“ Bail ” consists of paying the amount demanded by the collection firm , which is the amount of the purchased debt plus whatever enhancements the firm can devise .
“ A firm aims to collect at least twice what it paid for the debt to cover costs , ” points out the Star - Tribune .
“ Anything beyond that is profit . ”
Successful debt - buying firms enjoy very impressive profit margins .
Portfolio Recovery Associates , a Virginia debt buyer , reported a 16 percent net margin last year ; for Encore Capital Group of San Diego , last year brought a 10 percent net profit .
By way of contrast , Wal - Mart ’s profit margin last year was 3.5 percent .
The “ distressed receivables ” market is immense , and bundled debts are constantly repackaged and re-sold .
It ’s quite common for people to be contacted by multiple collection agencies demanding payment on the same long - forgotten debt , which may have been sold and repackaged several times after being written off by the original creditor .
Ohio - based Unifund CCR
Partners , one of the most aggressive debt - buying firms , “ feasts on the famine of others , ” explained a 2003 profile of its founder , Turkish - born David Rosenberg , in the Cincinnati Enquirer .
Unifund , which serves clients such as Citibank , “ is n’t in the embarrassment business , ” insisted Rosenberg seven years ago .
Either there are odd gaps in Rosenberg ’s vocabulary or his priorities have changed : Today , Unifund routinely seeks arrest warrants for those unable or unwilling to pay off old debts .
Rosenberg created Unifund as a 20 - year - old high school dropout in 1986 .
Originally the company bought and collected on bad checks written to supermarkets .
The company paid 75 — 80 percent of the dollar value of each check , and reaped 115 — 125 percent of its face value by imposing insufficient - funds fees .
As bank failures accumulated in the late 1980s , Unifund began to buy and collect on batches of bad bank loans sold by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for pennies on the dollar .
By 1990 it had sufficient capital to buy up a series of bad debt portfolios from Manufacturers Hanover Trust with face values of up to $ 50 million apiece , according to the Enquirer .
Rosenberg , who profited handsomely on the debts of others , is no stranger to bad debt himself .
“ Over the past decade , ” reported the Enquirer in 2003 , “ Rosenberg ’s name has appeared on Ohio income tax liens , an overdue notice for Vermont real estate tax , and a lawsuit for an unpaid auto loan . ”
Unlike many of his victims , Rosenberg has never felt the cold steel of handcuffs biting into his wrists .
Given the pervasive perversity of our times it ’s not surprising to learn that Unifund , which is able to suborn police and courts into doing its bidding , is a criminal enterprise .
During the past decade , Unifund has settled several class - action lawsuits asserting that the firm routinely engages in illegal practices — such as imposing bogus legal fees and collecting on debts beyond the statute of limitations .
In one settlement , Unifund was forced to pay Queens resident Jose Luis Muniz an undisclosed sum after it fraudulently attempted to collect on a $ 21,000 credit card debt Muniz had paid off ten years earlier .
Suits filed in Texas and Illinois claimed that Unifund defrauded credit reporting agencies by “ freshening up ” credit card delinquency dates on old debts the firm had purchased .
The Fair Credit Reporting
Act requires that delinquent credit card accounts be expunged after seven years of dormancy .
Plaintiffs accused Unifund of “ rolling back to odometer ” on the debts they had purchased by moving up the delinquency dates as much as six years .
This damaged the credit ratings of the victims and made them vulnerable to the other abusive collection practices in Unifund ’s arsenal .
In the mid-1990s , Unifund was bought by ZB Limited Partners .
“ ZB ” refers to the Zises Brothers — Jay , Seymour , and Selig .
In the mid-1980s , the Zises Brothers created an immense pyramid scheme - cum - tax shelter called Integrated Resources , which funded its operations by issuing high - yield or “ junk ” bonds .
In early 1989 , the brothers “ managed to sell most of their holdings at $ 21 a share — far above the market price — to the ICH Corporation , a highly leveraged insurance company , ” observed the New York Times .
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
The company defaulted on its bonds and commercial notes in June 1989 .
A few years later , the Zises Brothers — who cultivated some very useful political ties with the neo- conservative establishment — reached a settlement in which they were permitted to pay their creditors a small fraction of what they owed .
The brothers had enough cash on hand to buy Unifund and get involved in several other ventures , such as Family Management Corporation — an investment firm that reportedly funneled millions of dollars into Bernie Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme .
It ’s not likely that the Zises Brothers are haunted by the thought that the investors whose money they ’ve pissed away will someday arrange for them to be arrested and humiliated in front of their friends , families , and children .
Unifund is just one of dozens or scores of similar firms that are flourishing in the aftermath of the debt bubble ’s collapse .
The mechanism at work here is the mirror image of the one that operated while the bubble was being inflated .
In the early 2000s , with the Federal Reserve pumping huge amounts of “ liquidity ” into the economy , it was immensely profitable for lenders to entice borrowers of dubious credit - worthiness into mortgages and other loans they were n’t really able to pay .
Before the collapse , bundling and re-selling bad debts to investment banks was a lucrative enterprise for Goldman Sachs and other major powers on Wall Street .
Now that the bubble has burst , the titans of Wall Street are being bailed out by the same taxpayers who often face the prospect of arrest and incarceration for their own bad debts .
The welfare queens of Wall Street , cushioned by subsidizes extracted from taxpayers at gunpoint , are ill - disposed to liquidate bad debts through negotiation .
This helps explain why an increasing number of people who find themselves “ upside down ” on their home mortgages are practicing “ strategic default ” :
With lenders unwilling to negotiate reasonable terms , the debtors simply stop making payments .
This , in turn , has inspired Wall Street ’s tax - subsidized deadbeats to begin a PR campaign to demonize such people as “ ruthless borrowers . "
“ Having been deadbeats and strategic defaulters of the first order , ” writes economic analyst Yves Smith , the major banks “ continue to manifest their characteristic unmitigated gall [ by ] hectoring the public about honorable behavior . ”
Smith predicts that ere long we will witness the return of debtor ’s prison , which was supposedly abolished in the 19th century .
A cynic once said that while a petty thief will find himself behind bars or dangling from the end of a rope , the most powerful criminals are those who run the jails and operate the gallows .
The corporatist plutocracy controlling our country is determined to make a prophet of that anonymous cynic .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Former Australian Army chief Peter Leahy wants a rethink of Defence policy , saying military intervention is not the only way to achieve peace .
Professor Leahy says Australia should reconsider its spending on defence hardware like the Joint Strike Fighters , suggesting it buys only 50 of the jets from the United States instead of 100 .
He says there should also be a greater focus on non-military strategies and aid programs .
" When I look at current deployments ... 10 years in East Timor , 10 years in Afghanistan , we 've been in the Solomon Islands for a long time and we were in Iraq for a long time and so , why is it taking so long ? " he said .
" Can we have an alternate strategy , in some way , that 's almost an exit strategy for the military ? "
Most people involved in scientific research are well aware of the big three ethical lapses : fabrication , falsification , and plagiarism .
These acts are considered to have such a large potential for distorting the scientific record that governments , research institutions , and funding bodies generally have formal procedures to investigate incidents , and formal sanctions for those found to have infringed .
But the big three are hardly a complete list of all the problems that can produce misleading results ; anything from poor record - keeping to sloppy techniques can cause errors to creep into the scientific literature , and there are rarely formal procedures to deal with them .
That does n't mean they 're not dealt with , however .
A survey published by Nature has found that researchers regularly engage in informal interventions with colleagues if they suspect that there 's any form of misconduct going on — even if they think the problems are inadvertent .
The survey asked about what its authors term " acts that could corrupt the scientific record , " and defined them very broadly to include things like " poor supervision of assistants , carelessness , authorship disputes , failure to follow the rules of science , conflicts of interest , incompetence , and hostile work environments that impact on research quality . "
To get a sense for how these are dealt with , they looked up several thousand researchers who have received funding from the National Institutes of Health , and asked them to fill out an online survey .
The questions in the survey , as well as the responses of those queried , have been posted in a PDF at the authors ' website .
Good news and bad news
The majority of the 2,600 researchers who responded had experienced a case where they suspected scientific errors were occurring — 84 percent , in total .
The authors ascribe this number , which is much higher than most other estimates , to the loose definition of misconduct that they provided .
An alternate explanation might be that the self - selecting group that responded was more did so in part because they were aware of these issues .
The authors omitted the 400 or so who had never noticed misconduct from most of their further analysis .
The good news for the scientific community is that , when researchers became aware of potential problems , they were fairly likely to do something about it .
Almost two - thirds reported taking some type of action about the issues they noticed .
Of the remainder , most felt that either action was already underway , or were too removed from the lab with issues to have a good sense of how to intervene .
Over 30 percent of those who acted went straight to the source , and had a discussion with the person they felt was having troubles .
Another eight percent sent a message of concern to that individual ( 90 percent of these were signed ) , while 16 percent alerted someone in a position of authority about the trouble .
In about 21 percent of the cases where someone chose to intervene , the issue got bumped up to formal proceedings .
Some of these may have been the result of denial on the part of the people involved ( 19 percent of the responses ) or cases where the individuals failed to act at all ( another 14 percent ) .
Still , there were some good outcomes ; in about 30 percent of the cases , the problem was either corrected or it was recognized that it was too late to do anything about it .
One striking number here was that , out of all these instances , only a fraction of a percent turned out to be cases where the worries about problems were unwarranted .
About equal numbers of those polled expressed satisfaction and dissatisfaction with the results .
Over half also felt that the incident had either had no effect on their career , or had even enhanced it .
Still , that would seem to leave a lot of individuals who were dissatisfied and suffered some form of negative impact from the event .
There are a lot of interesting details in the numbers , as well .
For example , many of those who chose to act did so in part because they considered their institutions unlikely to do anything .
Those who were satisfied with the outcomes were also more likely to have been in a situation where the problems were inadvertent .
Overall , there are some promising aspects to these results .
Scientists clearly feel that their ethics compel them to intervene in cases where the potential to distort the scientific record does n't rise to the level of actual fraud .
And many of these interventions appear to end in a satisfactory manner .
But there are clearly still cases where institutions do n't take the issues seriously , and the scientists who try to do the right thing feel that they suffer consequences as a result .
There 's no obvious way to force institutions to take scientific errors and misconduct seriously .
But the institutions that do so may want to consider the evidence that this informal policing of scientific ethics takes place .
Providing support and advice on how to manage these situations , which can easily devolve into conflict , could significantly improve the scientific community 's ability to police itself .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/466438a ( About DOIs ) .
Minutes ago the Chicago City Council approved a payment of $ 16.5 million to half a million people imprisoned overnight by Chicago police from March 1999 thru March of this year .
Click on image for a larger version
While the most heavily compensated plaintiffs will be those whose rights were most severely violated , many hundreds of thousands who were held overnight in police lockups should also be compensated .
This would presumably include the 500 + of us who were illegally arrested by Chicago police at the start of the U.S. invasion of Iraq on March 20 , 2003 , and were transported to 5555 W. Grand Avenue or 727 E. 111th for a wonderful evening ( or more ) with Chicago 's finest .
Information about how to apply for compensation from a claims administrator should be available in June , and I will post that information to this site .
For those not familiar with the issues , I strongly recommend reading the opening few pages of the lawsuit which is attached below .
Here is the press release just issued by Loevy and Loevy Attorneys at Law ( where I am employed ) regarding the City Council 's action :
A class action lawsuit alleging an " inhumane and unlawful system for detaining persons " by Chicago police was settled by the Chicago City Council today for $ 16.5 million .
The payment is one of the largest in Chicago history for a civil rights case .
The suit , brought by the civil rights firm Loevy & Loevy Attorneys at Law , covers approximately one - half million people who were arrested and held at least overnight by Chicago police from March 1999 thru March of this year .
The suit alleged that " the CPD has engaged , for decades , in a repeated pattern of detaining citizens incommunicado within its police departments , holding them for unconstitutional lengths of time . . . [ and amounted to an ] institutionalized system of police torture in Chicago . "
Attorneys at Loevy and Loevy charged that the inhumane conditions were used as a means to obtain false confessions from suspects while genuine perpetrators were free to continue committing crimes .
The suit has three classes of plaintiffs .
One class consists of several thousand people who were held in interrogation rooms for 16 or more hours , often shackled to a wall , with no officers responsible for making sure the suspects had access to food , water or restroom facilities .
A second group of approximately 14,000 people were arrested without warrants on suspicion of felonies and held more than 48 hours without seeing a judge .
The suit alleged that " the Department routinely flouts this requirement for prompt judicial review by keeping citizens secreted inside its police departments while it attempts to develop grounds that would ‘ justify ’ detaining them after the fact .
" A third group of approximately half a million people was held continuously from at least 10 pm to 6 am in cold jail cells without access to mattresses or bedding , amounting to intentional sleep deprivation .
Each class is entitled to different payments , and persons qualifying for more than one class are entitled to multiple payments .
As a result of the lawsuit , the Chicago Police Department has implemented reforms including limitations on the length of detentions , requirements for the provision of food and bedding , and prohibitions on the routine use of shackling in the interview rooms .
Loevy and Loevy ( www.Loevy.com) is the largest civil rights law firm in Chicago and one of the largest in the country as a whole .
Not so long ago , quantum physics at room temperature was found mostly in classroom discussions or over science - geek cocktails .
But the mind - bending mechanics seems to be present in many everyday phenomena – including photosynthesis , the driving force behind life 's harvest of solar energy .
A process called coherence allows photon energy to find the shortest path through a leaf 's surface by taking all possible paths simultaneously , then " picking " the best one .
The resulting energy transfer is almost perfectly efficient .
" Coherence is well - known in energy transfer in nonbiological systems , " said Elad Harel , a University of Chicago physicist .
" The question was whether biological systems take advantage of this as well . "
In a paper published July 6 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , physicists led by the University of Chicago 's Greg Engels describe coherence in the FMO protein complex .
A wildly complicated tangle of molecules , the FMO complex directs energy from photon - sensitive " antenna " proteins on a photosynthetic bacterium 's surface to internal , charge - converting proteins .
To measure coherence , the researchers charged antennae with brief laser pulses , then measured fluctuations in another laser beam that shone through the FMO complex .
Fluctuations corresponded to energy passing from the antennae through the complex 's molecules .
Distant molecules quivered in tandem – a phenomenon possible only through coherence , in which energy exists in multiple , linked states simultaneously .
Once energy has explored the possible routes through the FMO complex and found the most efficient one , it collapses back into a single state .
The findings dovetail with research by University of Toronto biophysicist Greg Scholes , who found coherence in the photosynthesis of a common marine algae .
Scholes showed indisputably that coherence – previously observed only in ultracold temperatures in nonbiological systems – could happen in biology , at room temperature .
Because the FMO complex is used as a model system for plant photosynthesis , Engels ' findings suggest that coherence is everywhere in the leafy green world .
Researchers hope these findings will guide the design of solar panels that are as efficient as nature 's , said Harel .
In the meantime , scientists will continue looking for more evidence of quantum biology , which has been also been posited in the structure of DNA and operations of the mind .
" I 'd be surprised " if quantum effects are not ubiquitous in biology , said Harel .
" To have a tool at your disposal , and not use it , is not a law of biology . "
* Images : 1 ) Flickr / Linda Kenney .
2 ) The FMO complex / Wikimedia Commons .
3 ) Coherence dephasing from extremely low to above - freezing temperatures ./* PNAS .
See Also :
Citation : " Long - lived quantum coherence in photosynthetic complexes at physiological temperature . "
By Gitt Panitchayangkoon , Dugan Hayes , Kelly A. Fransted , Justin R. Caram , Elad Harel , Jianzhong Wen , Robert E. Blankenship , Gregory S. Engel .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 107 No. 28 , July 6 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
En TRAPECYO BURGOS S.L. nos dedicamos al diseño de oficina , mobiliario de oficinas , mamparas de oficina , instalamos pavimento técnico elevado , moqueta , linóleo , pvc , cabinas sanitarias , etc .
Disponemos de una gran variedad de productos con distintos acabados , para conseguir una instalación más personalizada y rápida .
El equipamiento de oficina debe ser intemporal , tenga en cuenta que su oficina lucirá este aspecto durante muchos más años , elija un diseño que sea muy fácil trabajar con él , en caso de que decida cambiar algunas cosas en una zona , usted no tendrá que derribar paredes o cambiar totalmente el color de las cosas para obtener el nuevo aspecto que desea , el diseño también debe ser atractivo a la vista y que no pase fácilmente de moda .
Piense en las necesidades de sus empleados , así cuando reflexione sobre el mejor diseño para su oficina , elija un esquema que realmente va a aumentar su creatividad y servir de inspiración para ellos , también debe ser cómodo y práctico para trabajar .
Posted on June 9th , 2010
When I ’m not drinking beer one of my favorite things to do is read about beer .
In the last ten years or so a number of outstanding books have been published on the subject of beer and brewing .
Here ’s five great ones to add to your library .
1. The Brewmaster ’s Table – This tome by Brooklyn Brewery brewmaster Garret Oliver is at first glance a guide to pairing beer and food , but really it ’s so much more than that .
Oliver presents a thorough history and profile of many of the most popular and well loved beer styles along with well written stories and anecdotes of his many travels and visits to some of the world ’s best breweries .
It ’s a must for any lover of beer , food or both .
2. The Complete Joy of Homebrewing – This is the book that started it all .
Charlie Papazian is the godfather of the modern homebrewing movement and by extension the craft beer movement as well .
This book , now in its 3rd edition , remains all you really need to learn how to make beer yourself .
Papazian breaks down every aspect of brewing to simple , easy to understand steps while keeping first time brewing jitters away with his motto – “ Relax , Do n’t Worry About It , Have a Homebrew . ”
3. Designing Great Beer –
Once you ’ve learned the basics of homebrewing this book is a must .
Ray Daniels takes a detailed look at a variety of styles , breaking down how they ’re brewed and what ingredients they call for to make it easy for you to start creating your own recipes .
The history of each style is also presented in amazing detail , which makes for a great read even if you ’re not brewing .
4. Brewing Up a Business –
In this book Dogfish Head founder Sam Caligone tells the tale of how Dogfish Head went from the smallest commercial brewery in the US to one of the most renowned breweries in the world .
It ’s inspiring stuff for anyone who ’s daydreamed about making beer more than just a hobby .
5. Michael Jackson ’s Great Beers of Belgium –
This is the book that first got the craft beer world interested in Belgium and Belgian - style beers .
Jackson was championing the brews from this tiny country long before they were popular , but thanks to his tireless efforts and books like this one , you can now find Chimay and other Belgian beer almost anywhere in the world .
What are your favorite beer books ?
Let us know in the comments .
It 's been one of my basic assumptions here at IGN that there is no such thing as the " perfect " game .
No matter how ambitious a designer 's ideas might be , they will eventually encounter the limitations imposed by time , money or technology .
While the results of working within these limitations can often be sublime , there 's not a designer in this industry that has n't wished for just a little bit more of whatever it would take to make their game better .
Some of you might see that way of thinking as a reason to despair but I see it as a fundamental expression of hope and limitless potential for the PC development environment .
It is , in my opinion , a fundamental belief for any fan of PC games .
Feudal +Japan+is+the+perfect+setting+for+Total +War .
It 's also a worthwhile motivation for Creative Assembly to apply ten years of experience and growth to the father of its celebrated strategy series , Shogun : Total War Like its processor , the new game picks up in 16th century Japan during the aftermath of the Onin War .
The battles between rival Shoguns have devastated the country and left the capital of Kyoto in ruins .
Competing warlords in control of small pockets of power are each striving to obtain the blessing of the central emperor and legitimize their rule of the entire land .
The player takes on the role of one of eight of these warlords , each with a unique starting position and different political and military strengths .
Some may be located on remote islands that are rich in resources but far from opportunities .
Others might be in the thick of the action immediately and able to use unique samurai units to carve out a more secure portion .
As a setting , feudal Japan satisfies all the Total War requirements .
It 's a period with lots of competitors who all have an equal chance of coming out on top .
It 's a period of rapid political and technological change , thanks in no small part to the Dutch and Portuguese bringing gunpowder to the island .
Finally , the samurai who dominate this period offer a perfect blend of the best parts of fantasy and reality .
After the excesses of Empire , Shogun 2 is taking a Zen approach .
Though the word " accessible " is often code for " plain , " in the case of Shogun 2 , it 's clear that the designers want to maintain a tighter focus on the core elements and not give in to feature creep .
The unit roster is a great example of this .
Rather than massive roster of units found in Empire , Shogun sticks with just 30 - 40 basic units ( 20 or so per faction ) , each of which has a clear and obvious purpose .
This should give the player a chance to focus more on tactics than on the slight variations between similar unit types .
If you need to keep an enemy at bay , for instance , you 'll know to call on your Ashigaru spearman .
To help add a bit of variety , units will upgrade over time .
The scale is also different in terms of the presentation of the story .
Empire was a game about a global war .
Shogun 2 is about eight warring fiefdoms .
So if Shogun 2 wo n't have the epic geographic scale of Empire , it will have to compensate by emphasizing character and story .
During its time in Europe ( through Medieval , Rome and Empire ) , Total War has gradually shed some of the narrative that provided context for the battles and campaigns .
Shogun 2 will focus directly on the daimyo , or clan leaders , like Takeda Shingun or Chosokabe Motochika .
Instead of being the impersonal force guiding the destiny of your faction , you 'll actually play as a person who has to negotiate the treacheries and loyalties of family politics , which can sometimes be as deadly a battlefield as any you can find .
Your generals will also be more important this time around , not just due to the return of their pre-battle speeches , but also because you can choose which upgrades they get as they develop .
It makes it much easier to get attached to them than the sometimes random characters you 've recruited in previous Total War games .
One particularly novel development is the introduction of hero units .
These are warriors who have perfected a fighting art and can carve their way through enemy armies without much trouble at all .
Based on mythologized historical figures like the warrior monk Benkei , hero units are a nearly unstoppable force on the battlefield , capable of holding bridge crossings against entire armies , or smashing through a battle line to engage the enemy general .
You can counter heroes with the right tactics , such as filling them full of arrows , or by having your own hero units engage them in duels .
The development team may even consider letting players use political manipulation to sway heroes away from each other .
ADP 's employment report showed 20,000 jobs lost in February , which was in - line with analyst expectations .
Thing is , they revised down their January number by a huge margin -- to - 60,000 from - 22,000 .
ADP :
Nonfarm private employment decreased 20,000 from January to February 2010 on a seasonally adjusted basis , according to the ADP National Employment Report® .
The estimated change of employment from December 2009 to January 2010 was revised down , from a decline of 22,000 to a decline of 60,000 .
The February employment decline was the smallest since employment began falling in February of 2008 .
Apparently , weather does n't mess up ADP 's data the way it does for the government's :
Two large blizzards smothered parts of the east coast during the reference period for the BLS establishment survey .
The adverse weather had only a very small effect on today ’s ADP Report due to the methodology used to construct it .
However , the adverse weather is widely expected to depress the BLS estimate of the monthly change in employment for February , but boost it for March .
Therefore , it would not be unreasonable to expect the BLS estimate for February ( due out this Friday ) to be less than today 's ADP Report even though the BLS estimate will include the hiring of temporary Census workers not captured in the ADP Report .
Read the official release here >
July 19 , 2010
Contact : Karen Henry , Life Span Institute , ( 785 ) 864-0756
More Information
LAWRENCE —
A new automated vocal analysis technology could fundamentally change the study of language development as well as the screening for autism spectrum disorders and language delay , reports a study in the July 19 online Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The LENA ( Language Environment Analysis ) system automatically labeled infant and child vocalizations from recordings and thereafter an automatic acoustic analysis designed by the researchers showed that pre-verbal vocalizations of very young children with autism are distinctly different from those of typically developing children with 86 percent accuracy .
The system also differentiated typically developing children and children with autism from children with language delay based on the automated vocal analysis .
The researchers analyzed 1,486 all - day recordings from 232 children ( or more than 3.1 million automatically identified child utterances ) through an algorithm based on the 12 acoustic parameters associated with vocal development .
The most important of these parameters proved to be the ones targeting syllabification , the ability of children to produce well - formed syllables with rapid movements of the jaw and tongue during vocalization .
Infants show voluntary control of syllabification and voice in the first months of life and refine this skill as they acquire language .
The autistic sample showed little evidence of development on the parameters as indicated by low correlations between the parameter values and the children 's ages ( from 1 to 4 years ) .
On the other hand , all 12 parameters showed statistically significant development for both typically developing children and those with language delays .
The research team , led by D. Kimbrough Oller , professor and chair of excellence in audiology and speech language pathology at the University of Memphis , called the findings a proof of concept that automated analysis of massive samples of vocalizations can now be included in the scientific repertoire for research on vocal development .
Although aberrations in the speech ( or lack of it ) of children with autism spectrum disorders has been examined by researchers and clinicians for more than 20 years , vocal characteristics are not included in standard criteria for diagnosis of autism spectrum disorders , said Steven F. Warren , professor of applied behavioral science and vice provost for research at the University of Kansas , who contributed to the study and was among the first to see the potential of the technology for autism spectrum disorders screening .
“ A small number of studies had previously suggested that children with autism have a markedly different vocal signature , but until now , we have been held back from using this knowledge in clinical applications by the lack of measurement technology , ” said Warren .
Warren predicts that LENA , which allow the inexpensive collection and analysis of magnitudes of data unimagined in language research before now , could significantly impact the screening , assessment and treatment of autism and the behavioral sciences in general .
Since the analysis is not based on words , but rather on sound patterns , the technology theoretically could potentially be used to screen speakers of any language for autism spectrum disorders , Warren said .
“ The physics of human speech are the same in all people as far as we know . ”
Warren says that children with autism spectrum disorders can be diagnosed at 18 months but that the median age of diagnosis is 5.7 years in the United States .
“ This technology could help pediatricians screen children for ASD to determine if a referral to a specialist for a full diagnosis is required and get those children into earlier and more effective treatments . ”
LENA is digital language processor and language analysis software .
The processor fits into the pocket of specially designed children ’s clothing and records everything the child vocalizes but can reliably distinguish child vocalizations from its cries and vegetative sounds , other voices and extraneous environmental sounds .
Recordings with the device have been collected since 2006 .
Parents responded to advertisements and indicated if their children had been diagnosed with autism or language delay .
A speech - language clinician employed by the project also evaluated many of the children with a reported diagnosis of language delay .
Many of the parents of children with language delay and all of the children with autism supplied documentation from the diagnosing clinicians , who were independent of the research .
The recordings were made by the parents at home and in the other natural environments of the children , by simply turning the recorder on and placing in the special children 's clothing , and then worn all day .
The discovery that it was possible to differentiate recordings of the autistic children from those of the typically developing children by the totally objective method of automated vocal analysis inspired the researchers to consider both the possibility of earlier screening and diagnosis and earlier intervention for children with autism .
“ Autism interventions remain expensive and arduous .
This tool may help us to develop cost - effective treatments and better understand how they work and how to keep them working , ” said Warren .
LENA could allow parents to continue and supplement language enrichment therapy at home and assess their own effectiveness for themselves , Warren said .
“ In this way , LENA could function similarly to the way a pedometer measures how much exercise one gets from walking . ”
July 7 , 2010  --
Congress passed a new health care law this year , but the main provisions do n't go into effect until 2014 .
So how can you cut the cost of your health insurance in the meantime ?
CLICK HERE for the web extra tips on how to save money on health insurance when your kid goes to college .
Raise Your Deductible
What 's the first thing we do when we want to save on car or homeowners ' insurance ?
We raise the deductible and you can do the same with health insurance .
The deductible is the amount you have to pay out of pocket for your care before the insurance kicks in .
If you choose a higher deductible , the insurance company rewards you with a lower premium .
For example , if a healthy , 41 - year - old woman raises her deductible from $ 500 to $ 1,500 , she will save $ 1,428 per year .
She could set the $ 1,428 aside and use it to cover the $ 1,000 difference , and still have money left over .
You should only raise your deductible to a level that wo n't ruin you if you have to pay it .
To get a feel for how raising your deductible will lower your premium , try shopping online .
Click HERE to get a quote .
Just keep in mind that you have to submit a formal application and be approved before the rates are finalized .
The federal government also now offers a helpful health insurance shopping portal and it is expected to become even more helpful as they develop it further .
Click HERE to learn more .
Open a Health Savings Account
Not many people seem to know about health savings accounts , which you can get when you open a high deductible health plan .
They are more lucrative and less hassle than flexible spending accounts .
A health savings account , or HSA , is a tax - free account you can use to pay for health care costs .
But unlike a flexible spending account , you do n't have to guess how much money you will spend on health care and then forfeit the money if you guessed wrong .
Instead , HSAs roll over from year to year , you can take them with you when you change employers and you can cash in your HSA for any use after age 65 , so if you are fortunate health - wise , you can spend the money on something else someday .
To learn more about Health Savings Accounts and high deductible health plans and how they work , the Treasury Department has a detailed site .
Treasury ?
Yup , since Treasury is in charge of the IRS and since these are tax - free accounts .
Click HERE to learn more .
Join a Professional Association
There are other group plans you can join other than through your workplace .
For example , you can join your state 's farm bureau to get a group rate on health insurance -- and you do n't have to be a farmer !
If you belong to any professional associations -- or could join -- that 's often another way to get group health insurance .
And people love to hate credit card companies , but some of them offer access to health insurance coverage as one of their benefits , so you may learn to love your credit card company .
Price Individual Health Insurance
For folks with health conditions , joining a group plan can be key , but if you are young and healthy , it is often cheaper to buy individual health insurance instead of getting it through your employer .
The reason is , work plans have to accept everyone and so insurance companies price it to cover that risk .
A friend of mine discovered she could get a private policy for herself for $ 115 a month , whereas adding herself to her husband 's work plan was $ 350 a month .
So she saved herself $ 235 a month , $ 2,000 a year , by being savvy !
Shop With an Independent Agent
Independent agents have access to multiple different health insurance companies , so it 's like shopping around , but with one easy phone call .
And the price differences between big reputable companies , for the same coverage , can be dramatic .
" Good Morning America " asked an independent agent to shop around for a big Virginia family with two adults and seven kids , and she found they could save $ 6,756 a year by switching to a different insurance company .
You should keep in mind , sometimes the very biggest insurers do n't work with brokers , so you should also price those plans accordingly .
You can find an independent agent at TrustedChoice.org , the consumer website of the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America .
Another source of agents is the National Association of Health Underwriters .
Web -extra Tips
Here are two ways that where your kid goes to college can save you money on health insurance .
If you have a college - aged child who is covered by a commercial health plan -- not just the campus health service -- offered by the university , your child might be able to add you as an additional insured .
That 's right , some colleges subscribe to name - brand health plans for their students .
And the rates are bound to be competitive , because they are insuring a generally young , healthy population .
Consult the policy paperwork to see if you can be added .
On the flip side , you may be paying twice for healthcare coverage if you have college - aged kids .
Buried in the reams of enrollment and tuition paperwork could be a clause about the student health service on campus or a commercial health plan as mentioned above .
It can cost thousands of dollars .
If your son or daughter can access your own insurance company 's doctors and hospitals in the area where the college is located , you could forego this double coverage .
And remember , the new healthcare law allows kids as old as 26 to remain on your plan , and that provision just went into effect .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
13th July 2010 , 06:46 pm
I ’ve written a few posts about functional memoization .
In one of them , Luke Palmer commented that the memoization methods are correct only for strict functions , which I had not noticed before .
In this note , I correct this flaw , extending correct memoization to non-strict functions as well .
The semantic notion of least upper bound ( which can be built of unambiguous choice ) plays a crucial role .
Edits :
2010 -07 - 13 : Fixed the non-strict memoization example to use an argument of undefined ( ⊥ ) as intended .
( ⊥ ) as intended .
2010 -07 - 23 : Changed spelling from “ nonstrict ” to the much more popular “ non-strict ” .
2011 -02 - 16 : Fixed minor typo .
( “ constraint on result ” → “ constraint on the result type ” )
What is memoization ?
In purely functional programming , applying a function to equal arguments gives equal results .
However , the second application is as costly as the first one .
The idea of memoization , invented by Donald Michie in the 1960s , is to cache the results of applications and reuse those results in subsequent applications .
Memoization is a handy technique to know , as it can dramatically reduces expense while making little impact on an algorithm ’s simplicity .
Early implementations of memoization were imperative .
Some sort of table ( e.g. , a hash table ) is initialized as empty .
Whenever the memoized function is applied , the argument is looked up in the table .
If present , the corresponding result is returned .
Otherwise , the original function is applied to the argument , and the result is stored in the table , keyed by the argument .
Functional memoization
Can memoization be implemented functionally ( without assignment ) ?
One might argue that it cannot , considering that we want the table structure to get filled in destructively , as the memoized function is sampled .
However , this argument is flawed ( like many informal arguments of impossibility ) .
Although we want a mutation to happen , we need n’t ask for one explicitly .
Instead , we can exploit the mutation that happens inside the implementation of laziness .
For instance , consider memoizing a function of booleans :
memoBool :: ( Bool -> b ) -> ( Bool -> b )
In this case , the “ table ” can simply be a pair , with one slot for the argument False and one for True :
type BoolTable a = ( a , a ) memoBool f = lookupBool ( f False , f True ) lookupBool :: BoolTable b -> Bool -> b lookupBool ( f , _ ) False = f lookupBool ( _,t ) True = t
For instance , consider this simple function and a memoized version :
f1 b = if b then 3 else 4 s1 = memoBool f1
The memo table will be ( f False , f True ) , i.e. , ( 4,3 ) .
Checking that s1 is equivalent to f1 :
s1 False ≡ lookupBool ( 4,3 ) False ≡ 4 ≡ f1 False s1 True ≡ lookupBool ( 4,3 ) True ≡ 3 ≡ f1 True
Other argument types have other table representations , and these table types can be defined systematically and elegantly .
Now , wait a minute !
Building an entire table up - front does n’t sound like the incremental algorithm Richie invented , especially considering that the domain type can be quite large and even infinite .
However , in a lazy language , incremental construction of data structures is automatic and pervasive , and infinite data structures are bread & butter .
So the computing and updating does n’t have to be expressed imperatively .
While lazy construction can be helpful for pairs , it ’s essential for infinite tables , as needed for domain types that are enornmously large ( e.g. , Int ) , and even infinitely large ( e.g. , Integer , or [ Bool ] ) .
However , laziness brings to memoization not only a gift , but also a difficulty , namely the challenge of correctly memoizing non-strict functions , as we ’ll see next .
A problem with memoizing non-strict functions
The confirmation above that s1 ≡ f1 has a mistake : it fails to consider a third possible choice of argument , namely ⊥.
Let ’s check this case now :
s1 ⊥ ≡ lookupBool ( 4,3 ) ⊥ ≡ ⊥ ≡ f1 ⊥
The ⊥ case does not show up explicitly in the definition of lookupBool , but is implied by the use of pattern - matching against True and False .
For the same reason ( in the definition of if - then - else ) , f1 ⊥ ≡ ⊥ , so indeed s1 ≡ f1 .
The key saving grace here is that f1 is already strict , so the strictness introduced by lookupBool is harmless .
To see how memoization add strictness , consider a memoizing a non-strict function of booleans :
f2 b = 5 s2 = memoBool f2
The memo table will be ( f False , f True ) , i.e. , ( 5,5 ) .
Checking that s2 is equivalent to f2 :
s2 False ≡ lookupBool ( 5,5 ) False ≡ 5 ≡ f2 False s2 True ≡ lookupBool ( 5,5 ) True ≡ 5 ≡ f2 True
However ,
s2 ⊥ ≡ lookupBool ( 5,5 ) ⊥ ≡ ⊥
The latter equality is due again to pattern matching against False and True in lookupBool .
In contrast , f2 ⊥ ≡ 5 , so s2 ≢ f2 , so memoBool does not correctly memoize .
Non-strict memoization
The bug in memoBool comes from ignoring one of the possible boolean values .
In a lazy language , Bool has three possible values , not two .
A simple solution then might be for the memo table to be a triple instead of a pair :
type BoolTable a = ( a , a , a ) memoBool h = lookupBool ( h ⊥ , h False , h True )
Table lookup needs one additional case :
lookupBool :: BoolTable a -> Bool -> a lookupBool ( b , _ , _ ) ⊥ = b lookupBool ( _ , f , _ ) False = f lookupBool ( _ , _ , t ) True = t
I hope you read my posts with a good deal of open - mindedness , but also with some skepticism .
This revised definition of lookupBool is not legitimate Haskell code , and for a good reason .
If we could write and run this kind of code , we could solve the halting problem :
halts :: a ->
Bool halts ⊥ = False halts _ = True
The problem here is not just that ⊥ is not a legitimate Haskell pattern , but more fundamentally that equality with ⊥ is non-computable .
The revised lookupBool function and the halts function violate a fundamental semantic property , namely monotonicity ( of information content ) .
Monotonicity of a function h means that
∀ a b. a ⊑ b ⟹ h a ⊑ h b
where “ ⊑ ” means has less ( or equal ) information content , as explained in Merging partial values .
In other words , if you tell f more about an argument , it will tell you more about the result , where “ more ” ( really more - or - equal ) includes compatibility ( no contradiction of previous knowledge ) .
The halts function is nonmonotonic , since , for instance , ⊥ ⊑ 3 , and h ⊥ ≡ False and h 3 ≡ True , but False ⋢ True .
( False and True are incompatible , i.e. , they contradict each other . )
Similarly , the function lookupBool ( 5,3,4 ) is nonmonotonic , which you can verify by applying it to ⊥ and to False .
Although ⊥ ⊑ False , h ⊥ ≡ 5 and h False ≡ 3 , but 5 ⋢ 3 .
Similarly , ⊥ ⊑ True , h ⊥ ≡ 5 and h True ≡ 5 , but 5 ⋢ 4 .
So this particular memo table gets us into trouble ( nonmonotonicity ) .
Are there other memo tables ( b , f , t ) that lead to monotonic lookup ?
Re-examining the breakdown shows us a necessary and sufficient condition , which is that b ⊑ f and b ⊑ t .
Look again at the particular use of lookupBool in the definition of memoBool above , and you ’ll see that
b ≡ h ⊥ f ≡ h False t ≡ h True
so the monotonicity condition becomes h ⊥ ⊑ h False and h ⊥ ⊑ h True .
This condition holds , thanks to the monotonicity of all computable functions h .
So the triple - based lookupBool can be semantically problematic outside of its motivating context , but never as used in memoBool .
That is , the triple - based definition of memoBool correctly specifies the ( computable ) meaning we want , but is n’t an implementation .
How might we correctly implement memoBool ?
In Lazier function definitions by merging partial values , I examined the standard Haskell style ( inherited from predecessors ) of definition by clauses , pointing out how that style is teasingly close to a declarative reading in which each clause is a true equation ( possibly conditional ) .
I transformed the standard style into a form with modular , declarative semantics .
Let ’s try transforming lookupBool into this modular form :
lookupBool :: BoolTable a -> Bool -> a lookupBool ( b , f , t ) = ( λ ⊥ → b ) ⊔ ( λ False → f ) ⊔ ( λ True → t )
We still have the problem with λ ⊥ → b ( nonmonotonicity ) , but it ’s now isolated .
What if we broaden the domain from just ⊥ ( for which we cannot dependably test ) to all arguments , i.e. , λ _ → b ( i.e. , const b ) ?
This latter function is the least one ( in the information ordering ) that is monotonic and contains all the information present in λ ⊥ → b .
( Exercise : prove . )
Dissecting this function :
const b ≡ ( λ _ → b ) ≡ ( λ ⊥ → b ) ⊔ (λ False → b ) ⊔ (λ True → b )
So
const b ⊔ (λ False → f ) ⊔ (λ True → t ) ≡ ( λ ⊥ → b ) ⊔ (λ False → b ) ⊔ (λ True → b ) ⊔ (λ False → f ) ⊔ (λ True → t ) ≡ ( λ ⊥ → b ) ⊔ (λ False → b ) ⊔ (λ False → f ) ⊔ (λ True → b ) ⊔ (λ True → t ) ≡ ( λ ⊥ → b ) ⊔ (λ False → ( b ⊔ f ) ) ⊔ (λ
True → ( b ⊔ t ) ) ≡ ( λ ⊥ → b ) ⊔ ( λ False → f ) ⊔ (λ True → t )
under the condition that b ⊑ f and b ⊑ t , which does hold in the context of our use ( again by monotonicity of the h in memoBool ) .
Therefore , in this context , we can replace the nonmonotonic λ ⊥ → b with the monotonic const b , while preserving the meaning of memoBool .
Behind the dancing symbols in the proof above lies the insight that we can use the ⊥ case even for non-⊥ arguments , because the result will be subsumed by non-⊥ cases , thanks to the lubs ( ⊔ ) .
The original two non-⊥ cases can be combined back into their more standard ( less modular ) Haskell form , and we can revert to our original strict table and lookup function .
Our use of ⊔ requires the result type to be ⊔-able .
memoBool :: HasLub b => ( Bool -> b ) -> ( Bool -> b ) type BoolTable a = ( a , a ) memoBool h = const ( h ⊥ ) ⊔ lookupBool ( h False , h True ) lookupBool :: BoolTable b -> Bool -> b lookupBool ( f , _ ) False = f lookupBool ( _,t ) True = t
So the differences between our original , too - strict memoBool and this correct one are quite small : the HasLub constraint and the “ const ( f ⊥ ) ⊔ “ .
The HasLub constraint on the result type warns us of a possible loss of generality .
Are there types for which we do not know how to ⊔ ?
Primitive types are flat , where ⊔ is equivalent to unamb ; and there are HasLub instances for functions , sums , and products .
( See Merging partial values . )
HasLub could be derived automatically for algebraic data types ( labeled sums of products ) and trivially for newtype .
Perhaps abstract types need some extra thought .
Demo
First , import the lub package :
{-# LANGUAGE Rank2 Types #-} {-# OPTIONS - Wall #-} import Data .
Lub
And define a type of strict memoization .
Borrowing from Luke Palmer ‘s MemoCombinators package , define a type of strict memoizers :
type MemoStrict a = forall r. ( a -> r ) -> ( a -> r)
Now a strict memoizer for Bool , as above :
memoBoolStrict :: MemoStrict Bool memoBoolStrict h = lookupBool ( h False , h True ) where lookupBool ( f , _ ) False = f lookupBool ( _,t ) True = t
Test out the strict memoizer .
First on a strict function :
h1 , s1 :: Bool ->
Integer h1 = b -> if b then 3 else 4 s1 = memoBoolStrict h1
A test run :
* Main > h1 True 3 * Main > s1 True 3
Next on a non-strict function :
h2 , s2 :: Bool ->
Integer h2 = const 5 s2 = memoBoolStrict h2
And test :
* Main > h2 undefined 5 * Main > s2 undefined *** Exception : Prelude.undefined
Now define a type of non-strict memoizers :
type Memo a = forall r. HasLub r => ( a -> r ) -> ( a -> r)
And a non-strict Bool memoizer :
memoBool :: Memo Bool memoBool h = const ( h undefined ) `lub` memoBoolStrict h
Testing :
* Main > h2 undefined 5 * Main > n2 undefined 5
Success !
Beyond Bool
To determine how to generalize memoBool to types other than Bool , consider what properties of Bool mattered in our development .
We know how to strictly memoize over Bool ( i.e. , what shape to use for the memo table and how to fill it ) .
( i.e. , what shape to use for the memo table and how to fill it ) .
Bool is flat .
The first condition also holds ( elegantly ) for integral types , sums , products , and algebraic types .
The second condition is terribly restrictive and fails to hold for sums , products and most algebraic types ( e.g. , Maybe and [ ] ) .
Consider a Haskell function h :: ( a , b ) -> c .
An element of type ( a , b ) is either ⊥ or ( x , y ) , where x :: a and y :: b .
We can cover the ⊥ case as we did with Bool , by ⊔-ing in const ( h ⊥ ) .
For the ( x , y ) case , we can proceed just as in strict memoization , by uncurrying , memoizing the outer and inner functions ( of a and of b respectively ) , and recurrying .
For details , see Elegant memoization with functional memo tries .
Similarly for sum types .
( A value of type Either a b is either ⊥ , or Left x or Right y , where x :: a and y :: b .)
And by following the treatment of products and sums , we can correctly memoize functions over any algebraic type .
Related work
Lazy Memo- functions
In 1985 , John Hughes published a paper Lazy Memo- functions , in which he points out the laziness - harming property of standard memoization .
[ …]
In a language with lazy evaluation this problem is aggravated : since verifying that two data - structures are equal requires that each be completely evaluated , all memoised functions are completely strict .
This means they cannot be applied to circular or infinite arguments , or to arguments which ( for one reason or another ) cannot yet be completely evaluated .
Therefore memo- functions cannot be combined with the most powerful features of lazy languages .
John gives a laziness - friendlier alternative , which is to use the addresses rather than contents in the case of structured arguments .
Since it does force evaluation on atomic arguments , I do n’t think it preserves non-strictness .
Moreover , it leads to redundant computation when structured arguments are equal but not pointer - equal .
Conclusion
Formulations of function memoization can be quite elegant and practical in a non-strict / lazy functional language .
In such a setting , however , I cannot help but want to correctly handle all functions , including non-strict ones .
This post gives a technique for doing so , making crucial use of the least upper bound ( ⊔ ) operator described in various other posts .
Despite the many words above , the modification to strict memoization is simple : for a function h , given an argument x , in addition to indexing a memo trie with x , also evaluate h ⊥ , and merge the information obtained from these two attempts ( conceptually run in parallel ) .
Indexing a memo trie forces evaluation of x , which is a problem when h is non-strict and x evaluates to ⊥ .
In exactly that case , however , h ⊥ is not ⊥ , and so provides exactly the information we need .
Moreover , information - monotonicity of h ( a property of all computable functions ) guarantees that h ⊥ ⊑ h x , so the information being merged is compatible .
Note that this condition is even stronger than compatibility , so perhaps we could use a more restricted and more efficient alternative to the fully general least upper bound .
The technique in Exact numeric integration also used this restricted form .
How does this method for correct , non -strict memoization work in practice ?
I guess the answer mainly depends on the efficiency and robustness of ⊔ ( or of the restricted form mentioned just above ) .
The current implementation could probably be improved considerably if brought into the runtime system ( RTS ) and implemented by an RTS expert ( which I ’m not ) .
Information ordering and ⊔ play a central role in the denotational semantics of programming languages .
Since first stumbling onto a use for ⊔ ( initially in its flat form , unamb ) , I ’ve become very curious about how this operator might impact programming practice as well as theory .
My impression so far is that it is a powerful modularization tool , just as laziness is ( as illustrated by John Hughes in Why Functional Programming Matters ) .
I ’m looking for more examples , to further explore this impression .
I ’ve written a few posts about functional memoization .
In one of them , Luke Palmer commented that the memoization methods are correct only for strict functions , which I had not noticed ...
Central banks join gold rush
Foreign banks and investors alike have been flocking to the precious metal over the last year , sending it soaring to record highs .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Foreign governments have been getting in on the recent gold rush , driven by continued fears about Europe 's debt crisis and the pace of the global economic recovery .
Those concerns have been propelling the precious metal to record highs over the past 18 months .
In fact , gold posted a new intra-day high Friday , when it reached $ 1,260.90 an ounce .
A day earlier , it reached a fresh record high closing price of $ 1,248.70 an ounce .
Last year , foreign central banks were net buyers of gold for the first time since 1997 .
India , China and Russia have been the biggest buyers .
And more recently , the Philippines and Kazakhstan jumped into the fray with big purchases of the precious metal during the first quarter , according to data released by the World Gold Council Thursday .
What 's behind the buying binge ?
Each country has its own unique reasons , but there are a few broad trends that unite them all , said Natalie Dempster , director of government affairs for the World Gold Council .
Like many individual investors , foreign governments prefer to spread their wealth around to decrease their risk .
The U.S. dollar is typically the main reserve asset because it 's considered to be more stable than other holdings , while the euro comes in as the second most popular reserve currency .
But gold is not far behind .
The precious metal plays an important role as a hedge against inflation , which could devalue paper currencies .
Unlike paper currencies , gold has a tangible value and that value is not dependent on any one country 's economic policies .
When the financial crisis drove down the dollar 's value in 2009 , and Europe 's debt woes pushed the euro to fresh four - year lows earlier this month , investors and foreign central banks flocked to safe - haven assets like gold .
Add rising deficits in both Europe and the United States to the mix , and currencies have become increasingly questionable assets , said Jeffrey Nichols , managing director of American Precious Metals Advisors and senior economic advisor to Rosland Capital .
That 's why it 's no surprise that foreign central banks overall have turned from sellers into buyers of gold in the last year , he said .
Who 's buying gold ?
Russia and Kazakhstan :
As far as public records show , Russia appears to be the largest buyer of gold among central banks so far this year .
In the first quarter of 2010 , Russia 's central bank increased its gold reserves by 26.6 metric tonnes , or about $ 1.2 billion at today 's price , according to World Gold Council data .
That 's in addition to the 117.63 tonnes that Russia added in 2009 .
Russia has been adding to its gold reserves steadily for more than three years , partly through buying its own domestic mine production .
It considers gold both a symbol of prestige as well as a way to bolster the country 's credit worthiness , Nichols said .
Kazakhstan , the third largest buyer so far in 2010 , has a similar strategy , although at a much lesser level .
The former Soviet - controlled country bought 3.1 tonnes , or $ 137 million , of the precious metal in the first quarter .
Philippines : After Russia , the Philippines falls a distant second as a buyer , after purchasing 9.6 tonnes , or about $ 424 million , of gold earlier this year .
The Philippines also buys its domestic production as a way of supporting local industry and as an inflation hedge , but its reserves usually fluctuate more than Russia 's because the country often sells it at a later date on the open market .
India : While India has yet to publicly announce any major gold buys this year , the country bought a massive 200 tonnes , or what amounts to about $ 8.8 billion at current prices , from the International Monetary Fund in November .
The move , which multiplied India 's reserves by 55 % , was seen as a way for the country to diversify its reserves and reinforce the perception among Indian consumers that the metal is a reliable and safe asset , the World Gold Council said .
China : China is considered a stealth buyer of gold , said Boris Schlossberg , director of currency research at Global Forex Trading .
As the world 's largest producer of the metal , China often buys gold from its own mines and does n't report those sales publicly .
But in April 2009 , China did admit to having added 454 tonnes , or a 76 % increase , to its reserves since 2003 .
Analysts suspect the country is continuing to buy gold and could in fact , be the world 's largest buyer consistently .
It simply does n't reveal it 's pro-gold stance proudly , however , because China is also the world 's largest holder of U.S. Treasurys .
Announcing an aggressive gold buying spree is not in China 's best interest because , for one , it might push gold prices higher .
Secondly , it could devalue the U.S. dollar , which would subsequently lessen the worth of the country 's portfolio of U.S. government bonds , Schlossberg said .
日本はうす味でヘルシーな日本食のおかげで肥満とは無縁の国でした。
しかし戦後食の欧米化が進むにつれて肥満傾向にある人が増加し、近年では肥満率22.4パーセントとまでいわれています。
では、肥満の方はどうすれば肥満を解消することができるのでしょうか。
一番初めに頭に浮かぶのはダイエットという言葉でしょう。
しかし、肥満と診断されている方のほとんどが運動不足や乱れた食生活が原因となっています。
それは、日常生活の間違った習慣を正すだけでかなり改善できるということなのです。
例えば食事面だけをみても、脂っこい食事ばかりしていないか、間食をしていないかなど見直せる点はいくらでもあるはずです。
無理なダイエットをする必要はありません。
た だ1日3食、野菜を中心とした和食に切り替えるだけで摂取カロリーは大幅に抑えられます。
どうしても間食を我慢できない場合は甘いチョコレートや脂っこいポテトチップスではなく、アーモンドやクルミといったナッツ類や昆布やのりといった海藻類、甘いものが食べたいときには寒天を使ったゼリーなど、カロリーが低くて満腹感や満足感が得やすいものを選ぶとよいでしょう。
空腹を我慢するとそれが反動になり、暴食につながってしまいます。
いかに無理なく正しい量や質の食事がとれるかがポイントです。
運動も考え方は同じです。
無理してきつい筋トレやジョギングをする前に、近くのスーパーまでの買い物は歩いて行くなど、日常的に続けられる範囲で運動を取り入れていきましょう。
慣れてきて、もう少しできそうだと思ったら追加でウォーキングやストレッチを取り入れてください。
特別なことはしなくていいのです。
大切なのは続けることです。
また、肥満の他にもむくみに悩んでいる人も少なくありません。
むくみと肥満は密接な関係があり、肥満の人はむくみになりやすい傾向があるそうです。
むくみを解消する方法はマッサージや漢方など方法はありますが、むくみを取るならラシックスが手っ取り早いでしょう。
このラシックスという治療薬は元々高血圧治療に使われますが、利尿作用により体内の余分な水分を排出する効果があるので、むくみが解消できるわけです。
Much like frisée , garlic scapes seem to inspire a lot of fear and skepticism at the farmers market .
But instead of eying those tangly , green shoots with mistrust the next time you see them on a stand , I ’d recommend snatching up as many as you can .
[ social_buttons ]
“ What exactly is a garlic scape , anyways ? ” you might be asking at this point .
Here ’s a brief tutorial .
Garlic grows underground as a bulb .
In its early stage , the bulb is soft and onion - like , but as it grows , it gets harder and pokes a shoot through the ground .
Later on this shoot develops into a flower stalk that is the garlic scape .
Harvesting the scape helps the garlic plant put more of its energy into the bulb ( and become the garlic that we all know ) .
If you are growing garlic at home , you should harvest the scapes while they are young and tender , before they start to curl .
Garlic scapes taste like , well , garlic .
They have a lot less bite than garlic cloves but retain all of garlic ’s yummy flavor .
What makes garlic scapes so fun is that they have the texture and color of green beans , making them an exciting addition to scrambled eggs , pastas , stir fries , pesto , and dips .
To cook garlic scapes simply , chop them into bite - size bits and then saute them in oil or butter until tender and fragrant ( about 3 - 5 minutes ) .
Image courtesy of krossbow via a Creative Commons license .
Community type TV Show network NBC
Yahoo Screen
Ah , the almighty Internet .
Is there any limit to its power ?
A wink of its eye turns a pint - size Canadian into a pop phenom .
A twitch of its tail gets an 88 - year - old lady on SNL .
And now , it ’s putting its muscle behind another delightfully random campaign straight out of Hollywood Mad Libs : Giving Community star Donald Glover a shot at playing Spider - Man in the upcoming franchise reboot .
It all started last Friday , when the eminent Marc Bernardin of io9 ( and before that , EW ) responded to Spider - Man 4 casting rumors with a blog post titled “ The last thing Spider - Man should be is another white guy . ”
Two days later Glover himself tweeted a link to the post , christening the movement with its own hashtag , # donald2 spiderman .
Then his fans retweeted it .
Then he blogged it .
Now he ’s planning an all - out assault on Twitter at 9:30 pm ET tonight , hoping to push his cause up through the muck and murmur of the Web , all the way to the ears of Sony , the studio behind the Spidey reboot .
Of course , Glover says he is n’t asking for the role on a silver platter .
“ Some people are mistaken , ” he tweeted yesterday .
“ I do n’t want to just be given the role .
I want to be able to audition .
I truly love Spider - Man . ”
Fans of Community are sure to be on Team Glover here , given the comic ’s knack for scene - stealing on the show .
But what do you all think , PopWatchers ?
Could Glover really make the jump from Web trend to web slinger ?
Does he deserve a shot at the role ?
And do you think he ’d really make a good Spidey ?
More ‘ Spider - Man ’ reboot :
Sam Raimi , Tobey Maguire not doing ‘ Spider - Man 4 ’
Mr O'Neill , the man who first identified the BRIC economies of Brazil , Russia , India and China as the future for global economic growth and who has previously been bullish on the recovery , goes on to pinpoint growth in China as the main concern for the global economy .
Admit it , your credit score could probably use a little bump .
If you want to purchase a home , car , or any other luxury item , the first thing lenders will look at is your credit score .
Getting a handle on establishing good credit can be tough .
By having a positive attitude and following these steps you could get on the road to good credit in no time .
Why It ’s Important to Know Where You Stand with Your Credit
The first step to a better score is knowing where you stand .
Almost everything can be found online , including your credit score .
By visiting AnnualCreditReport.com — a legitimate site backed by the U.S. government — you can obtain a free credit report ( look , you ’re saving money already ! ) .
Keeping up - to - date on your credit report will help you catch any incorrect information .
The three largest credit bureaus in the United States each offer a free annual credit report .
A simple way to track your credit standing and financial health is to order one report every four months .
If you find a mistake or are unsure about anything , immediately write a letter to the specific agency and request a formal investigation into the information that could be inaccurate .
How to Understand Your Credit Score
Your credit score is not included in any of your reports .
While in most cases consumers pay for the number , there are ways you can access it for free .
For example , larger credit card companies may include your credit score on monthly statements or online .
Discover now offers your credit score for free , whether or not you 're a Discover cardholder .
Remember that you have more than one credit score .
In total , you can have over 30 credit scores .
Some people have hundreds of credit scores .
Let ’s examine why .
What Exactly Is A Credit Score ?
Your credit score is representative of all the information in your credit reports .
These scores are calculated by multiple credit bureaus , the largest being Experian , Transunion , and Equifax .
This automatically gives you multiple scores .
Each score is specific to the type of lender .
For example , free credit scores are typically called “ educational scores ” - a score assigned by a credit bureau .
A lender will typically not use an educational score to measure your creditworthiness .
This score is best used for watching your own credit standing .
There are specific scoring models for each type of lender .
This is because there are numerous loan products on the market .
The most common scoring models lenders use are FICO and VantageScore .
All About the FICO Model
The FICO model , named for the Fair Isaacs Corporation , was originally intended to calculate how likely a borrower would be to default on a mortgage loan .
The FICO model has since been updated into a variety of models , including :
The Standard FICO Score
The FICO Mortgage Score
The FICO Auto Score
The FICO Personal Finance Score
To further multiply the number of models ( and scores ) , FICO provides certain formulas to the various credit bureaus .
For example :
Experian uses the Experian Risk Score ( based off a FICO model )
Equifax uses the Pinnacle Score and the Beacon Score ( based off a FICO model )
Transunion uses the TransUnion Risk Score ( you guessed it )
In total , there are almost 50 different FICO scoring models which result in almost 50 different credit scores .
And then there ’s the VantageScore .
All About the VantageScore
The VantageScore model was created by Experian , Transunion , and Equifax to compete with the FICO model .
Still , the big three continue to work with FICO and assign scores based on their models .
The VantageScore model differs from the FICO score in that it gives “ reason codes ” to help explain to consumers why they score the way they do .
Though the model was created in collaboration between the primary bureaus , there can still be discrepancy in your scores between each .
If information from your credit report is mistakenly left out of the scoring model , your score will be different .
Therefore it is of the utmost importance to scrutinize your free credit reports , and report any errors based on the reason codes .
There Are Many Factors That Determine Your Credit Score
It is important to understand how a credit score is calculated .
According to the Consumer Federation of America ( CFA ) , there are five factors that go into calculating a credit score : Payment Patterns
Payment Patterns
Companies value prompt payments .
Lenders examine your credit score to decide how risky you are to their business .
Your score tells potential lenders the likelihood you ’ll pay money back based on your history .
If you have a history of late or missed payments , your credit score will take a huge hit .
Pay on time , every time .
Your score will thank you for it .
IOUs
Since your credit score is meant to predict your risk , the amount of money you already owe makes a big difference .
It is n’t only about how much you owe - it ’s how much you owe in proportion to what ’s available to you .
This is called your credit utilization ratio .
If a company sees a high ratio , that indicates maxed out credit cards , which further indicates a financial situation in which you are stretched to your max .
Aim to keep your ratio at 30 % or below so new lenders will feel safer lending to you .
Credit History
The longer your credit history , the higher your score .
Good credit history is important , but if it ’s short , then it does n’t tell potential lenders much of a story about you .
They want to see that you ’ve had good credit history for a long time .
This gives lenders a feeling that they can predict your future behavior .
In other words , keep paying on time , keep your ratios modest , and keep your accounts open ( even after you ’ve stopped using them ) .
New Credit
Your credit score can be lowered if you are constantly opening new credit accounts .
For every account you open or attempt to open , you get a “ ding ” on your credit score .
If you ’re applying for multiple different loans , those hits will add up .
Shop around for the credit product that you feel is best suited for your lifestyle and only apply for that .
Miscellaneous Other Factors
There are also other factors that go into score calculations , such as the variety of credit you are using ( or lack thereof ) .
Companies look to see if you are using credit for a mortgage or for personal items and other purchases .
Potential lenders want to see a history of multiple types of credit ( loans and lines of credit ) so they can get a feeling of how you behave in these circumstances .
Finally , student loans do something good for you !
Note : Each Factor is Weighted Differently
All of these components factor into your score , but at varying rates .
Some things ( like payment history ) are very important to potential lenders while others ( types of credit ) help flesh the story out for them , but are n’t as crucial .
Think about all of these factors but understand that you do n’t have to them all perfectly to have a good score .
Maintain a watchful eye over your bills , but accept that you are n’t always going to be perfect .
How to Increase Your Credit Score
Historically , credit scores have been hidden by smoke and mirrors , but that ’s not the case anymore .
You not only have the power to view your credit score on a regular basis , you also have the power to improve it .
Here ’s how :
Pay on Time
In this case , paying on time is money .
Paying your credit on time accounts for about 35 % of your score , according to the Consumer Federation of America .
If you are a naturally forgetful person , set up an automatic payment of credit card bills through your bank .
Be careful about your balance :
If you do not have enough money to pay the automatic billing each month , you could be charged with overdraft fees .
Put the Plastic Away
Do you really need that new sweater ?
Is it necessary to buy the latest Apple or Google gadget ?
Hold off on these purchases for now .
If you know your credit score is n’t as strong as you ’d like it to be , the most valuable thing you can do is focus on improving your credit .
Another benefit to slowing the use of credit cards is potentially a lower interest rate , which ultimately will result in less debt .
DIY Your Credit Repair
Do -It - Yourself .
It ’s okay to admit you need help every now and then , but hiring a credit repair company could put you at risk of being scammed .
You are a strong , smart individual and — in most cases — capable of improving your credit score by yourself .
Use Your Credit Score to Balance Your Habits
The steps seem easy enough , but following through is the difficult part .
The key is applying a little bit of determination and smart budgeting .
Having a high credit score is great for multiple reasons .
For one , the higher your credit score , the lower your interest rates which equals less money lost .
Higher scores also mean more opportunities to borrow when needed .
It ’s impossible to have a perfect credit score considering the many models , bureaus , and lenders charged with examining your credit reports .
What you can do is pay your bills on time , budget your spending , and review your reports when you ’re able to .
Credit Score Improvement Doesn't Happen Overnight
If you ’re unhappy with your score or believe it is n’t what it should be , make sure there are no errors on any of your credit reports .
If there are none to be found , do n’t lose hope !
Instead , write up a plan for yourself to follow .
With patience and consistency , you will be able to get the score you 've been hoping for .
Stay determined and continue to make active choices with your money .
A senior constable has been caught allegedly drink - driving while five times over the legal limit on the NSW central coast .
The 37 - year - old , who is attached to a specialist command , returned a blood - alcohol reading of .253 when tested following his arrest about 9.30 am today , police said .
The off - duty officer was caught during a random breath test on Riou Street at Gosford .
He has been suspended from duty after being charged with high - range drink - driving and has lost his licence , police said .
He was refused bail and will appear in Gosford Local Court today .
AAP
[ Editor 's Note : We 're not just a ( rad ) news site -- we also publish opinions / editorials from our community & employees like this one , though be aware that it may not jive with the opinions of Destructoid as a whole , or how our moms raised us .
Want to post your own article in response ?
Publish it now on our community blogs . ]
People do n’t really like to be f*cked with .
I ca n’t think of a compelling reason why any person would want to be lied to , led on , or strung around on a regular basis .
Sure , some people get off on doing this to others , but they ’re also the types that are likely to get their windshields smashed in with golf clubs .
Yet in fiction , we ca n’t get enough of stories that mess with our minds , our perceptions of events , or our ability to trust the players involved .
Some of the best pieces of fiction from recent memory ( and many from history ) have done this .
Of note is Shutter Island , which presented a story from the perspective of a completely unreliable narrator / main character .
The story was effective largely because of this single choice .
Games are in a unique narrative position , as they are able to play us as much as we play them .
However , few games do this , and even fewer do it effectively .
While games will always be at risk of pissing us off personally thanks to our personal involvement in the action , game narratives and game design are both in an ideal position to start f*cking with us , and some have already pulled this off to great effect .
Forgive them , for they know not what they do
The unreliable narrator is a concept that has already made its way into videogames , though a lot has been lost in the translation from literature to games .
Characters like GLaDOS have been cited as unreliable narrators , despite the fact that they are n’t actually narrating the action ; they ’re simply there to offer commentary and progress the story , much like any other major character .
BioShock takes this idea a step further .
Its main voiced character , Altas , consistently spreads misinformation to the protagonist .
Again , he is not a narrator in the most traditional sense .
Narration comes from the person conveying the story to the audience .
If we the players are the audience , we have to consider the character we inhabit to be the narrator , as his or her perspective is the vehicle for our own understanding of the events as well as the method in which we affect the story .
The true reliable narrator must be the player character , which presents an incredibly difficult challenge : how can the player play the character while the character is playing the player ?
It ’s nearly as hard to say as it would be to implement .
Regardless , I think it ’s more than possible .
For instance , many games can support a main playable character that is mentally unstable , lies compulsively , or simply has views that unfairly taint his perspective on the game ’s events .
Maybe he 's even too naive to understand what 's happening around him .
For instance , imagine a game in which the main character ’s mission is to infiltrate and destroy an evil organization .
All the while , the player character keeps up a facade in all dealings with other characters .
They ’re treated like evil conspiracists who lie compulsively to cover up their true intentions , and they deserve to die for their crimes .
Yet at the game ’s eventual conclusion , players would see the true intentions of the main character : perhaps all along he had simply been striving for power , or maybe it was all a matter of revenge for the corporation somehow ruining his life .
Either way , the shock of realizing that nothing is what it seems can be incredibly compelling if the illusion is strong .
Braid pulled off a bait and switch similar to this , though the execution was far from perfect .
Regardless , it serves as a proof of concept that it is entirely possible to create a game story in which you think you ’re doing one thing , though you ’re actually striving toward an entirely different , perhaps unsettling goal .
Silent Hill : Shattered Memories ( spoilers will follow ) utilized a sort of dual - narrator system , which at its conclusion not only revealed that the narrator and the player character were both quite unreliable but it also essentially changed the meaning of the entire story by revealing that you were n’t actually playing as the character you thought you were .
It ’s the sort of moment that can truly make or break a game , and in this instance , it turned a standard horror game into one of the best game stories of the year .
What these two games prove is that videogames do n’t need to stop at just presenting the story from point A to point B , with one character who goes through it all just as Random Faceless Protagonist would .
We ’re given such specific objectives , such straightforward characters , and such typical scenarios that it can be quite powerful when we realize that we had no idea what we were really doing .
Humanity in a land of monsters
We ’re programmed to kill .
I mean , god , how many lives have we taken as consumers of interactive software ?
The best answer that any of us can come up with is likely something akin to “ Uh , a lot . ”
We ’re conditioned to see human figures on screen and believe that we ’re expected to shoot them .
It ’s really no wonder , is it ?
The worlds we ’re placed into are constantly threatening , and it seems like any sense of humanity is better left at the door .
If we want to survive , we had better be willing to abandon any reservations related to killing .
Cormac McCarthy ’s
The Road presents a similar world , one in which human compassion has all but disappeared , replaced by the inhumanity of a post - apocalyptic wasteland where survival is accomplished through theft and murder .
With no humanity left , how can there be any other response ?
At least , that ’s the conclusion that we ’re meant to come to during the events of the novel .
The father teaches his son that they are the good guys , while everyone else they meet is simply out to take their food or perhaps cannibalize them .
Nothing throughout the events of the story seems to hint that there is any other option than this .
However , ( spoliers follow ) after the passing of the father , the son is left alone in this hostile world , only to meet a man on the beach .
Of course the boy is skeptical , though we soon learn that a group of survivors has been following the man and the boy , waiting for the man ’s death so they can take care of the boy .
It is in this moment that we realize the tragedy of the man ’s intentions : his desire to protect his son has been keeping them from the salvation they sought all along .
It should be obvious where I ’m going with this .
We ’re dropped into so many hostile worlds and expected to repay all of that hostility in kind .
Occasionally , we ’re asked whether we ’d like to be good or bad , and we get to either bring a little light into the world or add to the darkness .
Rarely are we unaware of the expectations of a hostile world .
We ’re either told to kill everything , choose whether we want to be bad or good , or told to simply be good and make a difference .
The variety provided by these three choices really is n’t enough .
We 've come to expect even those choices , and we know how we 're supposed to respond .
If a game were to shatter those expectations , the effect upon gameplay would be immense .
It has happened at least once before ; Chad wrote about a moment like this a few months ago .
Of course , in a God of War game , you would n’t think twice about killing anything in your path ( unless it happens to have its tits out , in which case you either twist its head off or have sex with it .
Never both . ) .
But this simple moment succeeds in changing all of that , and it ’s one of the most memorable moments in the entire series .
It did n’t exactly make players ask questions first and kill later , but it at least made us pause and consider the carnage we were creating .
Imagine this idea taken to an even greater level .
Let ’s say someone ’s playing a game like Fallout 3 , killing nearly everyone he meets in the wastes .
Soon he come across a woman in rags , who quickly raises a rifle at him .
Of course , not wanting to die , he shoots .
The woman falls , and behind her stands a little boy , cowering and crying .
There ’s absolutely nothing to this moment in terms of complexity , yet it and moments like it could change our very understanding of our role in a game .
Above , the player has just shot a terrified mother doing nothing more than trying to protect a child in a world of constant danger .
It ’s what any player would be expected to do given the basic situation : person with gun trying to kill you .
But just because we ’re conditioned to do it does n’t make it any less monstrous .
There are so many different ways to present a story that it ’s a shame that game storytellers have largely fallen into a sense of complacency .
Plenty of minor risks can be taken that do n’t detract from a game ’s marketability but still affect how we play a game and experience a story .
In other words , let ’s see some games that have the balls to fuck with us .
RailCorp will offer free WiFi at Sydney 's Circular Quay railway station in a trial scheduled to run from September to November this year .
The trial will gather information about customers , Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) and the tender process for RailCorp to evaluate the benefits and challenges of deploying WiFi on its entire CityRail network .
A RailCorp spokesman said the state - owned organisation is currently selecting an ISP and equipment for the trial .
" RailCorp is planning the free trial of a WiFi hotspot at Circular Quay later this year to allow customers to access WiFi at the station , " she told iTnews .
" Introducing WiFi across the entire CityRail network will take time to implement as we trial , refine and rollout a suitable and sustainable public transport WiFi system for our customers . "
WiFi on ferries
RailCorp 's WiFi trial follows other public and private sector ventures that have resulted in permanent WiFi services on ferries between Circular Quay and Manly .
Last month , privately owned Manly Fast Ferry introduced an advertising - sponsored WiFi service after a successful two - week - long trial .
On Sunday , NSW Transport Minister John Robertson launched a similar service on Sydney Ferries between Manly and Circular Quay .
The service is accessible via laptops or smartphones from the upper deck of all four Manly ' Freshwater ' vessels , providing an estimated 16,000 public transport users with 30 minutes or 30 MB of data per device each day .
Passengers exceeding the download or time limit can pay to extend the service .
ANZ has agreed to sponsor the service until 22 August in exchange for exclusive rights to advertising space throughout the period .
" Trials and testing have taken place over the past few weeks and we are now ready to open up WiFi services for all Manly Ferry passengers for the first time , " Robertson said in a statement .
ANZ had previously announced it would offer WiFi services on Sydney Ferries ' services in January but the trial was abandoned due to clashes with discussions on privatisation of the ferry service .
When W00t ! posted its delightful notice about being acquired by Amazon , it was picked up and re-run by blogs all over the net .
Not wanting to miss out on the action , the Associated Press ran the story and the text , too .
One problem : the AP has previously told bloggers that quotations — however brief — should be licensed before publication .
They even offer these licenses .
For a small fee , AP will generously allow you to quote one of its articles on your blog ( provided that you do n't do so in a way that criticizes the AP , of course , and they reserve the right to take the quote back at any time ) .
So W00t !
sent the AP a bill for $ 17.50 for the quotation :
The AP , we can't thank you enough for looking our way .
You see , when we showed off our good news on Wednesday afternoon , we expected we'd get a little bit of attention .
But when we found your little newsy thing you do , we could n't help but notice something important .
And that something is this : you printed our web content in your article !
The web content that came from our blog !
Why , is n't that the very thing you 've previously told nu-media bloggers they 're not supposed to do ?
So , The AP , here we are .
Just to be fair about this , we 've used your very own pricing scheme to calculate how much you owe us .
By looking through the link above , and comparing your post with our original letter , we 've figured you owe us roughly $ 17.50 for the content you borrowed from our blog post , which , by the way , we worked very very hard to create .
But , hey .
We 're all friends here .
And invoicing is such a hassle in today 's paperless society , are we right ?
How about this : instead of cutting us a check for the web content you liberated from our site , all you 'll need to do is show us your email receipt from today 's two pack of Sennheiser MX400 In - Ear Headphones , and we 'll call it even .
Woot To AP : You Owe Us $ 17.50 For Copying Our Content
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Media Matters and Fair , day in , day out do an excellent job of refuting the often incorrect assertions made on Fox Cable News , which is a conspiracy of media multi-billionaire and far - right Australian mogul Rupert Murdoch to shift American politics in his direction .
All societies ( not least the United States ) have racist and xenophobic strains in their politics , and most Australians are decent people .
But there is a particular history of rightwing Australian racism , having to do with the British colonization of the continent , the displacement of the Aboriginals , and then the feeling of being surrounded by Asians ( Indonesian Muslims , Chinese ) who might via immigration swamp the ¨white ¨population .
( There is not actually any such thing as ´whiteness´ , and most of the people who now claim to be white in the US were at one time excluded from the definition – Irish , Italians , Polish , etc. ) .
While their views are by no means similar , the white nationalism of Rupert Murdoch and Mel Gibson have similar historical roots .
At a time when racist ´ white nationalism ´is resurgent in the US there is a real danger of a racist international , which Fox ( which is shown around the world ) plays a role in supporting .
But I think this ´ Media Matters ´refutation of Glenn Beck´s talking points on his Monday show misses his insidious , over - all point ( perhaps because it is too fantastic to credit ) .
I think Beck was insinuating that Barack Obama is setting things up so that he can assassinate Tea Partiers .
The show is here .
The form of Beck ’s argument is as follows .
The Obama administration is eager to move away from a specific concern with Muslim terrorism or jihadism , which its officials define out of existence .
There are no longer ´enemy combatants ´ , i.e. no longer jihadists taken on the battlefield , and those at Guantanamo Bay are to be released .
But , Beck , notes , there is a strange contradiction in Obama´s policies on these matters .
The administration , he says , has announced that it will launch drone strikes against even American citizens suspected of engagement in terrorism .
So why deny that jihadism or Muslims are the problem , Beck asks ?
Why at the same time announce that you can assassinate even American citizens , even far from the battlefield , in an unconstitutional denial of due process ?
´ The president is worried about offending radical jihadists .
He ’s very worried about Muslims getting randomly attacked on the streets and scooped up — which , I have n’t seen .
But I also see who is feared :
The angry , racist Tea Parties .
In Missouri , a report was issued for state police to be on the lookout for supporters displaying bumper stickers and other paraphernalia associated with the Constitutional Campaign for Liberty and Libertarian parties .
The report categorized them as militia - influenced terrorists .
That ’s you with your “ Do n’t Tread on Me ” flag , gang … ´
Here are two headlines : “ Neo - Nazis tied to militia patrols in Arizona ” ; “ Tea Party rejects racist label ; some concerns remain . ”
They are trying to make you explode , to make you into a danger … .
It makes no sense .
Why does n’t the president care that the Democrats are on the verge of getting trounced in the elections ?
Because the president is about to have unstoppable power , making Congress irrelevant .
I think Beck´s discourse should be taken seriously .
He is cultivating a significant constituency .
Because of his erratic pronouncements and tear jags , it is easy to dismiss him or not even to see what he is really driving at .
In this quite insane rant , Beck accused Barack Obama of maneuvering to reorient the machinery of the ´war on terror´away from the real threat ( Muslims ) and to be able to direct it instead at ¨you ¨ ( i.e. at white people , Tea Partiers , whoever he thought he was addressing ) .
He was saying that Obama intends to make a constitutional coup via National Security Council fiat , so that he can launch the drone strikes against Arizona ¨ patriots , ¨ and Missouri libertarians .
I am also troubled by the drone strikes in non-war contexts , and not just on US citizens .
But Beck is not really worried about civil liberties .
He is painting a picture of a Black Hitler , who is developing sinister Storm Troopers to use for a Final Solution of the ¨white ¨problem .
Ironically , it is Beck who ends up sounding like Mein Kampf .
I haven´t seen any political or media responses ( other than that of Media Matters , which to my mind misses his larger point ) to this particular rant by Beck , and find that lapse in itself alarming .
Beck´s advertising base has collapsed because of the unsavory character of his discourse , but he is being kept on the air through immense subsidies , by Rupert Murdoch who admits that he agrees with Beck´s outrageous charge that Obama doesn´t like white people .
I was once attacked by John Fund at the Wall Street Journal because I said it is irresponsible of the FCC to allow Murdoch to misrepresent his far right propaganda campaign as ¨journalism .¨
But I repeat it here .
Something bigger than a consumer boycott of Beck advertisers is needed , maybe a consumer boycott of all Fox media and companies .
I´ve been cautioned by readers not to take on Murdoch because he is known to be particularly vindictive .
But that kind of comment only underlines the danger we are all in from him and his goon squad .
We would n't mind , if celebrity causes were simply vapid or silly .
But sometimes , they 're down right evil .
Future generations might find it odd that our society repeatedly gave people a stage to talk about important social issues based on nothing more than the fact that they once starred in a movie we liked .
6 Free Mumia Abu- Jamal
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Google the words " free Mumia Abu - Jamal " and you 'll find a long list of websites that howl at his incarceration .
It 's like if Interpol threw Conan O'Brien in jail for making fun of the Pope .
The story goes that in 1981 , Abu - Jamal was arrested for shooting Philadelphia policeman Daniel Faulkner while he was issuing a traffic citation to Abu - Jamal 's brother .
He was convicted and sentenced to death .
Since that time , everybody from Paul Newman to the European Parliament has lobbied , in one way or another , for his release .
Prince wrote Purple Rain as an extended allegory of Abu - Jamal 's story .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Some who get involved are simply against the death penalty .
Others decry the whole thing as institutionalized racism .
As Free Mumia supporters like Susan Sarandon , Alec Baldwin and Nelson Mandela rightly point out , Abu -Jamal was a Black Panther and the American judicial system has n't exactly been kind to African Americans .
Unfortunately , that tends to be the only detail they get right about the case .
For instance , accroding to the " Free Mumia " conspiracy theory , a . 44 - caliber bullet was removed from Faulkner 's body but Abu - Jamal had a .38 .
" Mr. Baldwin , please put on a shirt and stop tampering with that evidence . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
However , according to the ballistics expert hired by Mumia 's own attorney , the bullet fragments pulled from Faulkner 's body were a ballistics match to a gun registered to Abu - Jamal .
A gun which , it should be pointed out , was found next to Abu - Jamal at the crime scene along with five empty casings .
There 's also the matter of the four witnesses who were at the scene of the crime who all implicated Abu - Jamal as firing the fatal shot .
There 's also the fact that , in almost 30 years , his story has changed numerous times , including the recent claim that it was , get this , a mysterious mafia hit man who killed Faulkner because he was a dirty cop .
Faulkner 's widow , who was spat on and screamed at during the trial , must especially love that theory .
Getting Started with the BlackBerry Mobile Development Platform
BlackBerry devices do not fare well in the media battle , but they may win the market share war .
While the iPhone and Android rule technology headlines , BlackBerry phones have thoroughly penetrated large corporations and recently expanded their reach to many consumers .
Research In Motion ( RIM ) has worked hard to enable developers to create compelling applications for their phones , and you may be surprised to learn that these devices can do nearly everything their flashier competitors do , as well as some things they cannot .
This article will walk you through the essential facts of BlackBerry development .
You 'll learn enough to decide whether and how BlackBerry fits into your mobile product strategy , and be able to start preparing to write awesome BlackBerry apps .
Editor 's Note :
For complete reviews of all the leading mobile development platforms , see the Internet.com Special Report " Field Guide to the Mobile Development Platform Landscape " .
BlackBerry Development Environments
The BlackBerry toolset has drastically improved in recent years .
If you have n't touched the platform in a few years , you will be delighted at what it now offers .
The BlackBerry Java Development Environment ( JDE ) , which combines an SDK , an IDE , and a set of simulators , has tortured developers for years .
This Swing - based application gets the job done , but it employs a user interface that screams 1994 , perplexing debugging , and inconsistent keyboard shortcuts .
It does offer the advantage of a single download that contains all you need to develop and debug on the simulator and the device , but using it can be quite painful .
Each JDE version is tied to a particular version of the BlackBerry OS .
So , for example , if you wish to target a device running OS 5.0 , you would download JDE version 5.0 .
I will discuss versions more later in this article , but for now , be aware that all BlackBerry Java applications are forward - compatible .
An application written using the 4.2 version of the JDE will run on a 5.0 device , but an application written on the 5.0 JDE may not run on a 4.2 device .
Because of the JDE 's shortcomings , developers have often turned to their own preferred IDEs , such as NetBeans or IntelliJ IDEA .
Because most BlackBerry applications are written in Java , you can use any Java editor to write your application code .
However , other IDEs typically do not integrate well with debugging , and they require custom plugins or scripts to build and debug BlackBerry applications .
The BlackBerry landscape changed when RIM announced a custom plugin for Eclipse that combined the features of their custom JDE with the ease - of - use of Eclipse .
The latest version of the BlackBerry Java Plugin runs on Eclipse 3.5 and has been embraced by developers .
You can read instructions for installing the plugin at blackberry.com .
Finally , if you are primarily interested in developing visual content for the BlackBerry , such as wallpapers or videos , you should check out the BlackBerry Theme Studio ( formerly known as the Plazmic Content Developer 's Kit ) .
BlackBerry Simulators
Although you eventually should run your app on an actual BlackBerry device , you will likely perform the majority of your testing on a simulator .
The simulator allows you to bypass several tedious loading and permissions steps , as well as simulate devices that you may not physically possess .
When you download the JDE or the JDE Plugin for Eclipse , it will install a basic set of simulators for you automatically .
You can -- and should -- download and install additional simulators , which allow you to test the exact model , wireless carrier , and firmware version of your targets .
As a bonus when you download a simulator , you will be able to perform on - device debugging for the corresponding device .
The BlackBerry simulators get mixed reviews , however .
On a positive note , they tend to be very accurate .
The behavior you see on the simulator will usually match what you would see on the device .
On the downside , the simulators are painfully slow .
To ensure their accuracy , they fully simulate every aspect of the device , including a very lengthy boot - up process .
Depending on the speed of your development machine and the particular simulator you use , it easily can take several minutes to start debugging .
Also , when you make any changes to your program , you will need to restart the entire process ; the simulators do not support hot - swapping code .
BlackBerry Programming Languages
BlackBerry devices use a superset of the Java ME language , which itself is a subset of the Java language .
If you have programmed in Java ME before , you will see that all the core Java ME features are available .
BlackBerry devices also include many of the most popular JSRs , adding features such as file connections , media recording and playback , wireless messaging , and more .
If you have previously written Java on the desktop or the server , you may be disappointed with BlackBerry Java .
Java ME is compatible with Java 1.3 , and does not include many of the nicer features added to the language during the past decade , such as generics , enumerations , and regular expressions .
It also lacks some features that were present in Java 1.3 , such as collections and reflection .
RIM has enhanced the basic Java ME legacy of BlackBerry development with a very rich set of custom APIs .
Many offer features specific to mobile devices , including information about cell towers , battery levels , and so on .
They also include some very useful features that are in standard Java but not in Java ME .
For example , while you wo n't find java.util .
Arrays , there is a net.rim.device.api.util.Arrays class that offers most of the same features .
If you plan to develop Plazmic content for animation , you will ultimately be working with Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) .
However , most of your work can be done directly within the BlackBerry Theme Studio .
Alternately , the BlackBerry toolset offers some support for creating a Flash SWF file and importing it to BlackBerry .
If you wish to go this route , make a prototype first to make sure you will be happy with the results of this conversion .
Like all modern mobile platforms , BlackBerry also supports web applications .
All BlackBerry phones accept standard HTML as well as legacy WAP pages .
The BlackBerry Browser offers JavaScript , although different devices have different levels of support .
The next big thing for BlackBerry will be widgets .
BlackBerry Widgets are written using HTML , CSS , and JavaScript , and they provide lightweight applications that can be installed to the device .
They can access an extensive JavaScript API for BlackBerry , and you can further enhance them by writing custom JavaScript libraries that access native Java APIs .
If you learn to write web apps and Java , you will be in a great position to write BlackBerry Widgets .
Page 1 of 2
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
Consumer credit card debt declined by more than $ 7 billion in May , marking a record 20th straight monthly drop , according to the latest Federal Reserve data .
The Federal Reserve G.19 report released Thursday indicated that consumers ’ credit card balances fell 10.5 percent in May , extending a string of declines that started back in October 2008 .
Overall consumer debt fell as well — down 4.5 percent to $ 2.415 trillion in May .
The Fed ’s monthly report looks at card balances and other forms of debt :
Along with revolving credit — a loan category made up almost entirely of credit card debt — the G.19 report also weighs the total amount of nonrevolving debt , a type that includes auto loans , student loans and loans for mobile homes , boats and trailers .
With the U.S. economy still facing a difficult recovery , credit card debt continues to drop .
The revolving debt component fell to $ 830.8 billion from $ 838.2 billion in April .
At its peak in September 2008 , U.S. credit card debt stood at $ 975.7 billion .
It has plunged a total of $ 144.9 billion since then .
That means the average U.S. household with credit card debt — of which there are roughly 54 million , according to government data — has eliminated roughly $ 2,683 in credit card debt during that period , as borrowers either paid down debt or had it charged off as uncollectable .
The Fed also sharply revised April ’s numbers from the previous release .
Last month ’s release indicated a small 0.5 percent increase in overall consumer debt in April , but that number was changed to reflect a 4.5 percent drop for that month .
The change was sparked by a major revision to the nonrevolving debt numbers .
The previous release had shown a 7.1 percent increase in nonrevolving debt in April , but Thursday ’s release showed that nonrevolving debt actually decreased by 5 percent in April .
( Revolving credit numbers were basically unchanged in the two releases . )
Experts say the downward momentum in revolving credit is unlikely to shift over the next few months .
“ I do n’t expect to see any increase until late this year , ” says David Wyss , chief economist with Standard & Poor ’s in New York .
AMERICANS CONTINUE TO SHED CREDIT CARD DEBT
For a record 20 straight months , consumers ’ credit card debt has continued to shrink .
The chart above shows how much less credit card debt Americans have than they did when revolving debt hit its peak of $ 975.7 billion in September 2008 .
Note : Decrease is cumulative , and shown in billions of dollars .
Those who can pay off their card debt , do
Why are credit card debt levels dropping ?
According to consumer advocates , borrowers who can afford to pay their bills are working to reduce their debt levels .
“ Most consumers I hear from who are employed and able to do so are paying down balances and look forward to removing the yoke represented by revolving credit balances , ” says Linda Sherry , director of national priorities for nonprofit education and advocacy group Consumer Action .
New data from the American Bankers Association seems to back that up , showing that consumers are increasingly making on - time card payments .
Late payments — or delinquencies — fell to their lowest percentage in eight years as U.S. consumers borrow less and save more .
Credit card delinquencies fell to 3.88 percent in the first quarter of 2010 from 4.39 percent in the fourth quarter of 2009 .
But with the unemployment rate at a still - high 9.5 percent in June , some borrowers simply can’t afford to pay down their debts right now .
In fact , cardholders without any income may be forced to charge basic expenses on their plastic .
“ I feel like people with balances today have to be in desperate straits to add to those balances , ” Sherry says .
Banks limit lending
It ’s not always possible for cardholders to add to their balances , however .
While plastic may offer a lifeline to some struggling consumers , banks are less willing to extend lines of credit .
Amid the Credit CARD
Act ‘s restrictions on their business and as the economy ’s ongoing struggles , card issuers have tightened their lending standards .
That means it ’s more difficult for the typical consumer to borrow money .
It ’s also become more costly : CreditCards.com data shows that the average interest rate on a new card offer currently stands at 14.43 percent , up from 12.87 percent six months earlier .
Despite all the challenges borrowers continue to face , some experts are nevertheless accentuating the positive , noting that cardholders are becoming more resilient .
“ Consumers today may be looking for authenticity in their lives , ” Sherry says .
“ The fallout in the economy has moved us somewhat away from the consumerist mindset , and as a nation I think we are focused more on ‘ needs ’ than on ‘ wants , ' ” she says .
See related : Consumers paying more credit card bills on time , Credit card interest rates end five - week run of increases , Credit card reform arrives in the form of the Credit CARD Act , Credit card lending standards keep tightening , Fed report says , Poll : 2 out of 5 credit cardholders report getting whacked , Calculate the cost of just paying the minimum , Calculator :
How long until my card balance is paid off ? , Credit card rates : interactive graphic on APR changes
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
do n’t
Israel ’s worldwide “ loyal opposition ” is asking :
Where is this country going ?
Where is Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu going ?
Where is this government ’s policy headed ?
Do they think they can go on with the occupation forever , do they plan to fight the whole world forever ?
What is their goal and how do they expect to get there ?
When these gung - ho Israelis try to plot the future , what do they have in mind for a happy ending ?
Simple : The Republican Party ’s return to power .
The happy ending they envision is this :
The Republicans retake the White House and Congress so Bibi , the settlers and the whole Israeli Right can do whatever the hell they want and America will back them up , no questions asked .
This strategy came into focus clearly enough with Netanyahu ’s victorious visit to the White House this week .
Everyone knows President Barack Obama and his administration can’t stand Netanyahu or his policies , but Obama had to smile and pretend because he ’s scared stiff of giving the Republicans more ammunition for the November elections .
Look at what ’s happening :
The prime minister of Israel is holding the president of the United States at bay , bending him to his will , because he ’s got the Republicans behind him .
Not a bad strategy , I ’d say .
For the time being .
In the long run , I do n’t think it ’s going to work .
It ’ll take Israel through the midterm elections , and maybe beyond ; after November , Obama may be too weak to pressure Israel into making peace .
And two years later , with the way the US economy ’s going , the Israeli Right may have its prayers answered by a Republican presidential candidate defeating Obama .
But if Netanyahu and the gang think a President Sarah Palin or a President Newt Gingrich and all their yahoos in Congress can make the world safe for West Bank settlements , or for the blockade of Gaza , or for Israeli militarism in general , they ’re wrong .
The Republicans are the American equivalent of the Likud , and vice versa .
They both see the world in terms of us vs. them , they both hate Muslims and liberals , they both see war with one Muslim enemy after another as the only way to solve their problems , they ’re both clueless about how to make peace or stability and , thus , the only friends they have in the world are each other .
SORRY , IT ’S not enough .
The American Right and the Israeli Right against the world – how far can they get ?
The Likud thinks the Republicans will prop them up ?
Instead , they ’ll drag each other down .
They ’ll be like Thelma and Louise , holding hands as they drive over the cliff .
But that ’s at least a few years away .
In the meantime , Israel is becoming an ever more powerful “ wedge issue ” for the Republicans .
It goes like this : Either you ’re for Israel or you ’re for the Democrats , you ca n’t be both .
Put another way : Either you ’re for the Republicans or you ’re for the terrorists , you have to choose one .
The message is working well and it ’s cost Obama a lot of support – mainly among Jews but also among middle - of - the - road gentiles .
And it is , indeed , forcing Americans who love Israel – including those whohate Muslims and liberals – to choose sides .
For this wing of the pro-Israel community , the choice goes like this :
Either you ’re against Palin , Gingrich , Rush Limbaugh , Fox News , Pastor John Hagee and all the other Republicans who just love the direction Israel ’s going in , or you ’re for the Netanyahu government ’s policies – you ca n’t be both .
Put another way : Either you want Israel to remain a part of the democratic world , or you want to change the Likud - led , Republican - backed , belligerent , separatist direction it ’s going in – you ca n’t have both .
American , Israeli , whoever ’s interested – you have to choose .
The University of California , Berkeley has released the results of a study examining the economic benefits of a comprehensive Feed - In Tariff ( FIT ) .
The analysis shows that enacting a robust FIT in California to achieve the state ’s 33 % Renewables Portfolio Standard ( RPS ) would create three times the number of jobs , over 2 billion in additional tax revenue , and stimulate tens of billions in new investment .
Furthermore , the adoption of a comprehensive FIT will cost - effectively fulfill California ’s 33 % - by - 2020 goal on schedule .
Headed by Dan Kammen of UC Berkeley ’s Energy and Resources Group , the analysis examined the economic benefits of a FIT deployed in California to facilitate the state ’s effort to achieve the 33 % RPS by 2020 .
A FIT is essentially a fixed price , long - term contract for a utility to buy electricity produced by renewable energy generators .
“ This report demonstrates the benefits of using a feed - in tariff as one of the tools to achieve job creation and get our economy back on track in addition to achieving energy independence and reducing our need for fossil fuels .
It is a wonderful guide to the kind of policies that will get us to a more prosperous and sustainable energy economy .
I am grateful to Dan Kammen , Max Wei , and their colleagues for continuing to produce the kind of solid analysis we need to make better policy decisions , ” said California State Senator Fran Pavley ( D - Agoura Hills ) .
The Berkeley study specifically examined a FIT that would be available to solar projects up to 20 megawatts ( MW ) in size .
Professor Kammen and his colleague Max Wei studied the impact of such a FIT on employment , tax revenue , and investment compared to current RPS scenarios being modeled by California regulatory agencies .
“ The conclusions confirm the FIT Coalition ’s unvarying position that FITs are the best policy mechanism for accelerating the deployment of cost - effective renewables while delivering tremendous economic benefits wherever FITs are designed to achieve scale .
This study will open many policymakers ’ minds to the unparalleled benefits of FITs and their ability to unleash the wholesale distributed generation market segment , ” said Craig Lewis , executive director of the FIT Coalition .
The study ’s key findings include that three times the number of jobs will be created if a FIT is enacted to complement the RPS .
This translates into roughly 280,000 more jobs over the next decade , or an average of 28,000 jobs per year , with more jobs created in the early years because wholesale distributed generation ( WDG ) projects can come online quickly .
Another key finding includes over $ 2 billion in additional tax revenue for the state .
Further , the study found that a comprehensive FIT would stimulate up to $ 50 billion in new private investment in the state with the potential for those renewable energy projects to be eligible for another $ 15 billion in federal tax benefits .
Click here to see details on the study ’s methodology , an accompanying summary or the entire report .
At the scene of a small apartment fire , firefighter Jim Lanigan from Ladder 5 resuscitates a puppy .
( Rob Bennett for The Wall Street Journal )
A parking garage collapsed in Hackensack , NJ with two people still inside .
( Rob Bennett for The Wall Street Journal )
The ...
( CNN ) --
More than 7,200 children in Gaza dribbled their way to an unofficial record Thursday night at an airport in Rafah , officials from a United Nations agency said .
" It was a fantastic day today , " John Ging , head of the U.N. Relief Works Agency said of the event .
" Children of Gaza once again show they have fantastic abilities , fantastic talent , and all we need to do is help them to realize their potential . "
Relief agency spokesman Chris Gunness said the mass - dribbling record still needs to be verified by the Guinness Book of World Records .
Organized by the U.N. agency , the Great Gaza Global Bounce is part of the annual Summer Games program that provides recreational activities for more than a quarter of million children across Gaza .
Now in its fourth year , the games are the largest recreation program for Gaza 's children and are designed to bring a positive summer experience for many of the children who have been affected by poverty and unrest .
Children in Gaza , who often have few outlets for recreation outside of school , attend the camps to engage in sports , arts and craft , theater , and drama activities .
The record attempt was n't the first for the children of the U.N. - backed summer camp .
Last year , Summer Games participants set the record for the number of kites flown simultaneously .
Prior to Thursday 's attempt to break the basketball - bouncing record , U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon expressed his support in a video message .
" I want to congratulate the children of Gaza for taking part in this great event , " he said .
" You are showing the world that if you are given the opportunity ... you can be number one ! "
The previous world record for simultaneously bouncing basketballs was set in 2007 at the Hoosier Basketball Celebration in Indiana where more than 3,000 were bounced simultaneously .
Hundreds of thousands of Wal - Mart employees now have an extra reason to consider pursuing a college degree .
Through a partnership with the online American Public University ( APU ) , they can qualify for free college credits that are awarded for the knowledge and skills they 've gained in certain job categories .
By 2012 , 70 percent of the giant company 's US staff will be in jobs that are eligible for free credits .
The partnership is emblematic of changes in the college landscape .
Many adults are going back to school to upgrade their career prospects – a move that could be essential for today 's difficult job market .
In addition , President Obama has said that by 2020 , the United States should lead the world in the rate of college degrees earned .
It is against this backdrop that demand is growing for more credits for learning accomplished outside the classroom – in the military , the workplace , or even volunteer activities .
Rather than simply requiring traditional " seat time , ... everyone is looking [ for how to ] get more people through higher - ed programs faster and in a more flexible way , " says Richard Kazis , senior vice president of Jobs for the Future , a research and policy organization in Boston .
But is working in a job , say , as a cashier really worthy of college credit ?
If a student can show how the experience translates into knowledge and skills that others might learn in a college class , then yes , higher - education experts say .
" It 's not what you did , but what you know , " says Pamela Tate , president of the Council for Adult & Experiential Learning ( CAEL ) in Chicago , which helps colleges assess the educational value of on - the - job and other life experiences .
About 8 in 10 colleges offer some credit for " prior learning " in the military or as demonstrated in exams in a variety of fields , a CAEL survey found .
Sixty - six percent review portfolios that students put together to show other types of college - level learning , according to the survey .
Different colleges set different standards for such credits , however , so to what extent Wal - Mart employees will be able to transfer them to other institutions is an open question .
" Giving college credit for working at [ a place like ]
Wal - Mart is not something that 's typically been done , " says Janet Poley , president of the American Distance Education Consortium in Lincoln , Neb .
It depends on how the Wal - Mart program is implemented , but , Ms. Poley says , " I do n't think there 's going to be a high respect , nor , if you move to another institution , [ a high level of ] acceptance of credit , for at least some of the [ job categories ] they 're talking about . "
General resistance to experiential - learning credits was strong in the 1970s but has largely faded , Ms. Tate says .
" There are still pockets of faculty who say , ' If you did n't learn it here on this campus ... I do n't support [ giving you credit ] .' ...
But if the Wal - Mart program really is a good one , it could help to spread the practice of [ prior learning ] assessment throughout the corporate world and help a lot of working people get credentials . "
College students who start off with such credits are more likely to complete an associate 's or bachelor 's degree , according to a recent CAEL study of 48 postsecondary institutions .
For Brian Gentile , starting college was n't a problem .
But after taking classes on and off for 20 years , he decided it was time to get his bachelor 's degree in computer and information science .
Through the University of Mary­land University College , which caters to working adults , he earned 15 credits – the equivalent of five classes – for learning he 's accomplished in his IT jobs .
They cost one - third of what is charged for regular class credits .
Better yet , he says , " it basically saved me a year ....
It made me think , ' OK , I can actually finish this degree finally . ' "
But those 15 credits were n't just handed over .
He had to take a semester - long class to put together a portfolio documenting what he 'd mastered .
Trained faculty evaluate portfolios before granting credits .
" It was a ton of work , " he says .
Mr. Gentile 's credits were for courses such as " Windows Network Infrastructure " – a subject he says was better learned " in real life , " where he ran into snags and people issues that usually do n't happen in class .
As for Wal - Mart 's Lifelong Learning Program , APU , which is based in Charles Town , W.Va. , is rigorously evaluating the types of learning involved in the company 's jobs , says Karan Powell , senior vice president and academic dean .
From there , it will match up equivalent course credits .
Cashiers , for instance , can receive six free credits toward courses such as customer relations .
With some free credits and a 15 percent discount , Wal - Mart employees can save a considerable amount on tuition .
Some observers , however , have raised questions about the affordability factor for low - wage workers .
Over the next three years , Wal - Mart has promised to contribute $ 50 million to help employees pursue college courses .
Since the 1970s , private companies have paid the American Council on Education , a Washington higher - education association , to evaluate their training for potential credits .
The Wal - Mart announcement in June has prompted more corporate calls to ACE about how to have training evaluated , says Jim Selbe , ACE 's assistant vice president for lifelong learning .
Related :
55 % of Americans believe that they are protected by guardian angels
25 % claim to have witnessed miraculous healings
20 % claim to have heard some sort of god speak to them
8 % speak in tongues
Back in 2008 , I wrote about the results of a Baylor University poll that found :
If you are an atheist living in the U.S. , you have undoubtedly seen data just like these countless times .
Like me , you have probably even struggled to understand how such beliefs could be present in our modern age .
What do you call it when someone believes all sorts of nonsense without any evidence whatsoever and then goes so far as to demand that others adopt their beliefs ?
Faith ?
Ignorance ?
Idiocy ?
How you label it probably is not nearly as important as what , if anything , you decide to do about it .
Some have suggested that we do not need to do anything about such irrational beliefs .
Indeed , some argue that we should ignore these beliefs because even criticizing them offers publicity to those who seek to spread them .
I 'll admit that this argument holds appeal in certain cases , but I 'm not sure it works for those of us who are convinced that beliefs like this are dangerous .
No , I think a response is necessary Surprisingly , this one still comes up from time to time .
No , respect is not something to be granted simply because religion is involved .
Respect is earned , and false beliefs have earned no respect .
I think that most people who cling to this idea of respect are confusing respect for the individual believer with respect for the beliefs .
We can respect people even while having no respect for the superstitious drivel some of them believe .
Education ( and critical thinking skills and scientific literacy in particular ) is important .
However , I am not sure that education can take us as far as we need to go without help .
The way I have come to think of it is that education is necessary but not sufficient in reducing irrational beliefs .
After all , we have witnessed the lengths to which some will go to avoid learning anything and to prevent their own children from gaining knowledge of their world .
When people like me rail against religious delusion and crown people who hold these sorts of beliefs as idiots , are n't we simply making things worse ?
Is n't the natural response to a perceived attack either a counterattack or a strengthening of one 's own views ?
This is a tempting but overly simplistic analysis .
Mockery can be effective for some but will certainly not be effective for all .
It can not be the only response , but it should not be dismissed as a wholly ineffective response either .
Like it or not , humans are social creatures who can and do learn from social pressures .
When someone says something stupid and is greeted with resounding laughter , temporarily becoming the butt of their friends ' jokes , they tend to refrain from expressing the same sort of stupidity in the future .
Very few of those who believe in angels , think Sarah Palin is qualified to be president , or believe that Obama is going to take away our guns are going to be talked out of these erroneous views quickly or easily .
A multifaceted approach is needed .
However , each of us can use every interaction we have with such a person to plant the seeds of doubt .
Like real seeds , we must recognize that it may take these metaphorical seeds a long time to germinate .
Let our primary task be one of stimulating genuine thought .
Remember , while it may indeed be an uphill battle , we have reality on our side
In affluent pockets of San Antonio , a quiet battle is brewing .
You can see it all over the neighbors ' yards — literally .
It began with one side declaring " No socialism " in white letters on a black background .
Some did n't like that , so they aped the design but changed the message to read " No selfishness . "
Caught in the crossfire , others have put their own creative , cheeky twist on the fad .
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories , or may be the subject of them .
For a complete list of contributors , click here .
The discovery in Gabon of more than 250 fossils in an excellent state of conservation has provided proof , for the first time , of the existence of multicellular organisms 2.1 billion years ago .
This finding represents a major breakthrough : until now , the first complex life forms ( made up of several cells ) dated from around 600 million years ago .
These new fossils , of various shapes and sizes , imply that the origin of organized life is a lot older than is generally admitted , thus challenging current knowledge on the beginning of life .
These specimens were discovered and studied by an international ( 1 ) multidisciplinary team of researchers led by Abderrazak El Albani of the Laboratoire " Hydrogéologie , Argiles , Sols et Altérations " ( CNRS / Université de Poitiers ) ( 2 ) .
Their work , due to be published in Nature on 1st July , will feature on the cover of the journal .
The first traces of life appeared in the form of prokaryotic organisms , in other words organisms without a nucleus , around three and a half billion years ago .
Another major event in the history of life , the " Cambrian explosion " some 600 million years ago , marked a proliferation in the number of living species .
It was accompanied by a sudden rise in oxygen concentration in the atmosphere .
What happened between 3.5 billion and 600 million years ago though ?
Scientists have very little information about this era , known as the Proterozoic .
Yet , it is during this crucial period that life diversified : to the prokaryotes were added the eukaryotes , single or multicelled organisms endowed with a more complex organization and metabolism .
These large - sized living beings differ from prokaryotes by the presence of cells possessing a nucleus containing DNA .
While studying the paleo - environment of a fossil - bearing site situated near Franceville in Gabon in 2008 , El Albani and his team unexpectedly discovered perfectly preserved fossil remains in the 2.1 billion - year - old sediments .
They have collected more than 250 fossils to date , of which one hundred or so have been studied in detail .
Their morphology cannot be explained by purely chemical or physical mechanisms .
These specimens , which have various shapes and can reach 10 to 12 centimeters , are too big and too complex to be single - celled prokaryotes or eukaryotes .
This establishes that different life forms co-existed at the start of the Proterozoic , as the specimens are well and truly fossilized living material .
To demonstrate this , the researchers employed cutting - edge techniques that allowed them to define the nature of the samples and to reconstruct their environment .
An ion probe capable of measuring the content of sulfur isotopes made it possible to map the relative distribution of organic matter precisely .
This matter is what remains of the living organism , which has been transformed into pyrite ( a mineral formed of iron disulfide ) during fossilization .
This helped the researchers to distinguish the fossils from the Gabonese sediment ( made of clay ) .
In addition , using an ultra-sophisticated , high - resolution 3D scanner ( also known as X - ray microtomograph ) , they were able to reconstitute the samples in three dimensions and , in particular , assess their degree of internal organization in great detail , without compromising the integrity of the fossils , since the method is non-invasive .
The clearly defined and regular shape of these fossils points to a degree of multicellular organization .
These organisms lived in colonies : more than 40 specimens per half square meter were sometimes collected .
Consequently , they constitute the oldest multicellular eukaryotes ever described to date .
By studying the sedimentary structures of this site , which is remarkable both for its richness and quality of conservation , the scientists have shown that these organisms lived in a shallow marine environment ( 20 to 30 meters ) , often calm but periodically subjected to the combined influence of tides , waves and storms .
In order to be able to develop 2.1 billion years ago and become differentiated to a degree never attained previously , the authors suggest that these life forms probably benefited from the significant but temporary increase in oxygen concentration in the atmosphere , which occurred between 2.45 and 2 billion years ago .
Then , 1.9 billion years ago , the level of oxygen in the atmosphere fell suddenly .
Until now , it has been assumed that organized multicellular life appeared around 0.6 billion years ago and that before then the Earth was mainly populated by microbes ( viruses , bacteria , parasites , etc. ) .
This new discovery moves the cursor of the origin of multicellular life back by 1.5 billion years and reveals that cells had begun to cooperate with each other to form more complex and larger structures than single - celled organisms .
Several research avenues now need to be explored : understanding the history of the Gabonese basin and why the necessary conditions were gathered to enable this organized and complex life to exist ; further exploring the site to enhance the collection of fossils ; but also comparing the history of the Earth 's oxygenation with the mineralization of clays .
The most urgent task , however , remains the protection of this exceptional site .
Notes :
(1) Made up of around twenty researchers from sixteen different institutions .
(2) With the participation , in France , of the following institutions : the Centre de Microtomographie de l'Université de Poitiers , the Unité " Histoire Naturelle de l'Homme Préhistorique " ( CNRS / MNHN ) , the company " Etudes Recherches Matériaux " of the CRI Biopole de Poitiers , the Unité " Géosciences Rennes " ( CNRS / Université de Rennes ) , BRGM ( French Geological Survey ) , the Laboratoire d'Hydrologie et de Géochimie de Strasbourg ( CNRS / Université de Strasbourg ) , the Centre de Recherche sur la Paléobiodiversité et les Paléoenvironnements ( CNRS / MNHN / UPMC ) and the Laboratoire Géosystèmes ( CNRS / Université Lille 1 / Université d'Amiens ) .
Testimony of Ronald K. Henry , Attorney - At - Law ,
Before the Subcommittee on Human Resources ,
Committee on Ways and Means ,
United States House of Representatives , June 30 , 1992
I. Introduction
As we gather to discuss American families today , social science researchers continue to confirm what societal tradition and intuition have told us all along ; children need the active physical and emotional involvement of two parents , a father and a mother .
For every social problem that we experience -- teenage pregnancy , drug abuse , poor school performance , low self - esteem , depression , suicide , or any other item on our list of social ills -- research confirms that family breakdown and , particularly , father loss are primary causal factors .
As acknowledged by groups of all political persuasions , from the conservative American Legislative Exchange Counsel to the liberal Progressive Policy Institute to the National Commission on Children , a political consensus has emerged to acknowledge the reality that public policy must begin to focus upon issues of family formation , family preservation , and demilitarization of the divorce process where parental separation cannot be avoided .
Unfortunately for children , public policy initiatives too often consist of bandaids and tonics designed to cover or suppress individual symptoms while failing to diagnose or cure the underlying disease .
Too often , the tonics have some unintended consequences and side effects which exacerbate the original disease or stimulate new ones .
The nation has spent thirty years treating the symptoms of family breakdown in ways that many believe have unintentionally advanced the dismal trend .
We know that marriage is the best path to avoid or escape poverty , yet we punish family formation through our social service programs and tax laws .
We know that the three best predictors of child support compliance are ( 1 ) the fairness of the original order , ( 2 ) the obligor 's access to the child , and ( 3 ) the obligor 's work stability , yet we have proceeded on a simplistic ideology of " more is better " in all matters of support amount and punitive enforcement .
We know that entrenched special - interest groups have a vested interest in magnifying their own self - importance through repeated claims that child support is paid only 50 % in full and 25 % in part , but we have failed to challenge the accuracy of the claims and have failed to challenge the special - interest groups ' strange silence about the fact that the same data base also reveals the following :
- Child support compliance was 90.2 % in cases of joint custody ;
- Child support compliance was 79.1 % where access to the child was protected by a visitation order ;
- Child support compliance was only 44.5 % where neither joint custody nor access were protected by an order ;
- In 66 % of the non-compliance cases , the mothers themselves reported that the reason was " father unable pay . " [ 1 ]
The Committee is to be commended for authorizing these hearings .
The issues at stake for American families are too important to allow policy to be based upon stereotyping , anecdotes , and special - interest group " spin control " .
Congress needs thoughtful , dispassionate analysis of the role of Federal policy in family breakdown and parent absence .
Before Congress considers more mechanisms for federal enforcement of state domestic relations orders , it needs to better understand those orders and the people against whom enforcement is sought .
Is noncompliance simply bad behavior or are we making unfair demands ?
It is my personal belief that there are far more " thrown - away parents " who are victims of policies that discourage their involvement except as anonymous cash donors than there are " runaway parents . "
This is not the time for more band - aids and tonics .
It is a time for Congress to take to heart the physician 's creed to " do no harm . "
II .
The Pendulum of Public Prejudice
Throughout most of our nation 's history and in much of the world today , the law contained a strong or conclusive presumption that sole custody would be awarded to the father in the event of family dissolution .
The early feminist meeting in Seneca Falls , New York in 1848 , for example , included the fact that fathers automatically received custody as a principal complaint in its Declaration of Sentiments .
Prior to the industrial revolution , most parents worked side - by - side with the children on the family farm or in the family trade .
Children were nurtured and educated through almost continuous contact with both parents and child - rearing books through the 18th and mid-19th century emphasized the father 's centrality in raising the children and preparing them for the adult world .
As the industrial revolution accelerated through the 19th century by pushing more fathers out o f the family enterprise and into the factories , social theorists began to exalt rigid sex role separations with father as external wage earner and mother as home - bound nurturer .
Still , the pendulum swung slowly and the pro-feminist philosopher John Stewart Mill observed that , while the idea was interesting , the public was insufficiently prepared to discuss mother custody .
Continued industrialization , coupled with the then perceived virtue of getting women out of the paid work force in order to create jobs for returning servicemen at the end of World War I , culminated in a full - blown " cult of motherhood " and the establishment of the " tender years doctrine " in most states .
The pendulum of public prejudice , having swung from one extreme to the other , then enforced automatic mother custody with the same rigidity as the earlier enforcement of automatic father custody .
In approximately the last 20 years , the pendulum has begun swinging toward a more centered position [ 2 ] and most states have abrogated the tender years doctrine through statute or court decision as a violation of equal protection .
Virtually all states now give at least lip service to the principle that custody decisions should be made in accordance with the " best interests " of the children rather than by reference to the parents ' gender .
Although the legal regimes vary , it is now recognized in all states that either the mother or the father can " win " the battle for custody of the child .
III .
What We Know About Children 's Needs
While the law was advancing to the point of recognizing that either mother or father could be the better parent , social science research confirmed that the best parent is both parents .
Ten years ago , it was considered impolite to suggest that two - parent families were functionally superior to single - parent families .
Today , the notions that two parent families are unimportant and that government can provide an effective substitute have been repudiated .
In their place is a broad political and scientific consensus that children need two parents .
In 1965 , Patrick Moynihan was condemned for his observation of the consequences of family breakdown : From the wild Irish slums of the 19th century eastern seaboard , to the riot - torn suburbs of Los Angeles , there is one unmistakable lesson in American history :
A community that allows a large number of young men to grow up in broken families , dominated by women , never acquiring any stable relationship to male authority , never acquiring any rational expectations about the future -- that community asks for and gets chaos .
Today , Moynihan 's heresy reflects the consensus .
The view from the left by groups like the Progressive Policy Institute [ 3 ] is that : Traditional liberals ' unwillingness to acknowledge that two - parents families are the most effective units for raising children has led them into a series of policy cul - de- sacs ....
Our point is that at the level of statistical aggregates and society - wide phenomena , significant differences do emerge between one - parent and two - parent families , differences that can and should shape our understanding of social policy .
The view from the right by groups like the American Legislative Exchange Council [ 4 ] is that :
With a unanimity of view that is virtually unparalleled , social science researchers have documented the fact that children of divorce or unwed birth fair poorly in comparison to children from intact families .
Regardless of the social problem which i s under consideration , whether it be drug abuse , juvenile delinquency , teenage pregnancy , low self - esteem , poor academic achievement , or even suicide , research points to family breakdown as a primary cause .
In accordance with the resurrected understanding that two - parent families are important for children , liberals and conservatives have reached common ground on the importance of encouraging family formation and family preservation .
But what about children of divorce ?
IV .
How to Encourage the Two - Parent Family , Especially After Divorce
Courts are most accustomed to adversarial presentations that are resolved by the selection of a winner and a loser .
The system works well in commercial disputes .
The court picks a winner and a loser , the loser is ordered to pay the winner , then we move on to the next case .
The difference in domestic relations cases is that it is immoral and destructive to treat children as prizes to be awarded to a winner and denied to a loser .
Children are born with two parents .
Children want , love , and need two parents .
The fact that mother and father no longer live under the same roof does nothing to diminish the child 's need for both parents .
The only thing that is assured by a winner - take - all domestic relations system is that the child will necessarily lose because the child walked into court with two parents and walks out with only one .
In most marriages , both spouses are good parents who love and wish to be an active part of their children 's lives .
Policies should be based upon the norm of human response rather than upon the pathological extremes .
The winner - take - all approach to custody encourages a bifurcation into good parent and bad parent categories .
The bad parent is then more easily relegated to a marginal role in the child 's life .
All losers , all bad parents , are then more easily painted with the same brush of a " standard visitation schedule " encompassing alternate weekends and scattered holidays .
All losers , ranging from those who were almost winners to those who barely avoided termination of parental rights , are thus lumped together by the presumption of pathology .
Abolition of the presumption of pathology is the first step towards protection of the child 's best interests .
Disneyland Daddies , Marginal Mommies , and their non-custodial children have a common complaint ; " visitation " just does n't feel like a real parent - child relationship .
Parent to child teaching occurs in the quiet moments , the shared tasks , the talks at the end of the day .
School - night sleep overs are every bit as important as Saturday extravaganzas , especially for older children who see weekends as a time of conflict between the attractions of parents and peers .
V. Stereotypes Damage Children
Stereotypes about fathers seeking custody to avoid child support and mothers grasping children as meal tickets do not help to resolve custody disputes .
Both stereotypes ignore the simple human fact that parents love their children and want to be with them .
Stereotypes have become so ingrained that the United States Department of Health and Human Services was actually surprised to learn that young fathers care about their children .
[ 5 ]
Maintaining the stereotype that fathers do not care about their children also requires a very special compartmentalization of the mind .
Fathers ' devotion to and sacrifice on behalf of their children is so naturally expected that it is hardly noticed .
The coal miner who continues to work while dying of black lung disease may look like " The Patriarchy " to some but is just a devoted father as far as I can see .
In the popular movie , " The Little Mermaid , " no one is surprised that King Triton sacrifices everything to save his daughter yet , upon divorce , we would expect him to quietly walk away .
Stereotypes about men create the Catch - 22 that fathers do n't care enough to seek custody and , if they really cared , they would not put the children through the trauma of a court battle .
Stereotypes about women and perceptions of gender bias favoring mother custody in the courts create pressure for mothers to seek sole custody even when they recognize that it is not in the child 's best interests .
Organizations like Mothers Without Custody report that one of the greatest problems encountered by the more than one million non-custodial mothers in the United States is the ostracism they suffer after being pressed to explain why they do not have sole custody .
Stereotypes of men and women damage children by indiscriminately ascribing fixed characteristics to large groups of individual human beings .
Surely there are some fathers who are uncaring deadbeats and some mothers who are uncaring gold diggers . [ 6 ]
Each child , however , has one specific father and one specific mother , not a caricature from a class .
VI .
No Substitutes , Please
Since we know that children of divorce fare poorly in comparison to children from intact marriages , the defenders of the winner - take - all system have developed something of a cottage industry in seeking out factors other than parent loss to explain the deficit .
The most commonly asserted rationale is poverty .
Single - parent custody would be just fine , we are told , if only we would increase the government subsidies and the income transfers from non-custodians .
If increased income is the salvation , we should expect children in step - families to be doing quite nicely since such families have two adults plus an income transfer from the non-custodian , resulting in an economic level at or above that of intact two - parent families .
Instead , children in step - families show every bit as many problems as children in single - parent homes .
See National Commission on Children , " Speaking of Kids : A National Survey , " 1991 ; Zill , Child Trends .
Many children have grown up economically impoverished and thrived as adults .
The emotional and psychological impoverishment that comes from parent loss is far harder to overcome .
As stated by Professor Lawrence Meade of New York University :
The inequalities that stem from the work place are now trivial in comparison to those stemming from family structure .
What matters for success is not whether your father was rich or poor but whether you had a father at all .
Parent loss through family breakup is a disaster for children .
The legal system through which divorcing families must travel can be structured to have positive or negative effects on parent - child bonds .
The task is to identify and encourage structures which preserve and enhance the child 's bond with both parents .
VII .
The Origin of Child Support Policy
Public involvement in child support has grown to such a large scale that it is sometimes forgotten that the entire concept of child support transfer payments is a recent invention .
Historically , a parent 's duty was to support the child in the parent 's own home and to keep the door open for the child to enter .
Transfer payments arose only in the highly uncommon situation of a parent who had rejected his or her own child and thereby created a burden for the state or third parties .
Child support transfer payments were thus rare during the era of father custody and remained rare during the early years of the mother custody era .
As the pendulum of prejudice shifted to sole mother custody during a time in which women generally did not work outside the home , the courts began to recognize the consequences of placing children in the least economically viable fragment of the former family .
The 1920's then saw a large scale transformation in the fundamental structure o f child support .
Under the new formulation , the parent who " lost " custody was both deprived of the companionship of the child and ordered to pay the other parent for services that the " loser " had historically provided with love and without charge in his own home .
This unique separation of the rights of custody and the duties of support became a consequence of the " tender years " doctrine that is matched nowhere else in a legal system that has prided itself upon its attention to the principle that the possessor of rights should also bear the burdens and responsibilities associated with those rights .
It is this bifurcation of rights and responsibilities that is at the root of the problem of civil disobedience in child support enforcement .
Current policy makes the simplistic assumption that all non-custodians are " runaway parents " when , in fact , many non-custodians are " thrown away parents " who are victims of a court order that assumed children needed only " a custodian and a check " .
What has been left out of the equation is our understanding of human nature and , particularly , our understanding that parents support children because of their relationships with those children .
We do not have a problem with large numbers of parents who refuse to provide for their children during an intact marriage yet those same responsible parents become " deadbeats " upon divorce .
It is time to examine the role of Government policy in the post - divorce behavior of the no n-custodial parents .
When we say to non-custodial parents that we care nothing about their relationships with their children , that we will offer no protection against the custodial parent 's interference with that relationship , and that we will devote Government resources only to extracting financial payments from them , we should not be surprised by the result .
Parents support children when they are permitted to be parents ; slaves run away .
VIII .
False Images and the Formulation of Public Policy
The most widely cited statistics on child support compliance are those compiled by the United States Bureau of the Census .
These figures purport to show that approximately 50 % of child support orders are paid in full , approximately 25 % are paid in part , and approximately 25 % are unpaid .
These figures are given as the principal justification for the punitive child support measures undertaken by the federal and state governments during the last decade .
The problem is that the cited figures do not accurately reflect the reality of child support compliance and , as noted by Professor Sanford Braver , [ 7 ] the methodology adopted by the Census Bureau was completely unreliable .
The Census Bureau asked only the custodial mothers whether payment had been received .
It did not compare those responses with non-custodial reports of how much was paid or court records of how much was owed .
Another flaw was the failure to quantify or correct the underreporting of the amount of child support actually received by surveyed welfare recipients who feared a risk of benefit reduction or termination if they disclosed the receipt of more than $ 50 in child support .
In other contexts , the Department of Health and Human Services has admitted that welfare recipients typically understate their income in Federal surveys . [ 8 ]
Finally , the survey lumped together as " partial compliance " all situations where the delinquency was as little as the late payment of a single installment and counted as " noncompliance " even those cases where the obligor was unemployed , disabled , imprisoned or dead !
Whenever the exaggerations of the child support lobby are exposed , the ready response is that critics must surely admit that at least some child support is not paid .
True enough , but this response invariably begs the question of why some child support payments are not paid .
I recently met with senior officials of the Office of Child Support Enforcement of the United States Department of Health and Human Services to request data on why child support payments are not made .
I learned that very little data exists and that none of it is publicized .
The United States spends approximately $ 1 billion on child support enforcement yet the United States Congress has no data on how many of the non-paying obligors are unemployed , disabled , supporting second families , or engaged in civil disobedience because they have been unable to see their children .
The enforcement of child support is already the most onerous form of debt collection practiced in the United States .
Tax returns are intercepted , credit reporting services are notified , billion dollar bureaucracies are fed , and obligors are even jailed .
If compliance is still inadequate despite the efforts of this massive enforcement apparatus , society must begin looking at the question of " why ? " .
At one point , the Federal Government did begin a survey to learn more about the obligors .
Called " the Survey of Absent Parents " ( SOAP ) , the survey was conducted on a pilot basis in two states .
The results from that pilot survey undercut the stereotypes and the institutional desires of the Office of Child Support Enforcement .
Wayne Stanton , who was then the Administrator of the Family Support Administration and head of the child support enforcement effort , killed the study and refused even to publish the pilot results .
Only through the Freedom of Information
Act has it been possible to obtain a copy of the pilot study and the internal agency paper trail documenting the termination of this important research effort .
As stated by Robert B. Helms , then Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation , in a memorandum to Mr. Stanton dated October 1 , 1986 :
In response to your disappointing memorandum August 22nd , I have requested my staff to notify the National Opinion Research Center and the Urban Institute that funding for the Survey Of Absent Parents will terminate December 3 1 , 1986 , the end of the contract period for the pilot study .
While I disagree with your decision , the study cannot be continued without financial support from the program offices which would benefit most from the new information generated by the study .
I would like to point out , however , that as our staffs have discussed new AFDC and child support initiatives that the administration might undertake , all were in agreement that much of the information necessary to develop the necessary impact estimates is currently nowhere available ....
I remain concerned that the commitment to fund the national survey was not undertaken in good faith by the Office of Child Support Enforcement when the memorandum of understanding was signed ....
Obviously the survey has direct and immediate policy relevance , not only for the types of information needs cited above , but also because the survey collects new information about one of the major concerns the Congress was unable to address to the 1984 Child Support Amendments - the " intricately intertwined " issues of custody , visitation rights and child support .
[ Emphasis added . ]
Since the assassination of the Survey of Absent Parents , no serious effort has been undertaken to test the stereotypes , prejudices , and anecdotes that have driven child support policy in the past decade .
Only a few tantalizing glimpses of the truth have emerged .
For example , in January , 1992 , the General Accounting Office issued a report on interstate child support at the request of Senator Bill Bradley and Representative Marge Roukema and Representative Barbara Kennelly .
In part because of the termination of the Survey of Absent Parents , the General Accounting Office reported that the only available database was the survey of custodial mothers undertaken by the Bureau of the Census .
The methodological deficiencies of the Census Bureau data have been discussed above , but one finding of the GAO study truly stands out .
In both intrastate cases and interstate cases , 66 % of the custodial mothers with child support orders reported that the reason for not receiving payment was " father unable to pay . " [ 9 ]
Even without hearing the obligor 's side of the story , then , we know that at least two - thirds of the problem of child support non- compliance is the result of court orders that fail to reflect the obligor 's ability to pay .
This committee should not give any consideration to the enactment of additional enforcement mechanisms until it has first studied and alleviated the unfairness of the orders that will be enforced .
The lack of data about non-custodians and the facile assumption that all non- payment is simply the result of bad behavior has led to the demonization of non-custodial parents .
The stereotype of the " deadbeat " has become so strong that the Department of Health and Human Services was actually surprised to learn that non-custodial parents do care about their children :
Research to date has produced a new and significant insight about the fathers of children born to teenagers .
They typically are motivated to support their families , even when they are not married to their partners , and even though they earn disproportionately little and suffer from high unemployment .
This finding contradicts the widely held notion that young fathers are able but unwilling to support their children .
The Changing Face of Child Support Enforcement : Incentives to Work With Young Parents , Department of Health and Human Services , December 1990 , page xix .
I have no doubt that this HHS report , the research of Professor Sanford Braver cited above , and other research refuting the demonization of non-custodial parents has generally not been brought to the attention of this Committee by the bureaucracy or its special - interest group supporters .
The popular stereotype of the " deadbeat " is the guy in the Mercedes who abandoned his children .
The reality is that most delinquent obligors are economically marginal .
A look at Virginia 's " Most Wanted " list of " big - time evaders " is illustrative :
Frankie L. Adams : Mr. Adams is out of jail and making payments ; however , he is unemployed .
Robert Montcastle Flannery : . . .
The judge ordered a wage withholding for $ 100 a month on Mr. Flannery 's SSA benefits .
The first $ 100 payment was received in August .
Ferman LaMont Payton : Mr. Payton was located in Dublin , Virginia after making application to receive food stamps .
Theodore Rogers , Sr. : Located on the Department of Social Services computerized client information system as a former food stamp recipient .
The Support Report , Virginia Department of Social Services , Division of Child Support Services , October 1991 .
The demonization of non-custodial parents is used to justify all manner of inhumane treatment .
This Committee has already heard from Sylvia Folk , a non-custodial mother who was incarcerated for 72 days for non- payment .
The judge candidly acknowledged from the bench his knowledge that she lacked the money to pay but vowed to and did hold her until the ransom was paid by her church .
This inhumane treatment of American citizens is nothing less than a reversion to medieval kidnapping for ransom .
Professor David Chambers of the University of Michigan Law School has found that , on average , " deadbeats " are incarcerated in Detroit for 90 days before the stereotype wears thin and the judge realizes that they really can't pay .
By then , of course , they have lost their jobs , their cars , their apartments and their relationship with their children .
The demonization of non-custodial parents has permitted us to ignore the Constitutional prohibition against debtors prison by engaging in the fiction that the jailing is for the miscreant 's contempt in failing to obey the Court 's order rather than for failing to pay a debt .
The United States Department of Health and Human Services is the leading force in developing new enforcement techniques .
In a 1991 issue of its monthly " Child Support Report " , for example , HHS recommended the technique of herding up non-custodial parents and carting them off to jail , threatening to leave them there unless they immediately charged their support arrearages onto credit cards .
HHS saw no hint of the immorality of driving citizens into debt or ruining their credit ratings to obtain payments of amounts that were supposed to reflect only a fair assessment of their current ability to pay .
In an unintended bit of gallows humor , however , the HHS report revealed that the new technique had little achieved marginal imp act because most of the unfortunates had already been bled dry :
A survey later revealed that the majority of obligors most of them with non-AFDC families - had neither charge cards or checking accounts .
-- Child Support Report , United States Department of Health and Human Services , 1991 , at page 6 .
Recommendations for Action
1. HHS should be required to assure that non-custodians and their advocates are adequately represented in the policy process .
The importance of non-custodians as human beings and as parents is sometimes lost in the closed world of the child support enforcement bureaucracy .
Each issue of the HHS Child Support Report lists a dozen or more child support enforcement conferences at which the presence of even a single non-custodial parent would be accidental .
This insularity dehumanize s obligors as a class to be acted upon rather than as parents with whom we should communicate and cooperate .
Every conference , meeting , or policy making session which is supported by direct or indirect federal funding should be required to include n on-custodial parents and their advocates in equal proportion to the representation of custodial parents and enforcement officials .
2. Implement programs recognizing that child support enforcement is more than the mere invention of new coercions .
Downward adjustment of an unfair order is enforcement ; job training is enforcement ; mediation of access disputes is enforcement ; encouraging family formation is enforcement ; marriage counseling is enforcement ; reducing the need for income transfer and the sense of estrangement after divorce through the use of shared parenting after divorce is enforcement .
3 . Enforce the principle that the bureaucracy must represent all of the citizens .
Federal law requires state enforcement agencies to process downward support modifications as well as upward modifications .
A number of states refuse to obey this requirement because Federal regulations only provide reimbursement incentives for " more is better " collection efforts and no state offers equal access to services for custodial and non-custodial parents .
4. Require the Department of Health and Human Services to complete the 1984 Congressional mandate to study and report on the " intricately intertwined " issues of custody , visitation and child support .
5 . Give non-custodial parents the same access to federal services as custodial parents .
For example , the Federal Parent Locator Service is currently unavailable to non- custodial parents even when the child 's whereabouts have been concealed by the custodian and enforcement of child support continues through government agencies .
6. Authorize research into the gender bias in court determinations of custody and support orders .
7. Authorize research into the marginal costs of rearing children for purposes of providing assistance in the development of child support guidelines .
8. Authorize research to further measure the effect of joint custody and shared parenting upon child support compliance .
9 . Authorize and fund permanent programs like those recently demonstrated under federal grants to encourage non- litigated resolution of access and support disputes through mediation , counseling and other conciliation services .
10 . Mandate accountability for the expenditure of child support funds received by the custodian as is currently done for Social Security benefits received on behalf of a child .
IX . Conclusion
For the past decade , child support policy at the federal and state level has been driven by the simplistic doctrine that " more is better . "
More dollars per month , more coercive enforcement , more is better .
My position is that " fair is better . "
When law - abiding citizens , who gladly supported their children during the marriage , become outlaws after going through the divorce process , it is appropriate to question whether the system rather than the people should bear the blame .
How many obligors are simply unable to meet the burden that has been imposed upon them by a chivalrous , high - income judge ?
How many of the " deadbeats " are unemployed , underemployed , disabled , imprisoned , or supporting two families to the best of their ability ?
How many are engaged in civil disobedience because they have been denied the opportunity to be real parents or even to have access to their children ?
Why has the Department of Health and Human Services , with all its billions of dollars , failed to carry out the 1984 Congressional mandate to study the " intricately intertwined " issues of custody , visitation and child support ?
Why did Wayne Stanton kill the Survey of Absent Parents ?
Why did the Department of Health and Human Services selectively report from the Census Bureau data and omit the fact that mothers themselves explain two - thirds of the noncompliance as " inability to pay " ?
Why has the Department of Health and Human Services absorbed the negative stereotypes so fully that it was surprised to learn that non-custodial parents do care about their children ?
Over the years , Congress has developed an ability to discern the self - interest , self - aggrandizement , and instinct for self - perpetuation that afflicts the military - industrial complex and other bureaucracy / special - interest group alignments .
The time has come to apply the same wisdom to the child support industry .
There is no basis for further enforcement initiatives by the Congress until the distortions of past stereotypes and the concealment of data have been corrected .
X. References and Footnotes
1. Child Support and Alimony : 1989 ; Current Population Reports , Series P - 60 , No. 173 . Bureau of the Census , September 1991 .
Interstate Child Support : Mothers Report Receiving Less Support from Out - Of - State Fathers , January 1992 GAO , GAO / HRD /92-39FS , at page 19 .
2 . For example , the American Psychological Association adopted the following resolution at its 1977 meeting .
Be it resolved that the Council of Representatives recognizes officially and makes suitable promulgation of the fact that it is scientifically and psychologically baseless , as well as a violation of human rights , to discriminate against men because of their sex in assignment of children 's custody , in adoption , in the staffing of child - care services , and personnel practices providing for parental leave in relation to childbirth and emergencies involving children and in similar laws and procedures .
3. Putting Children First ; A Progressive Family Policy for the 1990s , Progressive Policy Institute , September 27 , 1990 .
4. Children , Family , Neighborhood , Community ; An Empowerment Agenda , American Legislative Exchange Council , 1991 .
5 . The Changing Face of Child Support Enforcement ; Incentives to Work with Young Parents , United States Department of Health & Human Services , Office of Child Support Enforcement , December 1990 , page xix .
The bureaucracy is not alone in its surprise .
When I first started researching this book , I was prepared to rediscover the old saw that conventional femininity is nurturing and passive and that masculinity is self - serving , egotistical , and uncaring .
But I did not find this .
One of my findings here is that manhood ideologies always include a criterion of selfless generosity , even to the point of sacrifice .
Again and again we find that " real " men are those who give more than they take ; they serve others .
Real men are generous , even to a fault ....
Manhood is therefore a nurturing concept , if we define that term as giving , subventing , or other - directed .
Manhood in the Making : Cultural Concepts of Masculinity , David D. Gilmore , Yale University Press , 1990 , page 229 .
In August 1990 , a Los Angeles Times survey reported that 39 percent of fathers would quit their jobs to stay home with their children if that option were available to them .
6 . Lest I be accused of my own sexual stereotyping , note that the roles are sometimes reversed .
When mothers are ordered to pay child support , their compliance rate is lower than that of fathers .
See , e.g. 1991 Statistics of Child Support Compliance , Office of Child Support Recovery , State of Georgia ; Daniel R. Meyer and Steven Garasky , Custodial Fathers : Myths , Realities and Child Support Policy , Technical Analysis Paper No. 42 , Office of Human Services Policy , Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , July 1991 .
7. See Non-Custodial Parent 's Report on Child Support Payments , Sanford L. Braver , Pamela J. Fitzpatrick , and R. Curtis Bay , 40 Family Relations , 180 - 185 , April 1991 .
8. Statement of JoAnne Barnhart , Assistant Secretary for Family Support , Before the Subcommittee on Social Security , and Family Policy , Committee on Finance , United States Senate , March 4 , 1991 .
9. Interstate Child Support : Mothers Report Receiving Less Support From Out - Of - State Fathers , January 1992 General Accounting Office , GAO / HRD /92-39FS , at page 19 .
-----
Brought to you by - The ' Lectric Law Library
The Net 's Finest Legal Resource For Legal Pros & Laypeople Alike .
https://www.lectlaw.com
Google +
It 's not the best of starts .
I 've only been in the saddle of this new bicycle – the centrepiece of London 's cycle hire system , set to launch on 30 July – for two minutes and I 'm already being flagged down by a policeman .
What have I done wrong , I wonder nervously .
Did I cut across someone when changing lanes on the approach to Westminster Bridge ?
Should I be wearing a helmet ?
It 's been three decades since I passed my cycling proficiency test , and there 's been very little serious cycling in between .
The policeman points to the spot on the curb when he wants me to park up .
" What have I done , officer ? "
" Oh , nothing , " he says .
" I just wanted to ask what the bike was like to ride .
Do you think it will be popular ? "
Squeezing the brakes and ringing the bell , he 's like a wide - eyed boy in a bike shop .
I offer him a go .
" I can 't , " he says .
" I 'm on duty . "
It strikes me , during this rather surreal exchange , that at least the bike is n't suited to being a getaway vehicle .
It weighs more than 20kg , and has three gears : Sloth , Tortoise and Ageing Elephant .
It 's designed for leisurely ambling rather than APD ( aggressive pursuit of destination ) , which is clearly the default setting of every other cyclist on the road today .
The looks of disdain and irritation are palpable as they continually whizz past me .
After Paris , this will be the world 's second - largest urban cycle hire system .
The scheme , vigorously promoted by London 's mayor Boris Johnson , will eventually see 6,000 bikes parked at 400 " docking stations " spread every 300 metres or so across central London ( although the latest in a string of delays means only pre-registered " members " will be able to take out the bikes from a week on Friday , with the wider public only getting their hands on the bikes at the end of next month ) .
After paying a daily access fee of £ 1 , and providing details of a credit card for the deposit , the first 30 minutes of bike use will be free , although the price escalates rapidly as the clock ticks on ( £ 1 for an hour , £ 6 for two hours , £ 35 for six hours ) .
My first impressions of the bike , riding it from Victoria to Borough and back along the South Bank , are good .
Yes , it is heavy – you 're never going to overtake Lance Armstrong on this thing – but it needs to be built to last , and be thief - and vandal - proof , a problem that has blighted other systems around the world ( particularly Paris ) .
It is purposely not designed for long rides : the pricing structure encourages sub - 30 - minute journeys and , given the limited geographical spread of the distinctive blue docking stations , it is not yet a bike aimed at commuters .
Rather , it is there to replace a short taxi ride , or a two - or three - stop tube journey .
The bike has an adjustable padded seat , smooth handling , a guard to protect your clothing from the oily chain , a bell and dynamo lights .
But there are problems .
The lack of mirrors is a minor grumble , but understandable given how easily they might snap off ( tip : carry your own clip - on mirrors ) .
A far bigger inconvenience is the lack of a basket or a security chain , both of which come as standard on the Vélib ' in Paris .
Instead , the London bike has what can only be described as a magazine rack .
You could carry a Sunday newspaper in it , but not much else .
And rather than chain it to a lamppost when you pop into the shop to buy said paper , you will have to find a docking station or risk losing the £ 300 deposit should it be stolen .
My other criticism is that you 've got " Barclays " plastered all over the bike .
Sure , London would n't have this new bike without the rumoured £ 25 m that Barclays has paid to sponsor the system for the next five years , but the prominence of the branding earns me a heckle or two as I pass the peace protestors camped out at Westminster Square .
And then there is the name .
Parisians have fallen in love with the Vélib ' – a portmanteau of velo ( bicycle ) and liberté ( freedom ) .
Londoners are , one feels , less likely to fall for the Barclays Cycle Hire , as the bike is officially known .
Freecycle is already taken , but this bike urgently needs an affectionate moniker ( The London Wheel ?
The Big Ben ? The Bumbling Boris ? ) if Londoners are to develop the same levels of affection .
Another key to the scheme 's success , says Tom Bogdanovich , campaigns manager at the London Cycling Campaign , will be avoiding the " Montmartre effect " , whereby users arrive at popular destinations only to find empty docking stations .
( In Paris , the steep hill at Montmartre means users invariably only hire the Vélib ' to ride down the slope rather than up , leading to a noted shortage of bikes at the top of the hill . )
" London has the great benefit from learning from the experiences in Paris and Barcelona , " Bogdanovich says .
" Getting the distribution right is key : it 's crucial that people have easy , immediate access .
As the system moves on , they must respond to patterns of use and identify where the highest demand is .
It would make sense , for example , to think about expanding it to Canary Wharf and the Olympic zone . "
Bogdanovich says an estimated 250,000 people cycle in London every day , and that one in three people are " interested " in cycling .
" But that 's still way behind cities such as Amsterdam and Copenhagen .
The system should take advantage of the fact that London is a cluster of villages .
Hackney , for example , has very high cycling rates – 10 % of all journeys .
Also , the average bike journey in London now is 3.5 km , yet this system is largely aimed at replacing short tube journeys in central London .
Over time , the system will need to serve both demands . "
Leo Hickman enjoys the Vélib ' hire bike in Paris .
Photograph : Graeme Robertson for the Guardian
Four hours after handing my trial bike back to a Transport for London official , and one Eurostar trip later , I am standing outside a Paris apartment adjacent to the exquisite Jardin du Luxembourg on the Left Bank .
The apartment belongs to Eric Britton , an American who has lived in the French capital since the late 1960s and who now acts as an international consultant and commentator on sustainable urban transport systems .
He 's a huge fan of the Vélib ' , which launched to much fanfare and enthusiasm three years ago this month .
He immediately probes me for first impressions of the London bike .
" Yes , it is a big error not to include a lock - up and a basket , " he agrees , as we walk to his nearest docking station .
" Around 90 % of Parisians use the basket on their Vélib ' .
Ladies ' purses , backpacks , shopping bags – they all go in there .
I also think the London scheme is too small .
Paris , which is a smaller city , launched with almost twice the number of bikes and stations . "
Still , Britton is broadly optimistic that London 's bikeshare scheme will be a success : " The real genius of the systems in both London and Paris is that the first 30 minutes are free .
It needs to be 100 % ready on day one , though .
All the problems need to be ironed out , otherwise people will conclude it 's not worth the effort .
" Over time , you will see the bikes starting to occupy the terrain .
Slowly , they will increase and gain more of the roadspace .
Then the demand for more bike lanes will increase .
We 've seen this in Paris .
Such a modal shift takes a little time , but it is happening here . "
Britton shows me how easy it is to undock a Vélib ' .
As an annual subscriber , he has a swipe card which gives him instant access .
I have to use my bank card to gain access via the electronic terminal , though , which delays things for a couple of minutes .
Britton shows me how to quickly scan for the best available bikes : brakes , tyre pressure , seat , gears , a spin of the back wheel – a habit he says is now instinctive for most Vélib ' users .
It has also become etiquette , should you have a faulty bike , to lower the seat and turn it to face backwards to indicate to other users not to use it .
( Each docking point also has a " spanner " push button to mark the bike down as needing a repair . )
The Vélib ' is virtually the same bike as the London one , except for the sizeable basket and chain lock .
But whereas I had a gleaming new model to try out in London , most of the Vélib's I see in Paris are displaying signs of heavy use .
I pick a bike with a handle grip missing .
Graeme the photographer discovers , in the middle of a fast - flowing intersection as we head towards the Eiffel tower , that his chain has a tendency to slip at the most inopportune moments .
Nevertheless , it is immediately apparent what differentiates Paris and London in terms of cycling experience .
Paris 's wide boulevards and avenues , with their separate side lanes now converted into cycle lanes , mean cyclists can regularly escape the near - constant close contact with heavy traffic that London 's cyclists must tolerate .
Despite the launch of London 's first cycle " superhighways " for commuters yesterday , it is hard to see how other city 's urban topography can ever be drastically altered to counter this .
But Britton 's most surprising observation is that the Vélib ' has n't done much to reduce road traffic in Paris .
Rather than get people out of cars – it is reckoned to have substituted only about 10 % of car trips in central Paris – it has done a far better job of getting people off public transport .
As many as half of all Vélib ' trips are estimated to have replaced Metro or bus journeys .
Before I depart Paris , I meet up with Albert Asséraf , a strategist at JCDecaux – the advertising corporation that runs the Vélib ' in return for a 10 - year exclusive contract to use the city 's 1,500 - odd digital display hoardings .
I ask what lessons London can learn from the Paris system , particularly after JCDecaux director general Rémi Pheulpin 's comments last year that the Paris scheme was not commercially viable because of the extent of the theft and vandalism .
" Since we launched in 2007 , we have expanded to 1,750 stations across the city and neighbouring suburbs and now have a maximum of 24,000 bikes in operation at any one time , " he says .
" To date , we 've had 9,000 bikes stolen and 9,000 bikes vandalised .
Most thefts are caused by day users because they are not used to how the docking systems works and they leave the bike accidentally unsecured .
We have worked hard to communicate the message that these bikes are ' ours ' – they belong to all of Paris , and it is a system we should be proud of .
London should do the same . "
Asséraf says the average journey on a Vélib ' lasts 21 minutes and covers 2 km , but that to counter the aforementioned Montmartre effect , users are now rewarded for returning their bikes to unpopular docking stations on hills ( bikes are also redistributed around the city in trucks ) .
" We now give users 15 minutes ' free credit if they return a bike to a so - called ' altitude ' station .
It 's little lessons like this that London will need to learn .
And London should make sure the stations are well stocked , even during the night .
About 15 % of all Vélib ' journeys occur after the Metro shuts down and people want to get home without paying for expensive taxis .
The Vélib ' has become part of our lives – Parisians just can't imagine Paris without the Vélib ' now . "
LAPD officers surrounded a downtown L.A. hotel and took into custody an elusive suspect that police have likened to Jason Bourne , the fictional secret agent known for his daring getaways and high - tech gadgetry in a series of films played by Matt Damon .
Police have been looking for Brian Alexik for nearly two months , ever since they allegedly found weapons and counterfeit cash inside his loft , which is located right outside the Federal Reserve building in downtown L.A .
LAPD sources told The Times that police surrounded a hotel off Hewitt Street near Little Tokyo and eventually detained Alexik as well as a girlfriend .
He is now being questioned .
Streets in the area had been blocked off by police .
LAPD Capt .
Steve Sambar said police officers earlier Thursday noticed a woman who matched the description of Alexik 's girlfriend near the hotel .
The bizarre case began in April when a resident at an upscale downtown L.A. high - rise smelled fumes coming from a neighboring apartment .
So I was watching a CNN panel today and the subject up for debate was something along the lines of , " Is Obama shedding constituents ?
Critics say he 's abandoned Wall Street . "
My first reaction was , " Wait , critics are saying this ?
Are you sure that was n't what his allies said ? "
But no --
I actually had to listen to a debate over whether Obama was making a huge political mistake by " abandoning " his bestest pals in the world at the megabanks . *
You know , the guys whose greed and irresponsibility caused the worst financial collapse since the Great Depression .
( * Obama has n't actually " abandoned " the banks in the least , but that 's a story for another post . )
And then I thought , " Why the hell are we the only culture in the whole goldurned world where it 's seen as a political risk to abandon the people who are responsible for causing widespread economic hardship ? "
And all this got me thinking about the super - weird " We - Must - Be - Nice - to - Rich - People " doctrine that has run through our national discourse since the 1980s .
You see , there was a time when American politicians could say things such as " It is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their selfish purposes " ( Andrew Jackson ) and " Too much can not be said against the men of wealth who sacrifice everything to getting wealth " ( Teddy Roosevelt ) and " We had to struggle with the old enemies of peace — business and financial monopoly , speculation , reckless banking , class antagonism , sectionalism , war profiteering ...
They are unanimous in their hate for me — and I welcome their hatred " ( FDR ) and no one thought anything of it .
Indeed , as Simon Johnson and James Kwak show in their excellent book 13 Bankers , hating on financial oligarchs is as American as hating on soccer , dating all the way back to Thomas Jefferson .
But starting in the 1980s , Ronald Reagan began popularizing Randroid mythology about how rich people were necessarily our betters because they were the only ones capable of " creating wealth " in the economy .
( For some reason , Big Ron forgot to mention they were also capable of creating multi-trillion - dollar housing bubbles , overpriced Pets.com stock certificates and made - to - fail synthetic interest rate swaps that bankrupt entire counties . )
And ever since then , every Democratic president and politician has had to reassure members of our elite media that he 's just as capable of kissing rich - guy keisters as the Republicans .
If you want a prime example of this dynamic at work , check out this Washington Post piece ( via Harper 's ) that places giant red warning lights over Paul Krugman 's views but that quotes some sleazeball Wall Streeter as though he were a perfectly objective analyst .
First , his take on Krugman :
When you read Krugman on economics , you need to read him through a filter .
He believes that the $ 787 billion government stimulus approved last year was not enough to really kick - start the economy and that much more is needed .
You can correctly read many of his columns -- including this one -- as arguments for more taxpayer - funded stimulus .
So just know that .
And now , the equity strategist :
I started with Peter Boockvar , equity strategist at Miller Tabak .
My e-mail was short : " Double - dip or slowdown ? "
His response was equally abrupt : " Depends on who wins Nov. elections and what taxes get hiked in 2011 . "
The tax cuts enacted by President George W. Bush expire at the end of this year .
President Obama has proposed extending those cuts -- except for families that make more than $ 250,000 a year .
If Republicans win Congress in November , it 's a good bet that the wealthiest Americans will keep their tax cuts .
If the Democrats hold the Hill , it 's unlikely .
" Our fragile economy CANNOT handle any tax hikes whatsoever , particularly on capital and the income of those who invest , save and spend the most , " Boockvar wrote , meaning those American families that make more than $ 250,000 a year .
The all - caps are his , but the feeling is shared by many .
Now , I'm of the general mindset that it 's daft to raise taxes or cut spending in the middle of a severe economic downturn .
But at the same time , note Boockvar 's emphasis on whose taxes we should really be opposed to raising : " Those who invest , save and spend the most . "
In other words , people like Peter Boockvar .
I personally find it highly unlikely that if Mr. Boockvar 's taxes were to rise back to the level of the 1990s that he 'd suddenly lose all will to work and would instead spend his remaining days sipping Purple Drank outside his local 7 - 11 .
People like this are generally addicted to making money and they 'd sell penny stocks and junk bonds to special needs children if they thought they could get away with it .
What Mr. Boockvar would have written if he were being honest was , " I 've already put off buying cocaine and pricey call girls enough during this recession and I CANNOT handle any tax hikes whatsoever . "
And that 's where we are .
Despite the fact that our banking oligarchs destroyed the entire financial system and were only saved from homelessness by the United States government , they still must be treated as " special " people who are " the only ones " capable of creating new jobs for the lesser people .
It 'd be nice if this particularly insidious piece of mythology were to be sent to the ashcan of history , but methinks it 's going to take some time ...
The Conversation : Zach Anner , Oprah 's Unlikely Star ABC 's Sharyn Alfonsi talks with the Web star who could win his own show .
June 16 , 2010  -- Oprah Winfrey 's search for a new show for her network has already unearthed a new and unlikely star -- a wheelchair - bound comedian who wants to host a travel show .
25 - year - old Zach Anner of Austin , Texas has cerebral palsy , but he has n't let that stop him from pursuing his dreams , and he very well may win an online competition that would give him his own how on OWN , Oprah 's new cable network .
In his audition video , Anner describes his idea for a travel show to inspire those who those who think it 's too hard to globe - trot .
He also shows clips of some ideas that might not work as well -- a cooking show , exercise program or fashion show .
" I 've got a lot to say , but I did n't know exactly where I would fit because I have something called cerebral palsy , which I believe is the sexiest of the palsies , but it does sort of limit where my strengths are , " he says in the video .
Anner 's funny and disarming video has gone viral , and he's far ahead of his competition in votes , with over 2,600,000 people giving him their support already .
Some of that support has come from a surprising souce -- musician John Mayer , who promoted Anner 's video on his blog and even offered to write a theme song for his show if he wins .
Today on the Conversation , ABC's Sharyn Alfonsi talks with Zach Anner about his video , his idea for a show , and the way the audition has already changed his life .
" I did n't even know that things like this were possible , " he said about the moment he realized he had over a million votes .
" Now I know how the people who win the lottery feel .
Or , like , how Obama felt when he won the presidency .
Like , just kind of like , wow !
Now I 'm the president !
Wow , now I have a million votes !
I do n't know if Barack Obama has those emotional highs , but you know , whatever . "
We hope you 'll watch this very funny Conversation with the remarkable Zach Anner .
Click here to return to the ' World News ' page .
As Alcoholics Anonymous prepares to celebrate its 75th anniversary , we asked one of its members to write about the group and how he came to join .
Following in the tradition of the organization , he is using his first name only .
My name is Chas .
I ’m an alcoholic .
I stumbled into my first AA meeting in fall 1997 .
I had been a hard drinker for 20 years and a serious drunk for the last 10 .
I had lost my job , was about to lose my family and was having serious health problems .
My doctors said I had to stop drinking .
That was impossible .
Life without alcohol was unimaginable .
I had been an anxious , jumpy kid and a shy , morose teenager , and for decades I ’d suffered from depression and panic attacks .
Drinking was n’t a problem but a solution : Booze made me feel normal .
Over time , I required a lot of it — beer before breakfast , to steady my nerves , then one to two fifths of vodka through the day and deep into the night .
I no longer enjoyed it .
I needed it .
But I knew it was killing me .
For years I had tried to stop drinking , or at least slow down .
I tried exercise and acupuncture , self - help books and special diets .
I was prescribed psycho-pharmaceuticals and spent hours with psychiatrists .
I tried everything but AA , and I was n’t about to try that .
My father had gotten sober with AA ’s help .
So had all three of my younger brothers and my one living uncle .
I was happy for them , but I knew it would n’t work for me .
I was n’t a joiner .
I detested the idea of group therapy .
I was allergic to organized religion and any concept of God .
I thought AA was a sort of spiritual Ponzi scheme — half Scientology , half Tupperware party .
But alcohol brought me to my knees — nearly literally .
By the time I turned 42 , I was in constant pain and could n’t walk without a cane .
The doctors said I needed two hip replacements , but they would n’t operate unless I quit drinking for two months .
I had n’t gone that long without liquor since junior high school , and I ’d proved I could n’t stay sober on my own .
So I did the unthinkable : I called a friend who was sober and said , “ I need to go to one of those meetings . ”
We went to a church in the Valley .
I sat and listened for an hour .
I heard nothing that moved me or gave me hope .
The bumper - sticker wisdom of the program was idiotic .
The ardent cheerfulness of the group was repellent .
The emphasis on God , or a Higher Power , was offensive .
I hung my head and told my friend I was wasting his time .
I was n’t going to read the book “ Alcoholics Anonymous , ” get a sponsor , work any steps or pray to a God I did n’t believe in .
My friend said , “ That ’s OK .
Can you go home and try not to drink tonight ? ” I said I could try .
“ Can I take you to a meeting tomorrow ? ” I said he could .
“ That ’s all you have to do , ” he said .
“ Welcome to Alcoholics Anonymous . ”
Seventy - five years ago , two drunks — Bill , a failed New York stockbroker , and Bob , a disgraced Ohio proctologist — had a similar conversation .
Bill had discovered that talking to other alcoholics about his alcohol problem diminished his need to drink .
He helped Bob stop drinking , and together they began working with others .
A few weeks later their first successful convert , a Kentucky man known as Bill D. , took his last drink .
Their friendship turned into the fellowship that turned into AA , probably the most significant social movement of the 20th century .
I did n’t take a drink that first night .
My friend took me to a meeting the next day , and the next .
Slowly , reluctantly , I admitted I was powerless over alcohol and that my life was unmanageable .
I came to believe that some power greater than myself — the meetings , the program , God , whatever — might be able to help me with my problem , if I was willing .
I became willing .
The doctors replaced my hips .
My wife and children did n’t leave .
My health returned .
I published my first book , then another .
I got back on the tennis court , started motorcycling again and took up snowboarding .
I got an AA sponsor and worked the 12 steps .
I determined to live my life on a spiritual basis , made a written inventory of my errors and misdeeds , made restitution where possible , then tried to show other suffering alcoholics how they might recover too .
In time I began to feel a sense of peace , ease and happiness that I had never known .
I have n’t had a drink in almost 13 years .
I do n’t know why that happened .
Most alcoholics never make it to AA , and many who make it do n’t stay sober .
But I know how it happened .
That ’s what I share with the newcomers I meet at the meetings I still attend : what I was like , what I did about it , and what I ’m like now .
That ’s what I hear from others too , men and women , gay and straight , older than I and younger , with more sober time and less , talking frankly about their struggles and their solutions .
Some were gutter drunks who ’d lost it all ; others were Hollywood honchos who ’d lost nothing except their souls .
Almost all of them came through the door as I did , broken and brought to their knees .
Almost all of those who stayed , and succeeded , surrendered to the program and worked the steps .
This Fourth of July weekend more than 40,000 of them , from 90 countries , will gather in San Antonio to celebrate their independence from alcohol and to mark AA ’s anniversary .
They are part of a worldwide fellowship of , according to AA ’s figures , more than 2 million sober alcoholics — about 1.2 million in the U.S. — who meet regularly .
( Los Angeles , its climate friendly to 12 - step programs of all kinds , has more than 5,000 weekly AA meetings , attended by an estimated 100,000 alcoholics . )
At the birthday celebration , members will talk about their drinking , and the miracle of their not drinking .
In the end , that ’s their weapon against alcoholism , and the simple , elegant secret of AA that Bill and Bob discovered in 1935 : One alcoholic talking to another can keep two drunks sober .
More information about Alcoholics Anonymous can be found at https://www.aa.org.
The Brightkite Universe
Inspirational Passage of the Day
This study is based on the measurement and reporting systems .
In connection to the healthcare information quality , studies have been conducted in the previous period with an aim of identifying the integration of various strategies with the instruction based on the computer for the improvement of the medical students learning .
Based on these studies , the generation effect is combined by the multi- dimensional model of learning with the model on the spreading activation and the illustration use with an aim of shifting information to the long term memory , from the short term memory .
From this research , three main principles can be specified through which the understanding can be improved together with the information retrieval to the students : through the generation effect , there can be the generation of an item by the learner ; an item that has a high likelihood of recalling information than through mere reading .
Through the model of spreading information , there is a higher likelihood of retrieving the information when it is remembered in the data context through which there is an interconnection and relationship .
Based on the picture use , better learning can be facilitated through graphics and text use in comparison to the description verbally .
The above argument can be supported by a study conducted by Abdelhamid ( 1997 ) in the Auckland University ; School of Medicine and Health Science on the multidimensional learning model effectiveness .
From the results , the academic performance increase was significant to the students that the model was used .
In addition , there was no record of a measurable improvement whereby the subjects was not covered .
Hung ( 2001 ) denotes that this is an indication of shift from the cognitive knowledge and experience view as conceptual and separate .
When the learning objects focusing on a clear goal of learning is seen to be useful in tackling the complexity management problems , there is however insufficiency in this move .
The handling of the problems that are domain intrinsic also emphasizes on the need for good pedagogical design application .
There is a possibility of introduction of pedagogical features that are sophisticated in the leaning object structure that is cohesive and focused .
Based on this understanding , the focus aims at visualization use through which the student can be helped to build an understanding on the relationship between the program codes on the surface and computer memory effects .
In his argument against the learning objects , Wiley ( 2003 ) maintains a critical perception to this predominant approach by terming it as a pedagogy that is didactic .
This criticism targets on the assumption through which the learning objects major approaches are built into .
While there is harmony with the learning research of the 1980s , Wiley ( 2003 ) holds that there is a contradiction of the current learning assumptions with the recent learning research .
There is however a danger of what is termed by Wiley ( 2003 ) as the ” storage of the education ” based on which the leaning objects are perceived to be the holders of the content that is decontextualized through which a didactic and passive transmission leaning content model is supported .
The usefulness of this approach may be in the case whereby there is a target of low - training level although it is perceived to be unsuitable in the case of the requirement involving higher order and deeper learning .
Brightkite
Places | People | Posts
Enter a street address , city name , or business ...
Enter a person 's name or username ...
Enter a term to search for ...
Search
Help | Log in
Feedback
You are not currently checked in .
Check in now
Sign up for an account !
Ajax - loading
Show posts by :
RSS feed KML feed Stream settings
Photo - feed
NEENZ : @neilabercrombie birthday celebration # AFG2010
@ Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Resort & Spa ( 2005 Kalia Rd , Honolulu , HI 96815 , USA ) - less than a minute ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
marandalynn checked in @ 6th St E ( 6th St E , Tuscaloosa , AL 35404 ) - less than a minute ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
MaxOne : Wishes @rocdomz , @hortonheat & @jeremiahbonds wud take life serious 4 1ce in their lives instead of sleeping it ( their lives ) away - Life out
@ Lemon Grove - less than a minute ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
kow : 3GS 新 規一括キャンペーン非適用￥80640で購入すると、月々割り適用されて毎月の支払いはミニマム￥404。 この3GSに今3Gで使ってるSIM挿して使えばいいんじゃね？
@ Yokohama - 1 minute ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
cgelabert checked in @ Mission Oaks Apartments ( San Antonio , TX , United States ) - 1 minute ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
asianpokertour : APT Macau 2009 hit iPoker Network .
http://bit.ly/tMPxB
@ Makati , , Philippines - 1 minute ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
novalogic71 checked in @ Agua Dulce - 1 minute ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Private )
spyros checked in @ Kopanás - 1 minute ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Private )
DailyMeBusiness : Report : Worst may be over for US tech market http://bit.ly/X2It3 #money # DailyMe
@ Florida - 2 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
DailyMeBusiness : FDA panel to vote on painkiller restrictions
http://bit.ly/GvGt0 #money # DailyMe
@ Florida - 2 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
sammyt checked in @ San Diego - 2 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Private )
DailyMeBusiness : General Motors close to Opel deal with RHJ : report http://bit.ly/LL8b8 #money # DailyMe
@ Florida - 2 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
Photo - feed
da6inte : ランチ
@ near Kikuchi , , Japan - 2 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
mustangshawn checked in @ Ruysser Rd & Askew Ave , Kansas City , MO 64137 , United States - 2 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
rsuenaga checked in @ Oopuhue Pl & Holowai Pl , Kaneohe , HI 96744 , United States - 2 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
cigarking checked in @ Terry Ave & Union St , Seattle , WA 98101 , United States - 3 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
Photo - feed
kuratch : さすがにココにはキャベツないよな…。
@ もり一神保町店 ( 日本 , 東京都千代田区神田神保 町２丁 目２４−６ ) - 3 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
zenithar :
Je me demande si l'iphone fait vraiment telephone au final .
@ Toulouse - 3 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
stevefrancia : Apparently the lightening travelled down the coaxil , through the modem into the router and fried it and everything plugged into it .
I've
@ Armonk - 4 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Private )
da6inte checked in @ Kikuchi , , Japan - 4 minutes ago
Comments ( 0 ) ( Public )
The Brightkite Wall
Watch the universe as an interactive stream display .
Create Wall now
Thanks for the contest submissions so far !
Keep ’em coming , you fine people .
A new wallpaper will be up soon if a lot of entries come in , in addition to the prizes .
Delicious !
Here ’s a little insight to the mind when writing these .
I did n’t know whether to use “ curse , ” “ cuss , ” or “ swear ” in the last panel .
I asked my Twitter followers what they typically call it and it was split even across the board , so I chose “ swear . ”
I personally say “ cuss , ” but that seems to be more regional .
These are the things cartoonists toil over .
Sorry to cut this short but I had some computer issues so now it ’s bedtime as I press “ update . ”
Police ' closing the net ' on Raoul MoatTwo - mile exclusion zone around village of Rothbury ' Hostage situation ' ends in two arrests
11.18 am :
Northumbria police have postponed a press conference on the state of the hunt for Raoul Moat until 11.30 am .
Earlier this morning officers raided a flat in flat in Wrekenton , Gateshead , while police also investigated reports of an armed robbery on a fish and chip shop in the area last night .
Northumbria police said a 6ft tall white man aged about 35 with a muscular build and short sandy - coloured hair pulled out a gun last night in the shop near Blyth – around 10 miles north of Newcastle – before escaping with some cash , as details emerged of a 49 - page letter Moat reportedly wrote to police .
Last night police revealed details of a black Lexus IS200 SE saloon car , registration V322 HKX , believed to be associated with Moat .
It is described as having a full body kit and two regular alloy wheels and two " space saver " thin wheels .
It does not belong to him but to an associate .
This graphic shows the key locations in the hunt for Moat so far .
Follow the latest police updates from the press conference here .
11.25 am :
Just before the press conference is due to begin , some breaking news : police have set up a two mile exclusion zone in the Rothbury area of Northumberland .
Residents have advised people to stay indoors by Northumbria police .
View Tyneside shootings in a larger map
.
11.33am :
My colleague Rob Booth has more on the Rothbury exclusion zone .
Police have thrown a two mile exclusion zone around the village of Rothbury in Northumbria , in connection with the four day hunt for Raoul Moat .
They have also found the black Lexus they have been hunting on the outskirts of the village .
" As a precautionary measure we are closing down a geographic area near Rothbury , " said a spokesman for Northumbria Police .
" This is a two - mile exclusion zone on the ground .
In addition there is a five mile , 5,000 feet air exclusion zone . "
The police advised members of the public to stay indoors and advised people not to travel to the area .
11.28 am :
Matthew Weaver has prepared this clickable Google map showing some of the key areas in Northumbria police 's hunt for Raoul Moat , including the two - mile exclusion which officers have just set up in Rothbury .
11.38 am :
Here 's Northumbria police 's statement on the exclusion zone .
The force has also enforced a " five - mile , 5,000 feet air exclusion zone " , in the area , which would appear to be to keep press helicopters out of the area .
I 'm watching BBC news , from where it does n't appear to have worked .
11.44am :
The press conference is beginning .
Police say they can now reveal they have been dealing with a " hostage situation " .
11.46am :
We have been dealing with a " complex , fast moving and challenging hostage situation " , Detective Chief Superintendent Adamson said .
After recovering the Lexus , police arrested two men , both believed to have been taken hostage by Moat , on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder .
Moat is still at large , but police are " closing the net " .
11.47am :
Police now confirming the details of the exclusion zone we revealed a few minutes ago .
Members of the public in the area are advised to remain indoors .
11.49 am :
The chief constable is asked if she believes Roaul Moat is in Rothbury .
Det Chief Supt Neil Adamson answers , saying they have reason to .
He says he is not allowed to discuss the two people arrested , but says they are " well " .
They have been arrested in connection with the three shootings .
11.51 am :
Adamson says people " may still " be harbouring Moat .
He says " there is no reason at this stage " to link the fish and chip shop robbery to Moat .
11.53am :
There were reports of a fast response ambulance in the Rothbury area .
Was anyone injured ? , Adamson is asked .
He is not aware of it .
11.54am :
Adamson says there is a " huge amount of effort " going on behind the scenes .
There is an " awful lot " happening , he wants to stress , but " cannot explain , for obvious reasons " .
11.56am :
And with that Det Chief Supt Neil Adamson and Temporary Chief Constable Sue Sim are gone .
• The major news to come from the press conference was the revelation that Moat is believed to have taken two hostages .
• In a strange twist , those two people have now been arrested by Northumbria police , on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder .
Despite intense quizzing from members of the media at the conference , neither Adamson or Sim would elaborate on this rather curious development .
12.00 pm :
Rob Booth has just spoken to an employee at the J R Soulsby & Sons toyshop on the high street in Rothbury .
You could hear in the background police driving in a landrover and speaking through a megaphone saying " the police are here to protect you " .
" Its a bit scary , " said the shop assistant , who asked not to be named .
" There are armed police and I have seen a helicopter .
People are saying a black lexus was found on the industrial estate . "
Otherwise she said life was going on as normal , although the streets are quieter now the cordon has been thrown around the town .
" There are fewer people around than normal but people are walking their dogs and enjoying the sunshine . "
12.03 pm :
Matthew Weaver has spoken to Ken Wakinshaw , from Rothbury Family Butchers , who described the scene in the village .
" We have got police vehicles going up and down with armed officers and a loud speakers asking everyone to stay indoors ... the village has gone like a ghost town .
It 's a small rural town , it 's not a thing we are used to .
We 've just seen this tragedy unfold in Cumbria and you think that could never happen here . "
12.14 pm :
Detective Chief Superintendent Neil Adamson said there had been a " significant threat to the lives of the two men " believed to have been taken hostage by Moat .
They recovered the two men on a public road in Rothbury .
" I can confirm that both men are the people that we believe were the hostages , " Adamson said .
He added that both have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murderm , and are currently being held in police custody .
Here 's a longer section of Adamson 's full statement from the press conference :
At an early stage it was believed Mr Moat may have taken two hostages around the time of the shooting in Birtley .
We have been dealing with this matter in accordance with national guidelines in relation to kidnap .
Throughout this time there has been a significant risk to the lives of the two men .
Shortly after 10 am this morning , one of a continuing number of firearms operations was progressed in the Rothbury area of Northumberland .
This followed some key information from the public , which led us to recover the black Lexus car publicised yesterday .
This car was unoccupied when found .
Intelligence led us to conduct an operation , during which we arrested two men who were on foot walking along a public road near Rothbury in Northumberland . [...]
I can confirm that both men are the people that we believe were the hostages .
Both have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder .
Both are currently in police custody .
At this time Mr Moat has not been located .
I am confident , however , that with the support of the public and the continuing efforts of our staff that we are closing the net on Mr Moat .
Operational activity is continuing as we speak .
12.22 pm :
The black Lexus recovered by police today was spotted in Rothbury as long ago as Saturday , a local man has told my colleague Rob Booth .
An employee at the Home Bakery on the Rothbury industrial estate near to where Moat 's Lexus was found told me police activity appears to be centred on a wooded area beside the industrial estate which is often used for illegal camping .
Again , he asked not to be named , but he said he saw the same Lexus over the weekend and was suspicious enough to take down its registration .
" The Lexus was seen this morning around here , " he said .
" I saw it on Saturday morning just 20 yards from where I am now .
I saw two young men get out of it .
I made a note of the registration number because I wondered if it was illegal camping .
Neither of them were the man they are looking for . "
He said that police have told the bakery staff to " lock your doors " and workers due to clock on shortly are not able to get in to begin their shifts .
" We are a bit concerned , " he said .
" My little boy is 11 and is up at the school about one mile away .
I am concerned that they are keeping them inside . "
He said he could n't get through to find out because the phone was engaged .
12.29 pm :
Aside from the obvious threat that Moat is a danger to the public , officers could be enforcing the two - mile exclusion zone in a bid to use technology to try and locate him , a police source has just suggested to me .
If they know he is using a sim card police can get the service provider to " ping " the phone and it indicates the nearest telephone mast .
It 's usually used for missing people .
Not accurate and can give a 2 km circumference depending on network coverage .
12.40 pm :
Dramatic pictures from the BBC news channel , which has a helicopter hovering over a remote farm in the Rothbury area .
The farm looks disused , but is being surrounded by police officers , who appear to have a dog with them .
12.43 pm :
The armed officers – around a dozen – are patrolling the grounds of the building as a team , entering outbuildings as they presumably hunt for Raoul Moat .
12.44 pm :
The officers have just surrounded an open window of the property , through which the police dog just entered .
Several gathered outside the window , guns raised , as another smashed it clear .
The officers are now entering the building .
12.46 pm :
The BBC pictures shows most of the officers entering into the building .
Many of the windows of appear boarded up .
Four remain outside .
View Rothbury in a larger map
.
12.47 pm :
This map shows the area where police are searching for Moat .
12.58 pm :
The television pictures above Rothbury show a mostly open grassy area but with some densely wooded areas .
The footage has moved on from the building police were searching earlier , and shows separate groups of police stationed across the countryside .
Rob Booth has been speaking to people in the Rothbury area , who say
the police activity is centred to the east of the village - beyond the industrial estate where the Lexus was found and the caravan park .
A few minutes ago , barworkers at the Newcastle Arms pub said police were moving at speed towards the eastern end of the village - towards the Wagtail and Cragside wooded areas and Thrum Mill Farm close to the industrial estate and the caravan park .
Further up the hill is the National Trust 's Cragside House garden estate , a local visitor attraction .
" Armed police are patrolling the village , " said Josephine , a bar worker at the Newcastle Arms pub .
" They are going up and down the village telling people to get off the streets .
All the doors and windows have been closed .
If anyone appears from their door the police are on top of them , telling them they are not allowed out .
They are searching the woods and working their way through the area . "
Graham Noble , the owner of Thrum Mill Farm , who was not in the village when he spoke to the Guardian , said his wife had told him the police operation was centred on land close to the farm .
He added the police had been slow in putting out the registration of the Lexus thought to have been used by Moat .
They released the details last night , but the Lexus had been in Rothbury for much of yesterday afternoon , he said .
There have been no further updates from Northumbria police since the press conference just after 11.30 am , when Detective Chief Superintendent Neil Adamson said police were " closing the net " on the fugitive .
1.25 pm :
Police have confirmed that three people have been arrested today .
In addition to the two men arrested after the black Lexus was found this morning , a man was arrested when police raided a property , the home of a former bouncer , in Wrekenton , Gateshead .
Here 's a summary of events so far .
• Police have ordered a two mile exclusion zone near the village of Rorthbury in Northumberland .
Armed officers are searching the area for Raoul Moat , and are " closing the net " on the gunman , Detective Chief Superintendent Neil Adamson said at a press conference .
• Detectives said today they had been involved in a fast - moving and complex hostage situation .
Two men thought to have been taken hostage by Moat were found walking along a road in the Rothbury area .
They have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder .
• A third person was arrested this morning after a raid on a property in Wrekenton , Gateshead .
Police are yet to confirm the reason for the arrest .
The home is believed to belong to a former bouncer , although this is yet to be confirmed .
1.45 pm :
My colleague Helen Carter , reporting from the north east , has information that Moat is hiding in the woods and the hills near Rothbury .
She says he is believed to have two guns and a large amount of ammunition .
We 'll have more on this shortly .
2.04 pm :
The home secretary Theresa May has said she is ready to discuss providing additional assistance if needed by Northumbria police .
My sincere condolences go to all those affected by the shootings in the north east .
I have spoken to Acting Chief Constable Sue Sim and Home Office officials will remain in regular contact with the force .
Northumbria Police are being supported by other forces and I am confident everything possible is being done to catch the suspect .
We are available to discuss any additional support and assistance Northumbria Police may need .
2.12 pm :
The television coverage appears to be mostly restricted now to live shots of the edge of Rothbury .
Earlier we could see helicopter footage above the fields near the village , showing police hunting for Moat , which culminated in shots of armed police entering a building which has been named locally as Pike house .
It is unclear whether the search bore fruit .
2.44 pm :
More from Helen Carter , who is reporting from the north east .
She says Moat is believed to be armed with two shotguns , and could be hiding near Rothbury .
A man was seen jumping off a hay bale near a school in the town of Rothbury , according to witnesses near Dr Thomlinson CE voluntary aided middle school in Rothbury , Northumberland .
Armed police were called to the area in an effort to find Moat this afternoon .
It is feared that Moat may have slipped into nearby woodland , armed with two shotguns and a large amount of ammunition .
Further details of his movements emerged yesterday , as a barber who works close to his home said he had called in for a haircut and was in good spirits after having been released from prison .
" There was no indication of any bad feeling and I would n't say he had a hot temper , " the hairdresser at Top Barber said .
People living in Rothbury seemed to suggest that the Lexus had been in the area since Saturday , and it is thought Moat and his two associates could have been holed up in a farmhouse since the weekend .
Schoolchildren were ordered by police to stay indoors at their school as the police incident continued .
Residents said it was a ghost town in lockdown .
Isobel Wilson , 67 , a resident who discovered the abandoned Lexus , said it had not moved for 11 hours before the police learned of its whereabouts this morning .
At a press conference police said he had one conviction .
They later said he had been arrested 12 times and charged with seven offences .
3.08 pm :
ITN has uploaded footage from the Northumbria police press conference , showing Detective Chief Superintendent Neil Adamson revealing that two men who had been believed to have been taken hostage by Raoul Moat have been arrested .
Adamson also makes a direct plea to Moat to hand himself in .
3.21 pm :
As school closing time approaches in Rothbury , school children remain in their classrooms under police guard , Helen Carter emails :
Six police vans are guarding Dr Thomlinson CE voluntary aided middle school in Rothbury as the 210 pupils remained inside , following a sighting of a man who bore a strong resemblance to Moat , jumping on haystacks nearby .
Armed police were searching fields as the net closed in on the fugitive gunman .
4.44 pm :
A couple who tipped off the police about fugitive Raoul Moat 's car said they spotted it 10 hours before they realised it might be suspicious , according to PA .
Northumbria Police publicised the registration number of a black Lexus he was thought to be using late last night .
Isobel and Peter Wilson , who live next to the police station in Rothbury , Northumberland , saw the saloon parked up at 9 pm yesterday while they walked their Labrador Geordie and spaniel Danny near an industrial estate .
Isobel Wilson , a retired NHS service manager , said : " People often park there to walk their dog or go camping .
" I noticed it was a black Lexus because I like a Lexus .
" I saw it was an older one , a V reg .
" It had plastic cover on the driver 's seat .
" I did n't see anyone camping there .
" This morning I heard the police were looking for a V registration Lexus so my husband went back and checked it .
" We rang the police at about 7.30 am and they thanked us for the information .
" It 's a funny feeling now .
I am surprised .
" He must have been here before .
" If I had known last night I would have said something straight away , but the police have their reasons for not telling us everything . "
4.55 pm :
More on the police search of Pike House this afternoon , which apparently came after a Rothbury farmer alerted police when she began to suspect Moat may have camped out on her family 's land last night .
Jessica Taylor , who runs Wagtail Farm , just outside Rothbury , with her mother , said she noticed unusual activity at the disused Grade II - listed building .
" When I was up there checking the sheep this morning , it 's all boarded up and one of the boards was pulled off , " she told north east news website JournalLive.co.uk .
Police with sniffer dogs searched Pike House , a Grade II - listed building built in the late 18th or early 19th century , but apparently found nothing .
Taylor , 26 , also saw smoke coming from a remote spot in fields near the village of Rothbury this morning .
She said she went to Rothbury police station at 9.30 am , but it was an hour and a half before armed officers arrived to investigate her report .
The farmer said : " They were definitely camping there .
This morning , when I was going around the stock , I noticed there was smoke .
" I thought it was suspicious and went to the police .
I thought it could be him , so I did n't want to go up there . "
Moat 's apparent campsite was in a well - hidden spot surrounded by trees , near a river , she said .
5.08 pm :
The former girlfriend of Raoul Moat has spoken of the weekends the pair spent camping in Rothbury , and said he could hide out there " for days " .
Yvette Foreman , 35 , dated the former nightclub doorman when they were both were in their early 20s , according to the Press Association .
She spent weekends camping with him in the woods and fellsides surrounding her home in Rothbury , where police believe the gunman has gone to ground .
" People are blaming me for Raoul coming up here , " she said .
" They think it 's all a joke but I 'm terrified .
" I told police as soon as I heard he was on the loose he'd be heading for here and they did nothing .
" If I could speak to him , I 'd just say come on , pet , turn yourself in , it 's not worth it . "
The waitress , who lives with her mother Eileen , 66 , on Jubilee Crescent , said Moat knew the Rothbury countryside well .
" I knew he'd come here , " she said .
" It 's his favourite place in the whole world .
" We 'd go camping and fishing here loads when we were younger , almost every weekend , and he knows the woods and hills like the back of his hand .
" There 's so much woodland and so many little nooks and crags out there I think he could hide out for days . "
Foreman said she has told police of the connection .
5.21 pm :
Northumbria police holding press conference at 5.30 pm on the latest in the hunt for Raoul Moat .
Follow it here .
5.42 pm :
Still waiting for the press conference to start .
Police are believed to have an update on the Rothbury exclusion zone currently in place .
5.59 pm :
My colleague Martin Wainwright has this from the north east :
A series of other searches took place in Northumberland as the afternoon wore on without definite news .
In mid-afternoon armed officers drove at speed into the grounds of Northgate hospital on the edge of Morpeth , 12 miles from Rothbury .
They entered the main building of the specialist unit while the force helicopter circled overhead , but left after 15 minutes apparently without finding anything .
Other searches took place along a disused railway line running down the picturesque Coquet valley .
The first sign of the Rothbury search winding down came at 5 pm with an announcement that parents would be able to collect children from Dr Tomlinson middle school which had been cut off all day under guard by armed police .
Schoolchildren brought out of the town stopped at the roadblocks to describe the day 's events as " very scary - like being in the sort of thing you see on TV . "
They said that windows had been locked shut with curtains and blinds drawn all day while police patrolled outside .
The press conference at 5.30 pm appears to have been a smaller affair than I had anticipate , and was n't shown on any of the news channels .
ChronicleLive.co.uk has some details on the conference , which their reporter Dan Warburton says was designed to reassure the residents of Rothbury and the vicinity .
6.56 pm :
Chief Superintendent Mark Dennett , area commander for Northumberland , has just held a press conference .
PA has the details .
" This investigation and search is still ongoing , " Dennett told reporters at St Helen 's C of E First School in Longhorsley , near Rothbury , which was turned into a temporary rest centre for stranded residents .
" This is a fast - moving and dynamic situation and we still have two still in custody from this morning , who are an integral part of this inquiry .
Members of the public are advised to remain indoors and await further instructions .
Also anyone visiting Rothbury is advised not to travel at this stage .
Raoul Thomas
Moat is still potentially at large and we are undertaking a search in what is a significant and challenging geographic area and it may take several hours .
There are armed officers on the streets of Rothbury and we understand this may concern people but this is a precautionary measure to protect and reassure them . "
7.03 pm :
We 're wrapping up this blog for today .
Here 's a summary of the day 's events :
• Officers and sniffer dogs are scouring fields , woods and outhouses for Moat near where he abandoned his car in Rothbury , Northumberland .
• An ex-girlfriend says
Moat knows the area around the village " like the back of his hand " and could live rough there for days .
• Northumbria police have set up a two - mile exclusion zone around Rothbury and ordered children to to be kept in school today .
They said that the net was closing in on the alleged killer .
• The focus of the manhunt shifted to Rothbury after Moat 's black Lexus saloon was found parked in an industrial estate beside the River Coquet .
• Police last night imposed a media blackout on reporting that the gunman was holding two men hostage , but it was lifted this morning when they were found near Rothbury .
The pair were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder and taken into custody .
7.19 pm :
Thanks for all your comments .
A dam big project : Incredible images of construction work on 1,900 ft - long Hoover Bridge
It is one of the planet 's newest awe - inspiring superstructures - the Hoover Dam Bridge .
Now the giant construction project which is on schedule to be completed in September can be seen in all its glory in a series of stunning photographs .
Twelve years in planning and five years under construction , the development - known officially as the ' Mike O'Callaghan - Pat Tillman Memorial Bridge ' - is finally taking shape .
Spectacular structure : The Hoover Dam Bridge rises from the river banks in the middle stages of the £ 160 million project .
This image , which was taken in April this year , shows how the new bridge will replace the old road which crossed the top of the dam
Rising 890 ft above the Colorado River , when finished , its total length will be 1,900 ft , with its longest supported span running to 1080 ft .
Built in the shadow of the iconic Hoover Dam , which powers most of states Nevada and Arizona , the construction is the first concrete - steel composite arch bridge built in the United States .
With costs estimated to run to £ 160 million , the bridge is designed to take the pressure off the congested US Highway 93 , which connects Las Vegas , Nevada , in the west with Arizona and the Grand Canyon in the east .
The bridge is expected to carry 17,000 trucks and cars every day and will allow the roadway that runs on top of the Hoover Dam to close .
Having long been the most accessible river crossing between Nevada and Arizona , the dam is thought to be at risk of a terror strike , with trucks already banned from crossing .
In November , cars will no longer be able to cross the dam which was built in 1936 .
Do n't look down : Workers use a crane to construct the top of the bridge 's arch during the large - scale project .
The picture , taken in August , 2009 , shows how engineers anchored the structure in the canyon 's sides
Let there be light :
Night work on the Hoover Bridge continues unabated thanks to huge lighting towers in September last year .
The bridge is due to be completed later this year
Designed by T.Y Lin International , the bridge will be four lanes wide and is designed to match the style of the dam shadowing it , which holds back artificial Lake Mead .
Around 3,000 workers have helped construct the bridge using 2,300 feet long steel cables held aloft by a ' high line ' crane system .
The distinctive arches are made up of 106 concrete and steel arches , each one 24 ft - long .
The bridge has been named after Mike O'Callaghan , a former Nevada Governor and Pat Tillman , the American Football player who left the NFL and joined the army after the 9/11 attacks .
Tillman was killed in a friendly fire incident in Afghanistan in 2004 .
Documenting the last 18 months on camera has been Santa Fe resident Jamey Stillings , 38 .
Patriotic :
The new bridge will provide much needed relief for cars and lorries using U.S. Highway 93 .
The road provides a scenic link betweej the Grand Canyon , to the east and Las Vegas to the west
' I was driving on a road trip through Nevada across to Arizona when I took in the Hoover Dam as a tourist , ' said Jamey , who has been photographing the Bridge since March 2009 .
' I came across the construction of the bridge without warning and it captured a piece of my imagination . '
Deciding to stay for a night nearby , Jamey set about forming a project to photograph the bridge as it's put together step - by - step .
' I fell in love with it and wanted to begin a photographic project immediately , ' said Jamey .
' I have been a photographer working in environments such as war zones in Nicaragua and in advertising and corporate work , but this was a chance to return to my roots .
' I have made ten trips in total to the bridge .
I have spent 26 days and nights at the site with the workers and have taken over 12,000 frames . '
High and mighty :
The bridge nears completion , providing a four - lane highway crossing from Arizona to Nevada and on to Las Vegas
The Hoover Dam , seen in the background , was started in 1931 and completed in 1936 .
It spans the Black Canyon and uses the Colorado River in a giant hydroelectricity project
“ We ’re absolutely not afraid to take on the things that need to be taken on , and we ’re not afraid to say things that need to be said , ” Ms. Coen said at Gawker Media ’s Manhattan offices on Friday , where two dozen writers , producers and technicians design , update and moderate content for seven of the network ’s 10 sites .
“ That ’s the whole point . ”
Indeed , the morning after Mr. Stewart ’s on - air rebuke , Irin Carmon , the staff writer who contributed the original post , continued to hammer the show .
And after 32 women who work for the show wrote an open letter in response to Jezebel ’s allegations of sexism — they addressed it “ Dear People Who Do n’t Work Here ” and signed off with an expletive - laced suggestion — Ms. Carmon defended herself in a follow - up post by pointing out that the show did not answer questions or make anyone available for comment when she approached Comedy Central before the original critique was published .
Ms. Coen continues to stand by the post .
Steve Albani , a spokesman for Comedy Central , said on Friday , “ The open letter posted earlier this week speaks for itself , and the show will have no further comment . ”
With 50 to 60 posts published daily , Jezebel offsets weighty topics with lighter fare .
One popular feature , Midweek Madness , is a tongue - in - cheek dissection of the week ’s glossy tabloids ; with all the chatter about celebrity pregnancies , the Jezebel staff sometimes refers to it as “ Unsolicited Uterus Update Weekly . ”
Dress Code is a question - and - answer feature that functions as a sartorial Miss Manners ; Beauty 101 provides inexpensive and practical alternatives to the cosmetic tips espoused by Vogue and Allure .
Jezebel ’s founding editor , Anna Holmes , 37 , worked at some of the very magazines Mr. Denton scorned , including both Glamour and Star under Bonnie Fuller .
Charged with creating “ the Girly Gawker , ” Ms. Holmes sought “ an antidote to superficiality and irrelevance of women ’s media properties . ”
“ I felt disillusioned by magazines to a certain degree , ” said Ms. Holmes , who recently left Jezebel , “ because they perpetuate this insecurity factory and present solutions to the insecurities they just created . ”
Image A post about airbrushing on a Ralph Lauren model .
A month after the blog ’s inception , Ms. Holmes struck gold when someone involved with the production of Redbook sent Jezebel the July 2007 cover image of Faith Hill before the airbrush was applied .
The difference between the raw photo and the final cover is jarring : Ms. Hill ’s silhouette has been redrawn , under - eye lines have been smoothed out and one of her arms has been halved in size — all unnecessary alterations , Ms. Holmes said .
By Frances Harrison
The BBC's Tehran correspondent
Clerics can study transsexuality but not homosexuality which is illegal in Iran
In a country that has outlawed homosexuality , Frances Harrison meets one Iranian cleric who says the right to a sex change is a human right .
For 20 years Mahyar has been a woman trapped in a man 's body .
As a small child Mahyar liked dressing up in women 's clothes and experimenting with make - up but as she grew older it got more difficult .
" I badly needed to do it but it had to be in secret , " she says .
Now she wants to have a sex - change operation - if she can muster the £ 2,000 it will cost in Iran .
If her family does n't help financially , she says she might sell one of her kidneys to pay for it .
" People say you 'll get other illnesses but I think I can live without one kidney .
I cannot live between the sky and the earth , " says Mahyar .
Locked - up
Surgeons have already removed Mahyar 's testicles .
After the operation , her older brother locked her up for a week and would n't let her use the telephone .
Mahyar 's brother says someone has put a spell on her .
When Mahyar wants to feel normal she goes to the clinic of Dr Mirjalali - Iran 's leading sex - change surgeon .
There are women who were men , men who were women and those like Mahyar waiting for the operation they believe will be a sort of rebirth .
Dr Mirjalali discusses the operation with Mayhar
" If you saw them out in the street you would n't realise that one day they were the opposite sex , " he boasts .
The doctor will use parts of Mahyar 's intestines to create female sex organs .
He warns it involves five or six hours of difficult surgery and weeks of painful recuperation .
Mahyar loves to go to cosmetics shops - and try out new nail varnish for her long manicured nails and discuss with the amused female shop assistants the best sort of foundation cream to hide her stubbly chin .
I want to suggest that the right of transsexuals to change their gender is a human right
Hojatulislam Kariminia
Cleric
Hojatulislam Kariminia wrote his doctoral thesis on the implications of sex - change operations for Islamic law .
He is a leading expert on questions like does a husband or wife need the permission of their spouse before a sex change operation ?
Is their marriage automatically annulled afterwards and what happens to the wife 's dowry money or inheritance if she becomes a man .
Ayatollah Khomeini
He shows me the book in Arabic in which , 41 years ago , Ayatollah Khomeini wrote about new medical issues like transsexuality .
" I believe he was the first Islamic scientist in the world of Islam who raised the issue of sex change , " says Hojatulislam Kariminia .
The Ayatollah 's ruling that sex - change operations were allowed has been reconfirmed by Iran 's current spiritual leader .
That has meant that clerics like Hojatulislam Kariminia can study transsexuality - unlike homosexuality which is completely forbidden in Islam and illegal in Iran .
" I want to suggest that the right of transsexuals to change their gender is a human right , " says the cleric , who is so fascinated by the subject that he says he dreams about the transsexuals he has studied at night .
" I am trying to introduce transsexuals to the people through my work and in fact remove the stigma or the insults that sometimes attach to these people , " says Hojatulislam Kariminia .
Iranian society is not as accepting of transsexuals as the country 's religious leaders
" I do n't remember who Alim was - what she used to do , what kind of personality she had , " says Alan .
The past is something he 'd prefer to forget .
Alan was about to get married when the parents of his bride found out he had been born a woman .
They were horrified and refused to allow their daughter to marry what they considered another woman .
Iranian society has yet to catch up with its religious leaders - who say transsexuality is an illness like any other for which Islam has the solution and science the cure .
Alan shows me his new birth certificate and passport , which has been legally changed to say he is now a man .
He 's surprised to learn in Britain a transsexual who 's had a sex change operation cannot change his or her gender on their birth certificate .
" I think in Iran it is better ; in Iran they say you need to know your identity - either you have to be a boy or a girl , " says Alan .
Click here to visit the Dept for Constitutional Affairs website for more information about the Gender Recognition Act
Frances Harrison 's film will be screened on Thursday , 6 January , 2005 .
Newsnight is broadcast on BBC Two at 1030 pm every weeknight in the UK .
Sen . Al Franken Alan ( Al ) Stuart FrankenGOP
Senate candidate says Trump , Republicans will surprise in Minnesota Peterson faces fight of his career in deep - red Minnesota district Getting tight — the psychology of cancel culture MORE ( D - Minn. ) , addressing a convention of liberal bloggers and activists Saturday evening , implored the left to fight to stay in power in the midterm elections .
“ If Republicans take back Congress they ’ll implement a truly dangerous agenda , ” Franken told the Netroots Nation gathering in Las Vegas .
“ Everything is on the table , from repealing healthcare reform to privatizing Social Security . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Franken singled out two Republican Senate nominees : Rand Paul Randal ( Rand ) Howard PaulRon Paul hospitalized in Texas The Hill 's Morning Report - Sponsored by Facebook - Trump previews SCOTUS nominee as ' totally brilliant ' Rand Paul says he can't judge ' guilt or innocence ' in Breonna Taylor case MORE in Kentucky , for his questioning of the 1964 Civil Rights Act , and Sharron Angle in Nevada , “ who ca n’t stop bringing up the prospect of armed revolt . ”
Franken warned that Joe Barton , who apologized to BP CEO Tony Hayward in an oil spill hearing , would become chairman of the House Energy committee should Republicans take back control of the House , and said “ Darrell Issa is promising to double his staff and embark on a witch - hunt in the hopes of bringing down the Obama administration . ”
Being in the majority , Democrats currently have twice as many staff as Republicans on the Oversight Committee .
Issa ( R - Calif . ) , the ranking member on the House Oversight and Government Reform panel , responded to Franken ’s charges in a late - night e-mail statement .
“ Obviously , Senator Franken is reading from the same misguided playbook that Speaker [ Nancy ]
Pelosi and shares her belief that a Democratic Congress should give this administration immunity from legitimate questions and appropriate accountability , ” Issa wrote .
“ Their statements are indicative of the desperate state their Majority is in and if the best case they can make is to caution the American people against the dangers of conducting legitimate and vigorous oversight , they is welcome to make that case .
“ The fact of the matter is oversight should be done vigorously and effectively — even if it raises uncomfortable questions for the Obama White House and Democratic congressional leaders . ”
Franken said he understood frustration among the left that not all agenda items were being pushed with the vigor they ’d like , but told the activists “ no matter how frustrated you are , you ca n’t check out now . ”
“ We have seen what happens when Republicans take control of Congress with a Democratic president and it ai n’t pretty , ” the senator said .
Franken said the country was “ teetering on the brink of a double - dip recession ” and criticized Republicans for eschewing the idea of another stimulus package .
“ They hide behind big talk about deficits as if deficits suddenly appeared at noon on Jan. 20 , 2009 , ” he said .
Green Tea Ice Cream Recipe
A Green Tea Ice Cream Recipe is the perfect treat on hot sunny day .
Imagine it is the weekend and you want to spend some time with your friends and family .
Preparing tasty afternoon tea recipes is an excellent way to have fun and enjoy the health benefits of tea .
Green tea has powerful antioxidants that protect you from several ailments .
If you are worried about your heart or trying to lower blood pressure , green tea properties boost your immune system giving it the strength you need to fight viruses and bacteria .
Green tea Ice Cream Recipe
Now you can combine the green tea health benefits with a tasty ice cream recipe !
It ’s the perfect way to introduce your children to the world of green tea recipes .
Take this opportunity to teach them some interesting facts about tea .
To get them involved in the spirit make up some tea party games .
They will learn more if they are having fun .
Lead them into the kitchen and prepare this fantastic Green tea ice cream recipe together .
So , gather your ingredients and let ’s begin !
Ingredients
2 egg yolks
2 - 4 tbsp of sugar
200 ml of heavy cream
1 - 2 tbsp of matcha green tea ( powder tea )
2 tbsp of boiling water
50 ml of iced water
How to Make Green tea Ice Cream Recipe
Step 1
Lightly whisk your egg yolks in a pan .
Now add the water and sugar and stir .
Step 2
Place your pan on low heat .
Then stir continually , allowing this blend to thicken .
As soon as you see your mixture growing and becoming more solid , remove it from the heat .
Here ’s a Tip :
Do n’t stop stirring , or your eggs will cook and ruin your recipe .
Step 3
Now get your matcha green tea and mix it with hot water .
See how the powder green tea gains life as you gently stir ?
Step 4
Pour the powder green tea in the egg mixture and whisk it well .
Again , you are pouring hot liquid over your eggs so it ’s important not to stop stirring .
Next , place the bowl with this mixture in another recipient with the iced water to cool down .
Step 5
Add the whipped heavy cream to the previous mixture and stir well .
Step 6
Now comes an important part .
If you have an ice cream maker , you must pour the mixture inside it , follow the manufacturer ’s directions and keep it in the freezer .
If you do n’t have an ice cream maker , do n’t worry !
You can still do it and we will explain how .
Put your creamy mixture in a large container and keep it in the refrigerator for two hours .
Then remove the container , stir the mixture and place it this time in the freezer for more two hours .
You must repeat this step once or twice ( taking the container of the freezer and mixing the ice cream ) , to prevent ice crystals from forming in the ice cream .
Let ’s get creative !
Place some waffle sticks in your ice cream cups .
Tropical fruits are a good idea as well .
They bring even more colour and taste !
You can also make up fun tea sandwich recipes with your kids or try other green tea recipes !
Have a look at this fantastic green tea cookie recipe and dazzle your kids with yet another healthy surprise for your tea party !
The good thing about this green tea ice cream recipe is that you can make lots of it and always have it prepared in your freezer , be it summer or winter !
Nothing beats a bowl of ice cream in the evening while watching a good movie .
And it makes a great desert when you have unexpected guests for dinner .
With this ice cream , you get the chance to introduce your friends and family to green tea , especially to matcha tea , a Japanese powder green tea famous for its powerful antioxidants and its royal character .
Buy Green Tea Powder and enjoy your ice cream !
or purchase from amazon.co.uk
So continue your travels in this world and discover new teas and recipes .
There is so much more to see and taste !
Return from Green Tea Ice Cream Recipe to Tea Recipes
Return to The Right Tea Homepage
” Tea is naught but this :
First you heat the water , then you make the tea , then you drink it properly .
That is all you need to know . ” - Rikyû , 16th century Tea Master
Do you have a question ?
Then feel free to Contact Us !
And do n’t forget to follow us on Facebook to receive updates , photos and interesting tips and news !
Follow us also on Pinterest !
" It 's to be a life project for them , " he said .
" As long as I am incarcerated in the US or Canada they are not to give the members of Parliament any peace in my regards . "
Rodrigo Abd / Associated Press
WAGING WAR Troops fought Thursday in the volatile Arghandab Valley , in Kandahar , Afghanistan .
President Obama has pledged to start withdrawals next year .
That and other factors could lead Congress to contemplate reductions in Pentagon financing requests .
Everyone knows that Thor 's arch - nemesis is the trickster Loki .
But did you know the God of Thunder fought magical crowbars , two - headed robots , and intergalactic yokels ?
Here are 10 foes you wo n't see at the multiplex ( but deserve to be ) .
With Comic - Con on the horizon , new set photos of Thor are being in released in drips and draps .
And it looks like Kenneth Branagh is filming a fairly orthodox take on Thor 's mythology ( or at least as orthodox as one can get when it comes to making summer blockbusters about Norse space gods ) .
Advertisement
Advertisement
This is a pity , for Thor has a rich rogues gallery that 's ripe for the picking .
After almost 40 years of superheroing , he 's encountered a panoply of foes , many of whom have languished in obscurity after receiving Mjolnir upside the head once or twice .
Here are 10 strange foes who deserve a chance to wow audiences .
10 . ) The Bi-Beast
First appearance : The Incredible Hulk 169 ( Nov. 1973 )
Why does Bi-Beast rule ?
Because his traits were seemingly picked out of a hat .
Super - strong android ?
Check .
Genius intellect ?
Check .
Two heads stacked on top of each other , totem pole style ?
Double check .
The Bi-Beast was built by a civilization of Bird People — one of the Bi-Beast 's head possesses the bird people 's knowledge of warfare , the other knows all of their avian culture .
Bi-Beast started off as a Hulk villain but eventually clashed with Thor .
Why He Deserves To Be In The Movie : Think of all the fantastic Hollywood duos you can CGI graft onto Bi-Beast 's body .
Simon Pegg and Nick Frost .
Cheech and Chong .
The Olsen Twins .
The Barbarian Brothers .
Why He Wo n't Be : Potential boycott from the fundamentalist Right over Bi-Beast Happy Meal toys .
Advertisement
9. ) Sporr
First appearance : Thor 256 ( Feb. 1977 )
Sporr was a giant glob of tentacles and telepathic sputum who constantly kidnapped members of an alien race known as the Levians .
Thor assisted the Levians in pummeling Sporr when the giant glob absconded with his lady love Sif .
Once the Levians murdered the giant space amoeba , Thor discovered that Sporr had been healing their sick and wounded .
Nice one , Thor .
Why He Deserves To Be In The Movie : The Sporr Baba Ghanoush Wrap will add a much - needed vegetarian option to Burger King 's menu .
Why He Wo n't Be : " Thor is a dick " is not the message you want to kick off your franchise with .
Advertisement
8. ) Crusher
First appearance : Thor 130 ( July 1966 )
Crusher was a minion of the nefarious Olympian god Pluto .
His special power ?
Crushing things .
Thor fought him in one issue and beat the tar out of him .
We have n't seen Crusher since .
Why He Deserves To Be In The Movie : Crusher 's sole appearance did not adequately explore his motivation for crushing things .
Was it a poor childhood ?
Obsessive compulsive disorder ?
A multimillion dollar summer blockbuster would be a great place to explore his past .
Why He Wo n't Be : Hollywood would crumble under the pressure and screw him up .
Instead of a rich tapestry of characterization , audiences will get some one - note " I crush this !
I crush that ! " blatherskite .
They 'll consign him to the background rather than giving him the tetrology he deserves .
Advertisement
7. ) The Man-Beast
First appearance : Thor 135 ( Dec. 1966 )
The Man-Beast ( also known as the Super - Beast ) was a wolf mutated by the mad god -being the High Evolutionary .
He was part Man , part Beast .
You can appreciate the simplicity of his name .
It 's akin to naming Thor " Hammer Blond " or Loki " Weasel Deity . "
He is what he says .
Man-Beast 's reign of manimalistic terror ended when Quicksilver turned him back into his lupine form .
Unsurprisingly , Man-Beast was an ally of Bi-Beast .
Why He Deserves To Be In The Movie :
His name will appeal to audiences who demand zero creativity from their cinema .
Why He Wo n't Be : Disappointed audiences will riot when they find out he 's not Skeletor 's sidekick .
Advertisement
6. ) Xorr the God-Jewel
First appearance : Thor 214 ( August , 1973 )
Xorr The God Jewel was a giant sentient crystalline biosphere who wanted to consume planets .
Reading his origin gives me a headache , as it's the apex of 1970s cosmic Marvel weirdness .
Besides his whole galactic consumption M.O. , he 's kind of a supercilious jerk .
Why He Deserves To Be In The Movie : His name > Bi-Beast > Man-Beast .
And that 's saying a lot .
Why He Wo n't Be : He 's like Galactus , but made of rock candy .
Advertisement
5. ) Ricochet Monster
First appearance : Assorted comic books , 1980 .
There 's not a lot of information out there on the Ricochet Monster , but he really loves pastries and is able to wield Mjolnir .
True ,
Thor is using Mjolnir like an intergalactic taxi service , but the Ricochet Monster is in select company .
Why He Deserves To Be In The Movie : Lunchroom product placement opportunities out the yin -yang .
Why He Wo n't Be : Wait until our # 1 entry ....
Advertisement
4 & 3 . ) The Wrecking Crew
First appearance : Defenders 17 ( Nov. 1974 )
I love the Wrecking Crew ( Wrecker , Bulldozer , Piledriver , and Thunderball ) .
They 're easily the most legitimate villains on this list .
Mind you , these are four men who based their entire superhuman career on mimicking construction equipment .
Also , the Wrecker carries a magical crowbar that was enchanted by the Asgardian sorceress Karnilla — it 's possibly the most stupidly genius origin story out there .
In short , the Wrecking Crew are more or less the Village People of the Marvel Universe .
Why They Deserve To Be In The Movie : Despite their criminal incompetence when it comes to supervillainy , the Wrecking Crew are stalwart baddies of the M.U.
They were present at the Secret Wars , joined the Hood 's gang , and cameo whenever a writer needs a villain to pound on .
Scratch that , they 're the Clint Howard of the M.U .
Why He Wo n't Be : Actually , we could see the Wrecking Crew in a Thor flick .
A magic crowbar and some body suits wo n't break the prop budget .
Advertisement
2. ) Armak The First Man
First ( and last ) appearance : Thor 231 ( Jan. 1975 )
Arnold was as a nebbish fake psychic who conned rich people with his mother .
For his misdeeds , the spirit of Armak , the First Man overcame Arnold and transformed him into a horndog neanderthal .
Armak then kidnapped the nearest lady and scampered up a construction site .
Thor punches him in the grill , Armak plummets to his death .
See you in hell , Armak .
Why He Deserves To Be In The Movie : Armak the First Man should n't be in the first movie .
He deserves his own film .
See , a bunch of randy co-eds go out to the woods for spring break .
They all have a dirty secret , à la I Know What You Did Last Summer .
Suddenly , some of the co-eds begin transforming into Armak , The First Man .
But who ?
It would be like The Thing meets Cavemen with Ringo Starr .
Why He Wo n't Be : Because I 'm already writing an Armak script .
Dibs !
Advertisement
1. ) The Ding - A - Ling Gang
First ( and last ) appearance : Assorted comic books ( January , 1978 )
The Ding - A - Ling Gang were a group of intergalactic hillbillies who attempted to mug Thor .
He bribed them with pies .
The end .
Why He Deserves To Be In The Movie : Self - explanatory .
Why He Wo n't Be : Self - explanatory .
Advertisement
[ Hostess ads via Branded in the 80s .
Thanks to Lindsay Wolfe for the awesome research . ]
Knocking out the source ( Image : Jorge Saenz / AP / PA )
DENGUE fever has re-entered the US via the Florida Keys after an absence of 65 years .
The mosquito - borne virus has been identified in 28 people from Key West by the US Centers for Disease Control .
The CDC announced the findings last week in its Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report .
“ We do n’t know for sure that this has n’t happened before without being noticed , ” says Christopher Gregory of the CDC ’s dengue branch in San Juan , Puerto Rico .
“ It could be the tip of the iceberg . ”
Most cases resolve after flu - like symptoms , says Gregory .
He …
1. Dump both cans of beans into a skillet ( but use the liquid from only one can ) .
Dump in the taco seasoning .
2. Stir and let simmer for about 10 - 15 minutes .
3 . Add beans and other ingredients to your tacos , burritos , and / or taco salads .
Especially good recipe for those who are n't crazy about the flavor of garbanzo beans .
The seasoning takes over .
Image caption Pakistan 's links with the Taliban could go much deeper than thought
Pakistani intelligence gives funding , training and sanctuary to the Afghan Taliban on a scale much larger than previously thought , a report says .
Taliban field commanders interviewed for the report suggested that ISI intelligence agents even attend Taliban supreme council meetings .
Support for the Afghan Taliban was " official ISI policy " , the London School of Economics ( LSE ) authors suggest .
Pakistan 's military denied the claims .
A spokesman said the allegations were " rubbish " and part of a malicious campaign against the country 's military and security agencies .
The LSE report comes at the end of one of the deadliest weeks for Nato troops in Afghanistan , with more than 30 soldiers killed .
' Double game '
Links between the Taliban and Pakistan 's intelligence service have long been suspected , but the report 's author - Harvard analyst Matt Waldman - says there is real evidence of extensive co-operation between the two .
There is thus a strong case that the ISI orchestrates , sustains and shapes the overall insurgent campaign Matt Waldman , Report author
" This goes far beyond just limited , or occasional support , " he said .
" This is very significant levels of support being provided by the ISI .
" We 're also saying this is official policy of that agency , and we 're saying that it is very extensive .
It is both at an operational level , and at a strategic level , right at the senior leadership of the Taliban movement . "
Mr Waldman spoke to nine Taliban field commanders in Afghanistan earlier this year .
Some alleged that ISI agents had even attended meetings of the Taliban 's top leadership council , the so - called Quetta shura .
They claim that by backing the insurgents Pakistan 's security service is trying to undermine Indian influence in Afghanistan .
Image caption Taliban field commanders were interviewed by the report 's author
" These accounts were corroborated by former Taliban ministers , a Western analyst and a senior UN official based in Kabul , who said the Taliban largely depend on funding from the ISI and groups in Gulf countries , " the report said .
With US troops due to begin leaving next year , Pakistan and other regional players are increasingly seeking ways to assert their influence in Afghanistan , analysts say .
Pakistan has long been accused of using the Taliban to further its foreign policy interests in the country .
The ISI first became involved in funding and training militants in Afghanistan after the Soviet invasion in 1979 .
Since 2001 , however , it has been a key US ally , receiving billions of dollars in aid in return for helping fight al - Qaeda
" Pakistan appears to be playing a double - game of astonishing magnitude , " the report says .
' No proof '
But Islamabad says it is working with its international partners in hunting down the Taliban .
And the Taliban 's former ambassador to Pakistan , Abdul Salam Zaeef , says there is no proof of a link between the ISI and the Afghan Taliban .
" I have no proof that Pakistan is supporting the Taliban , " he told the BBC , " or that the ISI is providing money to them ... or other support to provide weapons . "
Even so , Pakistan 's role in Afghanistan is viewed as critical .
Last week Afghan intelligence chief Amrullah Saleh resigned , saying he had become an obstacle to plans to talk to the Taliban .
Mr Saleh told Reuters news agency a day after quitting that the ISI was " part of the landscape of destruction " in Afghanistan and accused Pakistan of sheltering Taliban leaders in safe houses .
Pakistan has always denied such claims and points to arrests and military offensives against the militants on its side of the border .
Nevertheless , parts of the tribal north - west of Pakistan bordering Afghanistan remain strongholds for the militants .
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville in Kabul says there is a growing understanding that military action alone will not be enough to bring peace in Afghanistan .
" Without a change in Pakistani behaviour it will be difficult if not impossible for international forces and the Afghan government to make progress against the insurgency , " the report concludes .
I received this email last week .
I often get random email from people I do n’t know asking for help with Perl problems and I ’m happy to help whenever I can ( although I always point our that Perl Monks is going to get better answers in less time ) .
But if you ’re going to ask random strangers for help , you should probably make a bit more effort than this person did .
I ’ve reformatted it and corrected the English .
Hello sir , I am new developer in perl scripting language using MVC Frame works , my doubt is how to write below query in MVC .
$ query = " select belarc_update_dt from Device where belarc_update_dt > $ expiry_date AND belarc_update_dt <= $ current_date AND ( scrapped_on > $ current_date OR scrapped_on = ' 0000 - 00-00 ' ) " ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 $ query = " select belarc_update_dt from Device where belarc_update_dt > $ expiry_date AND belarc_update_dt <= $ current_date AND ( scrapped_on > $ current_date OR scrapped_on = ' 0000 - 00-00 ' ) " ; the above query how to write in mvc frameork can we please help me sir , Thanks and Regards
How would you reply to mail like that ?
Update : I asked which MVC framework he was using .
He replied :
I am using CGI :: Carp ‘ fatalsToBrowser ’ with linux shell .
At that point I gave up .
Remember the most beautifully geeky invites that Tribe member Lara drew and designed herself ?
Well she 's back with a unique favor idea ( and as usual it 's beautifully designed ) .
Lara explains , " My future husband and I were having a slightly silly conversation while out for dinner the other day , and he suggested that instead of making or buying favours , ( or maybe as well as ) we make ours actual favours .
As in things we will do for people in the future to help them out . "
And check out how they look when they 're unrolled …
They decided to make each guest a little scroll with three different favors from which they can choose — a free drink from their cash bar , custom illustrations from Lara , help moving , house / spring cleaning , computer help , cupcakes etc .
And their guests can swap if they like , which is a great way to encourage conversation amongst strangers .
Statement by Apple on White iPhone 4
2010-07-23 12:30:04.71 GMT
Statement by Apple on White iPhone 4
PR Newswire
CUPERTINO , Calif. , July 23
CUPERTINO , Calif. , July 23 / PRNewswire -FirstCall / --
White models of Apple 's new iPhone® 4 have continued to be more challenging to manufacture than we originally expected , and as a result they will not be available until later this year .
The availability of the more popular iPhone 4 black models is not affected .
© 2010 Apple Inc .
All rights reserved .
Apple , the Apple logo , Mac , Mac OS , Macintosh and iPhone are trademarks of Apple .
Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners .
SOURCE Apple
Scientists have used the latest imaging techniques to look inside a python that had just swallowed a rat whole .
The resulting footage is part of a project using hi-tech scanning methods to explore animals ' anatomy .
It took 132 hours for the snake to fully digest the rat , the scientists said .
Their work has revealed other strange insights into python digestion .
They presented the study at the Society for Experimental Biology 's annual meeting in Prague , Czech Republic .
The researchers carried out a computer tomography or CT scan of an anaesthetised 5 kg Burmese python one hour after it had devoured the rat whole .
Image copyright Other Image caption
The MRI study revealed how the python 's organs altered as it digested its meal
They also used a technique called magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) to study the creature 's internal organs .
By using contrast agents , the scientists were able to highlight specific organs and make them appear in different colours .
A series of MRI images revealed the gradual disappearance of the rat 's body .
At the same time , the snake 's intestine expanded , its gall bladder shrank and its heart increased in volume by 25 % .
The researchers , Henrik Lauridsen and Kasper Hansen , both from Aarhus University in Denmark , explained that the increase in the size of the snake 's heart was probably associated with the energy it needed to digest its meal .
" It 's a sit and wait predator , " explained Mr Lauridsen .
" It fasts for months and then eats a really large meal .
" It can eat the equivalent of up to 50 % of its own bodyweight , and in order to get the energy out of the meal , it has to restart the intestinal system very fast . "
Image copyright Other Image caption Contrast agents allow the researchers to highlight specific internal organs
The researchers , who are both based at the university 's Department of Zoophysiology and the MR Research Centre at Aarhus , say that their approach has several advantages over the " subjective and sometimes misleading " interpretations of dissections .
Dissection induces changes , explained Dr Hansen .
" For example , after opening the dense bone of a turtle shell , the lungs will collapse due to the change in pressure .
" And to use these techniques you do n't have to kill the animal , " he added .
" We can do this using live animals and revisit the results over and over again . "
The images , they say , will be valuable tools in future studies of animal anatomy for both research and education .
As part of the project , they have produced similarly spectacular images of several other species , including frogs , alligators , turtles , swamp eels and bearded dragons .
A federal judge on Thursday increased the sentence of Lynne F. Stewart , a disbarred lawyer convicted of assisting terrorism , to 10 years  nearly five times as long as her original sentence .
An appeals court had ordered the judge , John G. Koeltl of Federal District Court in Manhattan , to resentence Ms. Stewart after it deemed his first sentence , of 28 months , too light .
Judge Koeltl , after speaking for about 45 minutes about the considerations he had made , the legal sentencing guidelines and the facts of the case , ordered Ms. Stewart to serve 120 months .
A collective gasp went up from Ms. Stewart ’s supporters , who packed the broad , high - ceilinged courtroom .
That was followed by a few shrieks and sobs ; some held their hands over their mouths .
Dexter Ford was a three - decades - long veteran of Motorcyclist , a motorcycle enthusiast magazine , until he was fired in September .
Now , recently - revealed email exchanges indicate he was canned after a motorcycle helmet story he wrote for The New York Times angered advertisers .
Advertisement
A series of email exchanges published yesterday by MC24 . no appear to indicate that Motorcyclist fired Dexter Ford , a contributing editor who had been with the magazine for three decades , after a story he wrote for The New York Times angered the magazine 's advertisers .
Advertisement
The emails , which Ford confirmed for us are the real thing , include an apparent assertion by Motorcyclist editor - in - chief Brian Catterson that major helmet makers threatened to withdraw advertising in his magazine due to Ford 's New York Times piece .
That same email then quotes Catterson as saying , " Iʼm getting serious heat over this , to the tune of threatening my job unless I do something about you . "
( September 30 , 2009 at 4:21 PM )
If true , the emails raise troubling questions about a potentially unethical relationship between advertising dollars and editorial content at the popular magazine , one that stretches beyond mere motorcycle reviews and appears to include reporting on the safety of children 's helmets .
You can find the complete leaked email exchange on MC24.no .
First , Some Background
Motorcyclist is the second largest printed motorcycle magazine in the US , claiming a circulation of 229,416 copies a month .
The main focus of the magazine is reviewing new motorcycles and other products related to them , products like helmets .
Brian Catterson became editor - in - chief in 2006 after spending 20 years working as a motorcycle journalist , including a 12 - year stint at Cycle World .
In the article announcing his appointment , Motorcyclist is described as , " one of the most reliable monthly bike publications in the industry today . "
Advertisement
Ford has long been controversial with major helmet makers , authoring " Blowing the Lid Off , " the seminal expose of the flawed Snell M2005 helmet safety standard .
In it , he proved through objective scientific testing that helmets made to that standard transmitted more forces to riders ' heads than some less expensive helmets made to the DOT standard .
Ford 's article turned conventional wisdom on its head , proving that certain less - expensive DOT helmets were , according to his testing , capable of transmitting lower forces to a rider 's head than the typically more expensive Snell M2005 brain buckets .
Both Arai and Shoei , as well as many other helmet makers , sell helmets with the Snell certification .
The article , first published in 2005 , was particularly damning for very small Snell helmets , which , at the time , the organization certified using the same weight head forms as larger - sized helmets .
Ford 's article concluded , " If you are a man , woman or child with a lighter head ... the difference in stiffness between a Snell helmet and a DOT or ECE helmet will be relatively huge . "
Advertisement
Motorcycle helmets are made from a " crumple zone " of styrofoam in varying densities encased in a deformable shell designed to prevent penetration and spread out the force of impacts .
By varying the density and amount of the styrofoam , helmet makers are able to precisely tailor the rate at which the head will decelerate on impact .
In retrospect , it seems obvious that a child or smaller person 's head would weigh less than an extra large adult head , thereby requiring less dense styrofoam to achieve a similar rate of deceleration , but Snell M2005 did n't acknowledge that disparity , an oversight that resulted in the potential for smaller heads to be subjected to higher forces in crashes .
Ford 's article provided evidence that , " helmet makers should tailor the stiffness of their helmets to suit the head sizes of the wearers to protect everybody 's brain equally . "
The Snell Memorial Foundation is a not - for - profit American organization , funded by helmet makers , that evaluates helmet safety and awards helmets that pass its tests with a certificate the foundation says is , " our assurance that a helmet has measured up to the highest standards for protective performance time and again . "
The certification is voluntary , but many consumers believe a Snell helmet is safer than one without the organization 's stamp of approval .
Ford 's testing indicates that 's not necessarily the case .
Advertisement
Snell revised its standard in July 2009 .
Snell M2010 , the new standard , closely follows the recommendations made in " Blowing The Lid Off . "
Unfortunately , while helmets meeting the new Snell M2010 standard went on sale October 1 , 2009 , Snell M2005 - rated helmets will continue production through March 31 , 2012 and can be sold with the Snell M2005 certification sticker indefinitely .
While Snell M2010 tests do use graduated head weights and reduce the maximum allowable g's across every size , most of the new M2010 helmets wear an identical external sticker to M2005 helmets ; you have to peel back the inner lining and search for a small interior sticker to tell the difference .
This potential for consumer confusion is the gist of an article Ford wrote for The New York Times entitled " Sorting Out Differences in Helmet Standards , " which was published on September 25 , 2009 .
In that article , Ford writes that buyers who want to avoid confusion over helmet standards and find a helmet that 's been tested to work with an appropriate weight head can , " simply choose a non-Snell - rated helmet . "
Advertisement
Neither Arai or Shoei are mentioned by name at any point in the article .
Ford has been a Times contributor since 2007 ; the newspaper has no affiliation with Motorcyclist or its current publisher , Source Interlink .
Dexter Ford 's Times Piece and Motorcyclist 's Advertising
According to the leaked emails , on September 30 , 2009 at 3:25 PM , Ford received an email from Brian Catterson entitled " NY Times article . "
It read : " FYI that bit is likely to cost us Arai and Shoei advertising — again .
The wagons are already circling ... "
Advertisement
As the emails on MC24 . no have it , Ford responded , in part , by asking for clarification .
Saying , in an email dated September 30 , 2009 at 4:06 PM , " They are going to pull their ads from Motorcyclist because the New York Times wrote a ( completely true and important ) story ?
I made it very clear in every communication with both that I was writing strictly for the NYT on this , and not by or for Motorcyclist .
They have already silenced Motorcyclist on this issue .
I do n't know what else I can do . "
The next email in that chain , at 4:21 PM , believed to be from Catterson , reads : " None of that matters to the brass when two of our biggest advertisers are threatening to yank their ads over a story a freelancer wrote for another publication when we 're down $ 2 mil from last year ! "
In that same email , Catterson appears to continue with , " I know what you wrote for the NY Times is accurate , but I think you greatly downplayed how significant an improvement the Snell 2010 standard is .
In my eyes it ' rights all wrongs , ' which should have been the thrust of your story , not just a couple sentences in a piece that focused largely on the dangers of Snell 2005 helmets .
I 'm getting serious heat over this , to the tune of threatening my job unless I do something about you . "
Advertisement
We asked Catterson about that email , to which he said , " As for the last quote about ' two of our biggest advertisers , ' I wrote that after one of our publishers told me that was the case , but then changed his tune , saying that only one had expressed their disappointment over Dexter 's article in the New York Times and that he was worried they and others might pull their ads .
And anyway , those two companies were neither Arai nor Shoei . "
Dexter Ford is Fired , But Why ?
Catterson sent us the termination letter in which Ford 's association with Motorcyclist was formally severed on October 7 , 2009 .
In this letter , there 's no mention of advertiser pressure .
Instead , there 's an accusation that Ford is " a journalist whose personal vendettas have come to preclude objective reporting . "
Nothing like that assertion appears anywhere in the rest of the leaked emails .
The letter goes on to call Ford 's article in the Times " controversial " , criticizing it for focusing on consumer confusion over praising the revised Snell M2010 standard .
Advertisement
" ... I fired Dexter for the reasons detailed in my letter , not because of any pressure from advertisers , " Catterson said when asked for clarification .
" Some of our advertisers were upset by Dexter 's article in the New York Times , but none ever threatened to pull their advertising , as they had done over the original helmet test published in Motorcyclist in 2005 .
My job was never literally threatened , either , though our publishers made it clear they wanted me to ' fire '
Dexter as he had become a bigger liability than an asset — a sentiment I fully shared . "
The termination notice alleges that Ford allowed personal vendettas to get in the way of doing his job , providing two examples :
" Your Susan Carpenter column was another example of your personal agenda getting in the way of objective reporting .
Your first few drafts were character assassinations fueled by your desire to have her job .
I only agreed to publish the final version after you re-wrote it to focus on her poorly researched motorcycle emissions story . "
Advertisement
" The recent Snell press conference was the final straw .
By all accounts , your behavior was entirely unprofessional , embarrassing Motorcyclist magazine and yourself . "
The thing is , the emails in the leak appear to refute those claims .
Let 's look at Ford 's Susan Carpenter column first .
No such article appears to be available online and it's unclear if it was ever published , but there is extensive mention of it in the leaked emails .
Advertisement
Carpenter writes a motorcycle column for The Los Angeles Times entitled " Throttle Jockey . "
She 's one of the only women in the country to write about motorcycles for a major publication and she often expresses views divergent from those of the two - wheeled establishment .
In an email entitled " Smog - Spewing Susan " sent on June 25 , 2008 at 5:24 PM , Ford appears to file the Susan Carpenter story , to which Catterson is quoted as responding at 5:41 PM : " Awesome ! Sensational !
Fabulous even ! "
Advertisement
An email dated the day prior ( June 24 , 2008 at 3:57 PM ) quotes Catterson as asking Ford , " Any progress on your Susan assassination piece ? "
Ford is quoted as responding at 6:37 PM on the same day , " So I respectfully request to do a ﬁrst column on this ( current ) issue , in which I show that she is wrong , and that bikes come out wonderful in the grand green scheme of things .
And then do the subsequent torch job on Susan 's lame - oid bike reviews , which is already substantially written . "
Advertisement
Catterson is then quoted as replying at 7:45 PM , " I see it as Susan does n't know jack [ expletive deleted ] about bikes , has proven it again and again , and now that she 's done this expose on how monumentally bad motorcycles are for the environment , she 's proven she 's not one of us so is fair game .
I say one column , feed her to the dogs . "
This exchange appears to refute the assertion that Ford 's work required a re-write or that his " personal agenda " was the motivating factor for the article .
Elsewhere in the leaked emails , Catterson is quoted as using phrases like , " I say F her , she 's proven she 's one of ' them ' now ! " ( June 18 , 2008 at 2:38 PM ) and , " So as far as I 'm concerned , the gloves are off ! " ( June 13 , 2008 at 12:59 PM ) , when discussing Susan Carpenter .
Advertisement
" Dexter wrote a number of different versions of his Susan Carpenter editorial , the first few of which were character assassinations fueled , I believe , by his desire to have her job , " Catterson said when we asked him about the disparity between the emails and the termination letter .
" Dexter has written for the Los Angeles Times before , but not about motorcycling , at least that I 'm aware of .
I refused to publish those , but agreed to publish a later version he rewrote on the heels of her ill - researched piece on motorcycle emissions .
Thus my ' feed her to the dogs ' comment , which was obviously intended for his eyes only . "
Let 's move on to the Snell press conference at which Ford allegedly embarrassed himself and the magazine .
Looking at the emails , Catterson appears to assign Ford to the conference on April 22 , 2009 .
On June 22 , Ford sends an email to Catterson in which he says , in reference to Snell , " I 'm studying to ambush the [ expletive deleted ] .
It will be fun . "
Advertisement
According to the next email ( June 18 , 2009 at 9:54 AM ) , Catterson does n't appear to have any problem with " ambush[ing ] the [ expletive deleted ] , " responding , " So ambush away , then get writing !
Again , this is going to be our lead news story ... "
If " ambushing [ expletive deleted ] " equates to embarrassing behavior , then why did n't Catterson put a stop to it ahead of time , as it appears he had the opportunity to do ?
Advertisement
Included in the email chain ( August 4 , 2009 at 10:11 AM ) appears to be a follow up from Motorcyclist 's western advertising manager , who spoke to Shoei and Helmet House ( both heavily invested in Snell - rated helmets ) after Ford 's news article about the Snell press conference was published .
Nowhere in it is any mention of bad behavior ; in fact , the email indicates both companies and everyone else the ad manager spoke to appear to be pleased with the story .
The opening paragraph of that email reads : " First of all , I 'm pleased to report that the Snell 2010 story has been well received .
Shoei , Helmet House , and everyone else I have spoken to since the story broke feels that the article was objective and well written . "
If Ford had acted offensively in front of advertisers , would n't they have mentioned it the next time Motorcyclist 's ad sales guy came calling ?
Advertisement
We asked Ford to describe his behavior at the press conference .
" I behaved at that press conference like any good reporter should : I asked tough questions , " he told us .
" And when they did n't give me real answers , I refused to let them off the hook until they did . "
" Motorcyclist fired me — because Arai and Shoei did n't like a helmet - standards piece I wrote for the New York Times , " Ford told us .
Advertiser Pressure and Ford's Motorcyclist Articles
Advertisement
In an email thread dated August 18 , 2009 , Catterson appears to respond to a further Snell story pitch from Ford by saying ( 3:53 PM ) , " [ Expletive deleted ] it .
I 'm done with Snell and the controversy .
It 's a no - win situation . "
Catterson goes on to elaborate on that point after Ford asserts the story 's importance ( August 18 , 2009 at 5:16 PM ) : " I know , I know .
But Arai is already pissed off that you wrote anything about Snell again , and we can't afford to lose them like we did last time .
We only just got them back !
And given the state of advertising right now , we can't afford to lose another major advertiser .
There 's already talk of going back to saddlestitch and dropping below our 100 - page minimum book size .
And more importantly , I fear for my job !
Sorry . "
That 's the last email thread included in the leak before Catterson appears to approach Ford about the writer 's Times piece , that email asserts not only that the newspaper article will cost Motorcyclist advertising at a time when the magazine can't afford to lose it , but also that his own job is threatened unless he " [ does ] something about [ Ford ] . "
Advertisement
At one point in the leaked emails Catterson appears to put a dollar amount on some of the advertising that 's been lost due to Ford 's articles .
In an email dated January 19 , 2008 , at 11:33 AM , Catterson is quoted as writing , " Also FYI your last column cost us Arai 's and Shoei 's ads again — approximately $ 100K . "
Advertisement
What Does All This Mean ?
In these leaked emails , the alleged connection between Dexter 's helmet articles and lost advertising dollars is documented as far back as March 2007 , expressed multiple times throughout the emails , then culminates with the alleged assertion that the September 25 , 2009 , Times article " is likely to cost [ Motorcyclist ] Arai and Shoei advertising — again . "
( September 30 , 2009 at 3:25 PM )
A fine point is put on the connection between the will of advertisers and Dexter 's termination when Catterson allegedly says it 's his job or Ford's .
Advertisement
" Motorcyclist clearly lets their advertisers dictate not just what they run , and the opinions expressed on their products , but also who their writers are , " says Ford .
" And even what their writers write for real , world - class papers like the New York Times . "
" As a professional moto - journalist since 1986 , I firmly believe in separation of ' church and state , ' and have always told it like it is , never mind the repercussions , " Catterson told us .
Throughout the leaked emails Catterson appears to be enthusiastic , even excited about Ford 's articles and writing .
The tone reflects that right up until August 2009 when assertions like , " I fear for my job ! " begin to appear .
( August 18 , 2009 at 5:16 PM )
Catterson actually sounds like a great editor , working hard to ensure his writer has assignments he 's enthusiastic about and working with Ford to get the best out of his writing .
Sadly , it appears that Catterson could have been placed in the unenviable position , after supporting his writer through previous instances of lost advertising , of choosing between his own job and that of Ford 's due to advertiser pressure .
Advertisement
There 's no link made in the emails between unethical practices at Motorcyclist and Source Interlink Media ( the magazine 's publisher ) other than Catterson 's apparent assertion that " None of that matters to the brass when two of our biggest advertisers are threatening to yank their ads " ( September 30 , 2009 at 4:21 PM ) and the connection that can logically be drawn between the editor - in - chief 's job allegedly being threatened and that alleged threat coming from Source Interlink Media staff senior to the editor - in - chief at one of the titles they own .
Source Interlink Media also publishes motorcycle titles like Sport Rider , Dirt Rider , ATV Rider , Hot Bike and Super Streetbike , as well as popular titles outside the motorcycle world such as Motor Trend and Automobile Magazine .
Unfortunately , looking at the big picture , these leaked emails have severe implications for Motorcyclist 's credibility , suggesting an editorial environment where profit is put before ethical behavior .
Advertisement
Ford asks , " If you were a Motorcyclist staffer , and you understood what happened to me , would you make sure your next road test took full account of who advertises , how much , and how cranky they might be ? "
Sources : MC24.no , The New York Times , Motorcyclist , Source Interlink Media
This article originally appeared on Hell For Leather on July 7th , 2010 .
CIPHER MACHINES AND CRYPTOLOGY Visual Cryptography Home
What is Visual Cryptography Visual Cryptography is a special encryption technique to hide information in images in such a way that it can be decrypted by the human vision if the correct key image is used .
The technique was proposed by Naor and Shamir in 1994 .
Visual Cryptography uses two transparent images .
One image contains random pixels and the other image contains the secret information .
It is impossible to retrieve the secret information from one of the images .
Both transparent images or layers are required to reveal the information .
The easiest way to implement Visual Cryptography is to print the two layers onto a transparent sheet .
When the random image contains truely random pixels it can be seen as a one - time pad system and will offer unbreakable encryption .
In the overlay animation you can observe the two layers sliding over each other until they are correctly aligned and the hidden information appears .
To try this yourself , you can copy the example layers 1 and 2 , and print them onto a transparent sheet or thin paper .
Always use a program that displays the black and white pixels correctly and set the printer so that all pixels are printed accurate ( no diffusion or photo enhancing etc ) .
You can also copy and past them on each other in a drawing program like paint and see the result immediately , but make sure to select transparent drawing and align both layers exactly over each other .
Layer 1 Layer 2 Overlay How Visual Cryptography works
Each pixel of the images is divided into smaller blocks .
There are always the same number white ( transparent ) and black blocks .
If a pixel is divided into two parts , there are one white and one black block .
If the pixel is divided into four equal parts , there are two white and two black blocks .
The example images from above uses pixels that are divided into four parts .
In the table on the right we can see that a pixel , divided into four parts , can have six different states .
If a pixel on layer 1 has a given state , the pixel on layer 2 may have one of two states : identical or inverted to the pixel of layer 1 .
If the pixel of layer 2 is identical to layer 1 , the overlayed pixel will be half black and half white .
Such overlayed pixel is called grey or empty .
If the pixels of layer 1 and 2 are inverted or opposite , the overlayed version will be completely black .
This is an information pixel .
We can now create the two layers .
One transparent image , layer 1 , has pixels which all have a random state , one of the six possible states .
Layer 2 is identical to layer 1 , except for the pixels that should be black ( contain information ) when overlayed .
These pixels have a state that is opposite to the same pixel in layer 1 .
If both images are overlayed , the areas with identical states will look gray , and the areas with opposite states will be black .
The system of pixel can be applied in different ways .
In our example , each pixel is divided into four blocks .
However , you can also use pixels , divided into two rectangle blocks , or even divided circles .
Also , it does n't matter if the pixel is divided horizontally or vertically .
There are many different pixel systems , some with better contrast , higher resolution or even with color pixels .
If the pixel states of layer 1 are truly ( crypto secure ) random , both empty and information pixels of layer 2 will also have completely random states .
One cannot know if a pixel in layer 2 is used to create a grey or black pixel , since we need the state of that pixel in layer 1 ( which is random ) to know the overlay result .
If all requirements for true randomness are fulfilled , Visual Cryptography offers absolute secrecy according to the Information Theory .
If Visual Cryptography is used for secure communications , the sender will distribute one or more random layers 1 in advance to the receiver .
If the sender has a message , he creates a layer 2 for a particular distributed layer 1 and sends it to the receiver .
The receiver aligns the two layers and the secret information is revealed , this without the need for an encryption device , a computer or performing calculations by hand .
The system is unbreakable , as long as both layers do n't fall in the wrong hands .
When one of both layers is intercepted it 's impossible to retrieve the encrypted information .
Visual Cryptography is therefore also a form of secure secret splitting where the two secret shares are requited to retrieve the original information .
Additional information
One - time pad description of one - time pad encryption
Secret Splitting secure method to share a secret
Visual Cryptography Kit Software to create image layers
Visual Crypto Page by Doug Stinson
Extended Visual Cryptography ( pdf ) by Mizuho Nakajima and Yasushi Yamaguchi
Visual Cryptography Paper by Moni Noar and Adi Shamir
Visual Crypto Talk ( pdf ) by Frederik Vercauteren ESAT Leuven
© Copyright 2004 - 2020 Dirk Rijmenants Home
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 1 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 2 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 3 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 4 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 5 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 6 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 7 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 8 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 9 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 10 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 11 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 12 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 13 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 14 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 15 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 16 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 17 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 18 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 19 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 20 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 21 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 22 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 23 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 24 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 25 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 26 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 27 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 28 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 29 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 30 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 31 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 32 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 33 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 34 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 35 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 36 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 37 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 38 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 39 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 40 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 41 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 42 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 43 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 44 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 45 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 46 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 47 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 48 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 49 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 50 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 51 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 52 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 53 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 54 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 55 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 56 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 57 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 58 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 59 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 60 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 61 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 62 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 63 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 64 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 65 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 66 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 67 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 68 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 69 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 70 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 71 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 72 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 73 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 76 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 75 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 76 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 77 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 78 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 79 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 80 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 81 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 82 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 83 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 84 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 85 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 86 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 87 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 88 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 89 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 90 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 91 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 92 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 93 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 94 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 95 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 96 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 97 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 98 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 99 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 100 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" Nobel Peace Prize "
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 23 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" Lightning 's Golden Rape Wrench "
( equipped )
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 76 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 101 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" Sicmendor 's Wrench "
Level 25 Wrench
" #60 .
Its hypnotic look may tempt enemies to get touched by it .
Damage
= Normal W "
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 60 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
" Imbuída con poder de anciano "
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 37 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" Sparkles the Wonder Wrench "
Level 25 Wrench
" Nope . "
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 25 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 6 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
" Ur my bitch now ! "
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 97 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" Fake Innocence ™ "
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 3 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 92 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" FaKeR "
Level 25 Wrench
" Стан ь Куско м Золото , Цена - Твоя Жизн ь
! "
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 93 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 67 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" Gold Blooded "
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
killstreak idleeffect ( 2 )
killstreak tier ( 2 )
Wrench index ( 30 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 42 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
" No . 43 "
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 43 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" Fuck you "
Level 25 Wrench
" かわいいものは何でも好き だ "
turn to gold ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 19 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" ' Flake ' "
Level 25 Wrench
" I was making statues before they were cool ! "
turn to gold ( 1 )
killstreak idleeffect ( 2 )
killstreak tier ( 2 )
Wrench index ( 99 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
killstreak tier ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 17 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" That "
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
killstreak tier ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 8 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
killstreak tier ( 1 )
Wrench index ( 53 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
The Golden Wrench
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
killstreak effect ( 2002 )
killstreak idleeffect ( 2 )
killstreak tier ( 3 )
Wrench index ( 98 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
" ZAEBIS POZOLOTIL !!! "
Level 25 Wrench
turn to gold ( 1 )
killstreak effect ( 2007 )
killstreak idleeffect ( 2 )
killstreak tier ( 3 )
Wrench index ( 21 )
( Not Tradable or Marketable )
DETROIT , June 17 ( UPI ) --
Possession of small amounts of marijuana on private property could soon be legal in Detroit , organizers of a legalization effort said .
The city council 's internal operations committee decided Wednesday against amending the proposed ordinance , the Detroit Free Press reported .
The last step is election commission approval of the language for the November ballot .
Advertisement
The ordinance would allow anyone 21 or older to possess less than an ounce of marijuana on private property without fear of arrest .
Medical marijuana for registered users has been legal in Detroit since a 2004 referendum .
Tim Beck , a registered medical marijuana user , spearheaded the effort to get the legalization ordinance on the ballot .
He argues police will be able to focus on " crimes with actual victims . "
Dennis Mazurek , an assistant corporation counsel , told the city council committee the ordinance conflicts with Michigan state law , which take precedence .
But Beck is confident of victory .
" It 's going to win -- I have no doubt of that , " he said .
Indian directors have as much right to make movies about Hitler as anyone else , but a forthcoming film about the Nazi dictator 's ' love ' for the country displays a shocking ignorance of history
A first - time Indian director , Rakesh Ranjan Kumar , has announced that he will make a movie about Adolf Hitler .
Dear Friend Hitler stars Indian actors Anupam Kher and Neha Dhupia as Hitler and Eva Braun , and will focus on what the director claims was " Hitler 's love for India and how he indirectly contributed to Indian independence " .
Western productions have occasionally attempted to make fun of Hitler , ranging from successes like The Producers to fiascos like Heil Honey , I 'm Home .
But Dear Friend Hitler is not a traditional Bollywood musical , and makes no claim to comedy .
" It aims to capture the personality of Adolf Hitler and his insecurities , his charisma and his paranoia during the last few days of his life , " Kumar says .
In other words , this is Downfall – but with a positive spin .
For many westerners , Hitler remains history 's ultimate evil .
In India , awareness of the Holocaust is limited .
Characters in Bollywood films jokingly refer to bossy family members as " Hitler " – provoking a sharp intake of breath from many western viewers , who associate Hitler with crimes significantly worse than telling you to do your chores .
In 2006 , a Nazi - themed cafe opened in Mumbai with the name Hitler 's Cross .
Bollywood actor Murli Sharma attended the launch party .
Asked whether he found the name troublesome , he said : " I am not really agitated as I have not read much about the man .
However , from what I know about Hitler , I find this name rather amusing . "
Dear Friend Hitler has not yet been made , and it is too early to say whether it will be any good or not .
What can be said is that the reported comments of Kumar and one of his producers display a shocking ignorance of historical fact .
Kumar 's assertion that Hitler had a " love for India " , and his producer 's statement that " if we should thank anybody for Indian freedom , it should be Hitler " , are not merely misguided – they are completely wrong .
The idea that Hitler should be thanked for Indian independence proceeds from the view that , by weakening Britain , Germany forced it to abandon its empire .
If so , it would be more logical to thank America , on which Britain was forced to depend for loans after the war , and whose government put pressure on the British to grant Indian independence .
Hitler never supported Indian self - rule .
He advised British politicians to shoot Gandhi and hundreds of other leaders of the freedom struggle .
Repeatedly , he expressed support for British imperialism .
He only regretted that it was not harsh enough .
" If we took India , " he once threatened , the Indian people would soon long for " the good old days of English rule " .
Hitler 's support of the Indian National Army , a fascist - allied fighting force led by Subhas Chandra Bose in the 1940s , has apparently persuaded the makers of Dear Friend Hitler that the dictator loved India .
In fact , the Nazi regime 's disgust when Bose became romantically involved with a German woman revealed its true feelings .
Hitler was happy to let Bose 's recruits die fighting the British .
But he never stopped believing that Indian people were racially inferior to white Europeans , and that any attempt at Indian independence would inevitably lead to reconquest by a " superior " race .
Indian directors have as much right to make movies about Hitler as anyone else .
There is certainly no shortage of Hollywood movies that display an abject disregard for historical accuracy .
But it would be worthwhile for the makers of Dear Friend Hitler to research what Hitler really thought of India , and what he did in Europe .
Then , like the many Indian independence leaders who strongly rejected fascism , they might come to a better informed conclusion .
" Hitler and Japan must go to hell , " said independence leader Jawaharlal Nehru , later India 's first prime minister .
" I shall fight them to the end . "
If Kumar and his producers believe they are honouring the cause of Indian freedom by associating it with Hitler , they are profoundly mistaken .
MATUL REMRIT
The tale of a band of dregs who struggle to build their new home amidst strife , internal politics , and a scourge of elf attacks .
The story starts here .
MEDIA
" What makes Matul Remrit the Dwarf Fortress diary you should be reading ?
So many things ...
The bleak and deeply weird tone of it that could not be more true to the game ...
The glimmering quality of it . "
- Quintin Smith of Rock , Paper , Shotgun
Story Kevin Snow
Artwork Princess Kavallines
Music Thomas Ferkol
Editor Andi McClure
Additional Credits
WHAT IS A " LET'S PLAY " STORY ?
A game experience documented in a work of fiction .
WHAT IS DWARF FORTRESS ?
An indie game from Tarn Adamsknown for its complexity , difficulty , and AI quirkiness .
More
The resurgent interest in alternative fuels has propelled interest in using biomass “ feedstocks ” as an energy source for liquid fuel and bio-electricity generation .
But bio-fuel ( and other ‘ commodity chemicals ’ ) derived from ‘ woody ’ biomass faces one big technical challenge : how to separate the useful constituents of cellulose - based biomass ( i.e. , its six - carbon , sugar building blocks ) from the not so useful ones ( such as lignin and hemicellulose ) ?
In the past , attempts have been made to do this separation by applying acid / base compounds to the biomass , or even adding microbes to digest the tough proteins –with less than satisfying results .
Now , however , research by Ray et al , has shown promising results , and the key is a well - known variety of fungus .
Before woody ( or cellulose ) biomass can be ‘ depolymerized ’ and converted into fuel , constituents like lignin ( a tough protein ) have to be separated from the cellulose .
Recent research has shown that two types of brown rot fungus are able to do this with significantly greater efficiency .
The two types of brown - rot fungi used by Ray et al are the Coniophora puteana and Postia placenta varieties , and their research showed that a 3 to 4 week treatment of the biomass ( sapwood from pine trees in this case ) “ significant ;y enhances the release of sugars ( the actual fuel source ) by cellulose enzymes . ” *
Control experiments conducted to achieve similar , bioconversion results with other fungi proved far less successful .
This research seems to be a successful proof of principle that brown rot may be the key to efficient biomass processing that researchers have been searching for over the past few decades .
That said , while biomass / bioenergy is an attractive alternative to burning ( and extracting ) fossil fuels , all such feedstocks release CO2 when burned .
Different biomass feedstocks generate more or less carbon , but some sources of biomass are unsustainable , such as corn grown for ethanol fuel .
Further , the ( non-industrial ) burning of biomass in the developing world –especially ‘ woody ’ biomass derived from forests / woodlands –is the source of black soot aerosols which are a major contributor to atmospheric warming .
This carbon can be captured , but designing processing plants to do this will add to their cost , and then , all this captured carbon has to be ‘ sequestered ’ somewhere , which also adds to the cost .
A forest is far more useful–in terms of ‘ ecosystem services ’–as a carbon sink , than as a fuel source .
Also , biomass conversion to electricity ( bioelectricity ) is significantly more efficient than its conversion to liquid fuel ( see my older , ecolocalizer article : ISO Efficient Bioenergy : Ethanol vs. Bioelectricity )
* Quoted from the Editors ’ Choice news blurb in the 28 May , 2010 edition of Science ( author JSY ) .
The actual research results were published in the March 2010 edition of the journal of Biomass Bioenergy .
Image : biomass - bioconversion Pilot Plant ( College Station , Texas )
Image caption The Pope received a rapturous reception from the crowd of priests
Pope Benedict XVI has strongly defended the Catholic Church 's rule of celibacy for priests , speaking to 10,000 priests in St Peter 's Square in Rome .
He called it a sign of faith in an increasingly secular world .
But the Pope made no reference to the paedophile priests scandal that has rocked the Church in recent months .
The rally of priests from more than 90 nations was one of the largest gatherings of clergy ever seen at the Vatican .
The evening gathering marked the end of the Catholic Church 's international year of the priest .
The Pope is due to celebrate a final Mass on Friday .
TV link - up
Although most of the clergy present were Italians , the priests came from more than 90 different nations countries .
In a satellite TV link - up , priests working in different parts of the world also spoke of their work .
Pope Benedict spent 40 minutes answering questions from five priests - one from each continent - but he made no reference to the paedophile priest scandals .
However , a front page editorial in the Vatican newspaper , Osservatore Romano , commented that the wounds caused by clerical sexual abuse would take time to heal .
The BBC's David Willey , in Rome , says that the atmosphere at the Vatican as the international year of the priest ends is decidedly upbeat .
This is despite the Pope 's frank admission that the diminishing number of new vocations for the priesthood is a worrying trend in many parts of the world , our correspondent adds .
Update 24 June 2010 :
This story refers to the Pope 's address to priests on Thursday 10 June .
Later , on Friday 11 June he did refer to the abuse scandal , saying : " And so it happened that , in this very year of joy for the sacrament of the priesthood , the sins of priests came to light - particularly the abuse of the little ones ...
We too insistently beg forgiveness from God and from the persons involved . "
How to stop the Gusher in the Gulf
If there ’s one man in the world with the ability to stop the Gusher in the Gulf , it ’s MacGyver .
Give that man a Swiss army knife , a roll of duct tape , a paper clip , a rubber band and a garden hose and he ’ll plug that thing faster than President Obama can say , “ It ’s Bush ’s fault . ”
Now that the Supreme Court of the United States has decided that the Second Amendment to the Constitution means that individual Americans have a right to bear arms , what can we expect ?
Those who have no confidence in ordinary Americans may expect a bloodbath , as the benighted masses start shooting each other , now that they can no longer be denied guns by their betters .
People who think we should n't be allowed to make our own medical decisions , or decisions about which schools our children attend , certainly are not likely to be happy with the idea that we can make our own decisions about how to defend ourselves .
When you stop and think about it , there is no obvious reason why issues like gun control should be ideological issues in the first place .
It is ultimately an empirical question whether allowing ordinary citizens to have firearms will increase or decrease the amount of violence .
Many people who are opposed to gun laws which place severe restrictions on ordinary citizens owning firearms have based themselves on the Second Amendment to the Constitution .
But , while the Supreme Court must make the Second Amendment the basis of its rulings on gun control laws , there is no reason why the Second Amendment should be the last word for the voting public .
If the end of gun control leads to a bloodbath of runaway shootings , then the Second Amendment can be repealed , just as other Constitutional Amendments have been repealed .
Laws exist for people , not people for laws .
There is no point arguing , as many people do , that it is difficult to amend the Constitution .
The fact that it does n't happen very often does n't mean that it is difficult .
The people may not want it to happen , even if the intelligentsia are itching to change it .
When the people wanted it to happen , the Constitution was amended 4 times in 8 years , from 1913 through 1920 .
What all this means is that judges and the voting public have different roles .
There is no reason why judges should " consider the basic values that underlie a constitutional provision and their contemporary significance , " as Justice Stephen Breyer said in his dissent against the Supreme Court 's gun control decision .
But , as the great Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes said , his job was " to see that the game is played according to the rules whether I like them or not . "
If the public does n't like the rules , or the consequences to which the rules lead , then the public can change the rules via the ballot box .
But that is very different from judges changing the rules by verbal sleight of hand , or by talking about " weighing of the constitutional right to bear arms " against other considerations , as Justice Breyer puts it .
That 's not his job .
Not if " we the people " are to govern ourselves , as the Constitution says .
As for the merits or demerits of gun control laws themselves , a vast amount of evidence , both from the United States and from other countries , shows that keeping guns out of the hands of law - abiding citizens does not keep guns out of the hands of criminals .
It is not uncommon for a tightening of gun control laws to be followed by an increase -- not a decrease -- in gun crimes , including murder .
Conversely , there have been places and times where an increase in gun ownership has been followed by a reduction in crimes in general and murder in particular .
Unfortunately , the media intelligentsia tend to favor gun control laws , so a lot of hard facts about the futility , or the counterproductive consequences of such laws , never reach the public through the media .
We hear a lot about countries with stronger gun control laws than the United States that have lower murder rates .
But we very seldom hear about countries with stronger gun control laws than the United States that have higher murder rates , such as Russia and Brazil .
The media , like Justice Breyer , might do well to reflect on what is their job and what is the voting public 's job .
The media 's job should be to give us the information to make up our own minds , not slant and filter the news to fit the media 's vision .
MEXICO CITY — A popular candidate for governor who had made increased security his prime campaign pledge was killed along with at least four others Monday morning in a brazen attack , rattling a nation already alarmed by surging drug violence .
Despite years of atrocities tied to drug gangs , the killing of a candidate who was widely considered the front - runner just days before voters go to the polls drew unusually wide condemnation , and it drove election - related violence to a level not seen in Mexico in years .
“ This was an act not only against a candidate of a political party but against democratic institutions , and it requires a united and firm response from all those who work for democracy , ” a stern - faced President Felipe Calderón , who has found his presidency repeatedly bogged down by drug violence , said in a nationally televised address .
Gunmen with automatic weapons opened fire on the motorcade of the candidate , Rodolfo Torre Cantú , 46 , as he headed to an event in the closing days of the campaign , the authorities said .
The murders came during a rise in election - related violence in recent months , including the shooting deaths of a mayoral candidate and of an activist during a get - out - the - vote effort .
Explosives have also been thrown at two separate campaign offices this month .
Image caption Paulette 's disappearance sparked a huge publicity campaign
A regional attorney general has resigned in Mexico after his handling of a case involving the death of a young girl led to a public outcry .
Mexico state 's Alberto Bazbaz oversaw the inquiry into the disappearance of Paulette Gebara Farah , four .
The girl was found suffocated , wedged at the foot of her own bed , nine days after she went missing , and her death declared an accident .
Questions have been raised over the state 's justice system .
Fevered search
Paulette , who had difficulty walking and talking , was reported missing from her family 's flat in Huixquilucan , an upmarket suburb of Mexico City , on 22 March .
Her disappearance generated much publicity , with missing posters going up across the capital .
A campaign to find her was launched on social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
After she had been missing for nine days , police finally found her body as they recreated events on the night she disappeared .
They discovered her squeezed in between the mattress and the bed frame .
She is believed to have suffocated the same day she went missing .
Asked how police could have overlooked the body , Mr Babaz said they had been concentrating their search efforts outside the home .
Mr Babaz had earlier declared the case a " homicide investigation " , and both parents and two nannies were questioned .
But on Friday , investigators said the girl 's death had been accidental .
Political fallout
Speaking at a news conference on Tuesday , Mr Babaz said that the investigation had been conducted " in strict compliance with the law " .
Only a week earlier , he had said errors had been made , such as not searching the girl 's room thoroughly .
Mr Babaz said that in order for his office to carry out its duties properly it needed the trust and support of the people it served .
" Once that 's lost , it 's impossible to carry on , " he said .
But Mr Bazbaz 's resignation has not satisfied opposition politicians who believe the case highlights serious shortcomings in the state 's justice system .
Leader of the opposition PRD party Jesus Ortega said the governor of Mexico state , Enrique Pena Nieto , should take responsibility for the failures in the investigation .
" Around 100 police went through this room of 10 metres ... sniffer dogs searched it and they never found the body ... who do they want to protect ? " he asked .
He demanded an investigation into what had " really happened " .
In the past week , both the Washington Post and the New York Times have referred to WikiLeaks.org , the web site that publishes confidential records , as a “ whistleblower ” site .
This conforms to WikiLeaks ’ own instructions to journalists that “ WikiLeaks should be described , depending on context , as the ‘ open government group ’ , ‘ anti- corruption group ’ , ‘ transparency group ’ or ‘ whistleblower ’s site ’ . ”
But calling WikiLeaks a whistleblower site does not accurately reflect the character of the project .
It also does not explain why others who are engaged in open government , anti-corruption and whistleblower protection activities are wary of WikiLeaks or disdainful of it .
And it does not provide any clue why the Knight Foundation , the preeminent foundation funder of innovative First Amendment and free press initiatives , might have rejected WikiLeaks ’ request for financial support , as it recently did .
From one perspective , WikiLeaks is a creative response to a real problem afflicting the U.S. and many other countries , namely the over - control of government information to the detriment of public policy .
WikiLeaks has published a considerable number of valuable official records that had been kept unnecessarily secret and were otherwise unavailable , including some that I had attempted and failed to obtain myself .
Its most spectacular disclosure was the formerly classified videotape showing an attack by a U.S. Army helicopter crew in Baghdad in 2007 which led to the deaths of several non-combatants .
Before mostly going dormant late last year , it also published numerous documents that have no particular policy significance or that were already placed in the public domain by others ( including a few that were taken from the FAS web site ) .
WikiLeaks says that it is dedicated to fighting censorship , so a casual observer might assume that it is more or less a conventional liberal enterprise committed to enlightened democratic policies .
But on closer inspection that is not quite the case .
In fact , WikiLeaks must be counted among the enemies of open society because it does not respect the rule of law nor does it honor the rights of individuals .
Last year , for example , WikiLeaks published the “ secret ritual ” of a college women ’s sorority called Alpha Sigma Tau .
Now Alpha Sigma
Tau ( like several other sororities “ exposed ” by WikiLeaks ) is not known to have engaged in any form of misconduct , and WikiLeaks does not allege that it has .
Rather , WikiLeaks chose to publish the group ’s confidential ritual just because it could .
This is not whistleblowing and it is not journalism .
It is a kind of information vandalism .
In fact , WikiLeaks routinely tramples on the privacy of non-governmental , non-corporate groups for no valid public policy reason .
It has published private rites of Masons , Mormons and other groups that cultivate confidential relations among their members .
Most or all of these groups are defenseless against WikiLeaks ’ intrusions .
The only weapon they have is public contempt for WikiLeaks ’ ruthless violation of their freedom of association , and even that has mostly been swept away in a wave of uncritical and even adulatory reporting about the brave “ open government , ” “ whistleblower ” site .
On occasion , WikiLeaks has engaged in overtly unethical behavior .
Last year , without permission , it published the full text of the highly regarded 2009 book about corruption in Kenya called “ It ’s Our Turn to Eat ” by investigative reporter Michela Wrong ( as first reported by Chris McGreal in The Guardian on April 9 ) .
By posting a pirated version of the book and making it freely available , WikiLeaks almost certainly disrupted sales of the book and made it harder for Ms. Wrong and other anti-corruption reporters to perform their important work and to get it published .
Repeated protests and pleas from the author were required before WikiLeaks ( to its credit ) finally took the book offline .
“ Soon enough , ” observed Raffi Khatchadourian in a long profile of WikiLeaks ’ Julian Assange in The New Yorker ( June 7 ) , “ Assange must confront the paradox of his creation : the thing that he seems to detest most–power without accountability –is encoded in the site ’s DNA , and will only become more pronounced as WikiLeaks evolves into a real institution . ”
Much could be forgiven to WikiLeaks if it were true that its activities were succeeding in transforming government information policy in favor of increased openness and accountability — as opposed to merely generating reams of publicity for itself .
WikiLeaks supporter Glenn Greenwald of Salon.com wrote that when it comes to combating government secrecy , “ nobody is doing that as effectively as WikiLeaks . ”
But he neglected to spell out exactly what effect WikiLeaks has had .
Which U.S. government programs have been cancelled as a result of Wikileaks ’ activities ?
Which government policies have been revised ?
How has public discourse shifted ?
( And , by the way , who has been injured by its work ? )
A less sympathetic observer might conclude that WikiLeaks has squandered much of the impact that it might have had .
A telling comparison can be made between WikiLeaks ’ publication of the Iraq Apache helicopter attack video last April and The New Yorker ’s publication of the Abu Ghraib abuse photographs in an article by Seymour Hersh in May 2004 .
Both disclosures involved extremely graphic and disturbing images .
Both involved unreleased or classified government records .
And both generated a public sensation .
But there the similarity ends .
The Abu Ghraib photos prompted lawsuits , congressional hearings , courts martial , prison sentences , declassification initiatives , and at least indirectly a revision of U.S. policy on torture and interrogation .
By contrast , the WikiLeaks video tendentiously packaged under the title “ Collateral Murder ” produced none of that – no investigation ( other than a leak investigation ) , no congressional hearings , no lawsuits , no tightening of the rules of engagement .
Just a mild scolding from the Secretary of Defense , and an avalanche of publicity for WikiLeaks .
Of course , it ’s hard for anyone to produce a specific desired outcome from the national security bureaucracy , and maybe WikiLeaks ca n’t be faulted for failing to have done so .
But with the whole world ’s attention at its command for a few days last April , it could have done more to place the focus on the victims of the incident that it had documented , perhaps even establishing a charitable fund to assist their families .
But that ’s not what it chose to do .
Instead , the focus remained firmly fixed on WikiLeaks itself and its own ambitious fundraising efforts .
In perhaps the first independent review of the WikiLeaks project , the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation considered and rejected an application from WikiLeaks for financial support .
The Knight Foundation was actively looking for grantees who could promote innovative uses of digital technology in support of the future development of journalism .
At the end of the process , more than $ 2.7 million was awarded to 12 promising recipients .
WikiLeaks was not among them .
“ Every year some applications that are popular among advisors do n’t make the cut after Knight staff conducts due diligence , ” said Knight Foundation spokesman Marc Fest in response to an inquiry from Yahoo news .
“ WikiLeaks was not recommended by Knight staff to the board . ”
We 've sensed that something 's been up with the HP Slate for a while now , and it looks like we 've finally gotten the first solid confirmation that the Windows 7 tablet as unveiled by Steve Ballmer at CES in January wo n't hit the consumer market as planned -- speaking at the Brainstorm Tech conference , HP Personal Systems Group VP Todd Bradley just said that the Slate will be " more customer - specific than broadly deployed , " and that it would launch the Microsoft - based tablet " for the enterprise " in the fall .
That fits right in with HP telling us the other day that it was in " customer evaluations " as it prepared for the " next steps , " and based on followup comments from Bradley and Palm head Jon Rubinstein , it certainly sounded like the company will focus Windows tablets at the enterprise and develop a variety of webOS devices for the consumer market .
Of course , there 's no official announcement yet , so we 'll see what happens -- the only thing that we can confidently say is that the HP Slate has definitely succeeded the iPad as the tech industry 's favorite vaporware tablet
Cuts to the reimbursements given to doctors who treat patients covered by the state 's low - income health care program are raising fears that already declining physician participation will fall even further , according to a published report .
The health care and insurance industries fear that a 1 percent cut in Medicaid fees scheduled to take effect Sept.
1 will be the first in a series of cuts as state agencies are asked to trim their two - year budgets by 10 percent to help cover an expected $ 18 billion revenue shortfall , The Dallas Morning News reported Sunday .
About 3.3 million poor and disabled Texans depend on Medicaid for health care , but less than a third of the state 's 48,700 practicing doctors accept patients covered by the federal program , according to Texas Health and Human Services Commission .
And some doctors who do participate in the program limit the number and kind of patients they accept .
The commission , which administers the program in Texas , is among the state agencies that state leaders expect to cut spending .
Thomas Suehs , the commission 's top executive , said he realizes the bind that physicians find themselves in .
" No one ever wants to cut Medicaid , " commission spokeswoman Stephanie Goodman said .
But , she noted , " it 's 75 percent of our budget .
So when you start to identify places to reduce our budget , it gets very hard to skip Medicaid . "
Dr. Lou Montanaro , a suburban Dallas obstetrician , said he wanted to stay in the Medicaid program , but low reimbursement levels have prompted him to restrict the Medicaid cases he takes .
He accepts pregnant patients , but not women seeking gynecological care .
Montanaro believes that reimbursement levels will continue to decline , which will prompt more doctors to decide to restrict or stop taking Medicaid patients .
" They 're going to try to expand the rolls of Medicaid ... and at the same time they want to reduce the reimbursement to doctors , " he said .
" With the ( pay ) trend going downwards , I do n't see additional physicians signing up .
It 's just not going to happen . "
A survey by the Texas Medical Association , the state 's largest physicians interest group , showed that 45 percent of its members who responded said they would limit how many Medicaid patients they would treat if the Medicaid fees were cut by 1 or 2 percent , while another 24 percent said they would stop accepting any Medicaid patients .
The issue is one of financial survival , said Tom Banning , the association 's lobbyist .
He said Medicaid pays about 70 percent of what Medicare , a federal insurance program for people age 65 or older , pays for the same service .
Commercial insurers are also lowering their rates , he said .
In planning their business survival strategies , doctors " have tended to look at what is the lowest - paying part of the market , which is Medicaid .
It 's not a hard economic decision , " Banning said .
Image caption Twelve Africa peacekeepers died in the attack on 29 September 2007
Two Darfur rebel leaders have surrendered to the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
The men , Abdallah Banda Abakaer Nourain and Saleh Mohammed Jerbo Jamus , were secretly indicted last year .
They are wanted for war crimes in connection with the deaths of 12 African Union peacekeepers in 2007 .
Earlier this year , charges against another rebel leader to do with the same attack were dropped because of lack of evidence .
ICC judges ruled prosecutors could not prove that Bahr Idriss Abu Garda , who also gave himself up voluntarily , had planned the attack on the Haskanita AU camp in September 2007 .
Charges
In a statement , the ICC said the two suspects would face the following three war crimes charges when they appear before the chamber on Thursday :
Murder
Intentionally directing attacks against peacekeeping personnel
Stealing property
" It is alleged that the attackers , numbering approximately 1,000 , were armed with anti-aircraft guns , artillery guns and rocket - propelled grenade launchers , " the statement said .
In January 2008 , the UN took joint control of the peacekeeping force in Darfur with increased numbers and a stronger mandate .
Last year , Sudan 's President Omar al - Bashir was indicted on war crimes , which were the first issued by the ICC against a sitting president .
He strongly denies the charges - and his government says figures of those killed in the Darfur conflict have been massively exaggerated .
According to the UN , an estimated 300,000 people have been killed in Darfur and more than 2.6 million displaced since ethnic rebels took up arms in 2003 .
A government minister and pro-government militia leader have also been indicted for alleged war crimes in Darfur .
What Are Commercial Locksmith Services ?
- Fundamentals Explained
A locksmith is someone who works with locks on windows , doors , safes , vehicles , etc .
Locksmiths install , repair , and adjust locks in everything from vehicles to office buildings , and they also offer services to people who are locked out or individuals who want to consult with someone about their security systems .
Locksmiths are responsible for many different lock and key responsibilities .
The quick and general answer would be that locksmiths handle lockouts , lock installations , lock rekeying , cutting and programming car keys , installing peepholes , and much more .
They repair , replace , install , and change out lock and key hardware on cars , houses , commercial properties , and more .
Locksmiths are skilled tradesman who install , adjust and repair commercial , residential and automotive locks and security devices .
Locksmiths fabricate and duplicate locking keys , change lock combinations , and bypass locks when authorized .
Their skill and knowledge in installing and repairing conventional security hardware and lock sets take them to work in residential , commercial and industrial establishments that require varying levels of physical security to protect them from unauthorized entry .
locksmith auto services locksmith auto services
While it is true that this is their best known tasks , they also do several other things :
Locksmiths can cut keys for locks in residential and commercial buildings , vehicles , safes , windows , etc. - Locksmiths are able to provide , service , and repair window and door locks , two of the most common types of locks for residential and commercial use .
Many locksmiths are able to provide an auto locksmithing service to their clients where people are given access to opening their car door if they ’ve locked keys in their vehicle .
Locksmiths can also program or reprogram remote keys and transponder keys , repair car key fobs , or provide a new key for the vehicle - locksmith .
What Can A Locksmith Do? Can Be Fun For Everyone
locksmith car service locksmith car service
There are numerous locksmith professionals that offer after hour services if people have actually lost their keys , are locked out , or require locks changed and altered .
When a locksmith professional sets up locks in a structure , she or he normally ends up being that structure ’s default locksmith professional , since of his / her assumed familiarity with the structure ’s locks .
They likewise keep records of the kinds of locks utilized in a structure , replacement or repair carried out , and any other appropriate info , such as connection with a security system which requires that a code be gone into when a door is opened .
Market security lock systems , keyless entry locks , essential control systems , window bars and heavy window or door deadbolts Repair work or change harmed elements of entryway and exit doors Repair work and change broken windows and door locks , hinges and electrical locking release systems Analyze locking systems and produce keys to change lost or harmed keys
Help customers in opening doors when keys are lost or in altering lock mixes by placing brand - new pins into locksets Style and establish master essential systems for banks , power plants , producing plants , storage facilities , and apartment building Set up and fix electrical strikes and electronic security hardware Modification lock mixes on safe and vault doors Produce keys from code Replicate keys for homes , stores , outlet store and storage facility as an industrial service
Open safes when the mix is unidentified and modification mixes and make repair work to safe locks when needed Locksmith professionals have unique characters .
They like jobs that are tactile , physical , athletic , or mechanical .
A few of them are likewise traditional , indicating they ’re diligent and conservative .
Does this seem like you ?
Take our totally free profession test to discover if locksmith professional is among your leading profession matches .
Locksmith professionals can be discovered utilized in conventional locksmith professional business , in security companies , or working as independent locksmith professionals .
locksmith car service locksmith car service
Locksmithing is extremely accurate work .
Much of the task is dealing with little , complex parts that need strong hand eye coordination , persistence and attention to information - 24 hour locksmith .
Depending upon the position , locksmith professionals might need to work irregular hours and in different places and conditions .
While much of the work is independent , you must like individuals and delight in offering a service for them .
Your typical locksmith professional is more than simply an expert lockout service .
Locksmith professionals concentrate on cutting keys , altering the locks , and usually securing houses and facilities from unapproved entry through making use of lock and crucial systems .
- Locksmiths cut keys for all kinds of locks ; from cabinet locks , safes , houses , organisations , and lorries .
A locksmith professional can utilize lock choices or other tools to control locks into an opened position .
Locksmith professionals can aid with lorry lockouts , house lockouts , organisation lockouts , padlock eliminations , safe lockouts and far more . -
Specialized access - control locksmith professionals can manage high security locks such as electronic locks on business facilities like hotels and high security centers .
Rekeying a lock is an excellent option to altering it entirely , if the lock is still in working order .
Expert locksmith professionals can likewise carry out master keying for organisations and houses that need numerous various keys with differing levels of gain access to .-
Locksmith professionals are extremely knowledgeable in the procedure of taking locks apart in order to fix internal pieces that are broken - emergency locksmith .
Locks can typically get jammed with natural things .
emergency locksmith .
It prevails for young kids to explore keyholes , like attempting to turn them with sticks or pressing gum inside .
Locksmith professionals can likewise aid with scenarios like these .
The majority of expert locksmith professionals will supply 24 hr lock and crucial services to those who require emergency situation services .
Including additional locks is an excellent method to boost the security of a house .
Setting up extra locks is normally cost effective and fast .
Lots of house owners set up extra locks onto entry doors after an occasion such as a burglary . -
Locksmith professionals are greatly trusted for getting rid of damaged crucial particles from within locks after a secret has actually been broken off .
Not known Details About Different Types Of Locksmith Services
Locksmith professionals can likewise alter lock mixes on safes , vaults , and padlocks .
People should be truthful , trustworthy , and trustworthy in order to succeed as a locksmith professional .
Locksmith professionals are normally needed to be on call in order to deal with lockout circumstances as they develop , even if it remains in the middle of the night .
Locksmith professionals have actually been around for as long as locks have actually been , and they are n’t anticipated to go anywhere anytime quickly .
Locksmith professionals can deal with all kinds of lock and essential circumstances such as essential cutting , lock setups , lock rekeying , repair work , lockouts , and more .
Regional locksmith professionals offer numerous differed abilities to serve their clients , from people to services alike .
Locksmith professionals can deal with all kinds of lock and essential circumstances such as essential cutting , lock setups , lock rekeying , repair work , lockouts , and more .
Locksmith Solutions Longmont is a mobile locksmith professional service that is regional to Longmont , Colorado .
Our service technicians offer locksmith professional services to clients around Northern Colorado .
Our service technicians are extremely trained experts who have years of experience dealing with all kinds of lock and essential circumstances .
Locksmith professionals should have the ability to choose locks open and deal with high tension circumstances like expulsions , spousal separations , and even worse .
A mobile locksmith professional service technician should have a trustworthy business automobile in order to come to the clients job - site for services , and must delight in driving as it is a big part of the task .
UPVC locks and windows are a professional location of locksmithing , the majority of MLA locksmith professionals will have the ability to provide , fit , service and repair work windows and door locks .
Make certain you get a safe that has actually been expertly defined for your requirements and fitted effectively .
Opening safes and vaults from digital safes to call lock safes Fixing safes Providing and setting up safes
To even move big vaults and security safes .
Some locksmith professionals use a vehicle locksmith professional service whereby they can specialise in locks and keys for cars and trucks : Copying and replicating cars and truck keys Fixing cars and truck keys and locks
Shows cars and truck crucial remote keys Change lost cars and truck keys
Some expert locksmith professionals will have the ability to define , supply and set up electronic gain access to control systems .
Do not forget that locksmith professionals can deal with domestic and business homes so if you have a security requirement for your organisation then make certain you call your regional MLA accredited locksmith professional .
You need to call a MLA authorized emergency locksmith to come and provide and fit proper locks for you , they will understand the locks you ’ll require so as not to revoke your insurance coverage .
However there are a lot of services that locksmith professionals can supply aside from your simply cutting keys and fitting locks , they are : is another location of experience for locksmith professionals . )
Cutting keys by hand Maker crucial cutting Security keys Limited keys Among the most typical locations .
If your locked out at an unsociable hour , lost your keys or just require the locks changing & altering an out of hours service is readily available from some locksmith professionals .
Lubbock - Locksmith has actually been the go - to locksmith professional in Lubbock for several years .
Our regional consumers have actually counted on us as an emergency situation locksmith professional .
The dictionary specifies a locksmith professional as an expert specialist who concentrates on entry systems such as locks , door knobs , and other security functions .
While locksmith professionals as soon as dealt nearly exclusively with locks , keys ( emergency locksmith ) .
Security developments , technological advances , and safes have actually widen the scope of the trade to consist of even more than the majority of people understand .
Several people hardly ever understand simply how important a locksmith professional ’s occupation is to their every day lives , given the many entryway they stroll through every day and all the various keys and locks that secure their houses , cars and trucks , and ownerships .
Without locksmiths , we would lack the basic security we have all become so accustomed to having .
Locksmithing is thought to be one of the oldest professions in the world , dating back nearly 4,000 years to Ancient Egypt and Babylon .
Though locks were originally much larger and made of wood , the first ones worked in much the same way as locks .
They contained a series of pins and required a key in order to beunlocked ( though these keys resembled oversized wooden toothbrushes ) .
Lock technology spread without seeing many major innovations for many centuries until the increased use of metal in the 9th and 10th century led to significant advances in security and effectiveness .
As new locks were invented and their demand increased , the locksmith trade really began to come into its own .
Most started off as , or metal workers , and then began specializing in lock - making .
The growing use of locks called for more blacksmiths to focus on making locks , leading to the emergence of the name locksmith , by which they are still called today .
Locksmith industrialization caused the next major shift in the locksmithing industry as mass production diminished the need for day only locksmiths .
The locksmith trade tends to be a humble profession , though their work is necessary to ensure the security of the world in which we live .
That ’s why it should come as no surprise that famous historical figures have taken interest in the - locksmith .
An unmanned solar - powered plane has set a new world record by staying airborne continuously for a fortnight .
The Zephyr was launched two weeks ago from the US Army proving ground at Yuma in Arizona .
It has a wingspan of 22.5 metres but weighs just 53kg .
It has stayed aloft for five days longer than the previous record , set by a piloted aircraft in 1986 .
The Zephyr was designed and built by the defence technology company Qinetiq in Farnborough , Hants .
Nick Higham talked to the project director , Jon Saltmarsh , alongside a slightly smaller prototype of the plane .
by Chris Bodenner
The latest FEC filings for SarahPAC - ostensibly to support conservative candidates - show a politician serious about building a campaign of her own .
Kenneth Vogel parses the huge haul :
[ P] erhaps most indicative of a more traditional , robust political operation were the $ 330,000 in fundraising costs reflected in the report , including $ 154,000 to HSP Direct , a direct - mail vendor that put together SarahPAC ’s first direct - mail campaign .
Palin had previously used primarily online fundraising techniques , which tend to have lower overhead but cannot necessarily equal the return rate of a well - targeted but more expensive traditional direct - mail campaign .
Reid Wilson digs deeper :
What 's most notable is the number of small contributors Palin has attracted .
More than 3 /4 of her donations are listed as unitemized , meaning the individuals who wrote checks sent in less than $ 200 .
Much of Pres .
Obama 's fundraising success in '08 came from these small - dollar donors , meaning Palin has a grassroots folllowing -- one she 's started to build significantly earlier than Obama did .
Jay Newton - Small connects the dots of her of burgeoning campaign and notes that it " flies in the face of the MSM group think inside the Beltway . "
Ben Smith begins to come around :
This is a big political story , and one that has me rethinking Palin 's future a bit
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Frustrated rail commuters faced peak - hour delays of up to 15 minutes in Melbourne ’s south - east this morning , as new figures reveal train operator Metro has failed to meet punctuality targets for its seventh consecutive month .
Trains on the Cranbourne and Pakenham lines ground to a halt at 8.10 am after power was cut to the overhead wires between Westall and Clayton stations .
Metro spokesman Chris Whitefield said the outage lasted only eight minutes , however it caused knock - on delays of up to 15 minutes for other services on the lines during peak hour .
Two faulty trains at Frankston also caused delays of up to 10 minutes on the Frankston line this morning , while Mr Whitefield said at least three other trains were cancelled across the network .
The Obama administration said Thursday it would resume assistance to Indonesia ’s special forces , which had been barred from receiving U.S. military aid for more than a decade because of human - rights abuses .
The decision was criticized by a human - rights group that contends rights violations by the special forces , including their role in a campaign of violence against separatists in East Timor during the late 1990s , have never been thoroughly investigated .
The announcement came after months of negotiations with the Indonesian government , which agreed to remove several special - forces soldiers convicted of human - rights violations and committed to suspend members of the unit who were accused of abuses in the future , according to senior U.S. Defense officials .
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates informed Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of the move after arriving in Jakarta on Thursday on the fourth day of a trip to Asia .
Advertisement
In a statement to reporters at the presidential palace , Gates emphasized that the U.S. assistance to the unit would be limited initially and would not involve combat training or other forms of lethal assistance .
He added that resumption of assistance did not “ signal any lessening of the importance we place on human rights and accountability . ”
But critics questioned Thursday whether the Indonesian government ’s commitments went far enough in addressing past abuses by the 5,000 - member special forces , known as Kopassus .
Human Rights
Watch had urged the Obama administration to require the Indonesian government to take several steps , including establishment of an ad hoc tribunal to investigate the disappearance of Indonesian student activists in the late 1990s and the permanent discharge of all military personnel convicted of human - rights violations .
“ The Obama administration has just failed a key test .
This is not the way to encourage reform with a military that has yet to demonstrate a genuine commitment to accountability for serious human rights abuses , ” said Sophie Richardson , Asia advocacy director at Human Rights Watch .
“ This decision rewards Kopassus for its intransigence over abuses and effectively betrays those in Indonesia who have fought for decades for accountability and justice . ”
Advertisement
The U.S. broke off contact with Kopassus in 1999 , following allegations that it aided militias in East Timor that carried out massacres of roughly 1,400 Timorese .
In response , Congress passed a law prohibiting assistance unless the recipients had been vetted to ensure they had not committed human - rights abuses .
Some soldiers who were convicted or had serious allegations against them have left Kopassus but remained in the armed services , according to Human Rights Watch .
Lt. Gen. Sjafrie Sjamsoeddin , the organization noted in a February letter to Gates , was implicated in a massacre in East Timor while serving in Kopassus and had “ never been subjected to a credible investigation . ”
He was appointed deputy defense minister in January .
Pentagon officials argued that the Indonesian government had made strides in cleaning up the special forces and that resuming ties was important because of the central role the forces played in Indonesia , the world ’s largest Muslim country .
Many top generals in the Indonesian armed forces are drawn from Kopassus , and the unit deploys overseas as part of Indonesia ’s contribution to international peacekeeping forces .
It also can be called to assist the police with counter - terrorism missions inside Indonesia , where militant groups in recent years have periodically targeted hotels and other targets in bomb attacks .
Advertisement
Gates said that the U.S. had laid out a path for resuming ties during discussions with Indonesian officials earlier this year and that all of the U.S. conditions had been met .
One condition was that members of the unit who had been convicted of human - rights abuses be removed from the unit .
The U.S. was aware of “ fewer than a dozen ” such individuals , according to a senior Defense official who briefed reporters , speaking on condition of anonymity .
All of them have now been removed from Kopassus , the U.S. official said , though some may still be in the armed forces .
In its letter to Gates earlier this year , Human Rights Watch cited the case of Lt. Col .
Tri Hartomo , who it said was convicted of abuse leading to the 2001 death of an activist from Papua , Indonesia ’s largest province .
After his conviction , Hartomo continued to serve in a senior position in Kopassus , but he was removed earlier this year , according to the U.S. official .
“ Our ability to expand on these initial steps will depend on continued implementation of reforms within Kopassus and TNI as a whole , ” Gates said .
TNI is the acronym for the Indonesian armed forces .
Advertisement
Gates said members of Congress had been briefed in recent days on the decision and that “ by and large , the feedback I ’ve gathered is that they thought these limited steps were OK . ”
He added that the State Department , which was responsible for vetting Indonesian soldiers and had long been seen as more skeptical of the human rights reforms in Indonesia than the Pentagon , backed a limited resumption of aid .
david.cloud@latimes.com
We all know that since the dawn of time man has wanted nothing more than to get inside another person ’s mind and see what kind of stuff they are thinking about .
If you do n’t feel this desire you ’re probably not a psychologist and therefore are in serious danger of being experimented on by the government / mad scientists and just about anyone who decides they should run an experiment .
Just so you can prepare yourself here is a list of unethical experiments that could be run on you :
1 .
Robbers Cave Experiments
Thanks to sites that publish interesting lists everybody seems to know about the Stanford Prison experiment .
By now anyone you ask will tell you that this was a horrible study where university students were placed in one of two conflicting groups in order to replicate the conditions inside a prison .
The experiment was so bad that it had to be stopped weeks before it was supposed to end .
What few people know is that the same experiment was done with twelve year old kids that did n’t even know they were in an experiment , and it was done THREE TIMES !
A group of scientists led by Carolyn Wood Sherif gathered several 11 and 12 year old boys and took them on a summer camping trip , without telling anyone that this was actually an experiment .
The scientists had them divided into two groups , making sure to break apart any friendships that the boys had established previously .
Once on the campgrounds the scientists encouraged the boys to call each other names and pull pranks on the other group .
But do n’t worry they also had planned some group - building activities at the end of the whole experiment , such as cutting the water supply and let the kids figure out how to avoid thirst .
In both of the first and second experiments the boys rebelled against the experimenters , probably realizing they were mad scientists .
Of course these two experiments were not published originally ; Sherif only publicized the results from the third test where the boys apparently resolved their conflicts at the end of camp .
This prompted the scientists to declare this a successful experiment in conflict resolution ; although the study did not monitor the boys over long periods of times to see if a summer spent in a camp where they were constantly insulted did any lasting psychological damage .
This looks like a great place to conduct a traumatizing experiment
2 .
Monster study
The last study might have left you with a sliver of hope that maybe scientists did n’t run such bad experiments after all .
If that is the case , please consider the case of the monster study .
This is an experiment that tells you right from the title it ’s going to be painful to read .
The only purpose of the experiment was to destroy the self - confidence of 11 children in hopes that psychologists could discover why stuttering happens .
Even if the experiment was successful , nothing would have been gained aside from abstract knowledge ; no one is interested in making more people stutter .
Yet for some reason that is exactly what Iowa speech professor Wendell Johnson set out to do .
He picked out orphans , because no parent should willingly submit their kid to this kind of experiment , and over the course of six months constantly belittled everything they did .
He would point out every tiny imperfection in pronunciation and every small mistake in spelling , all so that he could prove a theory that claimed stuttering was a learned behavior .
None of the children became stutterers , but several of them remained traumatized for life .
Depression and loss of self - esteem were the most common problems among the 11 children that participated in the study .
But at least the university sent them all an apology letter , years later after they got sued for allowing this study .
Do n’t worry , he ’s just a scientist pointing out every speech flaw in order to generate long - term trauma .
3 .
Little Albert
Of course the previous example is not the only case of scientists being completely insensitive towards children .
John B. Watson wanted to prove that you could condition a child into becoming irrationally afraid .
Why exactly this needed to be proved is not really clear , but apparently it was vital to the advancement of science .
In order to accomplish the task of scaring a child , Watson took an eleven month old baby and showed him a rat , a rabbit and several fuzzy things .
Whenever little Albert tried to play with the objects he was shown a loud noise would be played in the background .
This was repeated over and over again until Albert became scared of anything that was white and fuzzy including blankets and beards .
In case you were wondering Albert remained terrified of old Santa Claus - looking men for the whole duration of the experiment .
Once the baby was terrified of the world around him , Watson returned him to the parents .
He did n’t try to erase the results of the conditioning or monitor the child as he grew up .
No one knows what happened to little Albert with several theories arguing that he ended up committing suicide .
While this is probably an exaggeration , one thing is for sure : that child did n’t enjoy any Christmases for the rest of his life .
Over the last 30 years , the polity of Afghanistan has undergone several overlapping transformations .
The structure of power at the center has collapsed , causing the center - periphery relationship to evaporate .
The movement of economic and human resources from various regions of Afghanistan to locations across international borders , especially in Iran and Pakistan , has intensified .
Ethnic , sectarian , and regional cleavages have deepened .
The framework of political discourse and processes has become increasingly grounded in Islamist ideology , and the Afghan periphery has become heavily weaponized .
The colonially imposed state structure of modern Afghanistan emerged during the 1890s .
From the onset , the state apparatus at the center was heavily subsidized by the British colonial government of India , enabling it to build a monopoly over physical force , institute an incipient Islamic judiciary , deal with organized internal political opposition , exert a modicum of political influence over the non-tribal population in the periphery , and maintain a strategic distance between the center and the Pashtun tribal groups straddling the eastern and southern borders .
The British subsidies continued to the year 1919 .
During the 1920s , there were limited attempts at Westernization and rising opposition to the state by Islamist ethnic and tribal groups .
This culminated in the collapse of the Afghan monarchy in 1929 .
The monarchy was restored in 1930 with the covert assistance of the British Government of India .
During the next two decades , the Afghan government gradually implemented a limited amount of Western - style changes in the center , including the modernization and expansion of the armed forces .
Throughout the history of the state apparatus of Afghanistan , its center and periphery remained essentially independent of each other .
The Afghan state did not serve as the redistributive agency for locally produced surplus economic resources .
The poverty of Afghanistan caused by its isolation , the absence of modern means of communication , and the lack of participatory political institutions accounted for the remoteness of the Afghan center from its periphery .
Throughout the 20th century , the literacy rate in Afghanistan remained under 5 % .
Thus , despite attempts by the state - sponsored elite in official government publications and in the curriculum of the few newly instituted state - controlled elementary and secondary schools , a national collectivity and a nation - state were not successfully established in Afghanistan .
Ethnic , linguistic , sectarian , and regional idioms of identity hindered prospects of nation , nationality , and nationalism .
During the first three decades of the Cold War , the Afghan government received substantial amounts of economic and military aid from the USSR and economic assistance from the United States .
These resources enabled the state to undertake a limited number of modernizing projects in education , communication , and industrialization that required a closer relationship between the center and periphery .
The expansion of the coercive ability of the state safeguarded these undertakings .
The overthrow of the Afghan monarchy in 1978 , the subsequent Soviet invasion in 1979 , and the substantial Soviet military presence during the 1980s resulted in the militarization of the Afghan periphery by the United States , facilitated by Saudi Arabia and Pakistan .
The introduction of large quantities of weapons and funds exacerbated simmering historical ethno- linguistic , sectarian , and regional divisions in Afghanistan and encouraged alternative social and political structures and processes of local governance in the periphery .
The increasing and openly expressed ethnic and sectarian divisions were echoed in the organization and operations of the various American - sponsored mujahidin groups ( dubbed “ Freedom Fighters ” ) who vigorously competed for the material and political favors of their Western benefactors .
These fault lines produced occasional armed confrontations in the field among the mujahidin , especially in the period between the withdrawal of Soviet forces in 1989 and the complete withdrawal of the United States from the region in 1992 .
The Taliban movement emerged after the withdrawal of the United States from the region and during the anarchy that followed the collapse of the Afghan central government in 1992 .
The post -1978 social and political instability allowed millions of Afghan men to participate in various forms of opposition to the state as well as in the unrestrained and illegal movement of commodities , including drugs , across international borders .
They experienced first - hand the fragility , indeed the absence , of the Afghan state and the viability of local rule as an adaptation to the waning and eventual disappearance of central power .
The neocolonial Euro - American presence in Afghanistan is guided by policies and strategies that are predicated on a culturally and historically invalid premise that is widely circulated in the Western media by “ analysts , ” “ strategists , ” “ experts , ” and academic “ specialists ” on Afghanistan .
They argue that the collapse of the state structure of Afghanistan could have been prevented had the United States continued its support of the mujahidin after 1989 , especially after 1992 .
But this argument is contradicted by the political and cultural realities on the ground .
The decline of the state structure of Afghanistan and the radicalization of Afghan Islam started long before the armed forces of the Soviet Union left the country in 1989 .
The radicalization of Islam in Afghanistan started immediately after the United States assumed sponsorship of the mujahidin in early 1980 .
The Soviet withdrawal and the corresponding termination of the US subsidies for the mujahidin are events that , ipso facto , have little to do with the collapse of the state of Afghanistan , the emergence of the Taliban , and the penetration of the country by al - Qa‘ida .
The ideological and material seeds for these transformations were sown during 1979 - 1980 .
In fact , had the United States continued funding the mujahidin after 1992 , interethnic and sectarian tensions in Afghanistan would have become even more pronounced than they have become during the post - 9/11 years , and Wahhabi fundamentalist Islam would have established wider and deeper roots in the country .
The gulf between the Afghan center and periphery continues to widen , producing increasing degrees of regional political and economic autonomy in Afghanistan .
So far six such autonomous regions can be identified : the North - Northeast , predominated by Uzbek , Turkman , Tajik , and other Farsi - speaking groups ; the Northwest , in which Farsi speakers predominate ; the Central highlands , where Farsi- speaking Shi‘a Hazaras predominate ; the East - Southeast , where Ghalzi Pashtuns predominate ; the Southwest , where Durani Pashtuns predominate ; and the West , which is populated by a mix of Ghalzi and Durani Pashtuns and Farsi speakers .
In each region , political leadership is provided by former members of the American - sponsored “ Freedom Fighters , ” now labeled “ Warlords . ”
The economies of these regions interact directly and at increasing intensity with the economies across the nearest international borders .
Relations with Iran provide the best examples of these processes .
Iranian capital is heavily invested in the central , northern , and northwestern regions of Afghanistan .
Iran is subsidizing the construction of a railway from its border to Herat and Mazar - i Sharif .
The third “ Joint Exhibition of the Islamic Republic of Iran and ‘ Ancient Herat ’ ” was held in Herat in September 2009 .
Iranian industrial products and handicrafts from the Herat region ( mostly carpets and scarves ) were displayed .
The exhibition was co-sponsored by the Iranian city of Mashhad and the chamber of commerce of Herat .
The report about this international exhibition by the BBC made no reference to the involvement of the central government of Afghanistan .
In addition , Chinese and Pakistani capital is heavily invested in southern and eastern Afghanistan .
Currently , there is little centripetal social and economic movement in Afghanistan .
Most production moves in a centrifugal format , away from the center .
Given the current unstable conditions in the country , further political and economic fragmentation looms for Afghanistan .
If this trend continues alternative territorial and political entities with new labels will soon replace what is known as “ Afghanistan . ”
( Originally published in Viewpoints Special Edition , Afghanistan , 1979 - 2009 : In the Grip of Conflict , The Middle East Institute , Washington , DC,2009 , pp. 23 - 26 )
An organization of German Jews that wants to send an aid ship to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza says that its intentions are no betrayal of the Jewish people .
In an interview with the German Press Agency dpa in Berlin , Kate Katzenstein - Leiterer , a leader of the German Jewish Voice organization said instead that they wanted to help preserve the state of Israel by showing that its current policies were wrong .
Open gallery view Israel Navy forces approaching the Mavi Marmara bound for Gaza , May 31 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
" We want Israel to behave in a way that it can be recognized as a democratic state .
Now it is recognized as a criminal state .
That is not what we want , " she said .
On May 31 nine people were killed when Israeli naval forces boarded ships in a flotilla carrying aid and activists - some of whom Israel says were armed - bound for the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip .
The event caused international outrage , and has prompted Iran to say it will send its own fleet , threatening more confrontation in the Mediterranean .
" Some see what we are doing as a betrayal .
But the question is , what do they really know about the whole thing .
Some people do n't want to be educated , " Katzenstein - Leiterer said .
Jewish Voice plans to fill at least one vessel with educational materials donated by German schoolchildren for Gazan kids , and sail it from a Mediterranean port in mid-July .
" We do n't want any confrontation with the Israeli navy .
We have informed the ( Israeli ) ambassador in Berlin , and if they find it necessary to stop and check us , we will let them do that . "
" And when they do n't find any material that could be a security risk , we want them to let us go into Gaza .
We wo n't unload our cargo in any Israeli or Egyptian port , " she says .
Katzenstein - Leiterer grew up in the former East Germany , to where her committed Communist parents returned after fleeing Hitler 's regime in World War II .
Her organization is part of the European Jews for a Just Peace movement , a ten - country peace - activist network .
Jewish Voice in Germany says that it has gathered the funds for its aid ship project from personal donations , loans , and a donation from the Left Party , a small political grouping with strong support in the former East .
" Normal people here do n't understand very much what is going on in Israel and Palestine , " Katzenstein - Leiterer says .
" The German press does n't show what is going on .
People think all Gazans are terrorists , like West Germans used to think that all East Germans were informers for the Stasi ( secret police ) .
Katzenstein - Leiterer says that her group 's stance has caused them to be ostracized by the mainstream German - Jewish community , which numbers a little over 100,000 .
" Most of the Jews in Germany are immigrants from the former Soviet Union , and they are not on our side .
The other members of the community are not on our side either .
They say that everything that Israel does is OK , and they close their eyes to what is going on . "
A senior activist in the Jewish Voice movement , Rolf Verleger , was reportedly expelled from his position in the Central Council of Jews in Germany because he initiated a petition saying the 2006 Israeli invasion of Lebanon was " not in our name . "
However , Katzenstein - Leiterer says that there are now a small group of German Jews who , despite the weight that Germany 's history places on the Jewish community , want to speak out against a Israeli blockade policy - brought in after Hamas took control of the sliver of territory in 2007 - that they see as wrong .
" The whole blockade , the whole siege of Gaza is illegal .
It is against international law and human rights , " she says .
" We want to deliver musical instruments and school material .
The children and deprived of every kind of school material ; clothes , shoes , candies .
We do n't see that that is any kind of safety risk . "
On Thursday the Israeli cabinet was expected to make a decision on scrapping the so - called " positive " list of items that they allow into Gaza in favor of a more relaxed " negative " list of prohibited items that could be of use to militants .
" We just see that a Jewish state is occupying Palestine , laying a siege , and depriving children of the things that they need .
We as Jews are saying , ' not in our name . '
We want to show that there are Jews in the world that are on the side of these deprived people , " she says .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Copper and oil prices could leap on strong industrial demand in coming months and gold may rise further on inflation - linked buying , suggesting a new wave of gains for commodities .
Market strategists at this week ’s Reuters Investment Outlook Summit in New York said despite the slow jobs growth in the United States and the debt crisis in parts of Europe , the world economy was recovering and that was good for commodity prices -- battered lately by worries over global growth .
“ It is really hard to buy things when everybody in the headlines is telling you not to , ” Maria Fiorini Ramirez , founder of New York investment advisory MFR , told the summit .
“ That is where you ’ve got to be gutsy and that is where the big money is made . ”
Abby Joseph Cohen , a veteran investment counsel on Wall Street , agreed with that view .
" We think the global recession is over .
We see strong demand coming particularly from the emerging economies who are building their infrastructure , " said Cohen , who is senior investment strategist at Goldman Sachs GS.N , Wall Street 's leading commodities trader .
She said U.S. banks were no longer tightening lending conditions for small - and medium - sized businesses ; federal interest rates were likely to stay low for a long time and stockpiles of some materials were falling faster than supply could come on board -- all good signs for basic resources like commodities .
“ Our sense is that commodity prices will be rising again , ” Cohen told the summit .
Oil and copper prices have rebounded since Wednesday , spurred partly by encouraging oil consumption in the United States and bullish trade data out of China .
U.S. crude stockpiles fell a larger - than - expected 1.8 million barrels last week , showing an early burst in summer demand for oil in the world ’s largest energy consumer .
China , the biggest importer of base metals and major consumer of oil and grains , reported a near 50 percent jump in exports for May from a year earlier .
U.S. crude traded at above $ 76 a barrel in New York on Thursday and market forecaster Stephen Schork said a test at $ 78 was possible before the week ended .
Oil hit 10 - month lows below $ 63 in May on concerns about high U.S. oil stockpiles .
U.S. copper rose above $ 2.90 a lb on Thursday , prompting Wayne Atwell , managing director at New York investment bank Casimir Capital , to forecast a test at above $ 3 if momentum stayed .
Just last week , copper was down 20 percent on the year , touching 2.73 a lb , on fear that Europe ’s debt woes could force a double - dip recession in the United States .
“ We do n’t see a double dip , ” Goldman ’s Cohen said .
“ Certainly that is one argument that some people make . ”
Goldman has a 12 - month growth target of 23 percent for energy prices , 6.0 percent for base metals , 17 percent for precious metals and 4.0 percent on livestock .
It is only bearish on agriculture , which it expects to contract by 1.0 percent .
Much of the growth in oil and copper demand was likely to come from the BRIC nations comprising of Brazil , Russia , India and China , Cohen said .
“ The growth of the economy in those nations may understate the need for certain commodities like industrial metals , ” she said .
“ If you are building new cities , if you are building transportation systems , you need more of these materials than you otherwise would . ”
As for gold , although the precious metal prices looked frothy after this week ’ record highs , there was no certainty it would n’t hit new peaks if the U.S. dollar tumbled , analysts said .
Bullion and U.S. futures of gold hit record highs above $ 1,250 an ounce earlier this week despite the dollar trading at four - year highs against the euro .
Investors have traditionally regarded gold and the U.S. dollar as interchangeable assets , playing one against the other .
Technical analysts , like Elliott Wave International ’s President Robert Prechter , told the summit that gold prices could fall as much 40 percent due to bearish technical momentum and deflation related to the euro zone debt crisis .
Yet gold has lost no more than about 2.0 percent since Monday ’s peaks , settling Thursday ’s futures trade at $ 1,222.20 an ounce .
“ You could definitely see it go higher , ” Gina Sanchez , director of asset allocation strategy at New York ’s Roubini Global Economics , told the summit .
“ You could see gold become the thing that you shove in your mattress . ”
Just like people in a bar or other noisy location , North American right whales increase the volume of their calls as environmental noise increases ; and just like humans , at a certain point , it may become too costly to continue to shout , according to marine and acoustic scientists .
" The impacts of increases in ocean noise from human activities are a concern for the conservation of marine animals like right whales , " said Susan Parks , assistant professor of acoustics and research associate , Applied Research Laboratory , Penn State .
" The ability to change vocalizations to compensate for environmental noise is critical for successful communication in an increasingly noisy ocean . "
Right whales are large baleen whales that often approach close to shore .
They may have been given the name because they were the right whales to hunt as they are rich in blubber , slow swimming and remain afloat after death .
Consequently , whalers nearly hunted these whales to extinction .
Currently right whales are monitored to determine the health and size of the population .
The northern and southern right whales are on the endangered species list .
" Right whale upcalls are used extensively for passive acoustic monitoring in conservation efforts to protect this endangered species , " said Parks .
Whales produce upcalls , sometimes called contact calls , when they are alone or in the process of joining with other whales .
An upcall begins low and rises in pitch .
It is the most frequent call produced by right whales .
Parks and her colleagues , Mark Johnson and Peter L. Tyack , Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and Douglas Nowacek , Duke University , looked at short - term modifications of calling behavior of individual North Atlantic right whales in varying environmental noise situations .
They report their results in Biology Letters .
advertisement
The researchers ' data came from right whales tagged with acoustic suction cup tags .
They listened to tag recordings from seven male and seven female whales totaling 107 calls .
The tags recorded from 2 to 18 calls each .
The team looked at received level , duration and fundamental frequency of the calls , and they compared background noise levels with the call - received levels of the individual calls .
Noise below 400 Hertz dominated the recorded background noise .
These frequencies overlap with the frequencies of right whale upcalls .
Much of the increase in background ocean noise in right whale habitat is believed to be due to commercial shipping .
It appears that right whales increase the amplitude , or the energy in their calls , directly as background noise levels increase without changing the frequency .
This suggests that right whales can maintain the signal to noise ratio of their calls in moderate levels of ocean noise .
" To our knowledge , this is the first evidence for noise - dependent amplitude modification of calls produced by a baleen whale , " said Parks .
Changing calling patterns can , however , incur costs including increased energy expenditure , alteration of the signal and the information it contains , and increased predatory risks .
With increased noise the effective communication range for feeding or mating will shrink and stress levels on individual animals may rise .
" Whether they can maintain their communication range in noisier environments still needs to be tested , " said Parks .
" Ocean sound levels will probably continue to increase due to human activities and there is a physical limit to the maximum source level that an animal can produce . "
Another implication for potential changes in whale calls is that upcalls are the whale calls that conservationists use to monitor right whale populations .
They do this using automated acoustic sensors that are looking for specific parameters to tease out the whale calls from other noises .
The research team cautions that " Variability of call parameters also can reduce the effectiveness of detection algorithms and should be taken into account when calculating the probability of detection in different habitats . "
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the Office of Naval Research supported this work .
Lingerie model agrees to run naked through Asuncion as a ' present ' to Paraguay football team
She had promised to run down the main street in Asuncion naked if unlikely Paraguay took home the Jules Rimet trophy .
But Larissa Riquelme has gone a step further by saying she will honour her original pledge as a present to the Paraguay players and people .
The lingerie model - the South American country 's self - styled No 1 fan - had agreed to match a pledge by Argentina coach Diego Maradona to strip naked if they won the World Cup .
Great support : Paraguayan model Larissa Riquelme reacts during a public screening of the World Cup soccer match between Paraguay and Japan in downtown Asuncion
Red - blooded male football fans were left disappointed however , after Paraguay were beaten 1 - 0 in the quarter final by Spain at the weekend .
But the 24 - year - old said she would still honour the pledge , despite her countrymen falling short of winning the tournament .
She said : ' It will be a present to all the players , and for all the people in Paraguay to enjoy .
' They tried as hard as possible and give it their all on the field . '
Bold :
The football - mad lingerie model has said she will honour her promise to strip off and run through Asuncion as a present to the Paraguay players
Miss Riquelme was pictured around the world in a figure - hugging outfit in the national colours of red , white and blue as she cheered Paraguay on to success from the capital Asuncion .
Maradona had first made the promise to run naked through Buenos Aires if Argentina won the cup , but fortunately he will not have to make good after they were thrashed 4 - 0 by Germany in the quarter final .
After watching Paraguay beat Japan on penalties on Tuesday last week , she was asked if she was prepared to match his promise .
She said : ' Of course I will ... but with my body painted in the colours of Paraguay . '
Borrowing has been the answer to all economic troubles in the past 25 years .
Now debt itself has become the problem , says Philip Coggan
MAN is born free but is everywhere in debt .
In the rich world , getting hold of your first credit card is a rite of passage far more important for your daily life than casting your first vote .
Buying your first home normally requires taking on a debt several times the size of your annual income .
And even if you shun the temptation of borrowing to indulge yourself , you are still saddled with your portion of the national debt .
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s a rise in debt levels accompanied what economists called the “ great moderation ” , when growth was steady and unemployment and inflation remained low .
No longer did Western banks have to raise rates to halt consumer booms .
By the early 2000s a vast international scheme of vendor financing had been created .
China and the oil exporters amassed current - account surpluses and then lent the money back to the developed world so it could keep buying their goods .
Those who cautioned against rising debt levels were dismissed as doom - mongers ; after all , asset prices were rising even faster , so balance - sheets looked healthy .
And with the economy buoyant , debtors could afford to meet their interest payments without defaulting .
In short , it paid to borrow and it paid to lend .
Like alcohol , a debt boom tends to induce euphoria .
Traders and investors saw the asset - price rises it brought with it as proof of their brilliance ; central banks and governments thought that rising markets and higher tax revenues attested to the soundness of their policies .
The answer to all problems seemed to be more debt .
Depressed ?
Use your credit card for a shopping spree “ because you 're worth it ” .
Want to get rich quick ?
Work for a private - equity or hedge - fund firm , using borrowed money to enhance returns .
Looking for faster growth for your company ?
Borrow money and make an acquisition .
And if the economy is in recession , let the government go into deficit to bolster spending .
When the European Union countries met in May to deal with the Greek crisis , they proposed a € 750 billion ( $ 900 billion ) rescue programme largely consisting of even more borrowed money .
Debt increased at every level , from consumers to companies to banks to whole countries .
The effect varied from country to country , but a survey by the McKinsey Global Institute found that average total debt ( private and public sector combined ) in ten mature economies rose from 200 % of GDP in 1995 to 300 % in 2008 ( see chart 1 for a breakdown by country ) .
There were even more startling rises in Iceland and Ireland , where debt - to - GDP ratios reached 1,200 % and 700 % respectively .
The burdens proved too much for those two countries , plunging them into financial crisis .
Such turmoil is a sign that debt is not the instant solution it was made out to be .
The market cheer that greeted the EU package for Greece lasted just one day before the doubts resurfaced .
From early 2007 onwards there were signs that economies were reaching the limit of their ability to absorb more borrowing .
The growth - boosting potential of debt seemed to peter out .
According to Leigh Skene of Lombard Street Research , each additional dollar of debt was associated with less and less growth ( see chart 2 ) .
Stopping the debt supercycle
The big question is whether this rapid build - up of debt — a phenomenon which Martin Barnes of the Bank Credit Analyst , a research group , has dubbed the “ debt supercycle ” — has now come to an end .
Debt reduction has become a hot political issue .
Rioters on the streets of Athens have been protesting against the “ junta of the markets ” that is imposing austerity on the Greek economy , and tea-party activists in America , angry about trillion - dollar deficits and growing government involvement in the economy , have been upsetting the calculations of both the Democratic and Republican party leaderships .
To understand why debt may have become a burden rather than a boon , it is necessary to go back to first principles .
Why do people , companies and countries borrow ?
One obvious answer is that it is the only way they can maintain their desired level of spending .
Another reason is optimism ; they believe the return on the borrowed money will be greater than the cost of servicing the debt .
Crucially , creditors must believe that debtors ' incomes will rise ; otherwise how would they be able to pay the interest and repay the capital ?
But in parts of the rich world such optimism may now be misplaced .
With ageing populations and shrinking workforces , their economies may grow more slowly than they have done in the past .
They may have borrowed from the future , using debt to enjoy a standard of living that is unsustainable .
Greece provides a stark example .
Standard & Poor 's , a rating agency , estimates that its GDP will not regain its 2008 level until 2017 .
Rising government debt is a Ponzi scheme that requires an ever - growing population to assume the burden — unless some deus ex machina , such as a technological breakthrough , can boost growth .
As Roland Nash , head of research at Renaissance Capital , an investment bank , puts it : “ Can the West , with its regulated industry , uncompetitive labour and large government , afford its borrowing - funded living standards and increasingly expensive public sectors ? ”
An interactive graphic shows the debt levels for a wide range of countries
Sovereign default is far from inconceivable .
Many people are forecasting that Greece , despite its bail - out package from the EU and the IMF , will be unable to repay its debts in full and on time .
Faced with the choice between punishing their populations with austerity programmes and letting down foreign creditors , countries may find it easier to disappoint the foreigners .
Defaults have been common in the past , as Carmen Reinhart and Ken Rogoff showed in their book , “ This Time is Different ” .
Adam Smith , a founding father of economics , noted in “ The Wealth of Nations ” that “ when national debts have once been accumulated to a certain degree , there is scarce , I believe , a single instance of their having being fairly and completely paid . ”
Governments now face a tricky period when they have to deal with the debt overhang , decide how quickly to cut their deficits ( and risk undermining growth ) , and try to distribute the pain of doing so as equitably as possible .
Debt is often treated as a moral issue as well as an economic one .
Margaret Atwood , in her book of essays , “ Payback : Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth ” , notes that the Aramaic words for debt and sin are the same .
And some versions of the Lord 's Prayer say “ Forgive us our debts ” rather than “ Forgive us our trespasses ” .
The Live 8 campaign in 2005 tried to shame developed nations into forgiving the debts of poor countries , particularly in sub-Saharan Africa .
Economists have developed the concept of “ odious debt ” in which citizens should not be forced to repay money borrowed by tyrannical or kleptocratic rulers .
Interest payments on debt are often regarded as an onerous burden placed on the poor ; interest is seen as an unjustified reward for capital , a concept that goes back to Aristotle and is implicit in the Christian idea of usury .
Islam forbids it altogether .
The book of Deuteronomy suggested a debt amnesty every seven years , which survived into later Jewish custom .
But conventional morality has not always been on the side of the borrowers .
Some regard debt as the road to ruin and the failure to repay as a breach of trust .
In the 18th and 19th century debtors in Britain were often thrown into jail ( as in Charles Dickens 's “ Little Dorrit ” ) , though Samuel Johnson spotted the flaws of the practice : “ We have now imprisoned one generation of debtors after another , but we do not find that their numbers lessen .
We have now learned that rashness and imprudence will not be deterred from taking credit ; let us try whether fraud and avarice may be more easily restrained from giving it . ”
Movable morals
In the past 100 years the moral battle has moved in favour of the debtors .
Bankruptcy is no longer stigmatised but simply regarded as bad luck .
When consumers borrow beyond their means , the blame is laid on lax lending practices rather than irresponsible borrowing .
Governments have encouraged more people to become homeowners and thus to take on debt .
And defaulting on one 's debts has become much less cumbersome ; in the current housing slump many American homeowners have resorted to “ jingle mail ” , dropping their keys through the lender 's letterbox and walking away from their property .
In business , a few failed directorships are a sign of entrepreneurship rather than incompetence .
America 's Chapter 11 process allows the managers of companies to remain in place and the business to be protected from its creditors .
The number of companies with safe AAA credit ratings has collapsed as more have acted on the theory that a debt - laden balance - sheet is more efficient ( because interest payments are tax - deductible in most countries ) .
The recent crisis has also diminished belief in the judgment of the financial markets .
The role of banks in the credit crunch and the cost of the financial sector bail - out has undermined the idea that the markets assess risk fairly and rationally .
Instead , higher borrowing costs are seen as the result of unscrupulous speculation .
The role of sovereign credit - default swaps ( CDS ) , a way of betting on the likelihood of a country 's failure to repay the money it has borrowed , has proved particularly controversial .
Southern European nations , which have been at the heart of the recent market turmoil , have been quick to blame an Anglo - Saxon conspiracy , brewed up by hedge funds , credit - rating agencies and even newspapers like this one , for unfairly pushing up their borrowing costs .
The German government moved to ban short - selling of government bonds and some CDS transactions last month .
As Charles Stanley , a stockbroking firm , cynically puts it , EU nations are saying : “ Please fund our lifestyles , but do n't hold us to any commitments . ”
Why it matters
If a husband borrows money from his wife , the family is no worse off .
By extension , just as every debt is a liability for the borrower , it is an asset for the creditor .
Since Earth is not borrowing money from Mars , does the debt explosion really matter , or is it just an accounting device ?
During the credit boom of the early 1990s and 2000s the conventional view was that it did not matter .
Not only were asset prices rising even faster than debt but the use of derivatives was spreading risk across the system and , in particular , away from the banks , which had capital ratios well above the regulatory minimum .
The problem with debt , though , is the need to repay it .
Not for nothing does the word credit have its roots in the Latin word credere , to believe .
If creditors lose faith in their borrowers , they will demand the repayment of existing debt or refuse to renew old loans .
If the debt is secured against assets , then the borrower may be forced to sell .
A lot of forced sales will cause asset prices to fall and make creditors even less willing to extend loans .
If the asset price falls below the value of the loan , then both creditors and borrowers will lose money .
This is particularly troublesome if the economy slips into deflation , as happened globally in the 1930s and in Japan in the 1990s .
Debt levels are fixed in nominal terms whereas asset prices can go up or down .
So falling prices create a spiral in which assets are sold off to repay debts , triggering further price falls and further sales .
Irving Fisher , an economist who worked in the first half of the 20th century , called this the debt deflation trap .
Another reason why debt matters is to do with the role of banks in the economy .
By their nature , banks borrow short ( from depositors or the wholesale markets ) and lend long .
The business depends on confidence ; no bank can survive if its depositors ( or its wholesale lenders ) all want their money back at once .
If banks struggle to meet their own debts , they have no choice but to reduce their lending .
If this happens on a large scale , as it did in the 1930s , the ripple effect for the economy as a whole can be devastating .
Both of these effects were seen in the debt crisis of 2007 - 08 .
Falling property prices caused defaults and a liquidity crisis in the banking system so severe that the authorities feared the cash machines would stop working .
Hence the unprecedented largesse of the bank bail - out .
Hyman Minsky , an American economist who has become more fashionable since his death in 1996 , argued that these debt crises were both inherent in the capitalist system and cyclical .
Prosperous times encourage individuals and companies to take on more risk , meaning more debt .
Initially such speculation is successful and encourages others to follow suit ; eventually credit is extended to those who will be able to repay the debt only if asset prices keep rising ( a succinct description of the subprime - lending boom ) .
In the end the pyramid collapses .
In the aftermath of the latest collapse it is clear that the distinction between debt in the private and public sector has become blurred .
If the private sector suffers , the public sector may be forced to step in and assume , or guarantee , the debt , as happened in 2008 .
Otherwise the economy may suffer a deep recession which will cut the tax revenues governments need to service their own debt .
If the Western world faces an era of austerity as debts are paid down , how will that affect day - to - day life ?
Clearly a society built on consumption will have to pay more attention to saving .
The idea that using borrowed money to buy assets is the smart road to riches might lose currency , changing attitudes to home ownership as well as to parts of the finance sector such as private equity .
This special report will argue that , for the developed world , the debt - financed model has reached its limit .
Most of the options for dealing with the debt overhang are unpalatable .
As has already been seen in Greece and Ireland , each government will have to find its own way of reducing the burden .
The battle between borrowers and creditors may be the defining struggle of the next generation .
An interactive chart allows you to compare how the debt burden varies across 14 countries and to examine different types of borrowing .
Listen to an interview with the author of this special report .
Research by a Montana State University doctoral student and one of the nation 's top paleontologists is upending more than 100 years of thought regarding the dinosaurs known as Triceratops and Torosaurus .
Since the late 1800s , scientists have believed that Triceratops and Torosaurus were two different types of dinosaurs .
Triceratops had a three - horned skull with a rather short frill , whereas Torosaurus had a much bigger frill with two large holes through it .
MSU paleontologists John Scannella and Jack Horner said in the July 14 issue of the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology , however , that Triceratops and Torosaurus are actually the same dinosaur at different stages of growth .
They added that the discovery contributes to an unfolding theory that dinosaur diversity was extremely depleted at the end of the dinosaur age .
The Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology is the official journal of the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology .
Scannella is a doctoral student in earth sciences , and Horner is Regents Professor of Paleontology at MSU 's Museum of the Rockies .
The confusion over Triceratops and Torosaurus was easy to understand , Scannella said , because juvenile dinosaurs were n't just miniature versions of adults .
They looked very different , and their skulls changed radically as they matured .
Recent studies have revealed extreme changes in the skulls of pachycephalosaurs , tyrannosaurs and other dinosaurs that died out about 65 million years ago in North America .
" Paleontologists are at a disadvantage because we can't go out into the field and observe a living Triceratops grow up from a baby to an adult , " Scannella said .
" We have to put together the story based on fossils .
In order to get the complete story , you need to have a large sample of fossils from many individuals representing different growth stages . "
The Triceratops study suggests that it is critical that paleontologists consider ontogeny ( growth from a juvenile to an adult ) as a source of major morphological variations before naming new species of dinosaurs to account for variation between specimens , Scannella added .
advertisement
" Without considering changes in shape throughout ontogeny , we overestimate dinosaur diversity and hence produce an unrealistic view of the paleoecology of these animals , " Scannella said .
Scannella and Horner benefited from an extensive 10 - year study of the Hell Creek Formation in Eastern Montana .
Led by Horner , the large - scale project was conducted to reconstruct the ecosystems that existed during the Cretaceous Period that ended about 65 million years ago when there was a mass extinction of dinosaurs .
As part of the study , field crews collected hundreds of specimens .
Forty percent of the specimens came from Triceratops at different stages of growth .
Some of the skulls belonged to juvenile Triceratops and roughly the size of footballs .
Other skulls are the size of a small car .
" Torosaurus " specimens are much rarer than Triceratops , however .
None of the Torosaurus specimens came from immature animals , Scannella said .
When the paleontologists did find " Torosaurus " skulls , the skulls were all large .
" If Torosaurus is actually the mature form of Triceratops , we must ask why ‛ Torosaurus ' specimens are relatively rare compared to Triceratops , " Scannella said .
" It is possible that mortality was fairly high for Triceratops before they reached their fully mature morphology . "
Scannella and Horner examined more than 50 Triceratops specimens for their study .
More than 30 were skulls that came out of the Hell Creek Formation and are housed at the Museum of the Rockies .
The paleontologists also examined skulls from several North American institutions , including the American Museum of Natural History in New York , the National Museum of Natural History at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington , D.C. , and the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale University in New Haven , Conn .
advertisement
Scannella and Horner measured the length , width and thickness of the skulls .
They examined the microstructure , surface textures and shape changes of the frills .
Microscope studies revealed that the tissues of Torosaurus specimens are more heavily remodeled than those of even the largest Triceratops , strongly suggesting that Torosaurus specimens are in fact adult Triceratops , Scannella said .
Even in Triceratops that were previously considered to be adults , the skull was still undergoing dramatic changes .
Many undergraduate students , as well as volunteers from around the world , participated in the project by discovering and excavating the Triceratops specimens in the field .
Some undergraduates also helped prepare the fossils once they were brought back to the Museum of the Rockies .
Scannella said he and Horner tried for three years to look for alternative explanations for their findings .
They finally agreed that the Triceratops and Torosaurus were the same dinosaur .
" Every avenue of investigation we took in attempts to falsify the hypothesis only supported the idea further , " Scannella said .
Scannella said he presented his and Horner 's findings at the 2009 Society of Vertebrate Paleontology Conference in Bristol , England , and it was met with equal parts intrigue and skepticism .
" Skepticism is important and a good thing , " Scannella commented .
" But so far , all the evidence we have strongly supports the idea . "
The finding that Torosaurus was a grown - up Triceratops adds fuel to the theory that dinosaur diversity at the end of the Cretaceous Period and Mesozoic Era was far less than previously thought , Scannella said .
" A major decline in diversity may have put the dinosaurs in a vulnerable state at the time when the large meteor struck the Earth at the end of the Cretaceous Period , " Scannella said .
" It may have been the combination of the two factors -- lower diversity and a major global catastrophe -- that resulted in the extinction of all the non-avian dinosaurs . "
If the apparent decline in diversity was n't triggered by a meteor -- a relatively uncommon event -- Scannella said , " It may have been caused by circumstances which are more likely to affect diversity today , perhaps large - scale sea level fluctuations or climate change .
If so , Triceratops may have a lot to teach us about biodiversity and extinction today , " Scannella said .
" By studying patterns of diversity in the past , we attain insights into current ecological trends . "
The Iranian government says it has evidence that one of its nuclear scientists was abducted and is being held in the US against his will .
Shahram Amiri disappeared a year ago while on a pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia .
A video broadcast by Iranian TV purports to show Mr Amiri saying he was kidnapped and is living in Arizona .
Hours later , another video posted on YouTube appeared to show the scientist saying he was happy in America .
The US denied abducting him .
Since I was abducted and brought to the US I was heavily tortured and pressured by US intelligence Shahram Amiri , First broadcast Iran scientist video : Transcripts
The contradictory accounts of Mr Amiri's fate have emerged as the UN Security Council is due to vote on a fourth round of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme on Wednesday .
Mr Amiri worked as a researcher at a university in Tehran , Iranian media reported .
But other reports said he worked for the country 's Atomic Energy Organisation and had in - depth knowledge of the country 's nuclear programme .
In the video shown on the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting network , the man says he was forced to say he defected with a laptop full of evidence about Iran 's nuclear secrets and that he was being used to put pressure on Iran .
I am Iranian and I have not taken any steps against my homeland Shahram Amiri , Second broadcast
The video showed a man wearing headphones and talking to his webcam .
He says he was in the Saudi city of Medina as part of a Muslim pilgrimage when Saudi intelligence officers drugged and kidnapped him .
" When I became conscious , I found myself in a plane on the way to the US , " he said .
" Since I was abducted and brought to the US I was heavily tortured and pressured by US intelligence . "
Analysis
It is a tale of two videos .
A murky story , as might be expected when the Iranian and American secret services cross paths .
Neither video is entirely convincing .
The Iranian government version is poor quality , with the possibility that it has been manipulated .
In the YouTube video , the man is looking beyond the camera , apparently reading a not very well written script .
The US government has never spoken about the case publicly .
But officials told American news organisations in March that Mr Amiri had defected .
Officials said it was an " intelligence coup " .
They claimed it was the fruit of a wider operation , using contacts through the many Iranians now living in the United States , to obtain access to the Iranian nuclear programme .
There also seems to be an element , on both sides , of psychological warfare , not to mention propaganda , as each side plays up the quantity of inside information they have gleaned from inside each other 's countries .
The man says in the film that the recording was made on 5 April in the city of Tucson , Arizona .
Iranian TV reports said the Iranian security services obtained the film " by special methods " but did not elaborate .
On Monday the clip was posted on to YouTube .
Responding to the allegation on Tuesday , state department spokesman Philip Crowley told reporters : " Did the United States kidnap [ Mr Amiri ] from Saudi Arabia ?
The answer is No . "
In the second clip , posted hours later to a YouTube account in the name of Shahramamiri2010 , the man says he lives safely in the city and wants to continue his education in the US .
" I am free here and I assure everyone I am safe , " he said in Farsi .
" My purpose in today 's conversation is to put an end to all the rumours that have been levelled at me over the past year .
I am Iranian and I have not taken any steps against my homeland . "
In March US news channel ABC ran a report quoting unnamed US officials that said Mr Amiri had defected and was helping the US compile intelligence on Iran 's nuclear weapons programme .
They suggested that he had given them valuable information about the Iranian nuclear programme , including the recently revealed centrifuge enrichment plant outside the city of Qom .
The secret plant was revealed in September last year , just days before a meeting in Geneva between Iran and the permanent five members of the UN Security Council .
The US and its allies believe Iran is trying to acquire a nuclear weapon , but Tehran denies the charge .
Fake ICs Identified ON Semiconductor lets us know that the fake ATmega328s are actually NCP5318 buck regulators for Intel processors .
Favorited Favorite 1
ON Semiconductor emailed us and helped us identify our mystery ICs .
It turns out the semiconductor IC inside our fake ATmega328s is the ON Semi NCP5318FTR2 .
The NCP5318 is a Two / Three / Four - Phase Buck CPU controller .
Essentially it 's a voltage regulator specifically designed to power high - performance Intel processors .
This application circuit is a bit daunting .
We may try to wire one up , but in general , a complex buck controller is not something that really floats our boat .
From a friend at ON Semi :
" Interesting .
The AG20 is called the " Hydra lite . "
The hydra was originally an 8 phase Vcore buck switcher for CPU / GPU .
Hydra lite was reduced to 4 phase .
They were built on 18 volt bipolar process .
The final version was rev 13 , so it looks like that die in the picture is pre-release engineering material .
Where the hell did you find that ? "
Funny you should ask ...
Thanks ON Semi !
Be sure to read the original post , the follow up report , the discovery of what 's inside and the final identification of the IC !
The Cuban government has begun releasing jailed dissidents in a political concession brokered by the Catholic church that could ease the way towards a gradual thawing of relations with the US .
Raúl Castro's regime agreed last week to free 52 activists once viewed as enemies of Fidel Castro 's revolution – almost a third of the 167 inmates classified as political prisoners by the independent Cuban Commission for Human Rights and National Reconciliation .
At least 17 are set to go to Spain to live in exile .
The families of several prisoners were tipped off on Saturday that their relatives had been released .
The wives of dissidents Pablo Pacheco and Luis Milan were phoned by fellow inmates .
Barbara Rojo , the wife of Omar Ruiz , told the Associated Press : " They [ Cuban officials ] called me to tell me to get ready to leave , because they would be around to get us . "
A fourth prisoner , José Paneque , called his family to tell them he was being moved to Havana from a jail in Las Tunas , an eastern province , according to AFP .
Meanwhile , there was a reminder that the old guard endures , as pictures emerged of Fidel Castro out in public for the first time in four years .
Looking frail but animated in a white Nike tracksuit , the ailing 83 - year - old retired dictator was snapped smiling and chatting with staff during a visit to the National Centre for Scientific Investigation in Havana .
An officially sanctioned website , Cubadebate , attributed the pictures to his son , Alex .
Castro fell ill in 2006 and underwent stomach surgery .
After 49 years in power , he handed over office to his brother , Raúl , two years ago .
Since then , he has virtually disappeared from public view .
Rosa Baez , a journalist for the state - sanctioned media , commented : " He is thin but he looks good , and according to our director , he is very good mentally . "
Since Fidel Castro's retirement , Cuba has shown tentative signs of reform – bans on ownership of mobile phones and computers , and on Cubans staying in tourist hotels , have been relaxed .
In Washington , President Barack Obama has eased restrictions on Cuban exiles travelling from the US to Cuba , although he criticised the regime for continuing to treat its citizens with a " clenched fist " .
The release of Cuban dissidents , many of whom were rounded up in an anti-democratic crackdown in 2003 , follows international condemnation over the death of hunger striker Orlando Zapata Tamayo in February , after refusing food and drink for 85 days in protest at his imprisonment .
Wives and relatives of jailed dissidents have been staging weekly marches in Havana to keep up pressure on the government .
Moves towards the mass release began when the Spanish foreign minister , Miguel Ángel Moratinos , brokered a meeting between Raúl Castro and Cuba 's Catholic cardinal , Jaime Ortega , last week .
The Vatican expressed satisfaction at signs of progress secured by the church .
" The world looks with hope at the events that are coming out of Cuba , " a Vatican spokesman , Federico Lombardi , told Vatican Radio on Saturday .
" We all hope that this path continues . "
The US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , said she was " encouraged " by the agreement to release dissidents .
" We think that 's a positive sign .
It 's something that is overdue , but nonetheless , very welcome . "
In Congress , many Democrats favour easing America 's decades - long embargo on Cuba .
The House agriculture committee voted two weeks ago to reverse a ban on American citizens visiting the island .
But legislation stands little chance of enactment without support from the White House .
1 2 3 4 next »
The " CSI : Internet " series was originally published in c't magazine commencing in issue 13/2010 .
For links to other articles in this series please refer to out CSI : Internet HQ page .
The code fragments in this article may cause your anti-virus scanner to issue an alert – this is a false alarm .
CSI : Internet
Episode 3 : PDF time bomb
by Thorsten Holz
Tom sends me something on ' NTFS internals ' – technical details of the Windows file system implementation .
How did he know that this had been sitting on my to - do list for ages ?
Had I mentioned it at lunch ?
Curious , I open the attached PDF .
Before I even reach the end of the first paragraph , Adobe Reader closes of its own accord .
In a bit of a doze , I click on the attachment for a second time and an action replay unfolds – the text appears in Adobe Reader and then the window vanishes all by itself just a few seconds later .
At first sight , the file looked like it really might tell me all about NTFS .
This is more than a little strange – suddenly wide awake , I take a closer look at the e-mail .
What 's with the formal " Regards , T Gibbs " at the end ?
Tom always signs off with " Cheers , Tom " .
A look at the full header tells me that this clearly has n't been sent from one of our internal systems :
Received from 113.112.141.166
it 's been sent from somewhere in Asia .
Things are becoming clearer .
The sender is faked and the PDF file is probably an attempt to infect my computer .
But has it been successful ?
I could of course just restore the system image I created yesterday .
That would take 30 minutes at most and I could then get on with doing the travel expenses that accounts has been nagging me about since last week .
OK , that 's it , I 'm going to analyse the PDF file .
Inside a PDF file
PDF 's have a tree like structure .
First off , I need to refresh my knowledge of the PDF format .
I vaguely remember that a PDF file is composed of various objects in a tree structure .
Each object describes one aspect of the document – page content , for instance , is stored in one object and font type and size in another .
The plan is to analyse each object in the suspect file to get an understanding of what 's going on .
Before opening the file in a text editor , I pull down O’Reilly 's " PDF Hacks " by Sid Stuarts from the bookshelf .
WordPad shows the characteristic " %PDF - 1.4 " string at the start , so it 's definitely a PDF file .
The basic PDF structure is simple and easily recognised .
Individual objects within the file have the structure :
$ nr $version obj
object
endobj
obj and endobj are fixed separators between objects .
They are numbered sequentially using $ nr .
The version number is usually 0 , as a document usually contains only one version of an object .
Object structure depends on the object type .
Object parameters are typically given within a ' dictionary ' , designated by << and >> .
There is usually a table of contents at the start with / Type / Catalog – as there is in my ' NTFS internals ' file :
1 0 obj
<<
/ Type / Catalog
/ Outlines 3 0 R
/ Pages 4 0 R
....
/ ViewerPreferences
<<
/ PageDirection /L2R
>>
>>
>>
endobj
This essentially consists of references in the form $ i $j R .
Object three claims to be a kind of overview of content , with the actual pages following as / Pages .
Towards the end , a few document properties , such as the read direction – L2R ( left to right ) – are specified .
So far , so dull .
I 'm beginning to wish I 'd done my travel expenses .
Object two includes more admin , which confirms my suspicion :
/ Creator ( Scribus 1.3.3.13 )
/ Producer ( Scribus PDF Library 1.3.3.13 )
....
/ CreationDate ( D:20090811124352 )
/ ModDate ( D:20090811124352 )
Much as I appreciate open source , I 'm sceptical about the likelihood of someone using DTP program Scribus to layout their knowledge of NTFS before converting it to a PDF .
I scroll down further and it finally starts to get interesting .
Next : Decoded
1 2 3 4 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-1038864
Here is the full consolidated text of the ACTA agreement , dated July 1st 2010 .
This is the full text from the Luzern round of negotiations , including the name of the negotiating parties along with their positions .
It apparently comes from the civil liberties committee ( LIBE ) of the European Parliament .
Here is the transcription of the document so it can be further analysed and spread .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
BBC Radio 5 live 's film critic Mark Kermode does n't have a problem with the gender politics of Sex And The City 2 , just its corpulent materialism .
He says it is " an orgy of dripping wealth " .
Catch Mark every Friday 1400 - 1600 on BBC Radio 5 live in
WASHINGTON 
The soldier accused of downloading a huge trove of secret data from military computers in Iraq appears to have exploited a loophole in Defense Department security to copy thousands of files onto compact discs over a six - month period .
In at least one instance , according to those familiar with the inquiry , the soldier smuggled highly classified data out of his intelligence unit on a disc disguised as a music CD by Lady Gaga .
Criminal charges were filed this week against the soldier , Pfc. Bradley E. Manning , 22 , who was accused of downloading more than 150,000 diplomatic cables , as well as secret videos and a PowerPoint presentation .
Since his arrest in May , with initial accounts blaming him for leaking video of a deadly American helicopter attack in Baghdad in 2007 , officials have sought to determine how he could have removed voluminous amounts of secret data without being caught .
A Defense Department directive from November 2008 prohibits the use of small thumb drives or larger external memory devices on any of the estimated seven million computers operated by the Pentagon and armed services .
The order was issued to forestall the accidental infection of national security computer networks by viruses  and the intentional removal of classified information .
Defense Department computers have their portals disabled to prevent the use of external memory devices that are ubiquitous in homes , offices and schools , officials said .
A recent amendment to the order allows the rare use of thumb drives , but only with official approval as required by a current mission .
She said yes !
In the middle of a busy day of solving everyone ’s problems , making videos , and smelling fabulous , the Old Spice Guy sent Johannes S. Beals ’ girlfriend a personal video asking her to marry him .
To marry Beals , that is .
OSG is busy .
Seven hours later , Beals described himself as happily engaged .
Actor Isaiah Mustafa can do anything , as he ’s been telling you and showing you from a bathroom somewhere since February in his commercials as “ the man your man could smell like . ”
Now he ’s making custom videos .
It started with a post on Twitter saying , “ Today could be just like the other 364 days you log into Twitter , or maybe the Old Spice man shows up @ OldSpice . ”
That was followed by a post on Reddit.com asking for questions .
And a deluge of replies and videos to people who have written about him in the past , all without ever putting his shirt on .
The latest twist in the hugely popular ad campaigns featuring Mustafa is “ a perfect storm of viralty , ” according to tech website Mashable.com .
Not to mention virility .
“ Not only does it target specific bloggers , it also reaches out to less prominent individuals ( who ) become personally invested in the brand because they have actually become part of the world it has created , ” says Mashable ’s Brenna Ehrlich .
The Old Spice commercials launched during the U.S. Super Bowl and carried through the Olympics and the World Cup .
They ’ve hit a combined 18 million views plus on YouTube , including one about how it was all done .
The 36 - year - old actor told the Los Angeles Times in February that his smouldering , smug persona was n’t planned .
He did an over - the - top version of his script into an answering machine for a friend , former Arizona Cardinals / Denver Broncos quarterback Jake Plummer , and decided to keep it .
Mustafa comes by his athletic physique honestly :
He was a receiver for the Seattle Seahawks and played in the NFL Europe league .
With his shirt on .
AT FIRST sight , China 's proposed sale of two civilian nuclear - power reactors to Pakistan hardly seems a danger sign .
Pakistan already has the bomb , so it has all the nuclear secrets it needs .
Next - door India has the bomb too , and has been seeking similar deals with other countries .
Yet the sale ( really a gift , as Pakistan is broke ) has caused shudders at the Nuclear Suppliers Group ( NSG ) , an informal cartel of countries who want to stop their advanced nuclear technology getting into the wrong hands .
They are meeting in New Zealand , for what was supposed to be a quiet and nerdish rule - tightening session .
But their efforts may now fall victim to China 's rivalry with America .
By any measure , Pakistan is a shocker .
Its proliferation record would make the serial nuclear mischief - makers of North Korea blush .
If the Chinese reactor deal goes ahead , the damage will be huge : beyond just stoking the already alarming nuclear rivalry between Pakistan and India .
That does not deter China , which still seethes about the way in which the Bush administration in 2008 browbeat other NSG members into exempting America 's friend India from the group 's rules .
These banned nuclear trade , even civilian deals , with countries like India and Pakistan , but also Israel and now North Korea , that resist full international safeguards on all their nuclear industry .
America argued that India had a spotless non-proliferation record ( it does n't ) and that bringing it into the non-proliferation “ mainstream ” could only bolster global anti-proliferation efforts ( it did n't ) .
The deal incensed not just China and Pakistan but many others , inside and outside the NSG .
An immediate casualty was the effort to get all members of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) , who have already promised not to seek the bomb , to sign up to an additional protocol on toughened safeguards .
Many have , but on hearing of the America - India deal Brazil 's president is reputed to have flatly ruled that out .
And where Brazil has put its foot down , others have also hesitated .
What particularly riles outsiders is that America did not get anything much out of India in return .
It did not win backing for new anti-proliferation obligations , such as a legally binding test ban or for an end to the further production of fissile uranium or plutonium for bombs .
India has since designated some of its reactors as civilian , and open to inspection , but others still churn out spent fuel richly laden with weapons - usable plutonium .
India can potentially make even more of the stuff .
Now that it can import uranium fuel for its civilian reactors , it can devote more of its scarce domestic supplies to bomb - making .
Pakistan suffers no such uranium shortage and is determined to match India .
According to analysis of satellite imagery by the Washington - based Institute for Science and International Security , it is greatly expanding its capacity to produce weapons - usable plutonium , as well as uranium .
China has given Pakistan lots of nuclear and missile help in the past .
It even passed it a tested design of one of its own missile - mountable warheads .
This was one of the most damaging proliferation acts of the nuclear age , since the same design was later passed by Pakistan to Libya and possibly Iran and others .
But after China joined the NPT in 1992 and the NSG in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially ( some Chinese firms are still involved in illicit nuclear trade with several states ) .
But on joining the NSG , it argued that it had already promised to build the second of two nuclear reactors for Pakistan at Chasma in Punjab and would therefore go ahead .
Some grumbled .
But it seemed a price worth paying to have China inside , playing by the NSG 's rules rather than outside , undermining them .
The latest sale blows a hole in that hope .
A big leaky tent
China is trying a legalistic defence of the sale of the third and fourth reactors at Chasma .
But its real point is this : if America can bend the rules for India , then China can break them for Pakistan .
Pakistan hopes that it will eventually get a deal like India's .
Some in Barack Obama 's administration have supported this , on the ground that America needs Pakistan 's support in the fight against al - Qaeda and the Taleban .
Israel would n't mind such an exemption either .
The NSG 's damage - control efforts now centre on a new rule to bar the sale of kit for uranium - enrichment or plutonium - reprocessing to any country outside the NPT .
That , predictably , annoys India .
The deal also affects efforts to contain Iran .
Western diplomats seeking support for UN sanctions on the Islamic republic find themselves receiving a wigging over the double standards used with India .
Iranian officials used to argue that they just wanted to be treated like Japan .
It has free access to advanced nuclear technology .
But unlike Iran , Japan does not repeatedly violate nuclear safeguards .
Some Iranian officials now muse boldly that the big powers will eventually come to do deals with them , just as they did with India .
Iran 's latest raspberry in response to a fourth round of UN sanctions was to ban two nuclear inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency , the UN 's nuclear guardian .
Iran dislikes its reports on the regime 's dubious nuclear activities .
If Pakistan really is worried about India 's growing nuclear arsenal , diplomacy might work better than an arms race .
George Perkovich of the Carnegie Endowment , a think tank , says Pakistan should lift its veto on a ban on the production of fissile materials for bombs .
That would put India ( which claims to support a ban ) on the spot .
Like enriched uranium , hypocrisy can be costlier than it seems .
Economic turmoil is a reality which towns in America 's ' Rust Belt ' have been struggling with for years .
The decline of the steel industry crippled places like Youngstown , Ohio , and left it searching for new businesses to fill the void .
Now they are getting a lift from a somewhat unlikely place .
David Brancaccio reports .
The government has introduced new copyright legislation that would legalize activities commonly engaged in by thousands of Canadians — such as copying a CD — but which would prohibit breaking digital locks placed on gadgets and media .
The legislation , Bill C - 32 , proposes enshrining in law some of the following measures :
The express legalization of format shifting , or the copying of content from one device to another , such as a CD to a computer or an iPod .
The express legalization of time shifting , or recording television programs for later viewing but not for the purposes of building up a library .
Allowing consumers to make a back - up copy of content to protect against loss or damage .
A YouTube clause that allows people to mash up media under certain circumstances , as long as it's not for commercial gain .
A " notice - and - notice " system where copyright holders will inform internet providers of possible piracy from their customers .
The ISP would then be required to notify the customer that he or she was violating the law .
The violator 's personal information could then be released to the copyright holder with a court order .
ISPs and search engines would be immune from the copyright violations of their users .
A differentiation of commercial copyright violation versus individual violation .
Individuals found violating copyright law could be liable for penalties between $ 100 and $ 5,000 , which is below the current $ 20,000 maximum .
New exceptions to fair dealing that will allow copyright violations for the purposes of parody , satire and education .
A key clause regarding the breaking of digital locks , however , could trump many of those other permissions .
The bill would make it illegal for a person to crack a digital lock placed on a device , disc or file .
It would be illegal to copy a CD or digital song sold with copy protection on it , for example .
A television broadcaster could also air a program with a code inserted into it that would prevent it from being recorded , or that would delete it from a PVR after a certain amount of time .
It would be illegal for consumers to attempt to circumvent those codes .
The bill would also make illegal the sale or importation of tools designed to break digital locks , and allow copyright holders to go after websites designed to encourage violations and piracy .
Industry Minister Tony Clement and Heritage Minister James Moore introduced the legislation at the Electronic Arts video game studio in Montreal on Wednesday .
The duo veered from standard protocol , where ministers introduce bills in the House of Commons , to illustrate the importance of copyright to Canada 's cultural industries .
The EA studio in Montreal employs more than 700 people .
Earlier in the day , Moore told reporters in Ottawa that the proposed law represented a balanced approach to updating Canada 's laws so that they are in line with other developed nations .
" Consumers and creators both need to be empowered .
Every day consumers have to have reassurance what they 're doing is n't illegal , that what they want to do with their own information is their own choice , " he said .
" But at the same time , we also want to make reassurances that Canada is not going to be an outlier on the international stage when it comes to allowing piracy and the theft of people 's creations . "
Reactions mixed
Reaction to the bill was mixed .
Consumer and education advocates were critical of the lock provisions while entertainment companies cheered them .
" To put it bluntly , the legislation presented today will make it even more difficult for university and college teachers and students to have access to and use copyrighted materials for teaching and learning , " said David Robinson , associate executive director of the Canadian Association of University Teachers , in a statement .
" By imposing a blanket provision against all circumvention , the government will lock down a vast amount of digital material , effectively preventing its use for research , education and innovation and curtailing the user rights of Canadians . "
The Entertainment Software Association of Canada said the legislation will help limit piracy of digital content such as video games .
" Without strong protection for our intellectual property , we 're basically operating in a digital Wild West , " said executive director Danielle Parr in a statement .
" Promoting piracy under the guise of ' user rights ' does nothing to defend the livelihood of thousands of Canadians who rely on turning great ideas into world class entertainment . "
The Canadian Film and Television Production Association said the new bill will help protect the 160,000 jobs in the areas of film , television and online content creation .
" While we will need to study the bill in detail , we believe that today ’s announcement is an important first step in bringing Canada in line with our competitors around the world , allowing our creative industries to flourish , " said president and chief executive Norm Bolen .
Bill is government 's third attempt
The new bill is the government 's third attempt at updating copyright laws .
In 2005 , the Liberal government introduced Bill C - 60 , which also contained a clause that prohibited the breaking of digital locks .
The bill was criticized for favouring the interests of copyright holders over consumers and died when Parliament was dissolved in the fall of that year .
In 2008 , the Conservative government tried again with Bill C - 61 , which also had anti-circumvention rules and faced similar criticism .
That bill died when Parliament was prorogued .
In each case , critics said the government was catering to the U.S. entertainment industry , which has lobbied hard for strong anti-circumvention laws similar to those found in the United States .
The U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright
Act makes it illegal to break digital locks on devices and content , although there are some exceptions .
Consumers are allowed , for example , to crack the locks placed on their cellphones .
Bill C - 32 proposes a similar exception .
The legislation 's introduction follows a lengthy cross-country consultation held by Clement and Moore last year .
Thousands of Canadians took part in the process , and many said they did not want restrictive locks put on their electronic devices and digital goods .
Clement has said the legislation is not a done deal and that he hopes to further discuss it with opposition parties over the summer .
The Liberals have said they are willing to do so , but the NDP could take a hard - line stance .
The party 's copyright critic Charlie Angus , the MP for Timmins - James Bay , in March introduced a private member 's bill that proposed an additional tax be placed on digital devices such as iPods and laptops .
The tax would be an extension of the private copying levy , a fee that Canadians currently pay on blank media such as CDs , that is used to compensate copyright holders for the copies being made on that media .
Angus argued that extending the fee to devices would effectively make copying legal yet still compensate content creators .
In an interview , Angus criticized the digital lock provisions .
" The only rights you will get under this bill are those that U.S. - based entertainment concerns decide you get , " he said .
" If the technological protections override those rights , then you have no rights . "
Angus , a musician himself , also said the proposed legislation makes no provisions for artists , despite broadening consumers ' ability to copy media .
His view was echoed by the Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television and Radio Artists .
" How is it balanced to allow people to make copies of our work without giving us anything in return ?
Half the bill is missing , the half that respects and pays creators , " said ACTRA president Ferne Downey .
" The simple step of extending the private copying levy to digital devices is a win - win solution for consumers and artists , it seems like it would have been a no - brainer . "
Liberal copyright critic Marc Garneau , the MP for Westmount - Ville - Marie , said the bill seems to be missing an exception that would allow people to break digital locks if it was for private , non-commercial use , but added that his party will have to study it further .
" This is a bill that needs to go through the parliamentary process , " he said .
" It 's going to take us a little while to assess what is being proposed . "
Clement has said he would like to fast - track Bill C - 32 and has invited opposition parties to the table in hopes of hammering out its kinks over the summer .
Angus and Garneau both expressed doubts that proper discussion over the legislation can be done quickly .
Both said it would likely be fall before any real work is done .
Michael Geist , a law professor at the University of Ottawa and staunch advocate of balanced copyright , said the proposed legislation was flawed but fixable .
The fair dealing definitions and exceptions need to be broadened and consumers need to be given the right to break locks for personal uses , he wrote on his blog .
" There will undoubtedly be attacks on the fair dealing reforms and pressure to repeal them , along with the U.S. and the copyright lobby demanding that their digital lock provisions be left untouched , " Geist said .
" If Canadians stay quiet , both are distinct possibilities .
If they speak out , perhaps the bill can be fixed . "
My project .
This post assumes that the reader has read my last post .
I ’m posting this weekly report earlier this week because there are too many things to tell already .
I ’ve found the reason behind the segfault I ’m looking for so much time .
The last problem , which is the only I know exactly when was fixed , because the programs started working , was related to allocating two times in the same region of memory .
This happened because in each major GC the list of free line groups is generated again , but my old code was still allocating in the same line group of the last generation .
So the last part of the line group , which was not yet used , would be a part of a line group in generated in the new collection , and it will be used for allocation two times : one in the allocation of the current line group , and another when this new line group starts being allocated .
The implementation of the allocation of memory in lines is not very complicated , but it has some details that should be paid attention , and that were the cause of most trouble last weeks , and still need improvement .
Initially I was allocating one object per line , just to see if it would work .
As it did n’t , I kept on improving the approach until I could find the problem .
The next attempt was by setting ws -> todo_free and ws-> todo_lim in alloc_for_copy ( ) in rts/sm/Evac.c .
I think this is not ideal , because I did n’t want the code to become too inconsistent with the way memory was allocated using these pointers before my changes .
So I created new variables , line_free and line_lim , at first in the gen_workspace ws , the same place that todo_free and todo_lim are , but because of the last problem I described in the previous paragraph I changed it to generation .
I ’m still not sure about where to place these pointers , this is something that can be improved .
Another problem that I took a long time to understand is that the object need to be scavenged after being allocated .
When it was allocated in todo_free , it was being scavenged by scavenge_block ( ) in rts/sm / Scav.c , because the block in which it ’s in , todo_bd , is scavenged by this function .
As I did n’t wanted to the whole block where the free line group is to get scavenged again , I did n’t want to send it to this function .
So I thought about creating a way to scavenge only part of a block , that is , the space in the free line group that was allocated .
This is still a valid idea , but I noticed that it was easier to use the mark stack .
So I mark the object that is allocated in the line and push it in the mark stack .
The main problem with this approach it ’s only possible to allocate in lines during major GCs , since only in this kind of GCs the mark stack is active .
This is certainly the place where I can make more improvement .
The patch of these changes and another one for the sanity checking explained in the last post .
I ’m now benchmarking these changes with nofib , to see how much it affects the performance .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Curtir isso : Curtir Carregando ...
Relacionado
Scientists have released a new kind of map that uses NASA satellite data to show the height of forest canopies around the world .
Although there are other local - and regional - scale forest canopy maps , the new map is the first that spans the entire globe based on one uniform method .
The work — based on data collected by NASA 's ICESat , Terra , and Aqua satellites — should help scientists build an inventory of how much carbon the world 's forests store and how fast that carbon cycles through ecosystems and back into the atmosphere .
The map reveals that the world 's tallest forests are clustered in the American Pacific Northwest , and areas of Southeast Asia .
Image caption
The US Copyright Group promises to help copyright owners recoup losses
US civil liberties group the Electronic Frontier Foundation will give evidence in a Washington court on Wednesday , aimed at stopping the US 's largest net pirate hunt .
It wants the court to throw out thousands of lawsuits against alleged illegal file - sharers , brought by the US Copyright Group .
EFF argues the mass litigations deprive individuals of a fair trial .
The case has implications for other countries pursuing similar cases .
The US Copyright Group , a Washington - based law firm , has filed lawsuits on behalf of seven film - makers , accusing over 14,000 individuals of downloading films illegally , including Oscar - winning movie The Hurt Locker .
High stakes
EFF will argue that mass litigation is unfair .
" We contend that these suits improperly lump thousands of defendants together , a shortcut that deprives the defendants of fair access to individual justice , " EFF said in a statement .
A federal court in Washington DC will hear oral arguments from the EFF on Wednesday .
USCG has been sending letters to identified illegal file - sharers asking them to pay a fine of around $ 1,500 - $ 2,500 ( £ 1,000 - £ 1,670 ) or face a copyright suit of up to $ 150,000 ( £ 100,000 ) .
" The stakes are high for anyone identified in USCG 's slipshod cases .
USCG 's strategy appears to be to threaten a judgement of up to $ 150,000 per downloaded movie - the maximum penalty allowable by law in copyright suits and a very unlikely judgement in cases arising from a single , non-commercial infringment , " EFF said in a statement .
The threat " puts pressure on alleged infringers to settle quickly " , it added .
EFF and other groups have been concerned about the tactics being employed by some law firms pursuing alleged file - sharers .
The methods used to track down infringers are not fool - proof because they identify the computer that downloaded the material rather than the actual individual .
In some cases , alleged file - sharers could be the victim of wi-fi hijacks , where someone uses an unsecured network to steal music and films .
Form fillers
In the UK , consumer watchdog Which ?
has been highlighting cases where people have been wrongly accused of file - sharing .
The allegations have come from law firm ACS : Law which has sent thousands of letters identifing illegal file - sharers and offering them the option of a one - off £ 500 fine or court action .
Which ?
reports this week that the firm is now sending questionnaires to alleged file - sharers who deny they were responsible for illegal downloading .
The questionnaire asks users to submit their computers to a forensic examination and answer other questions about their computer connection .
" We believe this is the latest example of bullying behaviour by ACS Law , which says that if people do n't complete its questionnaire , it has no option but to consider them guilty .
Declining to fill in a form is not evidence of guilt , " said Deborah Prince , Which 's head of legal affairs .
ACS : Law has said its actions are legitimate , given how big a problem illegal file - sharing is for the music and film industries .
" It is the equivalent of someone stood outside HMV with a pile of the latest albums , handing them out to people who were intending to go in the shop and buy it , " ACS : Law partner Andrew Crossley told the BBC .
To date the US Copyright Group has declined to comment despite requests from the BBC .
Historic US legislation to overhaul the rules on Wall Street took a big step Monday towards final passage as a holdout Republican senator said he would vote for the White House - backed bill .
“ While it is n’t perfect , I expect to support the bill when it comes up for a vote , ” said Republican senator Scott Brown , the target of ardent courtship by President Barack Obama ’s Democratic allies in Congress .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It includes safeguards to help prevent another financial meltdown , ensures that consumers are protected , and it is paid for without new taxes , ” Brown said in a statement that virtually assured that the measure will pass .
Democrats and their two independent allies control 58 seats in the Senate , but one Democrat has said he will oppose the measure , leaving them three votes shy of the 60 needed to ensure passage over any parliamentary delaying tactics .
Brown ’s vote was among the most closely watched , and his announcement came after Democrats took the unusual step of scrubbing a 19 - billion - dollar bank fee from the bill after he warned he would oppose the measure because of it .
The US House of Representatives approved the legislation on June 30 , and the Senate was expected to act on the bill as early as this week , sending it to Obama to sign into law in what would be a huge White House political victory .
Brown warned in his statement that final passage “ does n’t mean our work is done ” and called for “ further reforms ” to address the government ’s role in the 2007 - 2009 global economic collapse as well as overhaul state - backed mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
First published Mon Apr 21 , 2008 ; substantive revision Wed Dec 2 , 2015
Reliabilism is an approach to epistemology that emphasizes the truth - conduciveness of a belief - forming process , method , or other epistemologically relevant factors .
The reliability theme appears in theories of knowledge , of justification , and of evidence .
“ Reliabilism ” is sometimes used broadly to refer to any theory that emphasizes truth - getting or truth indicating properties .
More commonly it is used narrowly to refer to process reliabilism about justification .
This entry discusses reliabilism in both broad and narrow senses , but concentrates on the theory of justification .
It is generally agreed that a person S knows a proposition P only if S believes P and P is true .
Since all theories accept this knowledge - truth connection , reliabilism as a distinctive approach to knowledge is restricted to theories that involve truth - promoting factors above and beyond the truth of the target proposition .
What this additional truth - link consists in , however , varies widely .
Perhaps the first formulation of a reliability account of knowing appeared in a brief discussion by F.P. Ramsey ( 1931 ) , who said that a belief is knowledge if it is true , certain and obtained by a reliable process .
This attracted no attention at the time and apparently did not influence reliability theories of the 1960s , 70s , or 80s .
Another early reliability - type theory was Peter Unger ’s ( 1968 ) proposal that S knows that P just in case it is not at all accidental that S is right about its being the case that P .
S ’s being right about P amounts to S ’s believing truly that P .
Its not being accidental that S is right about P amounts to there being something in S ’s situation that makes it highly probable that S would be right .
David Armstrong ( 1973 ) offered an analysis of non-inferential knowledge that explicitly used the term “ reliable ” .
He drew an analogy between a thermometer that reliably indicates the temperature and a belief that reliably indicates the truth .
According to this account , a non-inferential belief qualifies as knowledge if the belief has properties that are nomically sufficient for its truth , i.e. , guarantees its truth via laws of nature .
This can be considered a reliable - indicator theory of knowing .
Alvin Goldman offered his first formulation of a reliable process theory of knowing — as a refinement of the causal theory of knowing — in a short paper on innate knowledge ( Goldman 1975 ) .
In the 1970s and 1980s several subjunctive or counterfactual theories of knowing were offered with reliabilist contours .
The first was Fred Dretske ’s “ Conclusive Reasons ” ( 1971 ) , which proposed that S ’s belief that P qualifies as knowledge just in case S believes P because of reasons he possesses that would not obtain unless P were true .
In other words , S ’s reasons — the way an object appears to S , for example — are a reliable indicator of the truth of P .
This idea was elaborated in Dretske ’s Knowledge and the Flow of Information ( 1981 ) , which linked knowing to getting information from a source through a reliable channel .
Meanwhile , Goldman also proposed a kind of counterfactual reliability theory in “ Discrimination and Perceptual Knowledge ” ( 1976 ) .
This theory developed the idea of knowledge excluding “ relevant alternatives ” , an idea already adumbrated in Dretske ’s “ Epistemic Operators ” ( 1970 ) .
In Goldman ’s treatment , a person perceptually knows that P just in case ( roughly ) she arrives at a belief in P based on a perceptual experience that enables her to discriminate the truth of P from all relevant alternatives .
On this approach , S ’s knowing that P is compatible with there being “ radical ” ( hence irrelevant ) situations — for example , brain - in - a - vat situations — in which P would be false although S has the same experience and belief .
Gail Stine ( 1976 ) explored this approach with respect to knowledge , skepticism , and deductive closure ( i.e. , the principle that one knows all that is implied — or all that one knows to be implied — by what one knows ) .
Robert Nozick ( 1981 ) proposed a theory with similar contours , a theory he called a “ tracking ” theory .
In addition to truth and belief , Nozick ’s conditions for knowledge were : ( 1 ) if P were not true then S would not believe that P , and ( 2 ) if P were true , S would believe that P .
The first of the two tracking conditions was subsequently called the “ sensitivity ” requirement .
A number of counterexamples have been produced to this condition ( see especially DeRose 1995 ) .
A similar tracking condition that has gained attention recently is a “ safety ” condition .
Safety can be explained in slightly different formulations ( see Ernest Sosa 1996 , 2000 ; Timothy Williamson 2000 ; Duncan Pritchard 2005 ) , including “ if S believes that P , then P would not easily have been false ” , or “ in all of the nearest worlds where S believes that P , P is true ” .
Williamson classifies the safety approach as a species of reliability theory ( 2000 : 123–124 ) .
Reliability theories are partly motivated by the threat of skepticism .
It is natural to think that if you know that P then in some sense you “ ca n’t be wrong ” about P .
But what is the relevant sense of “ can’t ” ?
Does it mean that your evidence must logically preclude the possibility of error ?
If so , very few propositions would be known .
Reliability theories , in their various ways , propose weaker but still substantial senses of “ ca n’t be wrong ” .
For example , the relevant - alternatives theory allows that one can know that P even if there are logically possible situations in which one ’s evidence is the same but P is false .
But it insists that there be no relevant possible situations in which one ’s evidence is the same but P is false .
Such an account is not so seriously threatened by skepticism .
Reliability theories of knowledge continue to appeal to epistemologists , and permutations abound .
The reliability theories presented above focus on modal reliability , on getting truth and avoiding error in possible worlds with specified relations to the actual one .
They also focus on local reliability , that is , truth - acquisition in scenarios linked to the specific scenario in question as opposed to truth - getting by a process or method over a wide range of cases .
Other reliabilisms focus on global reliability : the reliability of the type of process or method used across all or many of its applications .
Goldman ’s Epistemology and Cognition ( 1986 ) combines both local and global reliability in its account of knowledge .
The first reliabilist approach to justification , and the one most widely discussed , is process reliabilism .
This was originally formulated by Goldman in “ What Is Justified Belief ? ” ( 1979 ) .
Goldman begins by proposing some constraints or desiderata for any account of justification .
First , theories of justification should specify conditions for justified belief that do not invoke the justification concept itself , or any other epistemically normative concepts such as reasonability or rationality .
The aim — or hope , at any rate — is to provide a “ reductive ” account of justification that does n’t rely , explicitly or implicitly , on any notions that entail justification or other members of the same family .
This requirement has bite to it .
For example , it might p­reclude an analysis of justified belief in terms of “ evidence ” , unless “ evidence ” can itself be characterized in non-epistemic terms .
What kinds of terms or properties are appropriate , then , for constructing an account of justification ?
Permissible concepts or properties would include doxastic ones , such as belief , disbelief and suspension of judgment ; and any other purely psychological concepts , such as ones that refer to perceptual experience or memory .
Given the assumption that truth and falsity are non-epistemic notions , they would also be perfectly legitimate for use in analyzing justifiedness .
Another admissible element in an account of justifiedness , it was proposed , is the causal relation .
Proceeding under these constraints , Goldman was led to the reliable process theory as follows .
( The main theory is addressed to doxastic justifiedness — i.e. , having of a justified belief — rather than propositional justifiedness — i.e. , having justification for a proposition .
It will be the sole topic of our discussion . )
First , examples were used to show that whether or not a particular belief is justified depends on how that belief is caused , or causally sustained .
Suppose that Sharon believes ( justifiedly ) a conjunction of propositions , Q and R , from which P logically follows .
And suppose that , soon after forming this conjunction of beliefs , Sharon also forms a belief in P .
Does it follow that Sharon ’s belief in P is justified ?
No. First , although Sharon believes Q and R , those propositions may play no ( causal ) role in her coming to believe P .
She may form her belief purely by wishful thinking .
She hopes that P is going to be true , and therefore ( somehow ) comes to believe it .
Alternatively , suppose she uses some kind of “ reasoning ” that begins with Q and R .
It is quite confused reasoning but serendipitously leads to P .
In neither case is her resulting belief in P justified .
This shows that a necessary condition on a belief to be justified is that it be produced or generated in a suitable way .
What kinds of belief–forming processes are suitable or proper , and what kinds are defective or unsuitable ?
One feature that wishful thinking and confused reasoning have in common is unreliability .
By contrast , which types of belief - forming processes confer justification ?
They include standard perceptual processes , remembering , good reasoning , and introspection .
What do these processes share ?
Reliability : most of the beliefs they produce are true .
( This formulation is slightly refined later . )
Thus , the main proposal of “ What Is Justified Belief ? ” was that a belief ’s justifiedness is fixed by the reliability or unreliability of the process or processes that cause it .
Reliability might be understood in a frequency sense ( pertaining to what occurs in the actual world ) or a propensity sense ( pertaining both to actual - world and possible - world outcomes ) .
Justification is conferred on a belief by the truth - ratio ( reliability ) of the process that generates it .
Just how high a truth - ratio a process must have to confer justification is left vague , just as the justification concept itself is vague .
The truth - ratio need not be 1.0 , but the threshold must surely be greater ( presumably quite a bit greater ) than .50 .
A number of consequences were inferred from these main points , and refinements were added .
One consequence was that process reliabilism is a “ historical ” theory .
A reliable inferential process , for example , confers justification on an output belief only if the input beliefs ( premises ) are themselves justified .
How could their justifiedness have arisen ?
Presumably , by having been caused by earlier applications of reliable processes .
This chain must ultimately terminate in reliable processes that themselves have no doxastic inputs .
Perceptual inputs are a good candidate for such processes .
Thus , on this approach , justifiedness is often a matter of a history of personal cognitive processes .
The historical feature of process reliabilism contrasts sharply with traditional foundationalism and coherentism , in which one ’s concurrent mental states are the only justification - determining factors .
These fundamental ideas were spelled out by Goldman in “ What Is Justified Belief ? ” ( 1979/2012 ) in a series of principles : base - clause principles and recursive - clause principles .
The initial one was ( 1 ) :
(1) If S ’s believing p at t results from a reliable cognitive belief - forming process ( or set of processes ) , then S ’s belief in p at t is justified .
This principle may fit cases of perceptually caused beliefs and other beliefs that make no use of prior doxastic states ( as inputs ) , but inferential beliefs seem to require a different principle .
When a belief results from inference , its justificational status depends not only on the properties of the inferential process but also on whether the premise beliefs of the inference are themselves justified .
To accommodate this , a slightly more complex principle was introduced :
(2) If S ’s belief in p results from a belief - dependent process that is conditionally reliable , and if the beliefs ( if any ) on which this process operates in producing S ’s belief in p at t are themselves justified , then S ’s belief in p at t is justified .
By philosophical standards , these are not terribly complex principles ; and , perhaps they invoke only a smallish set of core ideas .
Thus , process reliabilism is a comparatively simple and straightforward theory .
Such simplicity has usually been viewed as a virtue of the approach .
( After all , theories in this territory are trying to capture the intuitive conception of justification of ordinary folk .
How complex can their conception be ?
Ceteris paribus , then , simple theories are preferable to more complex ones . )
Of course , matters are more complicated than the foregoing principles convey .
They ignore cases in which the agent has “ defeating ” evidence for the proposition he or she comes to believe .
“ What Is Justified Belief ? ” therefore proposed a further principle to accommodate this additional detail .
But we shall not explore this further complication ( to appreciate its significance , however , see Beddor 2015 ) .
The attractiveness of reliabilism can be illustrated by seeing how it handles a challenging type of example .
How might it handle directly justified beliefs , for instance ?
Richard Feldman ( 2003 ) presents the following case .
Two bird - watchers , a novice and an expert , are together in the woods when a pink - spotted flycatcher alights on a branch .
Both form a belief that it ’s a pink - spotted flycatcher .
The expert is immediately justified in believing this but the novice is n’t ; the latter just jumps to this conclusion out of excitement .
Process reliabilism has adequate resources to handle this case ( Goldman 2008 ) .
The crucial difference between expert and novice lies in the difference between their respective belief - forming processes .
The expert presumably connects selected features of his current visual experience to things stored in memory about pink - spotted flycatchers , securing an appropriate match between features in the experience and features in the memory store .
The novice does no such thing ; he just guesses .
Thus , the expert ’s method of identification is reliable whereas the novice ’s method is unreliable .
Because of the influence — though hardly uncontested influence — of this work on process reliabilism , as well as the reliabilist work surveyed in section 1 , many commentators see epistemology as having undergone a major shift in recent decades .
Michael Williams writes :
Since the nineteen sixties , Anglophone epistemology has undergone a paradigm shift : “ the Reliabilist Revolution ” .
( Williams forthcoming )
Williams himself seeks to resist this revolution , but does not dispute its occurrence .
To pinpoint the core changes , it helps to distinguish two types of approaches to justification : “ internalism ” and “ externalism ” .
Internalism is usually identified as the dominant theme in epistemology ’s history since Descartes , continuing through most of the 20th century .
Externalism is the new game in town , of which reliabilism is a salient example .
What are the main features of internalism and externalism respectively ?
There are two ways to fix what properties or states of affairs qualify as justifiers , or J - factors , according to internalism .
On one option , a property or state of affairs F is a justifier for agent S ( at t ) only if F is directly accessible to S at t .
On the second option , a property or state of affairs F is a justifier for S at t only if F is a mental state of S at t .
The first view is called “ accessibilism ” and the second “ mentalism ” ( Feldman and Conee 2001 ) .
What is direct accessibility ?
Roughly , it means knowability by some introspective or reflective method .
Externalism is , generally speaking , the denial of internalism .
For present purposes , it is a denial of both of the indicated forms of internalism .
Given these definitions , it is pretty obvious that reliabilism must be a variety of externalism , because it holds that being caused by a reliable process is a ( prima facie ) justifier of a belief .
But being reliably caused is neither a ( pure ) mental state nor something directly accessible in the intended sense .
Being reliably caused is a matter of truth - conduciveness , and truth conduciveness is not introspectively or reflectively accessible .
Similarly , reliabilism holds that processes used in the past may be justificationally relevant to a currently held belief ( because of the historicity of justifiedness ) .
But processes used in the past are not mental states concurrent with the target belief , and are not , in general ( if at all ) , directly accessible to an agent now .
Thus , since reliabilism does n’t require these properties to hold of J - factors , it is a form of externalism .
Of course , reliabilists do n’t shy away from this consequence ; they are generally happy with these features of their package .
First , reliability theories avoid the stringent conditions of some internalist theories , conditions that are arguably too demanding to account for the extent of justified belief .
Second , examination of cases strongly supports process reliability as central to justification .
Thus , although tweaking may be needed , reliabilists see externalism as a good path for epistemology to follow .
Although the details of the internalism / externalism debate are complex — and wo n’t be pursued further here [ see SEP entry on internalist vs. externalist conceptions of epistemic justification ] — it should be clear that there is a major dispute here , so that a departure from the internalist perspective , as process reliabilism advocates , is indeed a substantial matter for epistemologists .
Hence Williams ’s talk of a “ revolution ” . [ 1 ]
A number of problems for process reliabilism were identified in its own initial formulation or shortly thereafter .
One type of problem is that its conditions seem too weak for justifiedness .
Does it suffice for a belief ’s justifiedness that it be caused by a reliable process ?
Must n’t it also meet a meta- justification condition , for example , a “ \( J \rightarrow JJ\ ) ” condition , according to which if one ’s belief in p is justified , then one also justifiedly believes that one justifiedly believes p?
Explicit use in a theory of the JJ principle itself , of course , would violate the constraints for a reductive account of justification .
An account of justification ( or at least a “ base - clause ” component of such an account ) should not feature the very notion of justification itself .
All right , but maybe one could add a requirement that the agent have a reliably - caused higher - order belief that his / her first - order belief is reliably caused .
This proposal , unfortunately , is both too strong and too weak .
It is too strong because agents do not constantly monitor their first - order beliefs for reliability and form higher - order beliefs about them .
To require such continual monitoring as a condition of first - order justifiedness would be excessive .
Too few beliefs would qualify as justified .
Second , if one feels the need for higher - level requirements , why should they stop at the second level ?
Why not require a third - order reliably formed belief , and a fourth - order one , etc . ?
Here looms the threat of an infinite regress .
Third , why should a critic who regards simple reliable causation as insufficient for justification be satisfied with any higher - order requirements ?
If simple reliable causation at the first level is insufficient , why should justification be guaranteed by reliability at any higher level ?
Some reliabilists will be inclined to strengthen the requirement for justification by adding a negative requirement , namely , that the agent not believe that her first - order belief is unreliably caused ( or — what is arguably more in keeping with the spirit of reliabilism — that the agent not reliably believe that her first - order belief is so - caused ) .
A second problem for process reliabilism is the “ new evil - demon problem ” ( Cohen 1984 ; Pollock 1984 ; Feldman 1985 ; Foley 1985 ) .
Imagine a world where an evil demon creates non-veridical perceptions of physical objects in everybody ’s minds .
All of these perceptions are qualitatively identical to ours , but are false in the world in question .
Hence , their perceptual belief - forming processes ( as judged by the facts in that world ) are unreliable ; and their beliefs so caused are unjustified .
But since their perceptual experiences — hence evidence — are qualitatively identical to ours , should n’t those beliefs in the demon world be justified ?
Evidently , then , reliabilism must deliver the wrong verdict in this case .
One line of response to this problem is to argue that it does n’t follow from the low truth - ratio of processes in the demon world that the beliefs must be categorized as unjustified according to reliabilism , because reliabilism need not use the processes ’ truth - ratios in the world of the example as the standard of evaluation .
That this is the standard was assumed in posing the objection ; but it was n’t clearly so stated in the formulation of reliabilism .
It is open to reliabilists to chart a different course , to choose a different standard of process reliability .
Perhaps the appropriate domain or standard is the truth - ratio of the processes in the actual world .
However , the plausibility or rationale for such an alternative standard is not obvious .
We return to this issue in section 4 and again in sub-section 5.2 .
A third objection to reliabilism , which also surfaced early on , argues that reliability is n’t sufficient for justification .
The principle example here is due to Laurence BonJour ( 1980 ) .
His strongest example describes a subject , Norman , who has a perfectly reliable clairvoyance faculty , but no evidence or reasons for or against the general possibility of a clairvoyant power or for or against his possessing one .
One day Norman ’s clairvoyance faculty produces in him a belief that the President is in New York City , but with no accompanying perception - like experience , just the belief .
Intuitively , says BonJour , he is n’t justified in holding this belief ; but reliabilism implies that he is .
Similar examples were offered by Keith Lehrer ( 1990 ) and Alvin Plantinga ( 1993 ) .
We will re-visit these cases in section 4 .
A fourth problem for reliabilism — perhaps the most discussed problem — is the generality problem .
Originally formulated by Goldman in “ What Is Justified Belief ? ” , it has been pressed more systematically by Feldman ( 1985 ) and Conee and Feldman ( 1998 ) .
Any particular belief is the product of a token causal process in the subject ’s mind / brain , which occurs at a particular time and place .
Such a process token can be “ typed ” , however , in many broader or narrower ways .
Each type will have its own associated level of reliability , commonly distinct from the levels of reliability of other types it instantiates .
Which repeatable type should be selected for purposes of assigning a reliability number to the process token ?
If no ( unique ) type can be selected , what establishes the justificational status of the resulting belief ?
Conee and Feldman ( 1998 ) lay down three requirements for a solution to the generality problem .
First , the solution must be “ principled ” rather than ad hoc .
Second , the type selected should have a reliability plausibly correlated with the justificational status of the ensuing belief .
Third , the solution must remain true to the spirit of reliabilism .
They argue , however , that prospects for finding such a solution are bleak .
A fifth problem , the problem of bootstrapping ( or “ easy knowledge ” ) , is due to Jonathan Vogel ( 2000 ) and Stewart Cohen ( 2002 ) .
Roxanne is a driver who believes whatever her gas gauge “ says ” about the state of her fuel tank , although she has no antecedent reasons to believe it is reliable .
Roxanne often looks at the gauge and arrives at beliefs like the following : “ On this occasion the gauge reads ‘ F ’ and F ” , where the second conjunct implies that the tank is full .
Since the perceptual process by which she arrives at the belief that the gauge reads ‘ F ’ is reliable , and so is the process by which she arrives at the belief that the tank is full ( given that the gauge functions completely properly ) .
According to reliabilism , therefore , her belief in the indicated conjunction should be justified .
Now Roxanne deduces the proposition , “ On this occasion , the gauge is reading accurately . ”
And from ( multiple examples of ) this she induces “ The gauge is reliable ( in general ) ” .
Finally , with a little more deduction she concludes she is justified in believing that her gas tank is full .
Since deduction and induction are reliable processes , Roxanne must also be justified in believing that her gas gauge is full .
Suppose Roxanne does this repeatedly , without ever getting independent information about the gauge ’s reliability .
Is she really justified in this ?
Definitely not , say Vogel and Cohen , because such bootstrapping amounts to epistemic circularity ; it sanctions its own legitimacy ( no matter what ) .
So reliabilism gets this wrong .
A final problem ( for present purposes ) is the so - called “ value problem ” .
Plato claimed that knowledge is more valuable than true belief , and many authors concur with his suggestion .
This raises the puzzle of why this should be so .
What extra value does knowledge have as compared with true belief ?
Focusing on process reliabilism , the question is whether reliabilism can explain this value difference .
( Although our present topic is justification , not knowledge , this organizational matter will be ignored . )
Reliabilism ’s answer , it would seem , is that causation by a reliable process confers extra value on a belief so as to make it justified and / or knowledge .
This suggestion is criticized by several philosophers : Jones ( 1997 ) , Swinburne ( 1999 ) , Zagzebski ( 1996 , 2003 ) , Riggs ( 2002 ) , and Kvanvig ( 2003 ) .
Zagzebski ’s example brings the point home .
Consider a cup of espresso , she says , that is produced by a reliable espresso machine .
[ T ]he reliability of the source [ the expresso machine ] does not … give the product an additional boost of value .
If the espresso tastes good , it makes no difference if it comes from an unreliable machine .
( 2003 : 13 )
Similarly , the epistemic value of a belief cannot be raised by the reliability of the source .
Reliabilists have offered a number of responses to these various problems and objections .
Having already considered a response to the first problem ( in section 3 ) , we turn next to the second and third : the new evil - demon problem and the clairvoyance problem .
One response to the clairvoyance problem is to distinguish prima facie from ultima facie justification .
Process reliabilism is typically couched as a theory of prima facie justification : if S ’s belief that p is the result of a reliable process , but it is maintained in the face of ( sufficiently strong ) countervailing considerations , S ’s belief will not count as ultima facie justified ( that is , it will not be justified full stop ) .
Thus one possibility is that Norman ’s belief that the president is in New York is not ultima facie justified because it is defeated .
A response along these lines was briefly suggested by Goldman ( 1986 : 112 ) .
Of course , a response along these lines needs to be supplemented with a theory of defeat .
Goldman ’s original 1979 article proposed that S ’s belief is defeated as long as there are reliable ( or conditionally reliable ) belief - forming processes available to S such that , if S had used those processes in addition to the process actually used , S would n’t have held the belief in question .
However , it is not entirely clear how this “ Alternative Reliable Process ” account would help in the case of Norman ; what ’s more , some have deemed this theory of defeat problematic on other grounds ( see Beddor 2015 for objections ) .
But even if the Alternative Reliable Process account is deemed wanting , presumably some superior account of defeat is possible .
( Indeed , it seems that any adequate account of justification — not just those of a reliabilist bent — owes us some story about defeat . )
And it may be that the right account of defeat — whatever it is — will help process reliabilism capture the intuition that Norman ’s belief is unjustified .
A different response to the clairvoyance objection is to concede that being the result of a reliable process is n’t sufficient for even prima facie justification ; some further condition must be met .
Jack Lyons ( 2009 , 2011 ) develops a novel reliabilist response to the clairvoyance challenge along precisely these lines .
According to Lyons , in order for a non-inferential belief to be justified , it must be the result of a “ primal system ” .
Drawing on research in cognitive science , Lyons proposes that a primal system is any cognitive system that meets two conditions : ( i ) it is “ inferentially opaque ” — that is , its outputs are not the result of an introspectively accessible train of reasoning , ( ii ) it develops as a result of a combination of learning and innate constraints ( 2009 : 144 ) .
For Lyons , our perceptual systems are paradigmatic examples of such primal systems .
How does this help with the clairvoyance objection ?
According to Lyons , Bonjour ’s presentation of the Norman example invites the assumption that Norman ’s clairvoyance was the result of some recent development — e.g. , “ a recent encounter with radioactive waste ” or a “ neurosurgical prank ” — not the result of some combination of learning and innate constraints ( 2009 : 118–119 ) .
Given this assumption , Norman ’s clairvoyance - based belief is not the result of a primal system , hence it is not prima facie justified .
Lyons goes on to argue that if we consider variants of the Norman case where the agent ’s belief is the result of a primal system , our intuitions shift .
Lyons asks us to consider the case of Nyrmoon , a member of an alien species , for whom clairvoyance is a normal cognitive capacity .
( To make this more plausible , Lyons asks us to imagine that Nyrmoon — and his conspecifics — can detect “ highly attenuated energy signals from distal events ” . )
However , Nyrmoon is so unreflective that he has no beliefs about the reliability of his clairvoyance .
Lyons contends that , in contrast with Norman , Nyrmoon ’s clairvoyance - based beliefs are justified .
He takes this to support the claim that being the result of a primal system that is also reliable is sufficient for the justifiedness of noninferential beliefs .
Thus far we have looked at responses that focus on the clairvoyance objection .
Another strategy is to try to solve both the new evil demon problem and the clairvoyance problem at one fell swoop by opting for a variant of process reliabilism .
This variant , originally called “ two - stage reliabilism ” ( Goldman 1992 ) , has been endorsed more recently under a more appealing label : “ approved - list reliabilism ” ( Fricker forthcoming ) .
The approach is inspired by the following conjecture about how attributors make justification attributions .
In a preliminary stage , opinions are formed about the reliability of assorted belief - forming processes , using observation and / or inference to draw conclusions about the track - records of these processes in the actual world .
They thereby construct mental lists of reliable and unreliable processes : lists of approved and disapproved processes ( respectively ) .
In the second stage of the operation , they deploy these lists to make judgments about particular beliefs ( actual or hypothetical ) .
If somebody ’s belief was caused by a process that is on their approved list — or resembles one on their approved list — they consider it justified .
If it is caused by a process on their disapproved list , it is classed as unjustified .
How would approved - list reliabilism explain intuitive judgments in the clairvoyance case ?
Presumably , an ordinary attributor would not have a clairvoyance process on either of her lists .
But she might well have processes like extra-sensory - perception or telekinesis on her list , especially her disapproved list .
The process or faculty Norman uses to arrive at his belief about the President sounds very similar to one of those obscure and suspect powers .
Hence , Norman ’s belief is intuitively classified as unjustified .
This is despite the fact that — as potential attributors are told — Norman ’s clairvoyance process is thoroughly reliable .
This is how approved - list reliabilism explains our judgments in the clairvoyance case .
What about the new evil - demon case ?
Again , it is assumed as background that a potential attributor constructs lists of belief - forming processes , one for approved process types and one for disapproved types .
Perceptual processes ( of various sorts ) would be on the approved list .
Since the people in the evil - demon case use perceptual processes that would be on the approved list , an attributor would consider their resulting beliefs justified — even though s/he is told that the perceptual processes in the evil - demon world are unreliable .
The whole idea of approved - list reliabilism is that the two stages — list construction and list application — are quite distinct .
This enables the theory to predict responses to justification questions that comport with our actual inclinations or intuitions .
Approved list reliabilism is a theory of the factors that influence our attributions of epistemic justification .
It is thus naturally construed as an attributor theory — a theory of the conditions under which a justification attribution ( that is , a sentence of the form , “ S is justified in believing p ” ) is judged to be true or false .
In this regard , it parallels attributor theories of knowledge ( e.g. , DeRose 1992 , 2009 ) .
There are different ways of developing an approved - list attributor theory more precisely .
For instance , a contextualist implementation might hold that a justification attribution is true if and only if the subject ’s belief - forming process belongs to the speaker ’s approved list .
Alternatively , one could adopt an assessor - relativist implementation , according to which the truth - conditions of justification attributions are relativized to contexts of assessment ( cf. MacFarlane 2005 ) .
An assessor - relativist version of the approved list might hold that a justification attribution is true at a context of assessment if and only if the subject ’s belief - forming process belongs to the assessor ’s approved list .
A similar strategy for solving the New Evil Demon problem is to distinguish two different ways a process can be reliable .
Suppose we inhabit the actual world ( @ ) , and we ’re evaluating a subject S who inhabits some other world w s .
Then there are two different things we could mean when we say that S ’s belief - forming process is reliable : we could mean that it ’s reliable relative to @ , or we could mean that it ’s reliable relative to w s ( Sosa 1993 , 2001 ) .
Comesaña ( 2002 ) uses this distinction to provide a solution to the new evil demon problem cast in the framework of two - dimensional semantics ( Stalnaker 1999 ) .
On Comesaña ’s proposal , the sentence , “ S is justified in believing p ” has two readings : ( i ) that S ’s belief - forming process is reliable relative to @ , ( ii ) that S ’s belief - forming process is reliable relative to w s .
If w s is a demon world , then reading ( i ) will be true , but reading ( ii ) is false .
While Comesaña ’s use of two - dimensional semantics has drawn recent criticism ( Ball and Blome - Tillman 2013 ) , the basic strategy of solving the New Evil Demon problem by appealing to two types of reliability remains popular .
( A different promising approach to the New Evil Demon Problem , the “ normality approach ” is presented in section 5.2 below . )
The fourth problem posed in section 3 is the generality problem .
Epistemologists who worry about process reliabilism because of the generality problem usually assume that a “ solution ” to this problem will consist in a formula for identifying a unique process type given any specified case ( assuming the case is specified in reasonable detail ) .
That is , pretty clearly , what Conee and Feldman mean to require .
Some epistemologists have tried to provide such a formula , and some of them sound on the right track ( e.g. , Alston 1995 ; Beebe 2004 ) .
James Beebe , for example , says that a pertinent type will , first of all , be an information - processing procedure or algorithm .
Of course , there will often be indefinitely many types of this kind , of varying reliability .
To pick out the appropriate type , Beebe offers the following instructions .
Let A be the broadest such type .
Choose a partition that is the broadest objectively homogeneous subclass of A within which the token process falls , where a class is objectively homogeneous if no statistically relevant partition of S can be effected .
This is an interesting idea , but there remains the lingering worry that there may always be a set of different conditions that meet Beebe ’s standards , not a unique one .
A different kind of approach is less optimistic about finding a formula to pinpoint a unique type for each process token .
This approach is less sanguine about what the philosopher can do here .
However , this need not put any special pressure on process reliabilism .
It may be a problem that faces any theory of doxastic justifiedness , at least any theory that highlights the causal provenance of a target belief .
( And this is probably all viable theories . )
This is the tack taken by Comesaña ( 2006 ) .
He argues that the generality problem is not a special problem for reliabilism , but one shared by all epistemologies of justification , including Feldman and Conee ’s own evidentialist theory .
As Comesaña notes , every adequate epistemology needs an account of the basing relation , and any attempt to explain the basing relation ultimately runs into the generality problem , or something very similar to it .
Michael Bishop ( 2010 ) argues for the same conclusion on different grounds .
According to Bishop , the generality problem will arise for any theory that allows for the possibility of reflective justification — that is , having a belief B that is justified on the basis of one ’s knowledge that one formed B via a reliable form of reasoning .
But if no formula is proposed for selecting the uniquely correct process type , is n’t it a mystery how attributors converge on the same classifications ( justified vs. unjustified ) a large percentage of the time ?
Yet there does seem to be such convergence .
( Think about all of the easy cases , not the hard ones . )
Can this be explained ?
If so , will the explanation sit comfortably with process reliabilism ?
Erik Olsson ( forthcoming ) calls our attention to a well - supported psychological theory about conceptualization called basic - level theory .
It is mainly due to the work of Eleanor Rosch in the 1970s ( Rosch et al. 1976 ) .
Rosch and her collaborators studied the deployment of taxonomically related concepts like “ animal ” , “ dog ” , and “ Labrador ” .
In such a taxonomy , one term is a superordinate concept ( “ animal ” ) , another is an intermediate - level concept ( “ dog ” ) , and a third is a subordinate concept ( “ Labrador ” ) .
It turns out that intermediate - level concepts have a privileged status , and are therefore called “ basic - level ” concepts .
Basic - level concepts are overwhelmingly preferred in free naming , are the first concepts acquired by children , and occur more frequently in text .
It was also demonstrated that people tend to converge on reports in using basic - level concepts .
In one study psychologists found that , out of 540 responses , 530 to 533 converged on the same word for naming a physical object ( Rosch et al. 1976 ) .
Olsson suggests that basic - level theory calls into question Feldman and Conee ’s contention that in the absence of contextual cues , there is no single intuitive process - type to which a given process token corresponds .
In a related vein , Jönsson ( 2013 ) showed subjects clips in which characters arrived at various conclusions , and then asked the subjects to specify how the characters arrived at their beliefs .
Subjects converged on the choice of verbs describing the belief - formation processes , even without linguistic cues to guide the process - typing task .
A follow - up experiment ( Jönsson 2013 ) found a correlation between subjects ’ estimates of the reliability of the characters ’ belief - forming processes and subjects ’ judgments about whether the characters were justified in holding the beliefs in question .
Thus there is some evidence that folk psychological propensities lead to us to converge on belief - typing tasks , and that our reliability assessments track our justification judgments .
Consider now the fifth and sixth problems of section 3 : the bootstrapping and extra-value problems .
Brief responses will be given to each .
As Cohen ( 2002 ) points out , reliabilism is not unique in facing the bootstrapping problem .
Indeed , it is faced by all theories that exhibit what he calls “ basic knowledge ” structure .
Moreover , as van Cleve ( 2003 ) effectively demonstrates , theories that do not allow for basic knowledge lead to ( wide - ranging ) skepticism .
If we wish to allow for basic knowledge , can we still give a principled explanation of why some forms of bootstrapping seem illegitimate ( for example , the case of Roxanne ) ?
This is an area of active research .
One suggestion is that illegitimate forms of bootstrapping involve No Lose Investigations .
Roughly , a No Lose Investigation into a hypothesis h is an investigation that could never , in principle , count against h .
( For suggestions along these lines , see Kornblith 2009 ; Titelbaum 2010 ; Douven and Kelp 2013 . )
Another suggestion is that illegitimate forms of bootstrapping all involve epistemic feedback ( Weisberg 2010 ) .
Suppose an agent believes premises \ ( p_1\ldots p_n\ ) , from which she infers lemmas \ ( l_1\ldots l_n\ ) , from which she in turn infers a conclusion c. Epistemic feedback is present when the probability of c conditional on \ ( l_1\ldots l_n\ ) is greater than the probability of c conditional on \ ( p_1\ldots p_n\ ) .
Roxanne ’s case can be understood in these terms .
She first believes various premises about the gas gauge readings ( e.g. , The gas gauge read full at time \ ( t_1 \ ) ; the gauge reads half - empty at \ ( t_2 \ ) ) .
She then infers various lemmas about the state of the gas tank ( e.g. , The tank was full at \ ( t_1 \ ) ; the tank was half - empty at \ ( t_2 \ ) ) .
Finally , by conjoining these premises with these lemmas , she comes to believe the conclusion :
The gas tank is reliable .
The probability of this conclusion conditional on just the lemmas ( that is , the beliefs about the state of the gas tank ) is higher than the probability of the conclusion conditional on the premises ( that is , the gas gauge readings ) .
Perhaps by imposing a ban on either No Lose Investigations or epistemic feedback ( or both ) , we can account for the intuition about Roxanne , while still allowing for basic knowledge .
( For an overview of various responses to the bootstrapping problem , see Weisberg 2012 . )
The value problem is also one that may be questioned from the start .
Was Plato right to claim that knowledge has more value than true belief ?
This is debatable .
However , let us presume this value claim to be correct .
A sophisticated account of value should be able to account for one true belief having more value than another true belief in virtue of its external relations to other events , specifically , the kind of process that generated it .
A strong case is made for this — together with compelling examples — by Wlodek Rabinowicz and Toni Roennow - Rasmussen ( 1999 ; also see Rabinowicz and Roennow - Rasmussen 2003 ) .
What is of final value may nonetheless have this value for its own sake in part because of its relational properties ( Kagan 1992 ) .
One class of such things , discussed by Rabinowicz and Roennow - Rasmussen , involve cases in which a thing is valued for its own sake in virtue of its special relationship to another object , event , or person .
An original , say , an original work of art , may be valued for its own sake precisely because it has the relational property of being an original rather than a copy .
Its final value supervenes , in part , on its special causal relation to the artist .
Princess Diana ’s dress may be another case in point .
The dress is valuable just because it has belonged to Diana .
This is what we value it for ….
[ T ] here are innumerable examples of a similar kind : Napoleon ’s hat , a gun that was used at Verdun , etc .
In all these cases , a thing acquires a non-instrumental value in virtue of its causal relation to some person , object or event that stands out in some way ( Rabinowicz and Roennow - Rasmussen 1999 : 41 ) .
Similarly , states of true belief that are instances of knowledge might have higher final value because they have the relational property of being caused by a reliable belief - forming process .
In this section we turn to new developments in reliabilist epistemology , novel proposals that appeared after the previous ( 2008 ) version of this entry was posted .
As we have already seen , a crucial question that faces reliability theories concerns the domain in which a process is assessed for reliability .
Several of the most - discussed problem cases for reliabilism placed this question at center stage .
In the new evil - demon case , for example , is it the world of the demon at which the reliability of perception is to be assessed , or is it the actual world ( or the world of the assessor ) ?
Recently a new type of answer has been floated by at least two writers .
The new answer introduces the notion of normal conditions for the use of a given process or method , and suggests that reliability should be measured , or assessed , only in terms of how well it works in normal conditions ( for the selected process or method ) .
For example , Jarrett Leplin ( 2007 , 2009 ) rejects the common view of reliable processes / methods as those that produce a high ratio of truths to falsehoods .
In its place , Leplin advances a conception of reliability according to which a process / method is reliable if it would never produce or sustain false beliefs under normal conditions .
As Leplin notes , this is a “ subjunctive version of reliabilism ” , akin to Nozick ’s treatment of knowledge ( Leplin 2007 : 33 ; 2009 : 34–35 ) .
How should we understand “ normal conditions ” ?
Leplin suggests :
[ C]onditions normal for a method are conditions typical or characteristic of occasions and environments in which the method is usable or applicable , whether or not it is in fact then or there used or applied .
My thermometer is not ( for the most part ) usable under extreme conditions .
( Ordinary ) perception fails in the dark .
It might happen that on all actual occasions … of a method ’s use , the conditions are atypical of occasions on which it is usable .
Then , despite the method ’s reliability , the preponderance of the beliefs it yields could be false .
( 2009 : 37–38 )
According to this account , perceptual beliefs of people in the demon world , for example , can now be judged to be justified because perceptual belief formation is a reliable process .
It does n’t matter that perception is n’t reliable in their environment ; it suffices for the process to confer justification that it be reliable in normal worlds .
Christensen ( 2007 ) raises the question of whether Leplin ’s conception of reliability is too strong .
He suggests that there are reliable processes ( consulting the Encyclopedia , facial recognition ) that sometimes yield false beliefs even when operating under normal conditions .
One reason that it ’s difficult to judge the force of this objection is that the notion of “ normal conditions ” , even given Leplin ’s clarifications , remains vague ( which is not obviously a problem with the analysis ; cf. Leplin 2009 ) .
At the very least , Leplin ’s “ normality ” approach offers a promising variant of traditional reliabilism , though Leplin ’s full story ( not recounted here ) is quite complicated and not easily assessed .
An even more complex normality approach is presented by Peter Graham ( 2012 ) .
Graham draws on an etiological account of function due to Larry Wright ( 1973 ) and Ruth Millikan ( 1984 ) , among others , to advance a theory of epistemic entitlement ( = justification ) in terms of proper functioning .
A compact statement of his theory is this :
Epistemic entitlement , I argue , consists in correct or proper performance — or normal functioning — for belief - forming processes that have reliably forming true beliefs as an etiological function ( 2012 : 449-450 ) .
In a slightly different formulation ,
[ A ] belief enjoys a kind or source of prima facie entitlement if and only if it is based on a normally functioning process that has reliably forming true beliefs as an etiological function .
( 2012 : 472 )
Given this basic theoretical framework , Graham draws a very similar conclusion for the brain - in - the - vat case as that drawn by Leplin for the demon - world case :
What the brain - in - a - vat case suggests is that entitlement persists even when not in normal conditions , as long as the process is functioning normally .
( 2012 : 471 )
Like Leplin , then , Graham uses a normality approach to address some familiar counterexamples to process reliabilism .
Whether one or more of these normality approaches fully achieves the end at which it aims , which remains to be seen , they certainly introduce a fresh and well - motivated angle that holds promise for dealing effectively with familiar counterexamples .
Most versions of reliabilism are “ individualistic ” in at least two senses .
First , they focus on the justificatory status of a belief of an individual agent .
Second , they make the justificatory status of such a belief depend entirely on the reliability of processes that take place within her or his head .
Recently , a number of authors have explored versions of reliabilism that revise or abandon these individualistic assumptions .
Sanford Goldberg ( 2010 ) advances a distinctive view of testimonial belief that abandons the second individualistic assumption , which he calls , “ Process Individualism ” .
On Goldberg ’s view , a proper assessment of the justificatory status ( hereafter , J- status ) of a testimonial belief requires
an assessment of the reliability of cognitive processes that take place in the mind / brain (s ) of the subject ’s informant (s ) .
( Goldberg 2010 : 2 , emphasis original )
One of the ways that Goldberg motivates this “ extendedness thesis ” is via the following sort of case ( chap. 4 ) .
An informant ( A ) forms a perceptual belief that p , which she conveys via testimony to an audience ( B ) , who then comes to believe p .
However , A ’s perceptual belief that p was formed in a way that falls just shy of the threshold for justification , perhaps because it is based on a momentary glance , or formed in poor lighting conditions .
Goldberg contends that B ’s testimony - based belief that p does not amount to knowledge .
What ’s more , the reason why it does not amount to knowledge is that it is not justified .
After all , the belief could well be true , and free from Gettierization .
( For an overview of the Gettier Problem , see the entry on the Analysis of Knowledge . )
But if B ’s belief that p is not justified , this justificatory failing is not due to any unreliability in B ’s mental processing of A ’s testimony ; it ’s rather due to the fact that A ’s original belief that p was insufficiently justified .
Goldberg thus concludes that the J - status of testimonial beliefs are importantly affected by the reliability of the testifier ’s cognitive processes .
A different new wrinkle in reliabilist epistemology has recently emerged in social epistemology .
It considers a non-traditional kind of agent and asks what it takes for such an agent to have justified beliefs .
Could process reliabilism be applicable here too ?
The kind of agent in question is a collective agent .
Collective , or group , agents are “ plural subjects ” .
They are entities treated as subjects in the sense that they are assumed to have propositional attitudes like desires , intentions , goals , beliefs , judgments , etc .
We routinely speak this way in everyday discourse , and even in formal or legal contexts , in which corporate bodies are assumed to have the same kinds of attitudes that individuals have .
We ask whether the CIA or the FBI “ knew ” that certain Al Qaeda perpetrators of the 9/11 attacks had been taking flight lessons in the United States .
In asking this question , one assumes that the CIA and the FBI are the bearers of beliefs or information ; in other words , they have a “ psychology ” of some sort ( not to say conscious psychological states ) .
Working in this framework , a number of philosophers pose the following question : under what circumstances does a group have a certain belief ?
It is widely assumed that the various belief - states of the group ’s members are important determiners of whether the group as a whole has a belief with the same content .
For example , Margaret Gilbert ( 1989 ) offers what she calls the “ joint acceptance account ” of group belief :
A group G believes that p if and only if the members of G jointly accept that p .
The members of G jointly accept that p if and only if it is common knowledge in G that the members of G individually have intentionally and openly … expressed their willingness jointly to accept that p with the other members of G. ( 1989 : 306–307 )
This account of group belief is not widely accepted , but this is incidental for present purposes .
It is an early proposal for formulating conditions of group belief .
The main issue discussed here , however , is not conditions for group belief , but conditions for the justificational status of group beliefs .
This kind of question has been little discussed within epistemology .
Only with the emergence of social epistemology — and , more specifically , with a recognition of the collective branch of social epistemology — has it come clearly into focus .
The idea that process reliabilism might be a viable approach to collective justifiedness was first broached by Frederick Schmitt ( 1994 ) , but with considerable tentativeness .
A more developed reliabilist approach is presented in Goldman 2014 .
Goldman ’s ( 2014 ) proposal makes use of List and Pettit ’s 2011 framework for describing group beliefs , which we will briefly review .
It is widely thought that a group ’s beliefs are determined — in some way — by the individual beliefs of the group members ( List and Pettit 2011 : 64 ) .
How exactly does this determination work ?
Different candidate answers to this question can be represented by different belief ( or judgment ) aggregation functions ( BAFs ) , which take as inputs beliefs of individual agents , and produce as outputs group beliefs .
A burgeoning literature is devoted to discussing plausible requirements on BAFs .
For instance , one might require : ( 1 ) A BAF admits as input any possible profile of individual beliefs ( doxastic attitudes ) toward the propositions on an agenda , and the individual attitudes are consistent and complete ( “ universal domain ” ) .
( 2 ) The BAF produces as output consistent and complete group attitudes towards the propositions on the agenda ( “ collective rationality ” ) .
( 3 ) All individuals ’ attitudes are given equal weight in determining the group attitudes ( “ anonymity ” ) .
And so on .
Although each of these ( plus additional ) conditions seem initially plausible , a number of impossibility theorems have been proved that various combinations of such desiderata cannot be jointly satisfied .
This raises many intriguing problems , which are not explored here .
Nothing has been said thus far about justification .
What we might seek is something analogous to a BAF , namely , a justification aggregation function ( JAF ) .
Assuming that group G forms a belief in p in conformity with some BAF and its members ’ beliefs vis -à - vis p , what must be true of the J - statuses of those members ’ beliefs ( and other attitudes ) with respect to p for it to be true that G ’s belief is justified ?
If none of its members ’ beliefs are justified , then presumably G’s belief wo n’t be justified either .
A larger question is how — or whether — the justifiedness of members ’ beliefs is automatically transmitted toward the group ’s justifiedness .
Goldman argues for treating this transmission on the model of inference within an individual agent .
In the individual case , premise beliefs generate beliefs in a conclusion , and the J- status of the conclusion belief depends on the J - statuses of the premise beliefs .
Special epistemic relations hold between states and epistemic statuses within a single individual .
The fact that another person is justified in believing a proposition Q does n’t give me justification for believing something implied by Q .
What about relations between a group and its members ?
The suggestion is made that this is ( or can be ) an intimate relation .
Just as justifiedness can be transmitted intra-individually , it can be transmitted within a group and its membership .
Process reliabilism can then be brought in to capitalize on this parallel .
According to process reliabilism for individuals , inferential justification depends on two factors : ( a ) the justifiedness of the premise beliefs and ( b ) the conditional reliability of the inferential process used .
In the collective belief case group justification depends on two analogous factors : ( a ) the justifiedness of the members ’ beliefs , and ( b ) the conditional reliability of the JAF : the function that maps member justifiedness into group justifiedness .
The analogy between the individual and the aggregative cases is not perfect , however .
In cases of an individual ’s inference , it is plausible to require all premise beliefs to be justified in order for the conclusion to be justified .
This is too strong a requirement for the collective case , however .
Surely a group can attain justified belief even if , say , only 95 % of the members believe it justifiedly .
Goldman handles group justifiedness , in the end , by talking about degrees of justifiedness for a group , arising from assorted distributions of member justifiedness .
In particular , the following principle is proposed :
( GJ ) If a group belief in P is aggregated based on a profile of member attitudes toward P , then ceteris paribus the greater the proportion of members who justifiedly believe P and the smaller the proportion of members who justifiedly reject P , the greater the group ’s grade of justifiedness in believing P ( Goldman 2014 : 28 ) .
With this as background , the idea is introduced that group justifiedness can arise through a diachronic process , in which members ’ severally acquire justified or unjustified beliefs in the target proposition in accord with process reliabilist principles for individuals .
The J- statuses of these individual beliefs then determine — via process reliabilist principles — the J- statuses of the group beliefs .
Historically , reliabilism has been offered as an account of the justificatory status of full or outright belief .
However , it ’s widely thought that beliefs come in degrees : a person might believe that it ’s sunny and also believe that it ’s Monday , but have a higher degree of belief in the former than the latter .
This raises the question : can reliabilism be extended to provide an account of the justificatory status of degrees of belief ?
Formal epistemologists and decision theorists have long been interested in different “ scoring rules ” — functions that measure the accuracy or inaccuracy of degrees of belief ( hereafter , credences ) .
For example , one widely discussed scoring rule is the Brier score ( Brier 1950 ) .
Let \ ( C( p ) \ ) be an agent ’s credence in p ; let \ ( T ( p ) \ ) be p’s indicator function , which equals 1 if p is true , and 0 if p is false .
\ ( C( p ) \ ) ’s
Brier score is calculated by the formula :
\[ ( C( p ) - T( p ) ) ^2 \]
Thus a credence of 1 in a true proposition will get a Brier score of 0 — the best score possible .
A credence of 1 in a false proposition will get a Brier score of 1 — the worst score possible .
An intermediate credence of .6 will get a Brier score of .16 if the proposition is true , and .36 if it is false .
Given a particular scoring rule R , we can develop a measure of process reliability ( Dunn 2015 ; Tang forthcoming ) .
Let X be some credence - forming process : that is , a process that outputs credences in a range of propositions .
We can use R to score all of the credences that X produces .
Average all of these scores , and we have a measure of X ’s degree of reliability .
Process reliabilists can then use this measure of reliability to give an account of justification for credences : a credence is ( prima facie ) justified iff it is produced by a reliable credence - forming process .
What ’s the most suitable scoring rule for process reliabilism to use ?
Recent work has begun to tackle this question .
In what follows , we confine ourselves to discussing two particularly prominent scoring rules — the Brier score and a calibration score .
Given its prominence in the literature , the Brier score is a natural option .
But using the Brier score to measure the reliability of credence - forming processes faces challenges .
For example , Dunn ( 2015 ) and Tang ( forthcoming ) object that if the Brier score is used , a credence - forming process that only outputs mid-level credences ( say , a credence of .6 ) will never qualify as highly reliable ; hence the credences it produces will never count as highly justified .
Both Dunn and Tang object to this consequence .
For instance , Tang argues that sometimes a particular input requires having a mid-level credence .
If I have a vague visual experience of the silhouette of a horse , then it seems I should only have a mid-level credence that there is a horse in front of me : a credence of .6 in this proposition might well be justified , whereas a credence of 1 or 0 would not .
Another option is to measure the reliability of credence - forming processes using a calibration score .
To see what it means for a credal state to be well - calibrated , consider the following example from van Fraassen :
Consider a weather forecaster who says in the morning that the probability of rain equals .8 . That day it either rains or does not .
How good a forecaster is he ?
Clearly to evaluate him we must look at his performance over a longer period of time .
Calibration is a measure of agreement between judgments and actual frequencies …
This forecaster was perfectly calibrated over the past year , for example , if , for every number r , the proportion of rainy days among those days on which he announced probability r for rain , equaled r. ( van Fraassen 1984 : 245 )
According to the calibration approach , a credence is justified iff it ’s produced by a well - calibrated process .
This avoids the objection to using the Brier score : after all , a credence - forming process that produces mid-level credences can still be well - calibrated .
However , the calibration approach has also elicited criticism .
Goldman ( 1986 ) asks us to imagine an agent A , 70 % of whose opinions turn out to be true .
A can achieve a perfectly calibrated credence function by adopting a . 7 credence in every proposition about which she has an opinion .
However , Goldman argues that it ’s wrong to automatically conclude that A ’s credal state is perfectly reliable : if A has no good reason for adopting a . 7 credence in many of the propositions in question , then her credal state should n’t count as justified .
Dunn ( 2015 ) defends the calibration approach , arguing that the relevant question is whether the process that produced A ’s credal state is reliable .
In order to answer this question , it ’s not enough to look at the truth - ratio of A ’s opinions at the actual world ; rather , we should look across a range of nearby worlds .
If it ’s just a matter of chance that 70 % of the propositions A has an opinion about are true , then by looking at the truth - values of A ’s opinions at nearby worlds the calibration approach will be able to avoid the counterintuitive consequence that A ’s credal state is perfectly reliable .
Weng Hong Tang ( forthcoming ) objects to the calibration approach on the grounds that a credence - forming process can be well - calibrated even though that process is insensitive to relevant evidence .
In light of the perceived shortcomings of the calibration approach ( and those of alternative scoring rules ) , Tang proposes a synthesis of reliabilism and evidentialism , where evidentialism can roughly be understood as the view that a belief ’s justification is determined by how well it is supported by the evidence that the believer has .
According to Tang ’s proposal , a credence of \ ( C( p ) \ ) is only justified if it is based on some ground g , such that the objective probability of the credence having a true content given g approximates \ ( C( p ) \ ) .
( Other syntheses of reliabilism and evidentialism are discussed in section 6.2 . )
Only recently have philosophers started to systematically explore the possibility of using scoring rules to provide a reliabilist theory of credal justification .
However , given its position at the intersection of traditional and formal epistemology , this will likely prove to be a rich and important area of ongoing research .
A number of theories have “ branched off ” from process reliabilism , borrowing some key ideas but parting company with respect to others .
This section discusses two such cousins of process reliabilism : virtue reliabilism and syntheses of reliabilism and evidentialism .
As its label suggests , virtue reliabilism is a branch of virtue epistemology that emerged in the mid-1980s in the wake of process reliabilism and shares some significant features with it .
In particular , one of its central theoretical notions , that of an epistemic competence , resembles that of a reliable belief - forming process type .
And its notion of the exercise of an epistemic competence resembles that of a token of a reliable process .
Leading proponents of virtue reliabilism include Ernest Sosa ( 1991 , 2007 , 2010 , 2015 ) , John Greco ( 1999 , 2009 , 2010 ) and Duncan Pritchard ( 2012 ) .
Here we will focus primarily on Sosa ’s version .
Most virtue reliabilists do not explicitly use the notion of a “ reliable process ” , preferring instead the notions of “ competence ” , “ virtue ” , “ skill ” ( Sosa ) or “ ability ” ( Greco , Pritchard ) .
How should we understand these notions ?
Sosa often characterizes competences in terms of dispositions , for instance :
A competence is a certain sort of disposition to succeed when you try .
So , exercise of a competence involves aiming at a certain outcome .
It is a competence in part because it is a disposition to succeed reliably enough when one makes such attempts …
It is thus tied to a conditional of the form : if one tried to \( \phi\ ) , one would ( likely enough ) succeed .
( 2015 : 96 )
Epistemic competences — the sort of competence that is relevant to epistemology — are dispositions of a specific variety : dispositions to arrive at the truth .
One question that arises for such accounts of competence is how we are to understand the dispositions in question .
Are they general dispositions of an agent to arrive at the truth about some matter ?
Or are they to be understood as implicitly relativized to belief - forming processes or methods , in which case an epistemic competence is really of the form : a disposition to arrive at the truth when employing process P ?
From a process reliabilist perspective , it ’s necessary to relativize the dispositions to belief - forming processes or methods .
After all , process reliabilists will insist that in order to know whether an agent ’s belief that p is justified or counts as knowledge , it ’s not enough to know whether the agent is generally disposed to arrive at truths about p-related matters .
Instead , we ’ll need to know whether the agent ’s particular belief that p was the result of a reliable process .
( After all , an agent could form the belief that p via an ultra-reliable process , even if she ’s generally disposed to form beliefs about p-related matters in highly unreliable ways . )
In effect , committed process reliabilists will suggest that virtue reliabilists face a dilemma : either epistemic competences are general dispositions of the agent , in which case they wo n’t be able to perform the various jobs required of them ( specifically , explaining whether a belief is justified , or amounts to knowledge ) , or they are implicitly relativized to processes , in which case epistemic competences are not significantly different from reliable belief - forming processes .
In the latter case , epistemic competences “ collapse ” into reliable processes .
In at least some discussions of epistemic competences , virtue reliabilists indicate a willingness to relativize epistemic competences to processes .
For example , Sosa describes good eyesight and color vision as paradigmatic epistemic competences ( Sosa 1991 : 271 , 2010 : 467 ) — both of which are also standard examples of reliable processes .
Similarly , Greco ( 1999 ) suggests that the intellectual virtues are processes that form stable components of an individual ’s cognitive character — suggesting that they are a type of reliable process .
If epistemic competences are understood as involving reliable processes , then virtue reliabilism inherits many of the challenges facing process reliabilism — in particular , the generality problem .
( In virtue reliabilist terms , this will amount to the question : “ How exactly should we type epistemic competences ? ” )
Of course , this result is unsurprising if Comesaña is right that the generality problem is a problem for everyone who tries to give an adequate theory of justified belief .
Virtue reliabilism differs from traditional process reliabilism in its choice of analysandum .
Historically process reliabilists have focused on giving an account of justification ; by contrast , virtue reliabilists have focused on giving an account of knowledge .
However , one certainly could try to extend one ’s virtue reliabilism to justification .
Indeed , if one assumes that knowledge entails justification , being a virtue reliabilist about the former seems to lead naturally to virtue reliabilism about the latter .
And if epistemic competences are understood as reliable processes , the resulting virtue reliabilist account of justification would presumably amount to a version of process reliabilism .
Let us turn now to virtue reliabilist accounts of knowledge .
How do virtue reliabilists propose to understand knowledge in terms of epistemic competences ?
There are a variety of slightly different proposals in the literature ( Greco 2009 , 2010 ; Sosa 2007 , 2015 ; Turri 2011 ) .
However , virtue reliabilists typically understand knowledge as involving some sort of explanatory relation between having a true belief and the exercise of an epistemic competence .
For instance , Sosa ( 2007 ) holds that S knows p iff S aptly believes p , where S ’s belief is apt iff it is correct because of the exercise of an epistemic competence ( see also Greco 2009 , 2010 for a closely related account ) .
More recently , Sosa ( 2010 , 2015 ) defends a similar account couched in terms of “ manifestation ” : knowledge is belief whose correctness manifests the agent ’s epistemic competence ( see Turri 2011 for a similar account ) .
How do such accounts handle Gettier cases ?
Sosa 2007 : 94–97 discusses Lehrer ’s ( 1965 ) Nogot / Havit case , in which a subject S truly believes that someone here owns a Ford , but he only does so on the basis of Nogot ’s misleading testimony .
Sosa claims that while S holds this belief because of the exercise of an epistemic competence , S ’s belief is n’t correct because of the exercise of an epistemic competence .
This explanation raises important questions about how to understand the relevant “ because of ” relation here : what exactly is the difference between a true belief being held because of an epistemic competence , and a belief being correct because of an epistemic competence ?
( After all , the exercise of the competence virtually never plays any role in making true the proposition believed .
This proposition is true because of what happens in the world . )
Other ways of fleshing out the details of a virtue reliabilist analysis raise similar questions .
( See Lackey 2007 for critical discussion of virtue reliabilist theories that appeal to a notion of “ epistemic credit ” . )
Even if a virtue reliabilist account of knowledge can handle some Gettier cases , there remains a question of whether it will be able to handle the full spectrum of Gettier cases .
One case that has been thought to cause particular trouble for virtue reliabilists is the fake barn scenario ( discussed by Goldman 1976 , credited to Carl Ginet ) .
In the fake barn scenario , Henry sees from the road the one genuine barn in an area filled with many convincing barn façades .
Henry forms a true belief that there ’s a barn in front of him ; what ’s more , the fact that he correctly believes there ’s a barn in front of him seems to be causally explained by an exercise of his visual competence .
In response , one option is simply to embrace the conclusion that Henry ’s belief amounts to knowledge ( Sosa 2010 ) .
This strikes many to be counterintuitive : the “ received ” view on fake barn cases is that they are cases of non-knowledge .
It is true that a recent experimental philosophy study found that lay people do attribute knowledge to protagonists in fake - barn cases , although they are less inclined to do so than in unproblematic cases of knowledge ( Colaco et al. 2014 ) .
This result may lend support to Henry ’s knowing .
However , if , as many philosophers claim , philosophers themselves have more expertise than laypersons do in judging such cases , the power of the indicated result is debatable .
It is questionable how much this finding rescues virtue reliabilists from a potentially severe counterexample .
Another response is to abandon the hope that virtue reliabilism on its own will solve every Gettier case .
Pritchard ( 2012 ) takes this line , opting for a view that combines elements of virtue epistemology with a safety requirement on knowledge ( where , again , safety is roughly the requirement that the belief in question could n’t easily have been held falsely ) .
On Pritchard ’s view , Henry ’s belief that he sees a barn is unsafe , hence fails to count as knowledge .
A full assessment of these issues is beyond the scope of the current article .
( For further discussion of whether virtue reliabilism can handle Gettier cases , see Miracchi 2015 . [ 2 ] )
This much is clear : one feature that distinguishes virtue reliabilism from classical process reliabilism is its distinctive treatment of knowledge .
However , this treatment gives rise to serious questions and challenges which have not yet been fully resolved .
Process reliabilism and evidentialism have long been viewed as competitors , even antitheses of one another , with one of them ( reliabilism ) being a paradigm of externalism and the other ( evidentialism ) a paradigm of internalism .
However , Juan Comesaña ( 2010 ) and Alvin Goldman ( 2011 ) , both reliabilists , have toyed with the prospect of combining the best features of each theory to form a new theory that evades earlier problems .
From the perspective of this entry , the chief question is whether such an accommodation helps reliabilism with some of its problems while not abandoning its essential features .
Juan Comesaña ( 2010 ) suggests that a hybrid of reliabilism and evidentialism along the following lines can help evade some of the problems facing traditional reliabilism :
Proto-evidentialist Reliabilism : S ’s belief that P is justified if and only if that belief was produced by a process X which includes some evidence e and : e does n’t include any beliefs of S and X is actually reliable ; or e includes beliefs of S , all of these beliefs are justified , and X is conditionally actually reliable .
( Note that this is not Comesaña ’s final theory .
His final proposal — “ Evidentialist Reliabilism ” — involves certain further features designed to help solve the generality problem .
For simplicity , we focus on his more basic proposal for integrating evidentialism with reliabilism . )
There are two main respects in which this departs from more traditional versions of reliabilism .
The most obvious is that it involves an evidential requirement .
This is intended to help with the case of Norman the clairvoyant .
One crucial feature of Norman ’s situation is that he has no evidence for or against his clairvoyance powers , or regarding the whereabouts of the President .
This is at least one of the reasons ( says Comesaña ) why we have the intuition that Norman is not justified .
By imposing an evidential requirement on justification , we seem to solve the Norman problem .
However , there remains the question of how to understand the relevant notion of “ evidence ” .
As we ’ve seen ( §2 ) , traditional process reliabilists resisted defining “ justification ” in terms of evidence because they did n’t want an analysis that relied on any unreduced epistemic notions ( Goldman 1979 ) .
But even for those who do not share these reductive ambitions , it ’s natural to want at least some account of the sort of evidence that Proto - Evidentialist Reliabilism invokes .
Comesa ña suggests following Conee and Feldman ( 2004 ) in opting for a “ mentalist ” construal of our evidence , according to which our evidence ultimately consists in various mental states .
For those who find this approach promising , there remains the difficult question of which mental states constitute a subject ’s evidence .
( Are they conscious experiences ?
States that are accessible to consciousness ?
Beliefs ? )
A fully worked out hybrid of reliabilism and evidentialism would hopefully include answers to these questions .
A less obvious departure from traditional forms of reliabilism is the lack of any overtly historical condition on justifiedness .
Traditional forms of reliabilism make epistemic status of a belief at a time t depend not only on features of the agent at t , but also on facts about how the believer acquired the belief in question .
Here ’s an example that motivates this “ historicist ” dimension to traditional reliabilism ( Goldman 1999 ) .
Last year Sally read about the health benefits of broccoli in a New York Times science section story .
She then forms a justified belief in broccoli’s beneficial effects .
She still retains that belief today but no longer recalls the evidence she had upon first reading the story .
And she has n’t encountered any further evidence in the interim , from any kind of source .
Is n’t her belief in broccoli ’s beneficial effects still justified ?
Presumably this is because of her past acquisition .
True , she also has a different kind of evidence , namely , her ( justified ) belief that whenever she seems to remember a ( putative ) fact it is usually true .
But this is not her entire evidence .
It is an important determinant of her belief ’s J - status at t that she was justified in forming it originally on the basis of good evidence ( of another kind ) .
Had her original belief been based on very poor evidence , e.g. , reading a similar story in an untrustworthy news source , so that the belief was n’t justified from the start , her belief at time t would be unjustified — or at least much less justified .
This indicates that the evidence she acquired originally still has some impact on the J - status of her belief at t .
It is also important , of course , that the central process she uses to retain her broccoli belief , namely , preservative memory , is ( conditionally ) reliable .
Its output beliefs tend to be true if its input beliefs are true .
In light of such considerations , some process reliabilists will be reluctant to abandon a “ historicist ” component .
Thus far we have discussed Comesaña ’s rationale for a synthesis between reliabilism and evidentialism .
What about Goldman ’s rationale ?
One rationale , presented “ up - front ” in his article ( Goldman 2011 ) , is to advance a “ two - dimensional ” approach to justification , an approach that makes room for a “ degree of support ” dimension of justification as well as a “ proper causal generation ” dimension .
Evidentialism is centered on the “ degree of support ” dimension ( sometimes phrased in terms of the “ fittingness ” of someone ’s taking some doxastic attitude toward a proposition to the evidence that the person has ) and offers little with respect to the second dimension .
Reliabilism does the reverse : it does well on the causal generation dimension but poorly on the degree of support dimension .
Why not add something to reliabilism to repair this possible lacuna ?
One might respond that this maneuver would be radically out of keeping with reliabilism .
Does n’t reliabilism utterly reject the relevance of evidence and strength of evidence in its whole approach ?
It is true that process reliabilism has traditionally made no explicit reference to evidence — it never uses this term in its central theoretical principles .
Nonetheless , it is well - positioned to make up for this deficit without much awkwardness .
Consider all of the mental or psychological states that reliabilism traditionally appeals to .
In addition to the processes it discusses , there are also states that serve as inputs to those processes .
This includes both doxastic states ( beliefs , primarily ) and various experiences ( perceptual , memorial , etc. ) .
Although reliabilists never call these states “ evidence ” ( nor refer to their contents as “ evidence ” ) , there is no reason why this could n’t be done . [ 3 ]
This remains an open question .
The same points may be made in the language of “ reasons ” rather than “ evidence ” .
Although traditional process reliabilists do n’t find a place for reasons in their story , it is easy for them to say that justified belief states that are inputs to their beloved processes constitute reasons for their holding the output beliefs .
Their quality as reasons may depend on their relations of support vis-à - vis the propositions inferred ( and believed ) .
Here again the upshot would be a two - dimensional theory of justification , according to which the J - status of a belief is determined by both ( i ) the reliability of the belief - forming process , and ( ii ) the support provided by the evidence / reasons that serve as inputs to this process .
Goldman makes some suggestions about how this would go , but such a task remains to be done more thoroughly .
And if one hopes to fuse the two dimensions into a single measure of justifiedness , this seems conceivable but far from straightforward .
Atlanta , Georgia ( CNN ) --
There is a greater amount of water on the moon than previously thought , and it is probably widespread within rocks deep below the lunar surface , a group of scientists says .
Recent missions have found water and ice on the moon 's surface , which could have been carried there by giant molecular clouds or bits of comets .
But in a new U.S. - led study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on Monday , the scientists not only concluded that water may be " ubiquitous within the lunar interior , " but also " indigenous to the moon . "
" For over 40 years , we thought the moon was dry , " said the lead author of the findings , Francis McCubbin of the Carnegie Institution of Washington .
" We found that the minimum water content ranged from 64 parts per billion to 5 parts per million -- at least two orders of magnitude greater than previous results , " he said in a statement .
There is so much water within lunar rocks that if all of it were extracted and put together , it would be more than enough to fill the Great Lakes , McCubbin told CNN.com .
Another way of looking at it , he said , is " if we were to put it over the surface of the moon , it would cover the moon in about a meter - deep thickness . "
So would all that water be able to support life on the moon ?
Not quite , McCubbin said .
The water is mostly incorporated within the rocks deep within the moon .
Most scientists believe that the moon was formed when a Mars - size object hit Earth about 4.5 billion years ago , knocking off rocks and debris that eventually fused to form the moon .
Hot magma , which contains water , was formed during that process .
While it was believed that most of the water evaporated , some water molecules stayed as the magma cooled , McCubbin said .
He and his team examined lunar rocks collected about 40 years ago from Apollo 14's and 15's moon missions , and from a lunar meteorite found in Northwest Africa .
They focused on a specific water - bearing mineral of the rock and studied hydroxyl , or OH , a chemical compound in the mineral that contains one atom of oxygen and one atom of hydrogen .
" If we find OH in the minerals , it means water was dissolved into the magmas of the moon , " McCubbin said .
Their findings showed that there was a lot more water stored in lunar materials within the moon 's interior , and also suggested that water is native to Earth 's only natural satellite .
" The concentrations are very low and , accordingly , they have been until recently nearly impossible to detect , " lunar scientist Bradley Jolliff of Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , said in a statement .
" We can now finally begin to consider the implications -- and the origin -- of water in the interior of the Moon . "
While the water does n't mean life on moon , McCubbin said , it may help scientists " understand how life may have started on Earth , which is still a topic we know very little about . "
President Barack Obama has pressed for reform of US immigration policy in his first major speech on the issue .
Mr Obama has made immigration reform a priority amid pressure from border states to tackle illegal immigration and drug violence .
He said the US had thrived as a nation of immigrants but reform had been held hostage by " political posturing " .
It was possible , he added , to " shape a practical , common - sense approach that reflects our heritage and our values " .
He said the country needed one clear national standard but nothing could happen unless Republicans and Democrats worked together in Congress .
The White House said recent developments influenced Mr Obama 's decision to make his speech on Thursday .
Arizona recently enacted a law which makes it a crime to be in the state without immigration papers .
System ' broken '
In his speech , Mr Obama said the Arizona issue had divided opinion in the US .
" But everywhere people have expressed frustration with a system that seems fundamentally broken , " he said .
Mr Obama said US borders had been porous for decades and there were an estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country .
The question now is whether we will have the courage and the political will to pass a bill through Congress , to finally get it done Barack Obama
" The majority of Americans are sceptical of a blanket amnesty and they are also sceptical that it is possible to round up and deport 11 million people , " he said .
" It would tear at the very fabric of this nation because immigrants who are here illegally are already intricately woven into that fabric . "
He said many illegal migrants had children who had been brought up as Americans and who only discovered their illegal status when they applied for college or for a job .
Mr Obama said migrant workers - mostly in the US illegally - had been the labour force for farmers and agricultural producers " for generations " .
But he added : " Once we get past the two poles of this debate it is possible to shape a practical common - sense approach that reflects our heritage and our values . "
Bipartisan support
The president said immigration reform could only be achieved if Republicans and Democrats worked together .
" The question now is whether we will have the courage and the political will to pass a bill through Congress , to finally get it done , " he said .
" The fact is , that without bipartisan support ... we can not solve this problem .
Reform that brings accountability to our immigration system cannot pass without Republican votes .
Image caption States such as Arizona say their borders are not secure
" The only way to reduce the risk that this effort will again falter because of politics , is if members of both parties are willing to take responsibility for solving this problem once and for all . "
Mr Obama delivered his speech at the American University 's School of International Service , in Washington .
The BBC's Paul Adams in Washington says that despite his urgent tone , President Obama did not say when he thought Congress should act .
Very few people think movement is likely before November 's mid-term elections , he adds .
Arizona 's controversial law has already brought a legal challenge from Mexico , which says it could discriminate against its citizens .
At the time , President Obama called the law misguided and has asked the Justice Department to review its legality .
However , other states are considering similar moves .
White House spokesman Bill Burton said Mr Obama " thought this was a good time to talk plainly with the American people about his views on immigration " .
Immigration reform has been pushed down the president 's agenda in recent months by issues such the Gulf of Mexico oil spill and overhauling the US health care system , correspondents say .
As long as liquor and cars coexist , there will be drunk drivers .
Government can only do so much to prevent this , but that does n't keep them from trying .
Suffice it to say , whatever can be done to keep these people off the road , should be done .
How then , can we keep people from driving under the influence , since they have gone beyond rational thinking ?
A new solution is around the bend in the state of New York : breath test activated ignition .
Quite simply , it 's a breathalyzer mounted in the car of anyone charged with DWI , that decides whether or not they can drive .
The system will disable the vehicle 's starting components , making the car immobile until an acceptable blood - alcohol content reading is achieved .
Video cameras may also supplement the breathalyzer in some cases , to document who actually blows , and who actually drives .
A sober driver is allowed to start his or her car and drive it just like anyone else , but is forced to re-do the breath test periodically during the trip to assure no alcohol has been consumed since the initial test .
If any of these screenings are failed , the car will turn into an absolutely miserable environment .
The horn will blow itself and the stereo will produce an unbearable high frequency , high intensity tone .
The only way to stop the noise will be to shut the car down .
It 's a pretty strict law , and will effect all members of the drunk driver 's family .
That is , anyone wanting to drive the person 's vehicle will be required to complete the same tests .
Now you 're probably already thinking of a few people whose pickup trucks you wo n't be asking to borrow when you move .
If you 're concerned about tax payers footing the bill for this new law , do n't worry too much .
The installation and operation of the equipment is covered by the driver - and could add up to over $ 200 per month for some drivers .
Although I could rant for a while about drunk drivers , I 'll conclude by saying that I 'm all for the new requirement .
These people should consider themselves fortunate to have a license at all .
The law wo n't catch everyone , but it 's a step in the right direction .
People are sure to complain that it's an invasion of privacy , but I can't say I care a bit .
I hope more states adopt the law .
Maybe their speeds should be limited too .
Hmm , 25 mph sounds pretty safe right ?
[ NY Post ]
A music promoter in Israel said that the country was being subjected to “ cultural terrorism ” as more artists canceled performances there , Agence France - Presse reported .
Over the weekend the alternative - rock band the Pixies ( right , Black Francis , the band ’s lead singer ) withdrew from what would have been its first show in Israel , as part of the Pic.
Nic music festival scheduled in Tel Aviv this week .
“ We ’d like to extend our deepest apologies to the fans , but events beyond all our control have conspired against us , ” the group said in a statement .
The bands Gorillaz and the Klaxons have also withdrawn from the festival after the raid by Israeli commandos on a Gaza - bound flotilla .
Last month Elvis Costello canceled two concerts in Israel this summer , citing the complexities of the continuing Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
After the announcement of the Pixies ’ cancellation , Shuki Weiss , the promoter of the Pic.
Nic festival , said in a statement , “ I am full of both sorrow and pain in light of the fact that our repeated attempts to present quality acts and festivals in Israel have increasingly been falling victim to what I can only describe as a form of cultural terrorism which is targeting Israel and the arts worldwide . ”
Read the original post in English here .
In de bus naar Gameship in Leeuwarden haalde Pac - Man bedenker Toru Iwatani ( in Nederland als spreker op het Festival of Games ) even een mapje tevoorschijn …
… met zijn originele schetsen voor Pac - Man !
( Klik voor meer detail )
De foto ’s zijn genomen door Sandra Pompe van NL EVD Internationaal ( Agentschap NL ) .
In de komende uitgave van Control nog een paar verrassende onthullingen over de man achter Pac - Man .
Read the original post in English here .
Presented without comment .
Okay maybe one : man those are some suggestively juicy hot dogs .
( I did n’t say juicy wieners because we ’re grown ups , okay ? )
Okay , two comments : that much body hair plus food preparation is screaming hair net .
Do they make a chest hair net too ?
Did Robin Williams ever work at a MacDonald’s ?
Man , Wolverine looks less like he ’s eating that dog and more like he ’s teaching it an important life lesson through tough love .
“ I ’m gonna keep stabbing you until you learn to stand up for yourself , hot dog wiener ! ”
Also , I think I need an adult because the way Wolverine ’s mouth is approaching that hot dog you ’d think it was Jean Grey .
I do n’t even know what that last line means ; it ’s a joke for nerds .
Por Lourdes Encinas Moreno
Ehui.com / Primera Plana
A un año del incendio en la guardería ABC el rompecabezas empieza a acomodarse , la existencia de un tercer peritaje independiente , que acredita la intencionalidad del siniestro en la bodega del Gobierno de Sonora , se perfila como la base con la que la Procuraduría General de la República ( PGR ) pueda proceder a la reclasificación el delito de culposo a doloso , fincando responsabilidad penal a ex funcionarios de primer nivel , incluido Eduardo Bours Castelo .
Con información confirmada de fuentes involucradas en la investigación , que por seguridad pidieron el anonimato , revelan que el presidente Felipe Calderón Hinojosa instruyó a la PGR para que llame al responsable de este dictamen para que lo ratifique y , de ser así , reclasificar el delito de lesiones y homicidio culposo a doloso , que no alcanza fianza , por lo que los inculpados llevarían el proceso tras las rejas .
Las conclusiones de este peritaje sobre el incendio en la bodega de la Secretaría de Hacienda de Sonora , que pasó a la guardería ABC , son :
Que se produjo por la mano del hombre ,
Se encontró evidencia de acelaradores químicos ,
La fuente de ignición fue una llama directa ,
La papelería almacenada fungió como combustible
Que inició antes o al mismo tiempo de que los empleados abandonaran el lugar .
Este peritaje , al cual se tuvo acceso , fue solicitado a la PGR en base a la demanda interpuesta por un grupo de padres de niños lesionados , se realizó el 4 y 5 de enero de 2010 por la Associated Fire Consultants , Incorporated ( Asociación Nacional de Protección del Fuego ) , con sede en Tucson , Arizona .
El documento es firmado por David Smith , con fecha de 4 de febrero de 2010 .
Se utilizó la metodología de la Asociación Nacional de Protección del Fuego , Documento NFPA 921 ( por sus siglas en inglés ) , “ A Guide for Fire en Explosion Investigation ” ( Guía para Investigación de Fuego y Explosiones ) y del cual Smith es coautor .
El NFPA 921 se ha usado como un estándar para investigadores profesionales de incendios , así como el sistema para la corte en Estados Unidos , Reino Unido , Australia , Nueva Zelanda y Canadá , en cuanto al origen del incendio y testigos causales expertos .
También es usado en Centro y Sudamérica .
El incendio : origen , causa y responsabilidad
Este peritaje clasificó el siniestro de la bodega como “ incendiario ” , es decir , “ intencionalmente provocado bajo circunstancias en las cuales la persona sabe que el incendio no debería de iniciarse ” .
En el documento se subraya que el papel contenido en las cajas de archivo se consumieron en su totalidad , lo que califican de “ extraordinario ” ya que “ es extremadamente difícil quemar completamente papel apilado , debido a su masa y falta de oxígeno al interior de la pila ” .
Se notó que el fondo de las cajas de papel estaba parcialmente consumido a nivel del piso en una patente irregular .
“ Las patentes observadas son consistentes con la aplicación de líquido de ignición , comúnmente referidos como aceleradores .
No se encontró en el área ningún contenedor que pudiera explicar potencialmente la fuente del líquido acelerador de manera accidental ” .
En su conclusión de la causa del incendio , el señor Smith establece que de acuerdo a NFPA 921 , el aire en la bodega hizo las veces de oxidante , el primer combustible es muy probablemente combustible ligero en forma de “ archivos gubernamentales ” y la fuente de ignición puede ser inferida como una flama directa , ya que no se sabe de otras fuentes de ignición presentes .
“ La forma y ubicación de patentes irregulares de líquido en el piso dañado son consistentes , en este caso , con la distribución de líquido de ignición .
Desafortunadamente , la demora de siete meses entre el incendio y la inspección de un servidor evita que los análisis de laboratorio del escombro confirmen la presencia o tipo de líquido de ignición ” , señala David Smith .
El dictamen concluye con la definición de responsabilidades derivado del origen del incendio , en este caso en la bodega de Hacienda estatal y , al no ser un evento fortuito , señala a la persona o personas que tenían acceso a este lugar , durante el tiempo que estaba ocupada por empleados estatales .
“ Información recibida , representando que el incendio fue descubierto antes de 10 minutos después de que los empleados salieran , refuerzan la opinión de que el fuego había comenzado antes de o al mismo tiempo que los empleados salían .
El volumen en metros cúbicos del edificio podría proveer naturalmente un período prolongado de tiempo para que el humo y el calor se concentraran al interior , antes de que éste se ventilara al exterior .
En ningún momento se hace mención al cooler .
Tanto el peritaje de la PGJE como el de la SCJN , realizado éste por The McMullen Company , coincidieron en que el incendio se originó por el sobrecalentamiento del motor del cooler .
La cronología
En su primera declaración ante la PGJE , empleados de la bodega estatal , declararon que abandonaron la bodega de hacienda a las 2.45 de la tarde .
Sin embargo , quedó acreditado en los expedientes judiciales que ésa fue la hora en que empezó a quemarse la guardería .
Quedó asentado también que la primer llamada que se recibió en el C4 fue a las 2.54 pm y a las 2.56 se asignó a la primer patrulla para acudir al lugar .
El peritaje de los norteamericanos reveló que debido al área de la bodega , debió generarse 10 minutos antes o al mismo tiempo que los empleados salían de la bodega .
El documento
En rueda de prensa junto a Bours Castelo , el 6 de junio , el director general del IMSS , Daniel Karam Toumeh , declaró que la guardería ABC había aprobado la última revisión realizada a sus instalaciones en mayo de 2009 .
El 12 de junio , en rueda de prensa conjunta el entonces titular de la PGR , Eduardo Medina Mora y el procurador estatal , Abel Murrieta Gutiérrez , dio a conocer la existencia de un documento en el que se hacía notar a los dueños de la guardería ABC sobre fallas en el sistema de seguridad que debían ser subsanadas .
Ese mismo día , Alfonso Escalante Hoeffer , esposo de una de las socias de la guardería , desmintió su existencia .
El 16 de junio , Murrieta Gutiérrez , y el entonces delegado de la PGR en Sonora , Martín Godoy Castro , presentaron el documento supuestamente emitido el 26 de julio de 2005 por Emigdio Martínez García , jefe delegacional de Prestaciones Económicas y Sociales del IMSS , dirigido al entonces representante legal de la guardería , Marcelo Meouchi Tirado , en el que se pedía subsanar las irregularidades de contar con techo de falso plafón , la cubierta de poliuretano espreado sin revestimiento y la falta de salidas de emergencia .
En el transcurso de la investigación , quedó acreditado en la averiguación previa AP / PGR / SON / HER -V/1132/2009 , el testimonio de Martínez García , afirmando que ése documento es falso , puesto que carecía de las claves de seguridad que él solía utilizar en los documentos que firmaba y desconociendo la rúbrica .
Tiempo después , Emigidio Martínez falleció víctima de cáncer .
El tercer dictamen
La existencia del dictamen de Associated Fire Consultants , Incorporated , fue revelada en febrero pasado por un grupo de padres de menores fallecidos , llamado “ Manos Unidas por Nuestros Niños ” .
Al no haber revelado copia del peritaje , éste no fue validado por el resto de los padres de familia .
Que para ese momento , estaban ya divididos en grupos : “ Movimiento Ciudadano por la Justicia del 5 de Junio ” , y con la misma representación legal los de “ Manos Unidas por Nuestros Niños ” , “ Salud y Justicia ” y “ Padres Unidos ” .
El 30 de abril , una representación de padres de niños fallecidos , lesionados y de los heridos más graves , pertenecientes a estos últimos grupos , fueron recibidos en Los Pinos por el presidente Felipe Calderón Hinojosa , siendo su esposa Margarita Zavala el conducto .
Al presidente , se le entregó copia de este peritaje , que se realizó en coadyuvancia con la PGR .
En ese encuentro estuvieron presentes el director del IMSS , Daniel Karam Toumeh , la primera dama , Margarita Zavala y el secretario particular de Calderón , Luis Felipe Bravo Mena .
El otro caso
El 29 de septiembre de 2002 , mientras la atención de medios y sociedad estaba centrada en la elección del candidato del PRI al Gobierno de Sonora , una bodega de la entonces Secretaría de Finanzas se incendiaba .
Eduardo Bours Castelo se alzó ese día con la victoria .
La nota del periódico El Imparcial , escrita por el entonces reportero José Larrinaga Talamantes , hoy vocero de la Procuraduría General de Justicia del Estado ( PGJE ) , da cuenta de que se tardaron 12 horas en sofocar el incendio que consumió papelería y las instalaciones .
No hubo ningún herido , sólo daños materiales .
A la postre , trascendió que esa bodega , propiedad de Efraín Monreal , almacenaba la documentación del cuestionado proceso de regularización de autos “ chuecos ” , que terminó con una investigación de Contraloría .
Siete años después , el 5 de junio de 2009 , al final del sexenio de Bours Castelo , otra bodega de la ahora llamada Secretaría de Hacienda de Sonora se incendió .
Las consecuencias , sin embargo , resultaron brutalmente distintas : el saldo fue 49 niños muertos y 75 lesionados .
Esta bodega estaba en la misma nave industrial que la guardería ABC , subrogada del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social ( IMSS ) , separados por un muro , pero compartiendo un mismo techo , desprendido en ciertas áreas , lo que permitió el paso del humo y las llamas a la estancia infantil .
La bodega y la guardería
La guardería ABC inició operaciones de 2001 , obteniendo la autorización el 6 de agosto de ese año , bajo el esquema de subrogación a particulares .
El contrato de renovación fue firmado el 29 de diciembre de 2006 , por el entonces director del IMSS , Juan Molinar Horcasitas , con vigencia hasta diciembre de 2009 .
Es decir , la guardería se instaló primero que la bodega estatal .
El contrato de arrendamiento de la bodega fue signado el 14 de febrero de 2002 , siendo la última renovación el 1 de enero de 2009 con vigencia al 31 de diciembre del mismo año , pagando una renta mensual de 41 mil 337.29 pesos a sus propietarios .
Firmaron sus propietarios María Esmeralda Matiella Mendoza y/o José Manuel Matiella Urquidez y por los entoncesDirector Administrativo de la Secretaría de Hacienda , Miguel Eugenio Lohr Martínez y el Coordinador Estatal de Bienes y Concesiones , Eliseo Morales Ramírez .
En la cláusula cuatro del contrato , se específico que su uso sería exclusivo para el resguardo de placas de la Dirección General de Recaudación .
Sin embargo , al momento del incendio se acreditó la existencia de cajas con papelería y tres vehículos con gasolina en su tanque .
Las instalaciones de la bodega están clasificadas como de Alto Riesgo .
Quedando acreditado en los peritajes que no cumplía con las normas de seguridad , al no contar ni siquiera con detectores de humo , extinguidores , aspersores ni salidas de emergencia ; así como con una instalación eléctrica inadecuada .
Quedó asentado también que no existe documento alguno de Protección Civil que acredite que se le haya realizado alguna inspección .
Por su ubicación y tamaño , la guardería ABC era una de las más solicitadas de la ciudad , teniendo incluso lista de espera .
Nunca se pudo precisar cuántos niños exactamente estaban en la estancia al momento del incendio , dando las autoridades un número no corroborado de 142 pequeños .
Apple is investigating reports that the latest iPhone operating system causes problems for users of the iPhone 3G , after a series of complaints on Apple support forums and technology blogs .
Apple is aware of the reports and is looking into the matter , a spokeswoman told Digits .
Reports of the problems have been overshadowed by " Antennagate " -- complaints about the iPhone 4 antenna that led Apple to issue free cases to all buyers .
But since the iOS 4 software became available in late June , user concerns have ...
We get the feeling that there will be lots more details on this whole announcement during Hewlett - Packard 's forthcoming press event , but for now , all we know is that HP 's next generation of web connected printers will have something that no other consumer printer has had before : an email address to call their own .
As the need for printing declines with the broadening availability of cloud access , HP is having to rethink its strategy in the business .
According to a report over at the New York Times , the answer lies in giving each new connected printer a dedicated email addy , which would enable users to fire off an image snapped on their smartphone and have it waiting for them when they get back home .
We 're also told that printing from Google Documents and Spreadsheets will be easy enough , and we would n't be shocked to see Picasa integration as well .
We 're guessing that the new devices will have a robust security suite that 'll filter who can and can't dictate the print function via email ( but then again , HP does enjoy moving ink ) , and considering that they 'll be priced from $ 99 to $ 400 , just about everyone will be able to buy in .
Conveniently missing from the story ?
Any mention whatsoever of webOS .
Bollocks .
A spokesman for Rep. Michele Bachmann says ' investigating the administration for their mischief is a big priority ' if Republicans win back control of the House in November .
Bachmann promises subpoenas
If Republicans take the House in November , Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota says that “ all we should do is issue subpoenas and have one hearing after another . ”
Speaking at the GOP Youth Convention on Thursday in Washington , she said she hopes to " expose all the nonsense that is going on . ”
Advertisement
Bachmann 's remarks were recorded by the blog Three Fingers of Politics , which posted an audio clip .
Bachmann also warned the GOP , though , that if they do take power , they must stick to being the “ constitutional conservatives ” they portray themselves to be .
“ We have to make sure that we do what the people want us to do , ” she said .
A spokesman for Bachmann said " investigating the administration for their mischief is a big priority , " along with " repealing Obamacare , restoring the free markets and making sure we stop the spending spree . "
Indian mum ' tries to flush newborn down plane toilet '
An Indian woman gave birth to a baby in the lavatory of an international passenger plane and tried to dispose of it down the toilet , media reports in New Delhi said on Thursday .
There ’s very little the Mormon Church can do to surprise anyone these days ( short of raping children , but the Catholics already have that covered ) .
So is it any surprise that they failed to report their last - minute financial contributions to the Yes on 8 campaign ?
No ?
Well is it any more surprising that the California Fair Political Practices Commission only fined the church $ 5,538 for failing to report tens of thousands in electoral financing ?
No ?
The meager fine all but ensures sketchy Mormon involvement in the next stateside gay marriage vote , because why be honest when you can pay to avoid transparency ?
Thanks a lot , Heavenly Father .
Tobias Schneider has another piece of JavaScript Badassery , this time another play at fixing the JavaScript object model .
def.js is just over 90 lines long , but it has some cool tricks up it ’s sleeve .
First , check out this example of it in use :
def ( " Person " ) ( { init : function ( name ) { this .
name = name ; } , speak : function ( text ) { alert ( text || " Hi , my name is " + this .name ) ; } } ) ; def ( " Ninja " ) << Person ( { init : function ( name ) { __super__( name ) ; } , kick : function ( ) { this .speak ( " I kick u ! " ) ; } } ) ; var ninjy = new Ninja ( " JDD " ) ; ninjy.speak ( ) ; ninjy.kick ( ) ;
It is all pretty standard stuff until you get to the declaration of the Ninja class , which extends the Person class .
Through some trickery using valueOf and bit shifting operations , def.js is able to create a non-standard looking syntax for extending objects that is very readable and intuitive .
It also manages to get a pretty simple syntax for running super , through the use of the non-standard but well implemented property of all Function objects , caller .
This combination is enough to make an interesting syntax for dealing with classes in JavaScript .
You can check out the code on Github , and hack away on it if you ’d like !
And as Malte Ubl just said on Twitter :
Now , get to work on your own hacks !
Italians confident of deal between £ 11 - 13 m for in - demand forward
Ourprovides the best breaking news online and ourfootball fan community is unmatched worldwide .
Never miss a thing again !
By Sulmaan Ahmad | Chief Editor AC Milan are close to securing the signing of Japan 's World Cup sensation , Keisuke Honda , from CSKA Moscow can reveal .
The Italian giants made an offer of £ 10.9 m ( €13 m ) on Thursday , to which the Russian club responded requesting an increased bid of £ 12.5 m ( €15 m ) , and now sources from within the Rossoneri are confident of securing the Japanese star 's signature imminently .
" We are very close to signing Honda , the clubs are very close to finding an agreement , " said the source . "
[ Milan coach Massimiliano ]
Allegri likes him a lot and wants to see him playing alongside [ Alexandre ] Pato and Ronaldinho .
" Honda , 24 , has been the subject of widespread attention and admiration for his impressive performances for CSKA Moscow in the 2009 - 10 Champions League , followed by a superb World Cup campaign for Japan , in which he scored two eye - catching goals .
The attacking midfielder - who is best known for his lethal left foot - has been linked with Arsenal , Liverpool , Birmingham City , Everton , Atletico Madrid , Deportiva La Coruna and Valencia , among others .
Both clubs have refused to confirm negotiations have begun to bring the player to the San Siro , but the transfer is believed to be edging towards completion .
Posted by John , June 9th , 2010 - under Social Democracy , Socialism , Stalinism .
Confusion abounds about the actual meaning of socialism .
For most people , socialism evokes some notion of “ equality ” or redistributing society ’s wealth .
Many others derive their understanding of socialism from the so - called communist countries : the Soviet Union , Mao ’s China , Cuba or Vietnam .
When the conservative press labels Obama a “ socialist ” when he talks about lowering excessive CEO salaries or about reforming health care , it adds to the confusion about socialism and bolsters another commonly held perception that socialism simply means a society with a more interventionist or “ big ” government , a more nationalised economy , with more public or state - run services .
To reach any clarity on this question , a number of myths must be debunked , beginning with the lie that horrible dictatorships like those of Stalin ’s Russia had anything to do with socialism .
None of the countries that have called themselves socialist have actually been so .
In fact , the “ Marxism ” of the Stalinist regimes of Russia , China , Vietnam and Cuba was as far away from socialist principles as you can get ; societies in which workers had no control over any aspect of their lives , were exploited for the purpose of economic competition with the West , and were brutally repressed if they dared dissent .
These were , and remain today , capitalist societies in which the ruling class cloaked themselves in the rhetoric of socialism to enforce their rule over the vast majority of workers .
It has always been very useful for advocates of capitalism to point to these states as examples of socialism to deter people for fighting for a different society , and reinforce the status quo .
Many people who identify as socialists have reinforced the lie that the Stalinist states exemplified socialism by arguing that they were some form of workers ’ states .
If socialism is not Stalinism , it is also much more than a more nationalised economy and a few more publicly run services .
When we argue that another world is possible , we mean a world free of the class divisions and inequality of capitalism .
A world in which all resources are directed towards enriching and bettering society and where production is determined by what the mass of workers want and need , rather than what will make profits for a tiny minority of CEOs and bosses as it is today .
A world in which the workers who do all of the work necessary to run society have full control over their destinies , call all of the shots and make all the decisions about all aspects of that society , from how resources will be used to how everything will be organised .
This type of society is a far cry from capitalism , which today can’t even provide us with decent public health or an affordable , reliable public transport system .
But it is precisely the type of society that Karl Marx thought it was possible for workers to build , having once struggled collectively to overthrow the old order .
Although Marx was never prescriptive about what a future socialist society would look like – stating that it would be up to workers themselves to determine it – he argued that such a society would for the first time , place real control and power in the hands of the majority , that it would be a society governed collectively by the majority and in the interests of the majority .
Towards the end of Marx ’s life , the revolutionary struggle of French workers threw up an example that reinforced Marx ’s ideas about what socialism could be like .
In 1871 , the workers of Paris rose up and seized control of their city , replacing the rule of the government with the Commune .
This body stood in stark contrast to the “ representative ” democracy we have under capitalism .
Rather than have unaccountable politicians preside over society , workers elected delegates to the Commune who could be recalled immediately if they made decisions that went against workers ’ interests .
These delegates were paid no more than the average wage , in order to prevent a situation in which people stood merely to gain individual power or privilege .
In this way , the Commune represented an extension of democracy for workers , who immediately set about making Paris a more equal city .
The Commune passed decrees that gave unemployed people work in abandoned factories , eliminated boring and repetitive work and shortened the working day .
Since socialist revolution is the act of the mass of workers taking control , the Commune also saw the full participation of all members of society , including women who defied the gender roles of the time to play an active role as political speakers and armed defenders of the Commune against the French state .
Although the Paris Commune was put down after a few months it stood as an inspiring example of what a society run by workers – socialism – could look like .
Every revolution since has seen workers form democratic bodies like the Commune , which allowed the mass participation of workers in the running of society – from the soviets of the Russian revolution in 1917 , to the shoras of the Iranian revolution in 1979 .
While we ca n’t surmise how workers would organise every aspect of a socialist society , a few things are certain : resources would go towards improving health and education and eliminating poverty , towards feeding and housing people , curing illnesses and saving the environment from the destruction wrought upon it , instead of being squandered on barbarous wars that continue to kill millions in places like Afghanistan .
A socialist society is not only desirable , but necessary .
This article by Rebecca Barrigos first appeared in Socialist Alternative online on 25 May 2010 .
MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann made a brief return from a two - week vacation Wednesday to deliver a “ special comment ” on how a selectively edited videotape that the conservative media ran with cost a USDA worker her job this week .
Olbermann compared Shirley Sherrod to the story of an innocent French infantryman that was unfairly convicted and sent to prison in 1895 .
Alfred Dreyfus was later released and reinstated .
ADVERTISEMENT
Like Dreyfus , selectively edited evidence led to a presumption of guilt instead of innocence , Olbermann essentially argued .
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack asked Sherrod to resign and the NAACP condemned her before the unedited video tape had been seen .
After seeing the full video , the NAACP , Vilsack and the White House apologized and she was offered a new job with the Department of Agriculture .
“ Well we need to congratulate ourselves , ” said Olbermann .
“ How far we have come !
We can pull a Dreyfus faster than the French could in 1894 .
Eighty - two days until they sent him to Devil ’s Island ?
We did it to Shirley Sherrod in 48 hours . ”
Olbermann believes there ’s plenty of blame to go around for the quick condemnation of Sherrod .
“ We — the howling fools of the far right , the stand - aside pathetic bureaucrats of the Department of Agriculture , the whole of the cowering media , this network included , the whole of the government , this self - defeatingly above - it - all president , included , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
But clearly he thinks the bulk of fault lies with Andrew Breitbart and Fox News .
“ Shirley Sherrod has been to her own Devil ’s Island , and thanks to the perpetual fraud machine that is Fox News , and the scum that is this assassin Breitbart , there will be a portion of this country – the mindless , the hateful , the reactionary , the racist – to whom she is forever convicted and ever imprisoned , ” said Olbermann .
“ And today the proof lies in front of you , bleeding : the reputation of Shirley Sherrod , a woman who 24 years ago saw and overcame the vengeance in her own heart and achieved the kind of true greatness the rest of us can only hope we might express for one moment in the whole of our lives .
Assassinated by Fox News !
Assassinated by that scum Breitbart !
Assassinated by all their meager - brained imitators on other channels and other sites , their limp fellow travelers who never asked questions first , but simply shot , and shot , and shot , and shot and laughed ! ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Olbermann continued to assail the conservative news network .
“ Let me make this utterly clear :
What you see on Fox News , what you read on Right Wing websites , is the utter and complete perversion of journalism , and it can have no place in a civilized society .
It is words crashed together , never to inform , only to inflame .
It is a political guillotine .
It is the manipulation of reality to make the racist seem benevolent , and to convict the benevolent as racist — even if her words must be edited , filleted , stripped of all context , rearranged , fabricated , and falsified , to do so . ”
His own network shares in the culpability for allowing Breitbart airtime , explained Olbermann .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The legitimate media did n’t first look at the whole videotape .
We did n’t first ask if the doctored clip perverted by the scum Breitbart did n’t seem to be leading up to a ‘ however . ’
We did n’t , even today , when even this network let this pornographer of propaganda Breitbart come on and spew his lies and his venom and his fraudulent self - defense like a quack doctor attending a life - or - death surgery , we did n’t once … consider the source , ” he said .
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast July 21 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
With BP Oil Spill Reaching Mississippi Shore , Gov. Haley Barbour Pleads for Supplies
Alex threatens to stall cleanup -- Miss .
Gov. says his state is at risk .
June 28 , 2010  -- Just weeks ago , Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour claimed that oil was not a big threat to the people of the Gulf Coast .
Now , with oil hitting his state 's beaches for the first time since the start of the BP spill , the Republican governor says his state is n't prepared for the spill and needs more help .
Earlier in June , Barbour said , " Once [ oil ] gets to this stage , it 's not poisonous , " though he said it probably was n't a good idea to brush one 's teeth with it .
Watch ' World News ' for more on the BP Oil Spill .
With black gobs of oil now sullying Mississippi's white beaches , the governor is taking a more serious tone , asking for more resources to combat the problem he had dismissed .
" We have to be honest with the public .
Right now we do n't have enough skimming capacity if everything that 's off our shores continues going north , " Barbour said .
On day 70 of the spill , local officials say they 're sorely lacking in supplies to fight the oil .
The mayor of Ocean Springs , Miss . told ABC
News they 're not seeing the response they need from state and federal officials to an urgent problem .
When told that significant amounts of oil were hitting shore , authorities " did n't react at all , " said Mayor Connie Morgan .
" They said there 's more oil than boats . "
Along the Mississippi coast , that oil is derailing families ' beach plans and threatening the state 's vital tourism industry .
" It 's a lot worse than I thought it would be , " said Mike Brown , who took his three young daughters to a Mississippi beach today , only to find it closed .
" The place where we go to get away from it all , ca n't go there anymore . "
After a beach trip yesterday , Brown 's daughter Kendall was smothered in oil they described as " goopy . "
In places where the oil is already getting through , the spill is already taking its toll on Mississippi wildlife .
Some pelicans photographed today had brown underbellies .
They 're usually white in color .
Heavy Seas from Alex Could Complicate Cleanup
Far south of the Mississippi shore , Tropical Storm Alex stewed just west of Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula today .
Alex is projected to strengthen to a Category 3 hurricane before it makes landfall later this week near the Texas - Mexico border .
Alex is mercifully projected to land far away from the site of the BP spill , but the storm could certainly still interfere with cleanup efforts .
Forecasters anticipate that Alex will churn up heavy seas , making containment booms useless against the oil until the waters calm again .
Booms are currently the first line of defense against the encroaching oil .
The storm could sideline oil skimming boats and bring cleanup to a standstill , though it 's not likely to interfere with BP 's oil capture efforts at the site of the leak .
The containment system is now capturing nearly 1 million gallons of crude per day from the leak , which the government believes could be leaking up to 2.5 million gallons a day .
BP and the federal government say that the storm will also not affect the drilling of relief wells that promise to fully stop the leak .
" We are watching very , very closely , " said Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , the leader of the government 's oil spill response .
" As it stands right now , absent the intervention of a hurricane , we 're still looking at mid-August " to complete the relief well .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Remember the slew of stories claiming that the police were banning people from wearing England tops ?
I debunked that here , as others have repeatedly .
Now , the Worksop Guardian reports ( via @ JonnElledge ) :
A BOGUS police officer is operating in and around Worksop telling people to remove their England shirts and take down their flags .
A probe was launched after the Guardian revealed that a woman in the town had been asked to take down her England flags by what she thought was a genuine police officer .
It has now emerged that someone is posing as a Police Community Support Officer ( PCSO ) and was in Clumber Park last weekend asking people to remove their England shirts .
Chief Superintendent Dave Wakelin said : “ I am aware of last week ’s publicity regarding the story that one of my staff members advised a local Worksop resident to remove her flag from her balcony as it was upsetting foreign residents . ”
“ We are now absolutely certain that these were not bona - fide members of Notts Police , and this , linked to reports that over the weekend similar incidents occurred with people in Clumber Park being told remove their England shirts , leads me to believe that there is someone in our local community intending to cause unease . ”
San Francisco , a U.S. trendsetter on many social issues , voted Tuesday to require retailers to post notices on how much radiation is emitted by cellphones they sell .
The Board of Supervisors approved the ordiance , believed to be the first of its kind in the United States , despite opposition from the cellphone industry , which argued that it could impede sales and mislead consumers into believing some phones are safer than others .
Follow Green House on Twitter
There 's no scientific consensus on the dangers of cellphone radiation , but the Federal Communications Commission sets exposure limits .
Cellphones can't have a specific absorption rate ( SAR ) -- the amount of radio waves absorbed by the user 's body -- greater than 1.6 watts per kilogram .
The Environmental Working Group , a private government watchdog group , says cellphone users can take steps to reduce exposure by , among other things , texting and listening rather than talking and by using a headset or speaker .
Mayor Gavin Newsom , an avid iPhone user who is running as the Democratic nominee for California 's lieutenant governor , is expected to sign the ordinance into law after a 10 - day comment period , reports the Associated Press .
" In addition to protecting the consumers ' right to know , this legislation will encourage telephone manufacturers to redesign their devices to function at lower radiation levels , " Gavin said in January in proposing the legislation .
Gavin said more research is needed on cellphone safety but cited recent studies that indicate long - term exposure to cellphone radiation can increase the risks of brain and mouth cancer , among other serious health problems .
The ordinance will requires retailers to post , in at least 11 - point type , each phone 's SAR , as reported to the U.S. government .
John Walls , a spokesman for C.T.I.A. - The Wireless Association , a trade group , said doing so might confuse consumers into thinking some phones are safer than others , according to AP .
San Francisco , whose residents already face mandatory composting and a ban on plastic bags , is not the first place to consider a cellphone radiation law .
The New York Times reports that the California Senate voted down a more comprehensive labeling bill earlier this month and a bill in Maine that would have required warning labels on cellphones like those on cigarettes was defeated in March .
The Times story says a major study of cellphone use in 13 countries published online last month in the International Journal of Epidemiology found no increased risk for the two most common types of brain tumors .
It adds :
In the most extreme cellphone users , there was a small increase in a type of cancer that attacks the cells that surround nerve cells , though researchers found that finding inconclusive .
Readers :
Is San Francisco 's cellphone radiation law a good idea ?
First - of - its - Kind Map Depicts Global Forest Heights
› View larger image A first - of - its - kind global map shows forest canopy height in shades of green from 0 to 70 meters ( 230 feet ) .
For any patch of forest , the height shown means that 90 percent or more of the trees in the patch are that tall or taller .
Areas without forest are shown in tan .
Credit : NASA Earth Observatory / Image by Jesse Allen and Robert Simmon / Based on data from Michael Lefsky .
› View larger image A forest canopy height map of the contiguous United States .
Credit : NASA Earth Observatory / Image by Jesse Allen and Robert Simmon / Based on data from Michael Lefsky .
Adam Voiland
NASA 's Earth Science News Team
Using NASA satellite data , scientists have produced a first - of - its kind map that details the height of the world ’s forests .
Although there are other local - and regional - scale forest canopy maps , the new map is the first that spans the entire globe based on one uniform method .
The work -- based on data collected by NASA 's ICESat , Terra , and Aqua satellites -- should help scientists build an inventory of how much carbon the world ’s forests store and how fast that carbon cycles through ecosystems and back into the atmosphere .
Michael Lefsky of the Colorado State University described his results in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
The new map shows the world ’s tallest forests clustered in the Pacific Northwest of North America and portions of Southeast Asia , while shorter forests are found in broad swaths across northern Canada and Eurasia .
The map depicts average height over 5 square kilometers ( 1.9 square miles ) regions ) , not the maximum heights that any one tree or small patch of trees might attain .
Temperate conifer forests -- which are extremely moist and contain massive trees such as Douglas fir , western hemlock , redwoods , and sequoias -- have the tallest canopies , soaring easily above 40 meters ( 131 feet ) .
In contrast , boreal forests dominated by spruce , fir , pine , and larch had canopies typically less than 20 meters ( 66 feet ) .
Relatively undisturbed areas in tropical rain forests were about 25 meters ( 82 feet ) , roughly the same height as the oak , beeches , and birches of temperate broadleaf forests common in Europe and much of the United States .
Scientific interest in the new map goes far beyond curiosities about tree height .
The map has implications for an ongoing effort to estimate the amount of carbon tied up in Earth ’s forests and for explaining what sops up 2 billion tons of “ missing ” carbon each year .
Humans release about 7 billion tons of carbon annually , mostly in the form of carbon dioxide .
Of that , 3 billion tons end up in the atmosphere and 2 billion tons in the ocean .
It ’s unclear where the last two billion tons of carbon go , though scientists suspect forests capture and store much of it as biomass through photosynthesis .
There are hints that young forests absorb more carbon than older ones , as do wetter ones , and that large amounts of carbon end up in certain types of soil .
But ecologists have only begun to pin down the details as they try to figure out whether the planet can continue to soak up so much of our annual carbon emissions and whether it will continue to do so as climate changes .
“ What we really want is a map of above - ground biomass , and the height map helps get us there , ” said Richard Houghton , an expert in terrestrial ecosystem science and the deputy director of the Woods Hole Research Center .
One of Lefsky ’s colleagues , Sassan Saatchi of NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory , has already started combining the height data with forest inventories to create biomass maps for tropical forests .
Complete global inventories of biomass , when they exist , can improve climate models and guide policymakers on how to minimize the human impact on climate with carbon offsets .
More immediately , said University of Maryland remote sensing expert Ralph Dubayah , tree canopy heights can be plugged into models that predict the spread and behavior of fires , as well as ecological models that help biologists understand the suitability of species to specific forests .
Lefsky used data from a laser technology called LIDAR that ’s capable of capturing vertical slices of surface features .
It measures forest canopy height by shooting pulses of light at the surface and observing how much longer it takes for light to bounce back from the ground surface than from the top of the canopy .
Since LIDAR can penetrate the top layer of forest canopy , it provides a fully - textured snapshot of the vertical structure of a forest -- something that no other scientific instrument can offer .
“ LIDAR is unparalleled for this type of measurement , ” Lefsky said , noting it would have taken weeks or more to collect the same amount of data in the field by counting and measuring tree trunks that LIDAR can capture in seconds .
He based his map on data from more than 250 million laser pulses collected during a seven year period .
That may sound like an enormous amount of data , but each pulse returns information about just a tiny portion of the surface .
Overall , the LIDAR offered direct measurements of 2.4 percent of the Earth ’s forested surfaces .
To create his global map forest height map , Lefsky combined the LIDAR data with information from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) , a satellite instrument aboard both the Terra and Aqua satellites that senses a much broader swath of Earth ’s surface , even though it does n’t provide the vertical profile .
“ This is a really just a first draft , and it will certainly be refined in the future , ” said Lefsky .
Fusing the two sets of data proved difficult , and Lefsky spent years honing quantitative techniques to make the combination possible .
Part of the difficulty was that the LIDAR data Lefsky used came from an instrument aboard ICESat , a mission optimized to study the topography of ice sheets , not vegetation .
The next generation LIDAR measurements of forests and biomass , which will improve the resolution of the map considerably , could come from NASA 's Deformation , Ecosystem Structure and Dynamics of Ice ( DESDynI ) satellite , proposed for the latter part of this decade .
“ We ’ve never been able to look at a map and say here ’s how tall the canopy is before , ” said Dubayah , one of the DESDy nI project scientists .
“ This map is a big step forward , and it really helps set the stage for DESDynI and shows what ’s possible . ” Michael Lefsky ’s HomepageMystery of the Missing CarbonSassan Saatchi’s HomepageThe Carbon CycleIceSat/ GLASDESDynILasers
Help Researchers Predict Birds ' Preferred Habitat
The US Chamber of Commerce launched a political broadside against Democrats and the Obama administration Wednesday , accusing the administration of harming the economy through its health care reform and financial reform agendas .
“ Instead of continuing their partnership with the business community and embracing proven ideas for job creation , they vilified industries while embarking on an ill - advised course of government expansion , major tax increases , massive deficits , and job - destroying regulations , ” the Chamber said in an open letter ( PDF ) to the president .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Through their legislative and regulatory proposals … the congressional majority and the administration have injected tremendous uncertainty into economic decision making and business planning , ” the letter continued .
“ We call upon policymakers of all parties and philosophies to end the finger - pointing and work constructively with the job creators to reduce uncertainty , restore confidence , and restart the recovery . ”
Many of the Chamber ’s talking points are so similar to ones used by Republicans that it prompted The Hill to report that “ the chamber … is now casting its lot with Republicans . ”
The letter to the president coincided with a Chamber - sponsored “ jobs summit , ” currently taking place in Washington , DC .
Among the Chamber ’s proposals to stimulate job growth was a call for the Bush - era tax cuts , set to expire at the end of this year , to be extended .
“ In one bold , swift move , this would substantially boost investor , business , and consumer confidence and would infuse our economy with fresh momentum , ” the Chamber said in its letter .
ADVERTISEMENT
But that is an assertion that is hotly contested among lawmakers and economists .
Many economic theorists say that , far from stimulating sustained economic growth , the Bush tax cuts widened the gap between rich and poor and created the strain on consumers that ended in the real estate market collapse of recent years .
The Congressional Budget Office has released reports showing that the tax cuts , enacted in 2001 and 2003 , have contributed significantly to the US ’s budget deficit .
In at least one year since the cuts were enacted , the federal government would have run a surplus had the tax cuts not existed .
Extending the tax cuts for all earners would cost the federal government an estimated $ 2.2 trillion over 10 years ; extending only the portion on people earning more than $ 250,000 would cost an estimated $ 678 billion over the same time period .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a surprisingly confrontational interview , Betty Liu of Bloomberg TV grilled Chamber President Tom Donohue over the increasingly bitter , partisan tone of his chamber ’s communiques .
“ Is this [ jobs ] summit just to air what you think has gone wrong , or is there really going to be anything solid coming out of this ? ”
Liu asked .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re not airing any grievances with the White House , ” Donohue said , arguing that his chamber wants to bring attention to job - creation policies .
“ Did you invite White House officials to speak at this summit ? ” Liu asked .
“ No , we did n’t , ” Donohue replied .
“ We regularly invite White House officials to participate in our activities , often they do n’t come .
The cabinet secretaries come .
Although the president was over the other day when the the president of Russia was here …. ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Pressed again by Liu to explain why the Chamber would n’t want White House officials at their jobs summit , Donohue said the Chamber has “ a very full agenda ” and needs to concentrate on activities like “ giving awards to job creators throughout the country . ”
This video is from Bloomberg ’s In the Loop , broadcast July 14 , 2010 .
This guy in Texas got busted for assaulting a police officer , as part of his sentence he had to do community service .
So he supposedly baked a bunch of cookies and delivered them as gift baskets for Mothers Against Drunk Driving to the Police .
I ’m still wondering how can you field test a cookie to see if there ’s LSD in it ?
That claims seems a bit fishy .
Update !
As it turns out , the cookies were tested independently by a lab , and get this , There was nothing in them !
I feel bad for this kid now .
This goes to show that we should n’t believe everything we see in the media at first glance .
Just another case of idiot cops , and a kid who was just doing his community service .
By the way .
The charges against him have been dropped .
Six committed same - sex couples have sued the state of Montana for failing to offer legal protections to same - sex couples and their families in violation of the Montana Constitution 's rights of privacy , dignity and the pursuit of life 's basic necessities and its guarantees of equal protection and due process .
The goal of this lawsuit is to see that same - sex couples are able to protect their families with the same kind of legal protections that the State offers to different - sex couples through marriage .
Because there is a constitutional amendment in Montana barring marriage for same - sex couples , this lawsuit is not seeking marriage .
The couples in the suit are seeking the protection of state - recognized domestic partnerships .
STATUS : The Montana Supreme Court has granted , in part , our appeal to secure domestic partnership protections .
Though the court denied the plaintiffs ’ initial appeal as too broad , the justices allowed the ACLU to move forward with more narrowly tailored efforts to secure equal treatment for same - sex couples in the state .
THIS IS the world 's first official image of Kawasaki 's 2011 ZX - 10 R racer .
The 220 bhp machine , which is undergoing a series of intensive testing at Suzuka circuit , will be the basis of the 2011 road bike due for release next year .
Visordown has learned the 2011 10 R will be an all - new machine belting out a reported 200 bhp in road trim .
And with an expected wet weight of less than 200kg , the 2011 ZX - 10 R is shaping up to be something really special .
We ran the 2011 Kawasaki ZX - 10 R concept skectch back in June and a very early 2011 Kawasaki ZX - 10 R concept sketch in January .
It 's about time Kawasaki clawed back some of the deficit in the 1000 cc market .
Let 's hope the new 2011 bike really delivers what Kawasaki are promising .
Looks a bit like the BMW S1000RR , which we all thought looked like a ZX - 6R and there 's more than a passing resemblance to the 2009 Kawasaki / Hayate MotoGP bike pictured below .
It seems like we 're going around in circles ...
Traumatic sexual incidents may cause serious mental health problems in the years after the events , research at the University of Ulster has shown .
Using a unique investigative method , researchers at the University 's Psychology Research Institute examined the mental health of women who had visited rape crisis centres -- and it showed that sexual trauma plays a role in the development of psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia .
The propensity for trauma victims to move away from the area in which the traumatic incident took place -- thus disrupting their social support networks -- may also expose them to further mental health risks .
Results of the analysis have recently been published in the journal Schizophrenia Bulletin .
The collaborative study saw the University of Ulster link up with the University of Southern Denmark to examine the data gathered from the Danish Civil Registration System ( CRS ) , which is a database of official information held on Danish citizens since 1968 .
Professor Mark Shevlin , from Ulster 's School of Psychology , said that using the CRS was a unique type of research never undertaken in this area before .
Professor Shevlin said : " Trauma research is fraught with methodological difficulties .
The use of the CRS has allowed us to conduct case - control prospective studies in a very efficient way .
Our most recent study identified an association between rape and subsequent diagnosis of a psychotic disorder over a 10 - year period .
This study would have been virtually impossible without the use of CRS data . "
Professor Shevlin has been working alongside Professor Ask Elklit at the University of Southern Denmark , and he said that the research has important implications on treatment and developing therapies for those with schizophrenia .
Professor Elklit said : " The CRS provides researchers with information on a large number of variables related to physical and psychological health , education , employment , income , and housing .
Collaborating with Ulster has provided us with the skills and expertise to link separate databases and conduct statistical analyses to help answer important psychological questions .
" For example , this has allowed us to identify social factors that increase the risk of rape or sexual victimization , and estimate the costs in terms of physical and psychological problems . "
Professors Elklit and Shevlin are planning to continue and extend their CRS research .
They have commenced a project that aims to model multiple traumatic childhood experiences and subsequent psychological and behavioural problems .
Jack Abramoff Rolling in a Different Kind of Dough
The disgraced D.C. super lobbyist has found a new line of work .
June 24 , 2010  --
Eight years ago , Jack Abramoff was a Washington super - lobbyist making millions in fees and wining and dining the powerful at the restaurant he owned , Signatures , on Pennsylvania Avenue .
Meals were prepared by executive chef Morou Ouattara and served to lawmakers seated in elegantly appointed private dining rooms .
Rare documents on the walls included a signed replica of Gerald Ford 's pardon of Richard Nixon , alongside portraits and autographs from Gen. George Patton , Rocky Marciano , Harry Houdini , Thomas Edison and Meyer Lansky .
This week , Abramoff returned to the restaurant business , but in far more austere circumstances .
ABC
News found him hunched over a computer screen in the back of Tov Pizza , along a drab commercial thoroughfare in suburban Baltimore .
Diners file in for knishes , calzones and hummus , and for what 's billed as " Baltimore 's Best Kosher Pizza . "
Abramoff makes between $ 7.50 and $ 10 an hour , mostly helping with marketing and managing the books , according to Ron Rosenbluth , who has owned the eatery for a quarter century .
Abramoff is serving the final six months of a trimmed - down , six - year prison term meted out after he pleaded guilty in 2006 to fraud , tax evasion and conspiracy .
After three and a half years at a minimum security federal prison in Western Maryland , he has moved to a halfway house in Baltimore .
The halfway house found him the pizza job , where he has been for less than a week .
Rosenbluth hopes he 'll get some good ideas from the man who was the brains behind one of the most elaborate lobbying scandals in Washington history – a scheme in which he overbilled and double crossed Indian gaming clients , then collected millions in fees .
" He 's going over the ins and outs of our business , " Rosenbluth told ABC News .
" He has had experience in the food business , " Rosenbluth said .
" He 's only been here for three days , so hopefully in this case he will understand it and fill me in on the things that I 'm missing as far as marketing because I can market okay , I 've been here for 26 years , I have a name , but it could always get better . "
Abramoff Enjoys the Pizza , Not the Attention
It 's unclear how much mopping or cooking Abramoff will do , though Rosenbluth says the most notorious of his employees has tried the pizza and liked it .
When ABC News visited , Abramoff was wearing a bright red shirt , yarmulke , and headphones .
He sat isolated in a side room with glass doors working on a laptop .
He was listening to his ipod with a stack of manila folders on the table as he typed .
CLICK HERE to follow the ABC News Investigative Team 's coverage on Twitter .
It was clear he did n't welcome the attention he 's been getting .
When he noticed the camera he gave a look of disappointment and quickly got up and left for a back room .
While this is one way for Abrmamoff to pay his debt to society , it wo n't earn him enough to pay all that he owes .
When he was sentenced , Abramoff was ordered to pay restitution to his former clients of at least $ 25 million , and another $ 1.7 million to the IRS for the taxes he skirted .
There probably is n't enough pizza in Baltimore for him to raise that kind of dough .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
" After having my children , I really struggled with my weight .
My self - confidence plummeted and I found myself depressed .
Carrying an extra 45 lbs sapped my energy and made me want to avoid social situations ... I saw results right away .
I lost 4 lbs in the first week and continued to lose every week thereafter , which was so encouraging .
I lost 45 lbs and went from a size 12 to a size 2 in less than four months ! " »
Stacy , success stories
" Since starting Medifast I have lost 111 pounds .
I feel great !
I went from a size 22 to a size 4 .
I feel fantastic , both physically and mentally .
Besides the normal back , joint and ankle pain that comes from being overweight so long , I was starting to develop other serious health problems as well .
The food that I was eating was providing me with no nutrition - it was all junk .
Since starting Medifast , my energy has increased .
I am healthier now than I have been in years ... " » Laura , success stories
" ... I also want to share that I had my measurements taken ( we do this every four weeks ) and I have lost another 7.5 inches !!!
SO , in my first 9 weeks on Medifast , I am down over 18 lbs and over 33 inches !!! "
» Lani M. , rockville.macaronikid.com
" I 'm down 50 lbs with MF ( Medifast ) !
It 's a great plan that works just like it 's written .
I do n't mess with recipes other than the lean and green .
The first week can be a little rough , but after that it 's just a matter of sticking with it ! " » Belinda , sparkpeople.com forum
" Thank you , Medifast , for giving me my life back .
It was the easiest thing I 've ever done and I was n't even hungry ... I saw immediate results and was ecstatic .
I lost 50 lbs more in the next 13 weeks .
My original goal was 150 lbs .
On the maintenance program I lost an additional 25 lbs for a total weight loss of 75 lbs .
My friends and family were amazed at my transformation !
At 49 years of age people tell me I look 15 years younger , and some of my friends did n't even recognize me at first ... " » Amanda , success stories
" My starting weight was 189 pounds .
Great , 70 pounds to my target , and my tiny Body Glove bikini that I bought when my husband was in medical school awaited me ...
Each week , I lost 2 - 4 pounds !
I found that it was a no - brainer to follow the diet .
I had more time to my day because I did n’t have to worry about eating ... " » Thuxoan , success stories
" Medifast does fit reasonably well , and it 's working .
I do know it is n't the best option , but it seems to be the right option for me at least at this point .
It has taught me to be much more careful to what I eat .
Even when I 've been out with friends , I 've been able to stick to the plan .
I 'm not hungry , and I 'm losing weight ... I 'm down 46 lb since I started .
I 'm just ~ 3 lb away from to top 10 " biggest losers " ... " » dotorg , arstechnica.com Medifast forum
" ... Weighing in at 169 pounds this morning , I am down 19.3 since starting Medifast on January 11 and down 39.3 pounds since officially starting my healthiness journey over a year ago .
I only have 19 pounds left to reach my goal .
I am stunned that I am almost there .
I am stunned by the way I look even right now though I 'm not yet to goal .
I am stunned that I fit into a size 10 ( I have been a 16 for as long as I can remember ) .
I get choked up thinking about the fact I am excited to go swimsuit shopping and that I am not the least bit worried about taking my son to swim lessons or wearing a swimsuit in front of other people .
I can't believe I will go to Disneyland with my family later this year and not think twice about being too big for a ride or wearing shorts .
I am stunned how much this is changing my life ...
THIS is the me I am meant to be : healthy , fit and happy . " » Joanne , mixedbagofrant.com
" As of today , I have lost 28 pounds in 8 weeks on the Medifast Diet program and have 57 more pounds to lose to reach my goal .
If I can do it , anyone can .
I 've tried every diet known to mankind for 30 years including the Atkins Diet .
None of them can compare to the Medifast Diet ... " » defragged , epinions.com Medifast review
" ... I have loss 151 lbs in 25 weeks .
I have met my summer goal of getting under 600 lbs i and now 596 lbs !!!!
Go me go me go me go me !!!!
LOL i am doing so well on this program , i have been able to get out the house more and live .
I rode with my queen to do some errands yesterday and it just feel so good to get out with no problem ... " » LaWonda , lala2010 - weightlossjourney -blogspot.com
" ... I 've lost 11 lbs ... I 've only got 9 lbs to go ... I feel like I 'm so close to my goal that I should n't give up just yet .
I 'm sharing this with you because I was hoping I would come to a conclusion after writing my feelings all down .
And I think I 've come to a conclusion .
I want to stick with the diet .
I want to lose this weight .
I 'm so determined !
So , I guess I 'll stick it out and hope our next shipment comes in before we run out .
And if we do run out before our next shipment gets here , it 's not the end of the world .
At this point , I trust Medifast more than I trust my mouth .
Come on body , let 's do this ! " » Britanny , brettandbrittanyard.blogspot.com
" Last year at this time ( end of June , actually ) I was 248.5 lbs .
This morning I weighed in at 170.0 lbs exactly .
I graduated high school ( 20 years ago ! ) at 210 lbs. ... " » Puck , puck 's blog
" I ’m now 43 lbs. lighter and wearing a size 6 !
Even better , I feel great about myself , and my blood tests say I am now very healthy .
I ’m learning to love compliments – especially when people have told me I look like I ’m 25 – that ’s like a 17 - year makeover ! ... " » Sheryl , success stories
" ... I 've given up Medifast for good in my head .
I 've gone back to Weight Watchers / calorie counting .
I 've convinced myself that one of the reasons I could n't stick to Medifast was I could n't deal with the cravings .
I know that I could try , stick with it ... blah blah blah .
I threw in the towel , I was sick of swimming upstream . " » Tracy , drawingmylineinthesand.blogspot.com
" I 've tried Jenny Craig , New Day , Atkins , Slim Fast , WW , you name it I 've tried it .
Nothing worked .
The ( Medifast ) plan worked for me , it was a God send !
Totally a good fit .
I averaged about 1 1/2 - 2 pounds per week , perfect for me .
So here I am maintaining at 160 ( from 215 ) and have maintained since Thanksgiving of 2006 !. "
» CinnamonGirl , 3fatchicks.com
Medifast forum
" After 6 months on the program , I have lost a total of 110 pounds .
I feel great !!
It ’s hard to put into words the feeling that you get from such a huge life change .
It 's a little overwhelming , but I 'm enjoying every moment .
I am now at my goal weight of 194 pounds .
I plan on keeping Medifast around the house to help me keep the weight off .
... " » Brent , success stories
" I was obese and very unhappy with the way I looked and felt .
I had severe osteoarthritis in my knees , and I would go straight to the couch or bed as soon as I came home from work ...
My friends are just stunned at my results on the Medifast 5 & 1 Plan .
And , thank goodness , my husband was entirely supportive .
It would have been so easy for him to say , ' No , we can't afford this , ' but instead he said , ' We ca n't afford for you to be unhealthy and unhappy . ' ... " » Linda , success stories
" At 247 lbs , I felt the real me was trapped in an overweight person 's body and I could n't get out .
Now , I 'm able to look in the mirror and smile ...
I started the Medifast 5 & 1 Plan on May 9 , 2009 , and lost 19 lbs in four weeks !
I went from 247 lbs to 147 lbs in nine months ; it seemed like the weight just fell off ... " » Jackie , success stories
" I would recommend MediFast for any body wanting to lose weight , safely and easily .
I have dropped 54lbs in 22 weeks .
Far easier and more effective WW .
Not hungry , boost in energy , more positive , health has improved , and the list goes on .
You owe it to yourself to check it out . "
» KatyBee , apexfitness.com forum
Important Coupon Limitations : Coupon Good ONLY With This Link
" THANK YOU MEDIFAST !
I cannot say it enough , thank you , thank you , thank you ! ...
On the Medifast program , you just eat when you 're told to , eat what you 're told to and exercise and drink water and start to move your body .
THEN your body starts to change ... when you lose the weight , you gain confidence ...
I just wanted to be healthy again and make better choices .
In four months , I have lost 63 pounds !
How thrilling .
Medifast has changed my life .
I will be forever grateful for that ... " » Shannon W. , success stories
" I weighed in this morning at 184.5 .
I lost 2 lbs this week for a total of 22 lbs in 6 weeks ...
This weight is new territory for me since I was able to get as low at 186.5 last year before gaining 20 back .
I did realize that although I may be on the slower end of losing ( Medifast says 2 - 5 lbs per week average ) that I am nearing the 170's .
Now ... THAT would be something for me to celebrate ... " » Jennifer , wecanlosethepounds.blogspot.com
" Well , I have finished with my time on the Medifast diet and I can say that I have been extremely pleased with the results .
I lost a total of 15 pounds and I am very happy with that ...
Medifast made good on their promises about the amount of weight that I would lose ... " » Justin , weknowdieting .com Medifast Journey
" I have lost 42 pounds so far !
This stuff works ! ...
Sorry did n't put that I lost in 7 - 8 weeks ...
I am happy so far !! " » stonefemme , cruisecritic.com
Medifast works
" I am so thankful for Medifast !!
I have lost over 40 pounds and been able to keep it off !
I feel so much better about my appearance .
It has given me back the self - confidence that I had lost .
... " » Shannon R. , success stories
" I went from a plus size 16 to a size 6 in 8 months .
It was worth every penny .
My belief is that this plan , while convenient and effective , was not the key to my weight loss -- my commitment to it was the key ...
There 's no question that Medifast got me to a total babe status , but it is equally clear that it 's up to me to keep myself that way .
" » lisas77 , epinions.com Medifast review
" I have lost 160 lbs since May '09 .
I agree that moderation and common sense are the true keys to success , but I needed help drop the pounds .
I was 365 , now 205 at 6'1 .
I used Medifast .
Not for everyone I 'm sure , but it worked for me .
I never went hungry and began to learn about portion control .
I now have a a much healthier diet post -Medifast .
Lots of vegetables , fruits , lean protein , etc .
I go to the gym 4 x per week , walk the other 3 .
Life is a whole lot easier when you are not obese . " » 160lbs , nytimes.com Medifast feedback
" I lost over 50 pounds in two and a half months - easily and healthily ...
Now I 've been sporting a size 3 to 5 for over a year now , thanks to the program ... " » Sonia , shakethefat.com
" Woohoo !
I have lost 22.9 pounds since starting Medifast !
Lost 1 1/ 4 inches from my waist .
I feel great !
Sleeping better ... moving better !
It is awesome !
Got some new bars - s'mores and caramel crunch - delicious .
Parmesan puffs are yum as well .
Watching my portions more carefully ... gonna break the 25 pound mark next week !
Onward and upward ! " » Shelley , shelley - iamlosingit.blogspot.com
" I started using Medifast on March 2 .
As of May 2 ( that 's two months later , for those of you as math - challenged as I am ) , I 'm down 25 + pounds .
Now .
If you 've been paying any kind of attention at all , you know that I have been very disciplined about adhering to the Medifast plan mostly .
But not entirely ... " » Kristy , shewalks.blogspot.com
" When I was 218 lbs , I ached all over .
I had difficulty breathing and was too bulky to do any of the activities that I wanted to enjoy , like mountain biking and yoga .
I dreaded going out in public and covered up my entire body with oversized clothing , even though my obesity was very obvious .
...
At 133 lbs , my heart rate is normal , I 'm not out of breath , my knees went from crunching and buckling when I walked to being pain - free , and I can touch my toes during yoga ! ... " » Jessica , success stories
" I am 30 years old , and ever since I had my son two years ago I maintained a weight of 180 pounds .
I tried using Weight Watchers , but I could n’t lose anything ... I reached my goal in only 15 weeks and lost 43.2 pounds .
I now weigh 135.4 pounds and feel incredible ! ... I just can not say enough good things about Medifast .
I know that when I placed my first order I did so with the skepticism of a person who has struggled with diets and weight loss for over 10 years .
But 15 weeks later I am thrilled to report that I am a more than satisfied customer and a Medifast success story ! " » Dana , success stories
" I 've tried the Zone , Atkins , Weight Watchers , and Jenny Craig .
The Zone and Atkins were great , but I did n't have the accountability to stick with them .
After a lot of research , I discovered the Medifast diet plan ...
Well , I did n't make my 191 ( from 217.6 lbs. ) goal , but got within 1.6 pounds .
I 'm excited to start month 3 ... " » Kristi , weightlosswithmedifast.blogspot.com
" The 5&1 took the stress out of dieting : no planning , shopping for or cooking several meals a day ... and no counting ! ...
While on the 5&1 plan I learned to eat smaller portions 6 times a day , and with the Medifast maintenance plan I am confident I will keep the weight off for good !
I lost 75 pounds with Medifast !
I once wore a size 20 , and now fit into a size 8 ! ! " » Maureen , success stories
" I 've been on Medifast for almost 9 months and I 've lost 110 pounds .
If you 're looking for something that WILL WORK and you are ready to commit to a plan ( that wo n't break the bank like Jenny Craig ) , go for MediFast .
Commit to the plan for 4 weeks , you WILL NOT be disappointed . " » tarar , epinions.com Medifast review
" My wife started researching weight - loss options .
When she discovered Medifast , she had a difficult time finding anything negative about the program .
I was inspired by other people 's success stories ...
On February 1 , 2010 , I reached my goal ?
I was down 114 lbs in just eight months !
I started the program weighing 304 pounds and now am a svelte 190 pounds .
My waist is 32 inches and my shirt size no longer has Xs ! " » Alan , success stories
" When I started Medifast , I weighed 310 pounds and wore a 24 - 26 W in dresses .
Now , I weigh 133 pounds and wear a size 6 - 8 .
I look outstanding ! ... I had tried other diets before and they were n't successful .
However , Medifast has been a miracle .
I have maintained my weight loss for two years now , and not only do I look great but I feel remarkable ! " » Adrene , success stories
" ... the food is n't really the best thing ever ... but I just keep in mind that nothing tastes as good as thin feels , so I just ... deal .
But after the first few days I have a ton of energy , and I just feel better about myself ... I went from 220 to 180 with medifast .
I really recommend it . " » Cambri , 3 fatchicks.com
Medifast forum
" I 've read some of the reviews about some of the foods and thought I was crazy ... but , they are right ... the food , MOST of it is not all that great ... " » trking , epinions.com Medifast review
" ... which put me up to 330 pounds ... I decided to do something about my weight .
I had seen an ad about Medifast and I decided to give it a try , boy I ’m glad I did .
In 9 months , I lost a total of 170 pounds .
My energy went way up and I was never hungry ... " » Nnedi , success stories
" Of all the programs , I have been on , this one is the best .
Weight loss results are seen right away , and I think that this is all important motivation to keep going .
Also , one 's energy is increased , as well as the absence of hunger .
It also offers a transition and also a maintenance program ...
No weighing food , no measuring , no guesswork .
Love Medifast ! " » Joanie719 , 3fatchicks.com
Medifast forum
" With Medifast , I had results the first week .
By the end of the first month , I had lost 9.5 pounds , which is the most I have ever lost on any plan .
I felt so great , was never hungry and was able to focus on my personal issues without the food always in the mix .
My meals were already decided for me , so I had more time and energy to work on my personal growth ... as a result of my success , some friends and co-workers have also started on the Medifast Program . " » Angela , success stories
" Week 3 of my Medifast Diet was n’t as super - awesome as I had hoped .
But to be honest , the problem is not with Medifast itself .
The fault lies squarely with me .
I have n’t been staying on program .
I ’m not cheating when it comes to meals , but am definitely having a problem with snacks .
Primarily popcorn .
Here are the numbers …
Starting Weight : 223 pounds Saturday , July 11 : 218 pounds Saturday , July 18 : 215 pounds Saturday , July 25 : 213 pounds – 2 pounds lost Total Weight Loss : 10 Pounds 2 pounds is not bad , but I ’ve got to get serious and fully re-commit to the Medifast process . " » C. , getskinnybehappy.com feedback on Medifast
" ... and have lost 88 pounds so far .
I 'm still averaging a loss of 2 lb. a week .
I am never hungry and feel fabulous !
My cholesterol is now normal WITHOUT medication , and I have gone from being borderline diabetic to having NORMAL blood glucose levels - without medications ... " » justpraisin , epinions.com Medifast review
Are you on or have you been on the Medifast Diet ?
Tell us about your experience .
email us : Customer.Care@DidWeLoseWeight.com
UPDATE : Let me confirm that Sam Raimi is set to direct Disney ’s extravagant ‘ Wizard of Oz’ 3D prequel .
I understand that talks to hire Raimi for Oz : The Great And Powerful turned into a deal last night finalized by CAA .
It ’s a coup for new studio bosses Rich Ross and Sean Bailey , who are rolling the dice big - time by hoping that this pic will be a global hit like the billion - dollar - grossing Alice In Wonderland .
“ Robert Downey Jr. is n’t set yet .
They are going to develop for him , if things go right .
The script will be rewritten , ” one of my sources says .
“ The movie will happen , though . ”
Downey would play the Wizard Of Oz before he became the Wizard Of Oz circa the 1939 iconic film : he ’s in fact a circus wrangler transported by tornado to the mysterious world of Oz where he gets mistaken for a know - it - all .
This will be Raimi ’s first firm project since he exited Spider - Man 4 , which prompted Sony Pictures to reboot the entire franchise earlier this year .
Now the only question is whether Sam Raimi can do what Tim Burton just did .
An earplug with a built - in computer that allows speech to pass but shuts out unwanted and hazardous noise will make life easier in noisy environments .
The basic technology in the QUIETPRO earplug was developed at SINTEF ICT .
The earplug comprises a miniature loudspeaker and both internal and external microphones .
The inner microphone measures the noise in the ear .
The earplug shuts out the noise but allows speech to pass , thanks to the electronics built into a microchip .
In quiet surroundings the sounds that we wish to hear are allowed past , but in a noisy environment , the system shuts out the noise , allowing only speech to pass .
The electronics are built into a tiny chip .
In combination with a radio , the system is a complete communications terminal for use in noisy environments .
Noisy surroundings
One of the main principles of the earplug is that sounds are not attenuated more that necessary , so that the user does not feel that he is acoustically shut off from his surroundings .
When it is quiet , QUIETPRO is completely " transparent , " with the result that the user can hold a normal conversation .
The system has been designed for continuous use , ensuring that hearing is always protected and that messages reach the user whether they arrive via direct acoustic channels , a public - address system or the radio .
The user 's voice is captured in the ear canal , virtually free of noise .
This is used for radio communication , so neither a hand - held microphone or microphone clip in front of the mouth , are required .
QUIETPRO also functions as a " hands - free " terminal for most types of radio unit .
Nacre
The Nacre technology company was set up in 1994 in order to commercialize the earplug .
The earplug was tested in the laboratory , in real - life noisy environments and in conjunction with military communications systems .
The Norwegian and Swedish armed forces provided financial support for the development of the system .
Noise from artillery , personal firearms and tanks has been included in the test programme , and the versions of QUIETPRO now available on the market have mainly been developed for military purposes .
Applications
In 2006 , Nacre won a contract to supply QUIETPRO communications terminals and hearing protectors to the US Marines .
The contract was worth more than NOK 200 million , and is regarded as the definitive commercial breakthrough for the company , which now in 2010 has 20 employees .
In 2007 , the French company Bacou - Dalloz ( now Sperian Protection ) bought Nacre for about NOK 750 million .
The sale is the biggest ever of a SINTEF spin - off .
Nacre continues to operate from Trondheim .
QUIETPRO functions equally well alongside a production line , in a machine room on board ship or in a military tank .
It can be used on offshore platforms , in police operations or by fire - fighters .
Statoil , Nacre and SINTEF have during the last four years had a close cooperation to develop a civilian version of QUIETPRO especially adapted for offshore use .
According to Statoil as a new user , the introduction of the earplug represents an entirely new paradigm in the quest to protect the employees from noise -- included hearing loss .
He went to see her at twilight on a Friday , finding his way through the labyrinth that is the parking lot of Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer .
She was waiting for him upstairs - a woman in despair , holding an infant close to death in her arms .
But Shlomi Eldar , the Gaza correspondent for Channel 10 News , did not hurry .
He delayed his entry into the depressing neon - lit corridors .
Already in the opening scene of his documentary , " Precious Life , " he admits he did not want to come - that it all happened by chance , because of circumstances over which he had no control .
" I came here without any desire , " he says , looking for a parking space in the large , empty lot .
" It 's not for me , but I had no choice . "
In Sheba 's pediatric hemato - oncology department was Mohammed Abu Mustafa , a four - and - a - half - month - old Palestinian infant .
Protruding from his tiny body were pipes attached to big machines .
His breathing was labored .
" His days may be numbered .
He is suffering from a genetic defect that is causing the failure of his immune system , " said the baby 's mother , Raida , from the Gaza Strip , when she emerged from the isolation room .
" I had two daughters in Gaza , " she continued , her black eyes shimmering .
" Both died because of immune deficiency .
In Gaza I was told all the time that there is no treatment for this and that he is doomed to die .
The problem now is how to pay for the [ bone marrow ] transplant .
There is no funding . "
Now , two years later in his home in Nes Tziona , near Rehovot , Eldar recalls the moments that led him to make a searing , full - length documentary film , which will premiere at the Jerusalem Film Festival on July 10 .
( The film is in Hebrew and Arabic with English subtitles . )
He remembers standing mutely opposite the woman .
" I came to the hospital to do a report on her for the news , " he relates .
" This was after Gaza was closed to me .
I had entered and left Gaza for more than two decades - it always excited me with its turbulence and wildness .
Then , one day they closed it , closed my place of work .
That really shook me .
I got up in the morning and had nowhere to go . "
With the frankness that is his hallmark , Eldar does not hide the fact that when he received the report about the Palestinian infant in need of a financial donation to save his life , he felt no urge to rush to the scene .
" Just a week earlier I did a report about a Palestinian woman who gave birth to twins in Barzilai Medical Center in Ashkelon just as a Grad missile struck the hospital , " he relates .
" I just did n't have the patience for it .
But I felt a need to do another piece - to prove to the news department that I was still working .
So I went to Sheba that day , even though I did n't really feel like it .
When I went upstairs , I looked out toward the horizon , in the direction of Gaza , and I remember myself saying to Gaza , ' So long , ' and wondering if I were now doomed to be a hospital reporter . "
Without him knowing it , from that moment everything began to change .
In short order Eldar was confronted with a saga involving a breathtaking race to save the life of an unfortunate infant .
Author Yoram Kaniuk , who saw the film two weeks ago at a screening for the Israeli Film and Television Academy , says he was enthralled by it .
" You do n't feel that the film was made about something , rather that it evolves in front of your eyes , " he says .
" You can't guess what the next step will be .
The events altered and created the reality that Shlomi describes with such power and beauty .
And sadness .
It was strange : I watched the film and felt it constituted a kind of lament for our situation - for this lovely baby that was going to die . "
Kaniuk says he felt he was watching " a tragedy with hope , " as he puts it .
" Above all , there was something very human in the film .
It 's tragic , even grotesque , but that is our life .
For example , the Israeli physician , Dr. Raz Somech , who treats the infant so empathetically and devotedly , is called up for reserve duty while the film is being shot and goes off to war in Gaza .
Every moment , large or small , is fraught with meaning .
Shlomi knows how to capture those moments .
There was one moment , when a relative from Gaza comes to the hospital and calls the grass she is walking on ' plants . '
She simply does not know what grass is . "
Kaniuk does not spare the compliments : " I can tell you that it 's one of the best documentaries I have seen .
It 's a very dramatic experience for the viewers .
After it was over , people just sat there , not moving , in a state of shock .
The movie got into their gut .
Mine , too .
And four minutes later they started to applaud . "
Eldar is embarrassed by such praise .
He would rather talk about the first days of shooting , when he still had no idea that he would spend the next eight months caught up in the story of a young mother fighting to save her dying son .
On the contrary :
He thought the baby would be buried alongside his sisters in the Khan Yunis cemetery .
" I got to her after all the attempts to find a donation for the transplant had failed , " he relates .
" I understood that I was the baby 's last hope , but I did n't give it much of a chance .
At the time , Qassam rockets falling on Sderot opened every newscast .
In that situation , I did n't believe that anyone would be willing to give a shekel for a Palestinian infant . "
He was wrong .
Hours after the news item about Mohammed was broadcast , the hospital switchboard was jammed with callers .
An Israeli Jew whose son died during his military service donated $ 55,000 , and for the first time the Abu Mustafa family began to feel hopeful .
Only then did Eldar grasp the full dramatic potential of the story .
He told his editor , Tali Ben Ovadia , that he wanted to continue accompanying the family .
" Even though she courageously broadcast the story about Mohammed 10 minutes into the broadcast , when it came to the idea of a movie she said , ' Forget that nonsense - who cares about a Palestinian baby ? '
I saw that time was passing and I was n't able to put together a crew .
In the end , knowing that the baby 's father was due to arrive at the hospital in another two days , I decided to shoot the movie alone . "
Eldar returned to the hospital armed with a Sony 400 Camcorder , but then , to his surprise , he ran into objections from the family .
" The father , Fawzi , had no trouble with it , " he says .
" He had once worked in Ra'anana and knew the Israeli mentality , the ' situation . '
For the mother , Raida , it was harder , and at first she did not want to be interviewed for the film .
Her stay at Sheba was her first encounter with Israelis , and it was n't easy for her .
For example , when she went through the Erez checkpoint , just a few days before we met , she thought she would be shot or raped and murdered .
Fawzi tried to persuade her and also had her mother call and try to win her over .
But she was insistent .
She was convinced it would be an Israeli propaganda film in which the Israelis would show how good they are , and that as soon as the camera left the medical assistance would end , too . "
What finally persuaded her ?
Eldar : " I do n't know what exactly did it , but in the end she spoke to me .
I think that both she and her husband felt that because the donation arrived in the wake of my report , I had a part in their son's new life .
They understood it long before I did .
So all the walls of suspicion were broken down between us .
They gave me the opportunity to get as close as possible to them .
In fact , before Fawzi left the hospital to return to Gaza , he said to me , ' Shlomi , watch over Raida .
I am entrusting her to you . '
It is extremely unusual for a Palestinian man to place his wife in the safekeeping of a Jewish man . "
Calm and crisis
Nevertheless , this idyllic situation developed into a deep crisis that led to the severance of the relations and what appeared to be the end of the filming .
From an innocent conversation about religious holidays , Raida Abu Mustafa launched into a painful monologue about the culture of the shahids - the martyrs - and admitted , during the complex transplant process , that she would like to see her son perpetrate a suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem .
" Jerusalem is ours , " she declared .
" We are all for Jerusalem , the whole nation , not just a million , all of us .
Do you understand what that means - all of us ? "
She also explained to Eldar exactly what she had in mind .
" For us , death is a natural thing .
We are not frightened of death .
From the smallest infant , even smaller than Mohammed , to the oldest person , we will all sacrifice ourselves for the sake of Jerusalem .
We feel we have the right to it .
You 're free to be angry , so be angry . "
And Eldar was angry .
" Then why are you fighting to save your son 's life , if you say that death is a usual thing for your people ? " he lashes out in one of the most dramatic moments in the film .
" It is a regular thing , " she smiles at him .
" Life is not precious .
Life is precious , but not for us .
For us , life is nothing , not worth a thing .
That is why we have so many suicide bombers .
They are not afraid of death .
None of us , not even the children , are afraid of death .
It is natural for us .
After Mohammed gets well , I will certainly want him to be a shahid .
If it 's for Jerusalem , then there 's no problem .
For you it is hard , I know ; with us , there are cries of rejoicing and happiness when someone falls as a shahid .
For us a shahid is a tremendous thing . "
That was enough to drain Eldar 's motivation and dissolve all the compassion he had felt for Raida and Mohammed .
" It was an absolutely terrible rift , " he recalls .
" After I saw how intensely she fought for her son 's life , I could not accept what she said .
I had seen her standing for hours , caressing him , warming him up , kissing him .
At the time I also had an infant of Mohammed 's age at home .
I could n't understand where it came from in her .
I was devastated .
It was all so paradoxical , too , because just as she was talking about the shahids , two Jewish women entered the room and brought her toys and a stroller as presents . "
Raida 's confession was totally at odds with Eldar 's perception of her until then : " The whole time I accompanied her , I saw a caring mother who was at her baby 's bedside night and day .
She did n't eat , she lost weight and she cried .
I myself saw to it that she ate .
I saw her faint when she was informed there was a small chance her son would get well .
I saw her when she was told there was no longer a chance , and she stood there and caressed Mohammed , with tears , as though parting from him .
" So I was unable to explain how on the one hand , she fought for her child 's life , but at the same time told me that his life is not precious .
I never believed I would hear that from her .
That 's why I decided to stop shooting .
I had come to tell a lovely story , not a story about a mother who destines her son to be a shahid . "
What did you feel when she said that to you ?
" That I had been betrayed , that it was a knife in the back .
I did n't want to see Raida any more .
It also drove me to greater despair .
I asked myself , ' Well , is that the conclusion that comes from this story ? '
But in the end I started filming again .
Why ?
I do n't have a good answer ; I think it was from curiosity .
I wanted to solve the mystery for myself .
Something inside me said that it was inconceivable .
Something that explains what she said comes later in the film .
I do n't want to give too much away .
I will say only that the struggle for Mohammed 's life takes place parallel to the war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza , and thrusts Raida between a rock and a hard place , confronts her with cruel dilemmas . "
But you did n't have it easy , either .
While making the film you continued to cover the war in Gaza , though in contrast to your colleagues you insisted on showing the human dimension of the catastrophe there .
People did not always like to hear your angle , did they ?
" Definitely not .
I thought , and I still think , that Israel used exaggerated , very excessive firepower .
I did not feel comfortable with the fact that a large number of the Palestinian dead were civilians , and I thought it was right to emphasize that .
Afterward , I got abusive phone calls ; people sent faxes and complaints to the station .
Fine .
I was more bothered by the Israeli paradox that on the one hand we 're treating infants like Mohammed in our hospitals , while on the other the Israeli army fires a shell into Beit Lahia which kills a mother and her four daughters . "
That paradox is integral to the film and casts a pall over it , while creating a sense of responsibility for the suffering of Mohammed and his parents .
The film is able to create empathy even for the situation of the civilians in Gaza during the war .
Was that your goal ?
" I was very grieved by the insensitivity we were seeing .
It 's clear to me that the war in Gaza was justified - no country can allow itself to be fired at with Qassam rockets - but I did not see many people pained by the loss of life on the Palestinian side .
Because we were so angry at Hamas , all the Israeli public wanted was to fuck Gaza .
It 's not by chance that I use that crass word .
I use it because it was often heard on the street and it was a military slogan .
I remember the wife of my barber telling me , ' Let them kill all the Palestinians , let them burn . '
" It was n't until after the incident of Dr. Abu al - Aish - the Gaza physician I spoke with on live TV immediately after a shell struck his house and caused the death of his daughters , and he was shouting with grief and fear - that I discovered the silent majority that has compassion for people , including Palestinians .
I found that many Israeli viewers shared my feelings .
That was not the intention with which I set out , but the film creates a kind of encounter .
Even though the woman speaks Arabic and sometimes covers her face , even though the ' stars ' are a Palestinian couple - Israeli viewers are able to see themselves through them .
When Raida cries for her baby , the audience cries with her , and when she laughs , they laugh with her . "
' I had dynamite '
Shlomi Eldar , 53 , is married for the second time and has five children .
He started his media career on Reshet Gimmel , the radio station that plays Israeli music only .
" I got there after my life 's dream of doing my military service with Army Radio ended in a fiasco when I failed the entrance tests , " he says .
" As a youngster , I was a walking encyclopedia of subjects related to music .
I was a different type of kid in the Neve Yisrael neighborhood , a lower - class section of Herzliya .
Music was my life from early on .
I remember the day when my brother brought home a record player and we listened to the Beatles ' ' Sergeant Pepper's . '
But when I finally got to Reshet Gimmel and supposedly fulfilled my dream , I discovered that all I did was play records , which was n't really what I wanted to do . "
He wrote to Elimelech Ram , then director of Israel Television 's news department , requesting an interview .
When he did not get a reply , he joined a managerial training course given by Bank Hapoalim .
" After I saw that it was n't for me , I left [ the bank ] , " he explains .
" I was out of work for a year , and then , out of the blue , I was invited to a television presenters ' course [ at Israel Television ] .
I remember that , at the time , my father was on his deathbed .
When my mother visited him in the hospital he told her , ' Another week or two and I will no longer be among the living .
But do n't worry , I have left you a savings account .
I have taken care of everything , but there is one thing that worries me : Shlomi . '
He was worried because I was n't working .
I was already in the process of being hired by Israel TV , but he did n't know it yet .
My mother told him , ' Never mind , it 's all right , he has been invited for an interview for television .
He replied with a comment I will never forget : ' Television is n't work . ' "
Telling the story , Eldar still gets choked up .
At the end of the course , in which two future famous television personalities - Gadi Sukenik and Nitzan Chen - also took part , Eldar was appointed education correspondent .
But his job was short - lived .
" I started to work on the day the Gulf War broke out , " he relates .
" At the time there was no Channel 2 , so Channel 1 had a 100 - percent viewer rating .
Within four days , everyone knew who Shlomi Eldar was .
Two weeks after I started to work I had a scoop .
There was a debate over whether to keep the schools open during the war .
Zevulun Hammer , the education minister and the person in charge of the Broadcasting Authority , stated that defense minister Moshe Arens had not allowed him to open the schools .
I received information to the effect that Arens had actually told Hammer that he fully supported keeping the education system going .
I broadcast the item and [ the anchor ] Daniel Pe'er humiliated Hammer on live TV .
That infuriated Yosef Barel , then director of Israel TV .
He told me I had made a mockery of a cabinet minister and he wanted to fire me . "
With the aid of Ram and Rafiq Halabi , editor of the " Mabat " news program , Eldar kept his job with Israel TV , but was exiled from Jerusalem to become the station 's correspondent in the south .
As part of his new assignment , he became familiar with the Gaza Strip .
His introduction to it was gradual , but very significant for him .
" Until the Oslo Accords , reporters who went in with the army , on curfew days , filmed the Palestinians .
The streets were empty , they drove past in patrol jeeps and the Palestinians watched from their windows .
That 's what television viewers saw .
I did not enter Gaza in a jeep .
At first maybe I did - I went with the Israel Defense Forces spokesman - but I quickly understood that I was doing a disservice to my profession as a journalist .
It was clear that if I came with the army , with a military force , the attitude toward me would be different and I would not be able to forge relations of trust with the population . "
One of the most significant reports Eldar produced at the time was in July 1992 , about Palestinian children who were hurt during the intifada .
" Back then no one believed that there could be such a thing as the IDF hurting children , " he says sarcastically .
" But I filmed disabled children , wounded children in hospitals , children who had been beaten , children who talked like old people about life and death .
I remember meeting two girls there from affluent homes who changed my approach to the Palestinian situation .
They told me how their home had been demolished during an operation to capture wanted men .
I came back with powerful material and put together a report that for the first time showed children who had been wounded by Israeli fire .
When I recorded the narration , my voice cracked from emotion .
I realized I had dynamite .
That was the report that really got me into Gaza . "
Subsequently , Eldar was appointed editor of " Mabat " and of the Friday night weekly newsmagazine .
" After a report I did about the distress of the Palestinians at the Erez checkpoint , Barel suspended me from covering Gaza and the Palestinians , " Eldar says .
" He called me and said , ' You let me down , friend . '
But because he trusted me as an editor he appointed me the editor of the newsmagazine .
A year and a half later , in 2003 , I was asked by Channel 10 news chief Shilo De-Beer to join the station , which was then starting to broadcast .
He wanted to make me the Gaza correspondent .
I actually thought that Gaza was small - time stuff , because until then it was not covered in its own right .
I told him that I accepted , but suggested I also be responsible for coverage of social - affairs issues for Channel 10 News .
My idea was to devote two days a week to Gaza and the rest to social - welfare stories .
But once I entered Gaza , during the second intifada , I never got around to doing the other stories . "
Great privilege
In 2007 , Eldar was awarded the Sokolow Prize for his Gaza news and investigative reporting .
But the prestigious journalistic award leaves him largely indifferent .
It definitely made him think his efforts had not been in vain , " but despite that , I was not all that thrilled by it , " he says .
" To come up with a good story excites me a lot more .
' Precious Life ' moves me .
I feel that the film is the peak of my career .
The pinnacle .
It took me to a place I did not think I would get to .
Today it 's a bit amusing , because no one showed an interest in it .
Most of the time I shot it myself .
Fortunately , everything changed on the day I met Ehud Bleiberg on the lawn of the home of Moshe Edri , one of the owners of Cinema City [ the cineplex outside Tel Aviv ] . "
Eldar had not previously met Bleiberg , an Israeli - born film producer who lives in Los Angeles .
Recent films he has produced include " Adam Resurrected , " based on a novel by Yoram Kaniuk , and " The Band 's Visit . "
" He grabbed me there for a talk .
He wanted to hear my impressions of Gaza , " Eldar recalls .
" I also told him about the film I was making and he asked to see some of it .
After watching for about 10 minutes , he said , ' You know , I have never done a documentary , but I am going to do this film .
I will produce it . '
He also set a condition :
He said I had to understand my role in the movie , that I could not be a director looking on from the side , that I had to be part of the story .
That made things very difficult for me . "
How so ?
Because he asked you to change the way you perceive your role as a journalist ?
" Exactly .
That is one of the significant processes I undergo in making the film .
Very slowly I start to understand something I had always refused to accept .
For years I had been looking at things from the side - in my reporting , too , you will not see even the tip of my nose .
But while shooting ' Precious Life , ' I started to understand that a great privilege had befallen me - namely that I had a part in Mohammed 's life .
It drove me wild when I grasped it .
The whole time I had looked for satisfaction in my work , which I lost when Gaza was closed .
And suddenly , in a hospital in metropolitan Tel Aviv of all places , everything was dwarfed in the face of an infant , when I became one link in the chain that was fighting to save his life . "
So being " our correspondent for Palestinian affairs in hospitals " is not such a terrible fate after all ?
" People come out of the film and talk about how they have been shaken up .
They tell me that for days after seeing it that they could n't get it out of their minds .
That is very moving .
But besides the personal aspect of this , I also discovered a type of new hope , something deeper in regard to the conflict .
When the peace agreement between the Israelis and the Palestinians was signed between Rabin and Arafat , I believed that its origins , in fact , lay in Israeli prisons .
The encounter between Israelis and Palestinians in the prisons started with enmity and suspicion , and then something happened .
Something softened , and wardens and inmates became friends .
" That is exactly the process I see now in the hospitals .
Raida was also very suspicious when she first arrived here .
But she discovered human beings , Israeli nurses who kiss her son .
She let them sing him Hebrew lullabies .
Filming her , I understood that the next peace process is taking shape in our hospitals . "
Warm emotions
The theme song and soundtrack of Precious Life were composed by the singer Yehuda Poliker , who has overlaid Eldars images with warm emotion .
I really wanted him to write the music for the film , but didnt dare ask him because I have admired him all my life , Eldar says .
Even though his [ 2001 ] CD
What is My Loves Name accompanied me throughout the making of the film , I just couldnt do it .
Finally , though , he worked up the courage and contacted the singer .
I told him about the film .
He understood my intention right away , and said , I dont have time to write you music for the film .
Im sorry , but Im putting out a new CD and I am busy with the mix , working from morning to night .
Nevertheless , I sent him a copy of the film the next morning .
He called back that evening and said , Shlomi , you blew my mind .
This film totally shook me up .
Ill write the music even if I have to work on Saturday , at night and on weekends .
Asked how they worked together , Shlomi explains : Generally the director has to sit with the musician and explain what he wants , and where .
Here there was no such process .
Poliker sat alone and wrote the music for each scene as he watched the film .
Ten days after he received the film he invited me over .
He played the music for me and I was astounded .
He composed a soundtrack for the whole film ; he simply handed me a CD to integrate into it .
I consider him a central collaborator in the work .
His music is captivating , it is heartfelt , filled with passion and style like Poliker himself .
You can feel how the music caresses Raida in her difficult moments and tries to comfort her .
At the end of the first screening we had , Poliker was moved to tears .
New Delhi , India ( CNN ) -- India has unveiled a $ 35 computer prototype as part of its program to provide connectivity to its students and teachers at affordable prices .
Kapil Sibal , the country 's human resources development minister , displayed what he called a low - cost computing and access device in New Delhi on Thursday .
The ministry said the price would gradually fall to $ 10 apiece .
India said connectivity to all its colleges and universities is key to achieving its education goals .
Home to a billion - plus population , the country 's literacy rate stands at 65 percent , according to the 2001 census figures .
Nevertheless , the South Asian nation has made giant strides in various areas since it opened up its economy in the early 1990s .
The country ushered in a telecom revolution that delivered mobile telephony to nearly 600 million people in just a little more than a decade with highly competitive call tariffs .
Now , India is preparing for another leap into the digital world .
Recently , it auctioned off its airwaves for third - generation services to enable super - fast multimedia streaming of wireless .
The move is aimed at bringing India 's online market on a par with its booming cell - phone business through Internet penetration with technology allowing quick access , data transfer and entertainment on mobile handsets .
The country has announced plans to link up all its 250,000 village councils by 2012 in a bid to plug massive broadband divides between rural and urban communities as it emerges as one of the world 's few growth markets .
Authorities say technical institutions involved in designing the new device are now setting up research to address price and quality issues in developing budget gadgets for students .
" The aim is to reach such devices to the students of colleges and universities , and to provide these institutions a host of choices of low - cost access devices around Rs 1,500 [ $ 35 ] or less in near future , " the human resources ministry said at the launch of the computer .
Ministry spokeswoman Mamata Varma said the government aimed to introduce the new touch - screen computing tool at higher educational institutions in 2011 .
The ministry , she said , is expected to tender out contracts to private companies for mass production of its prototype .
The Linux - based computer is equipped with an Internet browser , a PDF reader and several other facilities , she said .
Confronted with the accusation that Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri had been kidnapped by US and Saudi intelligence agencies while on a trip to Mecca , and brought to the US for interrogation , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley averred : “ We are not in the habit of going around kidnapping people . ”
To which the only proper response is :
Oh , really ?
Given the numerous instances of “ extraordinary rendition ” in which our government has been engaged , and no doubt continues to be engaged , one wonders how Senor Crowley can say that with a straight face .
But then again , being an official spokesman for the US Department of State no doubt requires some sort of facial surgery – or , perhaps , an industrial - strength shot of Botox – to achieve the desired results .
Now that Shahram has shown up at the Iranian interests section of the Pakistani Embassy in Washington , D.C. , claiming to have been abducted by the US and Saudi intelligence services , and tortured , Crowley may want to review his knowledge of US habits .
In March , ABC News released an “ exclusive ” report hailing Shahram ’s “ defection ” as a great US “ intelligence coup , ” the missing link in the puzzle piecing together a picture of Iran ’s alleged nuclear weapons program .
Shahram is said to have worked for the Iranian Revolutionary Guards , and news of his “ defection ” appeared alongside reports of an Iranian “ secret ” nuclear facility on the outskirts of the city of Qom .
As it was , the Iranians themselves revealed the existence of the Qom facility and opened it up to inspection by the IAEA , but the matter of Shahram ’s disappearance appeared to throw a shadow over their efforts at openness — which was , of course , the whole point .
Our spooks had a narrative ready made .
We were to be told that the defector had brought with him a laptop which contained all the secrets of Iran ’s nukes , and this was to be touted as yet more evidence – as if this administration needed any – Iran was harboring nuclear ambitions in defiance of the “ international community . ”
“ According to the people briefed on the intelligence operation , ” ABC “ reported , ” “ Amiri ’s disappearance was part of a long - planned CIA operation to get him to defect .
The CIA reportedly approached the scientist in Iran through an intermediary who made an offer of resettlement on behalf of the United States . ”
That , at least , was the official story , dutifully relayed to the world by ABC “ News ” : Shahram , however , upended their neat little narrative , months later , with a YouTube video – that indispensable weapon of counter - propaganda – in which he told us :
“ I was kidnapped last year ( 2009 ) in the holy city of Medina on 3 June in a joint operation by the terror and abduction units of the American CIA and Saudi Arabia ’s Istikhbarat [ intelligence agency ] .
They took me to a house located somewhere that I did n’t know .
They gave me an anesthetic injection .
When I became conscious I was in a big [ voice interrupted ] towards America .
“ During the eight months that I was kept in America , I was subject to the most severe tortures and psychological pressures by the American intelligence investigation groups .
“ And the main aim behind these investigation teams and the pressure imposed on me was to make me take part in an interview conducted by an American media source and claim that I was an important figure in Iran ’s nuclear program and I had sought asylum in America at my own will .
And ( to say ) while seeking asylum I took some very important documents and a laptop with classified information on Iran ’s military nuclear program in it to America from my country . ”
This was followed , hours later , by yet another video , in which someone claiming to be Shahram – and looking , admittedly , just like him – said he wanted to clear up “ rumors , ” denied having any political views or that he had betrayed his country , and stated : “ I am in America and intend to continue my education here .
I am free here and I assure everyone that I am safe . ”
Gee , it ’s a good thing the CIA has their own YouTube channel : now there ’s a solid investment of the US taxpayers ’ money .
But Shahram was n’t done with them quite yet .
On June 29 , a third video cropped up , which was played by Iranian television , in which the real Shahram cleared up the mystery :
“ I , Shahram Amiri , am a national of the Islamic Republic of Iran and a few minutes ago I succeeded in escaping US security agents in Virginia .
Presently , I am producing this video in a safe place .
I could be re-arrested at any time . ”
After appealing to Western human rights organizations to intervene on his behalf – fat chance !
– he continued :
“ The second video which was published on YouTube by the US government , where I have said that I am free and want to continue my education here , is not true and is a complete fabrication .
If something happens and I do not return home alive , the US government will be responsible . ”
All this time Washington had refused to acknowledge Shahram ’s presence in the US , but when he showed up at the Pakistani embassy an official who refused to be named told the media :
“ He came to this country freely , he lived here freely , and he has chosen freely to return to Iran . ”
Such evidence as we have indicates only the last of those three assertions bears any resemblance to the facts .
Aside from Shahram ’s testimony , and his presence at the embassy , the high quality of the second video , and the relatively poor quality of the first and third , is suggestive of an effort by US intelligence to cover up a badly botched job .
What ’s interesting about this story is n’t only the scandal of a kidnapping carried out by our spooks – after all , we should be inured to that by now – but the role the US media was slated to play if Shahram had gone along for the ride .
I wonder which “ American media source ” was tasked with interviewing him .
Could it be ABC “ News , ” the outlet given the “ exclusive ” story of his alleged “ defection ” just before the Qom story broke ?
Just guessing there , but amid all the controversy over media folk partying with administration movers - and - shakers , this kind of beach party ought to make us stop and think about the degree to which the media is functioning as an arm of government .
Not that this is anything all that new .
Back in the day , you ’ll recall , it was a Washington Post reporter , Dillard Stokes , who , in league with the FBI and the Roosevelt administration , wrote a letter under an assumed name to the defendants in the Great Sedition Trial of 1940 , seeking antiwar literature which he proposed to distribute to US soldiers : this was later used as evidence by the prosecution .
During the cold war era , the media was utilized by the FBI ” s “ red squad ” to plant stories and spread disinformation , and there ’s no reason to believe this symbiosis has ended with the coming of the Obama -ites to Washington : quite the opposite , I ’m sure .
We are also all too familiar with “ cooked ” intelligence , the smell of it having permeated Washington ( and the front page of the New York Times – thanks , Judy ! ) in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq .
The signal achievement of the Obama administration may have been to combine these elements of deception , and add to them the crime of kidnapping .
Let no one berate us libertarians for describing the US government as a criminal enterprise : it is n’t disloyalty to the country , or even a penchant for overstatement , that drives us to such rhetorical excesses .
It ’s the story of what happened to Shahram Amiri : it ’s the lies , the thuggery and hubris of a ruling elite that believes it can get away with anything .
Such is their contempt for the American people – and the peoples of the world – that they think we ’ll swallow any tall tale , no matter how crudely fabricated , because we ’re just not as smart as their cunning selves .
However , it looks like they ’re not cunning enough by half , having blown the Shahram operation and exposed their embarrassingly inept tradecraft .
They can try to patch up this gaping hole in US credibility by claiming Shahram left only to protect his family from retaliation , but there are certain problems with this .
Since the family was n’t harmed in the year Shahram spent in captivity in the US , one can reasonably infer they were never in any danger .
Indeed , if they were in danger , and the US let him return home because of it , then would n’t revealing this alleged “ threat ” plant suspicion in the minds of Iranian officials that perhaps he had turned over valuable intelligence to the Americans – and place Shahram and his family in mortal danger ?
In any case , I did warn you far in advance that we ’d soon be treated to a veritable cornucopia of “ news ” stories detailing the nefarious plans of Iranian ayatollahs to nuke Israel , and Brooklyn , too .
The Obama -ites are under increasing pressure from the Israel lobby to abandon the CIA ’s assessment that Iran ended a nascent nuclear weapons program in 2003 : Shahram ’s “ defection ” was supposed to have facilitated this development .
Instead , the whole scheme backfired , and , rather than making the case for war with Iran , the Shahram affair has confirmed what some of us knew already : that the US government is a criminal enterprise with no morals , no credibility .
This post will attempt to follow all the Devils signings today .
Continue to check back regularly for updates throughout the day !
Devils Re-Sign Rod Pelley
The Devils re-signed UFA center Rod Pelley .
Contract details will follow .
Pelley played 63 games last season , tallying two goals and eight assists while playing on the fourth line .
The team has expected him to fill the role of the departed John Madden , but Pelley has never seemed to work himself into that role .
Paul Martin Signs With Pittsburgh
The Devils will lose one of their two big - name unrestricted free agents today , as Paul Martin reportedly signed with the Pittsburgh Penguins .
The defender missed most of last season with a broken forearm , sustained in a game against those Penguins .
Martin signed a 5 - year / $ 25 million dollar deal .
Devils Sign Henrik Tallinder
The Devils attempted to make up for the loss of Martin by signing Henrik Tallinder to a four year , $ 13.5 million deal .
Tallinder will make $ 3.375 million per season .
The 31 - year old Swede had four goals and 16 assists in 82 games in 2009 - 2010 .
He also averaged 20:36 of ice time , which will help to offset the loss of Martin ’s 22 minutes on the ice .
I ’ll have more reaction on this deal later , packaged with my reaction on the biggest signing of the day …
Devils Ink Volchenkov
The Devils agreed to terms with unrestricted free agent defenseman Anton Volchenkov today , signing the former Ottawa Senator to a six - year , $ 25.5 million dollar contract .
Volchenkov , who averaged 20:41 of ice time last season , is a shot - blocking machine .
The big defenseman ranked eighth last season with 172 blocked shots .
He also brings a physical aspect , collecting 152 hits last season .
Volchenkov will make $ 4.25 million a year , and reportedly has a no - trade clause in the contract .
Devils Add Hedberg
The Devils filled their backup goalie hole today , inking Johan Hedberg to a one - year , $ 1.5 million dollar contract .
The former Atlanta Thrasher posted a record of 21 - 16 - 6 with a 2.62 goals - against average , .915 save percentage and three shutouts .
Hedberg ’s deal includes bonuses and a no trade clause .
Why a backup needs a no - trade clause I do n’t know , but he has one in the deal .
The move ends any thought of Yann Danis coming back to the Devils next year .
This week , the internet all but guaranteed a gritty Wonder Woman reboot by giving a shit about her new costume .
Below , the latest winner of our on - going infographic contest shows us the annotated diagram of Ms. Woman 's new look ...
Other infographics you might enjoy :
The Real Reason She 's Making You Go See ' Eclipse '
What Your Awful Font Choices Say About You
The Sadness of Toy Story Measured in Tears
The Question That Defined The 2010 World Cup
Enjoy making stuff like this ?
Post it here and we 'll pay you $ 50 if we like it .
For decades , X - ray astronomers have studied the complex behavior of binary systems pairing a normal star with a black hole .
In these systems , gas from the normal star streams toward the black hole and forms a disk around it .
Friction within the disk heats the gas to millions of degrees -- hot enough to produce X - rays .
At the disk 's inner edge , near the black hole , strong magnetic fields eject some of the gas into dual , oppositely directed jets that blast outward at about half the speed of light .
That 's the big picture , but the details have been elusive .
For example , do most of the X - rays arise from the jets ?
The disk ?
Or from a high - energy region on the threshold of the black hole ?
Now , astronomers using NASA 's Rossi X-ray Timing Explorer ( RXTE ) satellite , together with optical , infrared and radio data , find that , at times , most of the X - rays come from the jets .
" Theoretical models have suggested this possibility for several years , but this is the first time we 've confirmed it through multiwavelength analysis , " said David Russell , lead author of the study and a post - doctoral researcher at the University of Amsterdam .
Russell and his colleagues looked at a well - studied outburst of the black - hole binary XTE J1550 - 564 .
The system lies 17,000 light - years away in the southern constellation of Norma and contains a black hole with about 10 times the sun 's mass .
The usually inconspicuous binary was discovered by RXTE in 1998 , when the system briefly became one of the brightest X - ray sources in the sky .
Between April and July 2000 , the system underwent another outburst .
RXTE monitored the event in X -rays , with some additional help from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory .
Optical and infrared observations covering the outburst came from the YALO 1 - meter telescope at Cerro Tololo Inter - American Observatory in Chile , while radio observations were collected by the Australia Telescope Compact Array .
advertisement
Drawing on these data , Russell and his team reconstructed a detailed picture of X - ray emission during the outburst .
The study appears in the July 1 edition of Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
" We suspect that these outbursts are tied to increases in the amount of mass falling onto the black hole , " explained Russell .
" Where and how the emission occurs are the only clues we have to what 's going on . "
As the outburst began in mid-April 2000 , the system 's brightest X - ray emission was dominated by higher - energy ( " hard " ) X - rays from a region very close to the black hole .
" We think the source of these X - rays is a region of very energetic electrons that form a corona around the innermost part of the disk , " Russell said .
When these electrons run into photons of visible light , the collision boosts the photons to hard X - ray energies , a process known as inverse Compton scattering .
The jets were present , but only minor players .
Over the next couple of weeks , the peak X - ray emission moved to lower ( " softer " ) energies and seems to have come from the dense gas in the accretion disk .
At the same time , the hot disk quenched whatever process powers the jets and shut them down .
advertisement
By late May 2000 , XTE J1550 - 564's accretion disk was cool enough that the jets switched on again .
Most of the X - rays , which were fainter but higher in energy , again came from scattering off of energetic electrons close to the black hole .
In early June , as the system faded and its peak emission gradually softened , the jets emerged as the main X - ray source .
In the jet , electrons and positrons moving at a substantial fraction of light speed emit the radiation as they encounter magnetic fields , a process called synchrotron emission .
The jets require a continuous supply of particles with energies of a trillion electron volts -- billions of times the energy of visible light .
" The total energy bound up in the jet is enormous , much larger than previously thought , " Russell said .
As summer wore on , the jets gradually faded and their X - ray emission softened .
By September , the system 's brightest X - rays came from high - speed blobs of matter that the jets had hurled into space during previous eruptions .
" We 're really beginning to get a handle on the ' ecology ' of these extreme systems , thanks in large part to RXTE , " Russell added .
" We can apply what we 've learned in nearby binaries like XTE J1550 to the supersized black holes and jets found at the centers of galaxies . "
Launched in 1995 , RXTE is still going strong .
" Of currently operating NASA missions , only Hubble has been working longer , " said Tod Strohmayer , the mission 's project scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. RXTE 's unique capabilities provide insight into accreting black holes and neutron stars and allow it to detect short , faint outbursts that are easily missed by other current missions exploring the X - ray regime .
This morning 's Independent reports on growing anger among Conservative MPs over the coalition 's costly pledge to ring - fence spending on the NHS .
We can expect opposition to intensify as the autumn spending review ( due on 20 October ) draws closer .
A Tory backbencher is quoted as saying : " MPs are getting a reaction in their constituencies about the cuts to the school - building programme .
They are wondering why the NHS should be protected when the future of our children is apparently not . "
It 's a good point .
The Tories ' promise to protect the NHS ( and International Development ) from cuts has everything to do with politics and nothing to do with economics .
The decision not to touch the £ 110bn NHS budget ( the development budget is a far smaller £ 6.2 bn ) is part of the reason why other departments of key importance ( Transport , Housing , Local Government ) are now facing savage cuts of up to 33 per cent .
There is a good argument for treating the NHS with care : factors such as an ageing population , drug prices and technology make inflation in the health service roughly 3 per cent higher than in the rest of the economy .
But , as in the case of education , this should make the NHS a candidate for limited cuts ( about 5 - 10 per cent ) , not for no cuts at all .
To his credit , Andy Burnham , the former health secretary and Labour leadership candidate , has argued as much : " The effect is that he [ George Osborne ] is damaging , in a serious way , the ability of other public services to cope : he will visit real damage on other services that are intimately linked to the NHS . "
So far , Labour has failed to land any hefty blows on the coalition over spending cuts .
The party 's message ( when one is discernible ) is always hindered by the question : what would you cut ?
Coming out against ring - fencing could help the party to answer this question .
It could be Labour 's Nixon - in - China moment : only the party of the NHS can be trusted to cut with care .
It is time to expose the Tories ' pledge for the political positioning that it is .
Special subscription offer : Get 12 issues for £ 12 plus a free copy of Andy Beckett 's " When the Lights Went Out " .
Why do women make sexy sounds during intercourse ?
According to a recently - published study , it 's to manipulate men .
How the heck do you study something like that scientifically ?
Allow me to explain .
Advertisement
Over at the superlative NCBI ROFL blog , we spotted this gem of a paper from Archives of Sexual Behavior , called Evidence to Suggest that Copulatory Vocalizations in Women Are Not a Reflexive Consequence of Orgasm .
To translate , if you 'll excuse my slang : Noises That Women Make While Fucking Are Not Uncontrollable Screams In Response To Having Orgasms .
OK , fine .
So again , how is this a scientific study ?
Let 's read the abstract for this paper , published last month :
The current studies were conducted in order to investigate the phenomenon of copulatory vocalizations and their relationship to orgasm in women .
Data were collected from 71 sexually active heterosexual women ( M age = 21.68 years +/- .52 ) recruited from the local community through opportunity sampling .
The studies revealed that orgasm was most frequently reported by women following self - manipulation of the clitoris , manipulation by the partner , oral sex delivered to the woman by a man , and least frequently during vaginal penetration .
More detailed examination of responses during intercourse revealed that , while female orgasms were most commonly experienced during foreplay , copulatory vocalizations were reported to be made most often before and simultaneously with male ejaculation .
These data together clearly demonstrate a dissociation of the timing of women experiencing orgasm and making copulatory vocalizations and indicate that there is at least an element of these responses that are under conscious control , providing women with an opportunity to manipulate male behavior to their advantage .
Advertisement
Allow me to translate once again , with slang .
A bunch of scientists conducted a series of studies on the noises that women make while having sex , trying to figure out if these noises were caused by orgasm .
They studied 71 heterosexual women whose average age was about 21 , recruited from the area around the researchers ' lab .
In the study , our researchers discovered that most women have orgasms from touching their own clitoris , or from oral sex .
Most women do not have orgasms during intercourse - usually they have it beforehand , during " foreplay . "
During intercourse , women made the most noise before and during the time when their male partner had an orgasm .
As a result , it was clear to our intrepid researchers that women were making noises during sex EVEN WHEN THEY WEREN'T HAVING ORGASMS .
Which the scientists decided must mean that women are making those noises because they CHOOSE to make them , not because they are torn from their throats by the power of orgasm alone .
And therefore they determined , using the powers of science , that this means women can " manipulate male behavior to their advantage . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
OK , so let me get this straight , my science - loving friends .
Somehow the fact that women make noises of pleasure when they are n't having orgasms is manipulative ?
Apparently it did not occur to these scientists that noises of pleasure can be caused by things other than your own personal orgasm , such as the orgasm of your partner - or eating a yummy piece of chocolate .
Also , I love the way that these researchers assume noises made during orgasm are somehow involuntary and therefore implicitly non-manipulative .
Which suggests two things :
One , any noise not caused by orgasm is voluntary ; and Two , you cannot control the noises you make during orgasm ( which means that every time you wank in the bathroom , you 're screaming just as loudly as you do with a partner , right ? ) .
Basically , the idea is that the only non-manipulative sex noises are caused by orgasm .
Any other noise issued from the female is potentially an effort to " manipulate male behavior to their advantage . "
Advertisement
I ask you , not entirely sarcastically :
What advantage ?
To make the man have his orgasm faster ?
To deafen him ?
To make him want to buy his lady friend a giant , soundproof house where he can have sex without the neighbors hearing anything ?
Yeah , that must be it .
It 's a giant female conspiracy to make men soundproof their homes .
In fact , all the women in this study turned out to work for a soundproofing company .
To be serious for a moment , here is what the researchers say :
With regard to the reasons females gave for making copulatory vocalization , 66 % reported using these to speed up their partner 's ejaculation .
This was done to relieve discomfort / pain , boredom , and fatigue in equal proportion , as well as because of time limitations .
Importantly , 92 % of participants felt very strongly that these vocalizations boosted their partner 's self - esteem and 87 % reported using them for this purpose ....
Further advantages of the female being able to manipulate the presence / absence / timing of the male orgasm may include the reduction of her risk of incurring physical damage from roughness , abrasion , and ensuing infection .
One of the effects of female copulatory vocalizations may be to promote male self - esteem , which may strengthen the pairbond , decreases the risk of emotional infidelity and abandonment , resulting in continued access to resources and protection . . .
These data were remarkably consistent with findings reported in non-human primates , where , for example , in Barbary macaques ( Macaca sylvanus ) the likelihood of male ejaculation is related to the intensity and speed of female vocalizations during copulation .
Advertisement
And to translate :
These scientists think that female humans choose to make noise during sex for the same reason female monkeys do :
To make men orgasm faster , to prevent themselves from being injured during sex , and to get " continued access to resources and protection . "
Again , the best part about this bit of the article is that the authors first report what the women actually say ( they want to boost their partner 's self - esteem ) , and then put their own gloss on it , which is that this means the women want the men to give them things ( resources and protection ) .
Quite a leap from " making a partner feel good " to " manipulating men into giving things to you . "
To paraphrase a great philosopher : " Science .
It works , bitches . "
Except when it does n't .
Advertisement
Photo by Istvan Csak
Hardly anyone disputes the assumption that the strategic alliance between Israel and Turkey has come to an end , at least for the time being .
The political Left in Israel places the responsibility for this on the shoulders of its own government :
Had we only pursued the peace process more vigorously , they claim , Turkey would still be on our side .
Conservatives prefer to blame Turkey ’s Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who undoubtedly prefers the company of Iran ’s president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to Israel ’s Shimon Peres .
Both sides have a point , but they miss the whole picture .
Criticism NYTimes : Turkey 's gone too far Ynet Paper 's editorial says Turkish officials ' let their anger and rhetoric go way too far ' ; calls on Israel to agree to international probe of ' flotilla disaster '
NYTimes : Turkey 's gone too far
Two additional factors have driven Turkey to make a strategic U - turn .
The first is the continuing decline of US power in the Middle East .
The world ’s only superpower has lost its deterrence and respect in the region to an extent that even Syria ’s President Bashar al - Assad , who once clamored for the Americans ’ favor , now dares to publicly poke fun at the US Administration without fearing any consequences .
When US power diminishes , so decreases Israel ’s standing as Washington ’s most important ally .
The second decisive factor that has contributed to the radical change in Ankara ’s foreign policy focus is the role the EU has played during the botched negotiations for Turkey ’s accession to the Union .
Just a decade ago , being accepted into the prestigious club of rich Christian nations on the old continent was the highest aspiration of Turkey ’s Kemalist elite .
Kemal Ataturk , founding father of modern Turkey , had always wanted to reset his country ’s focus from Asia to Europe , from East to West .
The transition from the Arabic alphabet to the Latin one is just one visible example of this policy .
Ataturk waged a cultural war against Islam in the public sphere , evidenced by the ban on veils .
This effort was strikingly similar to the developments that once took place inside one of Israel ’s other crucial allies – Persia .
Shah Reza Pahlevi waged a sometimes violent struggle against conservatives , even liquidating religious leaders , in the attempt to force modernity and a Western way of life down his people ’s throat .
In contrast to what has been argued in the West , neither Turkey nor Iran have invented a modern Islam .
The pro-Western , modernist forces in Turkey are not modern Muslims , they are anti-clerical or anti-religious .
Their power rested on the army , who was eager to maintain close ties to the West , not least because of significant financial incentives that the US kept coming during the Cold War to assure the army ’s loyalty as a bulwark against the Soviet Union .
In 2004 , the EU commenced negotiations with Turkey about its accession .
It was a long and winding road , on which the Europeans set off with a sizeable amount of naiveté , to put it mildly , or , to be more exact , hypocrisy .
It was clear from the outset that Turkey not only had to incorporate 90.000 pages of Byzantine EU guidelines and legislation .
In effect , in order to live to Europe ’s expectations , the whole country had to fulfill the secularist Kemalist revolution , actually , change its very nature .
Out of sync with developments
Slowly , Europe eroded the power base of the Kemalist elites , the very part of the population that dreamt of joining the EU .
All the while , it chose to ignore the fact that large swaths of Turkey ’s population still fancy political Islam , loath secularism and all the West stands for , just like in Persia before the Islamic Revolution in 1979 , which was perceived as a staunch ally of the West and Israel .
Europe demanded to limit the army ’s influence and power , and in blind belief that its liberal democratic way is the only one to go , forced reforms on Turkey without concomitantly making sure that democratic structures and Western ideas take hold in the population .
At the same time , Brussels disappointed its ardent supporters again and again : Predictable problems kept popping up during the accession talks , effectively bringing them to a complete standstill .
Europe demanded profound social changes , like the emancipation of women and freedom of speech , and insisted on concessions that humiliated Turkish national pride , as in the question of Cyprus .
But at the same time , Brussels resisted on committing to any deadlines or guarantees on Turkey ’s accession .
From a Turkish point of view , they paid a high price and got little , if anything , in return .
Whoever tried to concede to Europe ’s demands , very soon appeared servile .
Without understanding the profound changes taking place in Turkey , Europe sided with Erdogan at the beginning of the Ergenekon affair .
This ever expanding political scandal , which has resulted in the arrest of dozens of high - ranking officers and intellectuals of the opposition , is apparently being exploited by the Islamist regime to rid itself of the last pockets of resistance in the army and society at large .
Liberal democratic Europeans simply could not conceive that , when there is a choice between an elected Islamist prime minister and unelected officers , opting for the Kemalist generals may be the lesser evil .
But they were out of sync with the developments in Turkey .
They weakened the ability of pro-Western forces that are supportive of Israel to hang on to power and handed the keys to an Islamic faction that did not want to use its new - found power to ally itself with the West .
When Europe halted negotiations , it left its supporters in Ankara empty - handed and convinced many skeptics that Turkey needs new strategic partners , turning east to the former “ axis of evil ” .
If Israel once seemed useful a golden handle to open the doors in the White House and Europe , it now became an obstacle in the emerging entente between Damascus , Ankara and Teheran .
Today , Israel bears the brunt of Turkey ’s new strategic orientation , but it will surely not remain the only one .
Jerusalem is only the first to pay the price not only for its own mistakes , but also for Europe ’s follies .
i Drunky [ iTunes link ] is an iPhone app with four sobriety tests that mimic U.S. police officers ' roadside DUI tests .
Each test comes with written instructions as well as stick figure diagrams in case you 're , ah , having a little too much fun to concentrate on those sentences .
Our favorite is the " Where 's Your Nose ? " test , which challenges you to lean your head back and touch a point on your iPhone screen to your nose .
" Try not to fall over , " the app advises ( which , of course , you 're likely to do ) .
The design and the challenges are all simple — do n't expect to find any spectacularly innovative use of the iPhone platform here .
But for $ 0.99 , the app provides at least a few minutes of fun at your next house party .
" Our goal is to fill the party niche , " explained the app's designer , Alec Brownstein ( whose creative jobseeking skills we profiled a few months ago ) .
" It 's not a serious app , just a fun one to play around with at a party for friends . "
Brownstein worked with designer Jon Stern and a developer in Croatia to produce the app , which took a little over a year .
" We thought it would [ only ] take a few months to put out , " Brownstein said , adding that it was his first time developing a mobile application .
If you download iDrunky , let us know what you think — and how well you did on the tests .
I 've been a fan of strange geographic / geopolitical non sequiturs for as long as I can remember .
Early on -- 4th grade , maybe ? --
I learned that part of Minnesota -- two , it turns out : the Northwest Angle and Elm Point -- are not actually connected to the continental United States .
Rather , they 're peninsulas which hang off Canada .
( There 's one in Washington State and another in Vermont , too . )
So when I found out about the oddity below , it made for an easy thing to write about .
If you know of anything similar , please share it with me ! --
Dan
Kentucky Is n't Contiguous .
Sorry , Tennessee !
Seventeen square miles .
Seventeen ( or so ) residents .
100 % Kentucky .
And isolated from the rest of the state .
Welcome to Kentucky Bend .
Kentucky
Bend is in the southwest corner of the state , but is entirely surrounded by two other states .
To the south is Tennessee , which you can see in the map above .
Looping around the area , forming the west - to - east borders , is the Mississippi River .
Across the river ?
Missouri .
One can not get from Kentucky Bend to the rest of Kentucky without crossing into another state first .
The carve - out was caused accidentally .
When the states drew their borders , the powers that be agreed that the Kentucky border would extend " as far west as the bank of the Mississippi [ River ] opposite the westernmost bank of the Mississippi [ River ] in Missouri " per one amateur historian .
But no one realized that a bend in the river ( an " oxbow loop meander " ) , given that border , would lead to this ridiculous result .
Until the mid-1800s , Tennessee claimed Kentucky Bend ( under a different name , naturally ) as its own , finally dropping the cause in around 1848 .
Nevertheless , the mailing address for the area ?
Tiptonville , Tennessee .
Bonus Fact :
Some think that the oxbow loop meander was caused by a series of earthquakes that struck the area in 1811 - 12 .
That 's probably not the case , but the earthquakes did manage to make the Mississippi flow ( or appear to flow ) backward for a few days !
May 10 , 2010  -- Liz , a software developer from Silicon Valley , Calif. , has been out of work for a year and just as unlucky in sex .
" The outlets for meeting people and developing relationships are the Internet and dating services , and they all charge for that , " said Liz , who asked that her last name not be used .
She thought about the no-fee service , Plentyof Fish.com , " but that 's a Catch - 22 , " she said .
" It 's free , which is great , but you are looking at people who are cheap or looking for others who are cheap . "
Many of the other dating spots such as workout gyms and bars come with hefty price tags .
" If you want to go to a nice bar and meet some high - end guys , you have to spend a lot of money , unless you get someone to buy you a drink , and that does n't happen much as we get older , " she said .
Liz is 61 , divorced and has n't had a date in a year .
Even if she did find Mr. Right , she said she wonders how it would play out now that she is unemployed .
" There is the constant worry about the economy , which interjects a dose of reality when you try to get intimate , " she said .
Liz and other Americans 45 and older say they are engaging in sex less often and with less satisfaction , according to the just - released AARP survey , " Sex Romance and Relationships . "
The survey is a follow - up to AARP 's 1999 landmark report on sexual practices and attitudes , and another survey in 2004 .
Since then , the economy has taken a turn for the worse and , many experts say , financial worries contribute to the waning interest .
" The core problem is the stress of losing your job or being afraid you 'll lost your job or losing money in your investments and the price of not having health care ; pretty depressing things , " said Pepper Schwartz , a sociologist from the University of Washington and a columnist for AARP , which represents 40 million Americans older than 50 .
" Huge problems are unveiled when people lose that small protective cushion , " said Schwartz , author of " Prime : Advice and Adventures About Sex , Love and the Sensual Years . "
" When there is anxiety , sex is not on your mind , and with less money you do n't go out as much , " she said .
The survey is based on detailed questionnaires completed last year by 1,670 people 45 and older .
The report said sexual activity among both single and married respondents had declined 10 percentage points since the 2004 survey .
Twenty - eight percent of respondents reported in the most recent survey they had intercourse at least once a week , and 40 percent at least once a month .
Only 43 percent said they were satisfied , down from 51 percent in 2004 .
Married couples had the least amount of sex , compared to singles with partners .
The survey asked respondents what would improve their sexual satisfaction and 20 percent of the women and 37 percent of the men said better health ; 14 percent of the women and 26 percent of the men said better personal finances .
Hispanics More Enthusiastic About Sex
Meanwhile , AARP found that Hispanics are more satisfied and have more sex than their non-Hispanic counterparts .
More details on that data will be released in June .
" They think it 's an important quality of life , " Schwartz said .
" They have more habits of complimenting and hugging their partner and are sensitive to their concerns and high happiness , even when their health is n't good .
" They have a different culture about sexuality that prizes and guards it . "
But for Liz , who is the single mother of a 24 - year - old daughter , the sex drive has waned as she has aged .
" It just gets a lot harder , " she said .
" I look in the mirror , my mindset is sometimes 30 or 40 , but then I take a realistic look at myself and my appearance .
It 's scary .
And someone would want to jump in bed with me ?
For what reason ?
And even if you are doing it , it 's just not quite the same . "
Men and women responded differently on the survey : 21 percent of men admitted to sex outside marriage , compared to 11 percent of women .
Men are also five times more likely to say they think of sex at least once a day and three times as likely to masturbate at least once a week .
But only 12 percent of the sexually active single men and only one - third of all women said they used condoms .
Previous studies have shown a rise in sexually transmitted diseases among the elderly , especially in nursing homes .
Older people are at an increasing risk for HIV / AIDS , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
About 19 percent of all those with the disease are 50 and older , probably because they are not tested on a regular basis , the CDC says .
" They are simply not using condoms and it's dangerous , " Schwartz said .
" While the sexual transmission rate is low in this population , it 's not absent and negligible . "
Ten percent of the male respondents took medication to improve sexual functioning , and 23 percent reported being diagnosed for erectile dysfunction or impotence , according to the AARP survey .
Baby Boomers Turn to Online Dating
Another big change is Americans are more approving of having sex before marriage .
Other studies in both the United States and abroad show that as men and women live longer , the number of people who are sexually active after age 50 has steadily risen since the 1970s .
A 2007 study in the New England Journal of Medicine reported that 73 percent of people in the 57 to 64 age group and 53 percent of those 65 to 74 reported having had sex with a partner in the previous year .
Among 75 - to 85 - year - olds , about 36 percent were still sexually active .
And some married baby boomers such as Cynthia Lee , a 60 - year - old English teacher from Maine , say financial woes can sometimes " bring you closer . "
" When the economy takes a downturn and you have a good relationship , you gravitate more to sex if you do n't have any money , " she said .
Many people in middle - age and the older years are also turning to online - dating services .
Gina , a 56 - year - old massage therapist from San Francisco with two children in their 20s , found a new lease on life through Match.com .
She discovered in 2008 that her husband of 27 years had fallen in love with his mistress .
" It hit me like a two - by - four , " said Gina , who asked that her last name not be used .
" He was the only man I had been with .
I had never cheated on him .
I was a devoted wife and believed in my vows and loved him . "
When he asked for a divorce last year , her first words were , " You are going to do this in this economy ? "
Skeptical , she went online and wrote a profile .
Soon she met a wonderful man who " opened the door for me sexually , " Gina said .
" He kind of jump - started the engine .
" I was so scared but it was great , " she said .
" I am still alive .
It was like being a virgin at 56 . "
Though they are still friends , the relationship did n't work out .
But Gina went back online and met another man , this one a keeper , she said .
" I was always sexual and I liked sex and loved being close , but I had just lost it so long ago , " she said .
" I kissed a lot of toads before I found my prince .
" A lot of my friends who are divorced sit on the couch with their animals .
But there 's someone out there for everyone .
You can have a whole new life again .
" Have the right attitude , do n't be afraid , " she said .
" It really does work . "
IT 'S difficult to classify Bruce Bartlett politically .
He has worked on the staffs of Congressmen Ron Paul and Jack Kemp and Senator Roger Jepsen .
He was senior policy analyst in the Reagan White House ; and deputy assistant secretary for economic policy at the Treasury Department during the first Bush administration .
But he has also written a book titled , " Impostor : How George W. Bush Bankrupted America and Betrayed the Reagan Legacy " .
So you could say that Mr Bartlett 's loyalties are economic , not partisan .
Currently Mr Bartlett is a columnist for the Fiscal Times , an online newspaper covering the economy , and he blogs at Capital Gains and Games .
He has also written several books , the latest of which is " The New American Economy : The Failure of Reaganomics and a New Way Forward " .
We recently asked him some questions about the economy , the deficit , and the chance that America will one day have a VAT .
DiA : Which should be a higher priority for the federal government at the moment , deficit reduction or economic stimulus ?
Mr Bartlett : Clearly , economic stimulus .
The question is , what can the government do that would , in fact , be stimulative .
One argument , popular in Europe , is that fiscal consolidation is stimulative by reducing uncertainty , the fear of future tax increases and inflationary expectations .
While I concede that fiscal consolidation can be stimulative under certain circumstances , those circumstances do n't exist in the US today .
Basically , we would need a situation in which inflation and / or tight money is the basic problem .
Under those conditions , fiscal tightening can lower inflationary expectations , reduce crowding out and give the central bank room to ease monetary policy , thus leading to economic expansion .
However , none of those conditions exist today .
The Fed is as easy as it can be given the zero bound for interest rates , deflation rather than inflation is the central economic problem , and there is no evidence that federal borrowing is crowding private borrowers out of the market .
There is no need to borrow to finance productive capacity at this time and , in fact , businesses have more than adequate cash on hand to pay for expansion if there were expectations of higher sales to justify it .
Under these circumstances , I think we need some policy that will encourage spending , private borrowing and investment .
Since further fiscal stimulus is effectively off the table for political reasons , some other mechanism will have to bring that about .
The Federal Reserve is the only institution that can do it ; the question is how .
There may be scope for quantitative easing , but simply driving longer - term interest rates down further may not be effective given expectations of slow growth and downward pressure on prices .
If the Fed could create inflationary expectations , that would help , but it may not have the capacity or credibility to follow through .
My fear is that the US may be in for an extended period of Japan - style stagnation .
DiA :
In the longer term , what types of economic and political problems will we be looking at if we allow the deficit to continue growing ?
Mr Bartlett :
In the near term , the biggest problem the deficit presents is that there is no further scope for fiscal stimulus .
We now know that the Obama administration 's economists wanted a stimulus package last year almost twice the size of the one that was enacted — something closer to $ 1.4 trillion rather than $ 800 billion .
Maybe that would have been enough ; we 'll never know .
Unfortunately , there was only one bite at the apple and doing more at this point is practically impossible .
But what happens if we have a double - dip next year ?
Is it realistic to think that any stimulus at all is possible on the fiscal side ?
Given the likelihood of Republican gains in the November elections and the strong Republican incentive to make the economy as bad as possible going into 2012 , I do n't think it would even be possible to pass a stimulus package that was 100 % composed of tax cuts — the only stimulus Republicans might support .
I would add that I do disagree with the Republican fixation on taxation .
Federal taxes as a share of GDP are at their lowest level in two or more generations — 14.9 % versus a postwar average of 18.2 % .
There is not one iota of evidence that the economy is suffering from excessive taxation and no evidence that the sorts of tax cuts favoured by Republicans — mainly tax cuts for the wealthy — would do any good given the nature of the economy 's problems .
Tax cuts do n't help those with no incomes because they are unemployed , businesses running at a loss , or investors with a large stock of capital losses .
In my view , the Republican obsession with taxes is based on pure dogma , not analysis .
DiA : More generally , which party do you find more credible when discussing America 's fiscal challenges ?
Mr Bartlett : The Republicans do n't have any credibility whatsoever .
They squandered whatever they had when they enacted a massive UNFUNDED expansion of Medicare in 2003 .
Yet they had the nerve to complain about Obama 's health plan , WHICH WAS FULLY PAID FOR according to the Congressional Budget Office .
The word “ chutzpah ” is insufficient to describe how utterly indefensible the Republican position is , intellectually .
Furthermore , Republicans have a completely indefensible position on taxes .
In their view , deficits cannot arise from tax cuts .
No matter how much taxes are cut , no matter how low revenues go as a share of GDP , tax cuts are never a cause of deficits ; they result ONLY AND EXCLUSIVELY from spending — and never from spending put in place by Republicans , such as Medicare Part D , TARP , two unfunded wars , bridges to nowhere , etc — but ONLY from Democratic efforts to stimulate growth , help the unemployed , provide health insurance for those without it , etc .
The monumental hypocrisy of the Republican Party is something amazing to behold .
And their dimwitted accomplices in the tea - party movement are not much better .
They know that Republicans , far more than Democrats , are responsible for our fiscal mess , but they wo n't say so .
And they adamantly refuse to put on the table any meaningful programme that would actually reduce spending .
Judging by polls , most of them seem to think that all we have to do is cut foreign aid , which represents well less than 1 % of the budget .
Consequently , I have far more hope that Democrats will do what has do be done .
The Democratic Party is now the “ adult ” party in American politics , willing to do what has to be done for the good of the country .
The same cannot be said of Republicans , who seem unwilling to do anything that would interfere with their ambition to retake power so that they can reward their lobbyist friends with more give - aways from the public purse .
Unfortunately , I do n't think Democrats have the guts or the stamina to put forward a meaningful deficit - reduction programme because they know — as I do — that it will require higher revenues .
But facing big losses in the elections this fall I can't blame them .
That leaves us facing political gridlock between the sensible but cowardly party and the greedy , sociopathic party .
Not a pleasant choice for those of us in the sensible , lets - do - what - we - have - to - do - for - the - good - of - the - country independent centre .
DiA :
The primary fiscal challenge facing America is its spending on entitlements .
Will it be possible for the parties to compromise on reform of programmes like Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid ?
If so , what do you think those compromises will look like ?
Mr Bartlett : Cutting entitlements is hardly an exclusively American problem .
Every advanced country has the same problem .
What the European countries have , however , is a social contract and more of an egalitarian ethic .
People there know that even if benefits are cut they wo n't be thrown to the wolves .
And businesses and rich people accept higher taxes as part of the social contract as long as their position in society is maintained and they will still be permitted to make a profit .
American conservatives — unlike those in Europe — still do n't accept the legitimacy of the welfare state or its fundamentally conservative underpinnings in a Bismarckian sense .
( The welfare state provides stability , prevents revolution and accepts a certain diminution of freedom and rule by technocrats as a trade - off . )
They still believe that America is the new world free of European rigidity , where survival of the fittest rules and that instability is okay as long as we get more growth in the process .
But what if we do n't get faster growth ?
Are Americans capable of dealing with a prolonged period of stagnation ?
Will they meekly accept their fate as the Japanese have done ?
I think not .
It 's not in the American character , although I do n't know what form the alternative will take .
We may need to give conservatives one last shot at power to prove that their ideas wo n't work — a conservative version of the Great Society , in which every pet liberal idea was given a chance to succeed before failing — before the American people will finally concede that tax cuts do n't pay for themselves or automatically shrink spending through some magical starve - the - beast mechanism , that getting spending under control will require more than cutting foreign aid and waste - fraud - and - abuse and that benefits for the elderly — a prime Republican constituency these days — will have to be meaningfully and painfully cut , and that taxes will have to be increased .
I think it may take another ten years before reality finally seeps into the electorate and a conservative can talk realistically about what has to be done without being run out of the Republican Party on a rail .
DiA :
What would be the benefits of a value - added tax and why wo n't Republicans or Democrats get behind the idea ?
Mr Bartlett :
The key area where Republicans and conservatives continue to live in a fantasy world relates to the inevitability of higher taxes to the long - run solution to our fiscal problem .
At present , they all live in a dream world in which massive spending cuts that do n't hurt average Americans are the only solution to the deficit that they will entertain .
But sooner or later , they will realise that this is simply not possible and that tax increases are not the worst thing in the world — Ronald Reagan raised taxes 11 times , including in 1982 when the economy was still in recession , and contrary to right - wing predictions Bill Clinton 's 1993 tax increase did not send the economy into a tailspin .
Once upon a time not too long ago there were serious people in the Republican Party willing to negotiate with Democrats in good faith on the issues of the day for the betterment of our country .
Now they are all gone .
Until they reappear our fiscal situation will get worse .
Democrats can't do it by themselves ; they need someone on the Republican side with whom they can negotiate .
I do n't see any such person anywhere in the country at the moment .
DiA :
Do you think we 'll ever see a VAT in America ?
Mr Bartlett : Eventually , we will have to enact measures to reduce the deficit .
These measures will necessarily have to include higher revenues .
Initially , they may be called user fees , offsetting receipts or other euphemisms , but they will raise revenues .
Polls show that Americans are not averse to soaking the rich or taxing big businesses .
Eventually , these will be enacted as well .
After maybe ten years of doing this , Republicans will finally support a VAT as a tax reform , which will be used to undo many of the previously - enacted revenue increases .
They will rationalise their support for a VAT on the grounds that they are not raising taxes , but only changing their composition .
But in fact it will be a retroactive tax increase .
Personally , I think it would make more sense to avoid a decade of economic and financial pain and do what is necessary today .
But there is no possible way of getting even a trivial tax increase through Congress today , let alone a VAT .
Eventually , American conservatives need to make the deal that European conservatives made after the war : liberals basically spend the money — subject , roughly , to a balanced - budget constraint — and conservatives raise the money in ways that do n't overly burden capital .
This means that conservatives have to accept the welfare state and liberals have to give up redistribution on the tax side .
But we are a long ways away from such a deal even being discussed .
Wonder Woman 's seen her share of costume changes since she made her red , white and blue debut back in 1941 .
Some mods have been tweaks to existing elements , while others were motivated by complete character overhauls .
DC announced today on the New York Times that she will have a new outfit designed by artist ( and DC Comics Co-Publisher ) Jim Lee , that marks as shift not only in her wardrobe , but also in her origin .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/06/29/new-wonder-woman-costume/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Wonder_Woman_Gets_New_Costume';
Kicking off in tomorrow 's milestone issue of " Wonder Woman " # 600 , writer J. Michael Straczynski will introduces a world rewritten by the Gods , leading to a new origin and new outfit to the Amazonian princess .
As explained on DC's Source blog :
The Gods , for reasons of their own but which may have something to with their survival and perhaps the survival of Earth itself , have changed the timeline .
In the new timeline , years ago the Gods removed their protection from Paradise Island , and left it vulnerable to attack .
And attacked it was .
Led by a dark figure , a veritable army descended upon the Island , equipped with weapons that could kill even the Amazons .
Outgunned , doomed , Hippolyta gave over her three - year - old daughter to a handful of guardians who spirited her away as Hippolyta led one last desperate battle against the forces that had come to destroy all she had created .
In that final battle , she and most of the Amazons were killed , though some managed to escape .
It 's now nearly twenty years later .
Diana has been raised in an urban setting , but with a foot in both worlds .
She has little or no memory of the other timeline .
She knows only what she 's been told by those who raised her
On the run , hunted , she must try to survive , help the other refugee Amazons escape the army that is still after them , discover who destroyed Paradise Island and why ... and if the timeline can be corrected or not .
She also does not yet have access to her full powers , but will be gaining them as she goes .
See the full redesigned costume image after the jump .
DC describes the new outfit as " a Wonder Woman look designed for the 21st century " that will allow Diana " to be taken seriously as a warrior , in partial answer to the many female fans over the years who 've asked , 'how does she fight in that thing without all her parts falling out ? ' ... The bracelets are still there , but made more colorful , tied on the inside and over the hand , with a script W on each of them that form WW when she holds them side by side ... and if you get hit by one of them , it leaves a W mark .
This is a Wonder Woman who signs her work . "
" She 's been locked into pretty much the exact same outfit since her debut in 1941 , " said J. Michael Straczynski .
" If you 're going to make a statement about bringing Wonder Woman into the 21st century , you need to be bold and you need to make it visual .
I wanted to toughen her up , and give her a modern sensibility ...
What woman only wears only one outfit for 60 - plus years ? "
Renowned climatologist Philip
Mote will be the keynote speaker at a conference on “ Making Choices : Sustainability in a World of Conflicting Values ” July 21 - 25 , 2010 , at Portland State University in Portland , Ore .
The conference will include the keynote , discussion groups , presentation of research papers and interactive activities exploring the theme .
The event is the 86th annual meeting of the Society for Values in Higher Education , an international organization of scholars , teachers , professionals and others interested in values in higher education .
Mote will speak at 7 p.m. on Thursday , July 22 , on “ Can We Solve the Climate Problem ?
Should We Even Try ? , ” exploring how scientific knowledge can be used to tackle some of the world ’s most complex environmental and societal issues .
Mote is director of the Oregon Climate Change Research Institute at Oregon State University and a leading scientist on the impacts of climate change .
The keynote address is free and open to the public .
It will take place in the Smith Memorial Student Union Building ballroom ( Room 355 ) at Portland State University .
Afternoon workshop sessions will feature authors from around the country presenting papers for discussion on sustainability from a variety of disciplinary perspectives .
Morning groups will discuss topics including “ Environmental Values in Higher Education , ” “ Planning Sustainability in the Current Political Climate ” and “ Theorizing Culture : Research and Sustainability . ”
Attendees can also participate in “ Acid Rain and the European Environment , 1979 - 89 , ” an academic role - playing game based on the Reacting to the Past teaching method .
“ Higher education has a unique role in our society in preparing the next generation of society 's leaders , ” said Marvin A. Kaiser , dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at Portland State University and executive director of the Society for Values in Higher Education .
“ This leadership carries the responsibility to expand our common commitment to a world that is environmentally , socially and economically sustainable . ”
Both Portland and Portland State University have long - standing commitments to creating a sustainable environment , he added , and the Society for Values in Higher Education is well placed to explore such issues .
“ Sustainable development is grounded by the values we hold individually and as a society , ” Kaiser said .
“ The Society for Values in Higher Education is uniquely positioned to address the value questions of sustainability because of its long commitment to informed study , dialogue and action . ”
The Society for Values in Higher Education has more than 500 members around the world and is based at Portland State University .
This year ’s meeting features several events sponsored by the Confucius Institute at Portland State University .
Registration for the conference is $ 240 for non-members ( $ 50 for Portland residents ) with additional costs for room and board .
To learn more about the conference , the Society for Values in Higher Education or to download a registration form , see www.svhe.org, call ( 503 ) 725-2575 or e-mail society@pdx.edu .
First I have to say wow , does this game look good .
Some serious time and effort went into the visuals on Razor2 .
All the 3D renderings look amazing .
Ship designs have a very Japanese feel .
For the high amount of sprites on screen at one time there is n’t any lag to speak of , even when playing on my laptop .
When it comes to the modern shoot em ’ up there are two types of players that come to mind .
Bullet Stormers
They like their shooters to be fast and furious .
Blasts fly forth from enemies at such a rate and in so copious an amount that it becomes more of a dodge em ’ up then a shooter , because your attention is on keeping your fragile ship alive , rather than killing things as quickly as possible .
Being able to anticipate the patterns of bullet fire and fly through successfully becomes the primary objective .
One or two hit kills are the norm .
It ’s all about the rapid , twitch gameplay .
Tactical Blasters
These guys like strategic complexity over twitch skills ; a need to switch weapons to kill different enemies perhaps .
Different fields of play , such as ground and air targeting are good .
Learning enemy movement patterns and puzzle - like methods of killing bosses are important elements .
A fragile ship is less important to them , they want shields and upgrades and new items to purchase between levels .
So where does Razor2 fall ?
Well , somewhere in - between .
Bullets certainly fly everywhere like a storm - game , but the patterns and timing of enemy fire is n’t thought out enough to allow for rapid avoidment , so you ’re given pretty heavy shields and a hearty ship .
You ’re given multiple weapon types , but there ’s no tactical reason to switch between them , so instead you find yourself picking whichever you prefer and sticking with it .
Ship upgrades are available , but enemies seem to become tougher at almost the same increment , thus making upgrades little more than just a task to be done .
There are both air and ground units , but the ground units are so few and far between that they ’re irrelevant and do n’t require special fire or anything to destroy anyway .
The bosses are interesting and might fit the bullet storm style of play except random enemies keep flying out of every corner of the screen ruining any chance of manoeuvring through enemy fire .
In the end , Razor2 : Hidden Skies is a great looking game that probably wo n’t satisfy either style of gameplay .
It ’s all fury and style without enough underlying game design .
Still , now that Invent4 has the mechanics down I look forward to their next attempt at a shoot em ’ up .
With a little tighter focus they are prepared to do amazing work .
Rating :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=272FpusBJEI[/youtube]
An extensive biopic of one of the most famous entertainers of the 20th century - Frank Sinatra .
The only thing that could engage the public more than his songs and films was his sometimes controversial private life .
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
YORKSHIRE Ripper Peter Sutcliffe must spend the rest of his life behind bars , the High Court ruled today .
The decision was announced by Mr Justice Mitting , sitting in London .
Now known as Peter Coonan , the 63 - year - old former lorry driver , from Bradford , West Yorkshire , was convicted at the Old Bailey in 1981 .
He received 20 life terms for the murder of 13 women and the attempted murder of seven others in Yorkshire and Greater Manchester .
The judge ruled that " early release provisions " were " not to apply " .
The latest version of the IPv6 CPE survey and matrix can be found here : IPv6 CPE Surveys
Disclaimer
The information in this article is provided as is .
The authors will try their best to keep the information up - to - date , but for the latest information please consult the documentation provided by the manufacturer .
Most of the software products listed are under development and are actively being worked on .
Check the manufacturer 's website to verify you are using the latest version available , especially when you encounter issues or decide to report back to us .
Testing Method
The tests we ran are best described as consumer panel testing .
We check if a feature is present and we try and verify if the feature actually works .
This is by no means a foolproof approach , as subtle differences in your local setup can dramatically change behavior .
Our aim in producing this article is to provide a useful guide , but we strongly advise you to verify that the devices work correctly in your own environment before making a final decision to purchase .
Most vendors are usually happy to organise a demo .
If you are looking to purchase a box in retail , we also advise you to check the return policy of the retailer .
For the purpose of this article we consider customer premises equipment ( CPE ) or home gateway to be a device that can act as a gateway between the infrastructure of your local provider and your home network .
Such devices usually come with a variety of interfaces and can either plug in directly into your DSL or cable connection or can be placed behind a box ( supplied by the provider ) to introduce additional functionality such as NAT44 ( i.e. IPv4 to IPv4 network address translation ) , VoIP or Wifi .
The IPv6 behavior of such devices is best described in draft - ietf - v6 ops - ipv6 - cpe- router .
In contrast with IPv4 , when using IPv6 you are likely to get one or more subnets assigned by your provider , which means there is no longer a need for NAT .
Although this re-establishes the end - to - end model of the Internet , it does mean that your hosts are exposed directly to the Internet .
For added security most of the devices described here come with basic filtering capabilities , often referred to as a firewall .
Recommendations on these filters are described in draft - ietf - v6 ops - cpe - simple - security .
We have done our best to make this list complete , and are happy to continue refining and adding to it .
If you find anything missing or your box is n’t listed , please contact us .
However , please keep in mind that the goal of this list is to identify those CPEs that are suitable for mass deployment .
We like the hacks with custom software patches but that would probably make the list endless .
Your Feedback Required
This document is based on feedback received from the community and we intend it to serve as a living document , so further feedback is more than welcome .
If you have access to a testbed , are already running tests of your own or if you spot an error please contact us on labs at ripe dot net or leave a comment here .
Overview
The matrix below lists the features and various models of CPE on which we have information .
The status fields can have five different values .
Unknown ( - ) :
Neither the vendor nor the community can confirm the feature is present .
No :
Vendor or testing confirms the feature is not supported .
Claimed by vendor :
The vendor has confirmed the feature is present .
However , we have n’t heard any reports from the community confirming whether it actually works and we have n’t been able to test it ourselves .
Broken :
Feedback from the community or test results indicate the feature is there but not working .
Buggy :
Feedback from the community or test results indicate the feature is showing irregular behavior or is not working as expected .
Confirmed :
Based on community feedback and testing we can confirm the feature is there and working as expected .
AVM ( FRITZ !Box ) Draytek Zyxel Juniper ( ScreenOS ) Juniper ( JUNOS ) Cisco Hardware version required 7270 , 7570 Vigor 2130 series , vigor 120 All models released in 2010 All All Most SOHO boxes Minimum software level required " Labor " only 2130 :v1.3.0 120:v3.2.4.3
Per model , check vendor 6.1 10.2 12.4T or 15 Status Beta General deployment Beta General deployment Early deployment General deployment
WAN layer 2 Docsis 3.0 vendor no no no no - ADSL 2 + confirmed 120 only vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed VDSL confirmed no vendor no vendor - Ethernet confirmed vendor vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed FTTx - vendor vendor no no - WAN Layer 3 PPPoA confirmed no vendor no vendor confirmed PPPoE confirmed confirmed vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed RFC1483 / bridge vendor no vendor no no - RFC1483 / routed - - vendor vendor vendor - Plain IP - vendor vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed WAN address acquiring PPP link local only ( unnumbred ) confirmed confirmed vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed SLAAC confirmed vendor vendor vendor vendor confirmed DHCPv6 IA_NA - vendor vendor vendor vendor - DHCPv6 IA_PD confirmed confirmed vendor no no confirmed LAN Manual addressing on LAN interface no - - confirmed confirmed confirmed SLAAC confirmed confirmed vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed DHCPv6 server no vendor vendor vendor vendor - DHCPv6 prefix delegation no - - - - - Static routing towards LAN no confirmed - - - confirmed Firewall Configurable buggy confirmed vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed Default setting on on on on on off DNS resolving WAN RFC5006 - no - no no - WAN DHCP confirmed confirmed no - - - LAN RFC5006 buggy no - no no - LAN DHCP confirmed - - - - - Configurable no - - - - confirmed Tunnels 6in4 - vendor vendor vendor no confirmed 6to4 confirmed no vendor vendor no - Teredo - no no no no - SIXXS buggy no no no no - 6RD - no no no no - Management WebGUI buggy confirmed vendor confirmed no confirmed Telnet no confirmed vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed SSH no confirmed vendor confirmed confirmed confirmed SNMP no vendor vendor vendor no confirmed TR69 vendor vendor vendor no no - Routing protocols no no RIP announced most most most
Experiences
AVM
As one of the first consumer grade CPEs with IP v6 support , the FRITZ !
Box has been in beta ( or " labor " as they call it ) for over a year now .
The box supports the basics and stands out by supporting a large variety of tunnel options as well as native connection models .
The box is really aimed at the average user , so the moment you need more complicated setups it might not be the right choice .
It lacks the option to route subnets or part of your prefix to another device and manual configuration is fairly limited .
The pinholes in the firewall are limited to UDP and TCP only .
The GUI to control the firewall shows some bugs and there have been reports that the latest version has some issues with tunnel setups as well .
Updates are released regularly though , and it ’s advised to keep to the latest versions .
Draytek
Unfortunately the main device ( 2130n ) only has Ethernet ports , which limits its use .
However a solution exists in the form of the Vigor 120 , which makes it possible to hook it up to DSL using a small box that can either bridge the PPPoE session or translate the PPPoS from your provider into PPPoE .
The 2130 is based on Linux and when you use Telnet or SSH management it should feel fairly familiar for those people used to Linux machines .
As far as LAN and routing functionality goes , this box is pretty complete , however some features , like static routing , are only manageable from the shell .
The 120 as a standalone box also offers a solution for those who want a different setup .
Capable of translating to PPPoE , it fits most systems .
Be careful of MTU issues when using the translating function though .
Zyxel
With the P2612HNU - F1 , Zyxel has released their first IP v6 capable box .
The box is pretty new and scarce .
We are currently waiting on one to test or demo .
If you happen to have one , please send us your experiences .
Juniper
Juniper is the first to admit that they do n’t aim their products at the residential market , but just in case you encounter one , we 've included it here .
The biggest issue here might be that it does n’t support prefix delegation , which might make it impossible to connect to residential subscriptions at your ISP .
It also requires some knowledge when configuring .
The firewall is really complete and is the only one that goes beyond the standard packet filter .
Pricey but if you have one laying around it might just work .
Cisco
Another vendor not really suitable for mass deployment in the residential market .
It requires some skill level to configure and maintain the system , but feature - wise it is a pretty complete box , and depending on the actual hardware version you run it can handle most routing protocols and the packet filters can do a nice job .
Earlier versions require an additional license to run IP v6 ; with the latest hard - and software versions IP v6 is included in the base image .
There are many different software versions available and it might be hard to find the right one for your purpose .
In general , newer is better , but if you have access to the Cisco portal take a look at release notes or field reports .
Be aware that earlier versions have issues when bridging between LAN and Wifi .
These issues have been resolved in the latest release ( 15.x ) and we have confirmation of an 886w now working .
Technicolor / Thomson
Not yet released so it is not included in the matrix .
There have been sightings of a Speedtouch 789 running IP v6 code and supporting PPP .
Please consult your Technicolor sales representative for more information .
Apple
Apple has introduced a routing option in the latest release of the Airport Extreme and Time Capsule .
WAN support seems to be fairly limited as far as PPPoE is concerned , but maybe on a plain IP or bridge line it might just work .
As a tunnel client , it just works .
Linksys
Linksys does not officially support IP v6 , although some versions include 6to4 support .
However a lot of people are using the OpenWRT software package to make this into an IP v6 box .
Being unsupported , it is not suitable for mass deployment and your mileage may vary .
For more information check the OpenWRT website .
Others
There have been reports of D - Link supporting IPv6 but information is limited .
Iskratel is working on a new release , which should come with IPv6 .
Mikrotik has IP v6 support , but is limited to Ethernet only .
We also have a report of a Spanish company called Teldat offering IP v6 support - if you have one at home please tell us about it .
EVEN in a bad year , some people can get very lucky .
A newly released report by the Internal Revenue Service shows that , for Americans as a group , total income fell at the fastest pace in decades in 2008 , and that the number of tax returns reporting at least $ 1 million in income plunged by 22 percent as the Great Recession took hold .
But even with all the bad news , there were still 13,480 tax returns that reported income of more than $ 10 million in the year .
Among them were 462 returns that reported some income from gambling .
Their total income from that source was $ 2.6 billion , for an average of $ 5.6 million per return .
The report , based on a survey of tax returns for 2008 , states that Americans reported $ 8.4 trillion in total income , down 4.6 percent from the previous year .
After considering inflation , the real decline was 8.4 percent , the sharpest decline in total American income since at least 1990 .
( CNN ) --
A fully functional submarine built for the primary purpose of transporting massive amounts of cocaine has been seized by Ecuadorean authorities with the help of U.S. drug enforcement agents .
A drug - trafficking organization built the sea - worthy vessel that is now being held near the border of Ecuador and Colombia , and one individual has been taken into custody , authorities said .
The investigation into the group and the submarine , which was seized Friday , is ongoing .
" This is the first seizure of a clandestinely constructed fully operational submarine built to facilitate trans - oceanic drug trafficking , " the Drug Enforcement Administration said in a statement .
The vessel utilized twin screws and was diesel electric - powered , the agency said .
It was about 30 meters ( 98 feet ) long and nearly 3 meters ( nine feet ) high from the deck plates to the ceiling .
It has a periscope and an air - conditioning system .
" Traffickers historically employed slow - moving fishing boats , sail boats , pleasure craft go - fasts , " said Jay Bergman , Andean regional director for the agency .
" The advent of the narco - submarine presents new detection challenges for maritime interdiction forces .
The submarine 's nautical range , payload capacity and quantum leap in stealth have raised the stakes for the counter - drug forces and the national security community alike . "
The submarine was constructed in a " remote jungle environment in an effort to elude law enforcement or military interdiction , " the agency said .
Acting on intelligence , Ecuadorean authorities were able to seize the vessel for before its maiden voyage , the statement said .
CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .
Luckily there are n’t many countries that drive on the opposite side of the road and share borders .
However , they do exist , such as China , which drives on the right , and the former British colony of Hong Kong , and former Portuguese colony of Macau , both which drive on the left .
This can pose an interesting problem for engineers and road planners , but Dutch architectural firm , NL Architects , has come up with a bridge with a twist – a concept that not only puts the drivers on the correct side of the road physically , but helps reinforce that fact visually to help get the drivers into the mindset of driving on the opposite side of the road .
Left or right ?
The grooves of a well - preserved track leading to a Roman quarry near Swindon , England , suggests that Romans drove on the left .
It has been theorized that riders on horseback generally rode on the left so they could hold their reigns with their left and keep their dominant hand free to offer a greeting to passing riders or to defend themselves with a sword .
In the late 1700s in the U.S. teamsters driving large freight wagons pulled by several teams of horses were positioned on the left rear horse so they could hold the whip with their right .
To ensure the clearance of the wheels of oncoming wagons they preferred that wagons pass them on the left where they had a better view .
This prompted a shift from left to right - hand traffic in many countries .
So much so that today around two thirds of the world ’s people live in right - hand drive countries .
Current bridges
Hong Kong and Macau have retained left - hand traffic after returning to Chinese control in 1997 and 1999 respectively .
There are already some interesting solutions to the problem of setting drivers on the right track when crossing the border such as the Lok Ma Chau bridge between Hong Kong and mainland China , and the Lotus Bridge between Macau and mainland China .
Although both these solutions get the job done , they do n’t really communicate visually to the driver what is happening .
The Lotus Bridge joining mainland China and Macau ( Image : Google Maps )
Lok Ma Chau joining Hong Kong and mainland China ( Image : Google Maps )
The Flipper
Dubbed “ the Flipper ” by its designers , the Pearl River Necklace bridge concept features the different sides of the road separating and twisting around each other to meet up on the opposite side .
Unfortunately it does n’t look like we ’ll be seeing the concept become a reality .
NL Architects designed the bridge as part of a competition , but lost – possibly because the switchover technically took place in the wrong location .
Although science fiction usually looks to the skies , there 's a whole world of wonder and mystery beneath the ocean 's surface .
When you need some advanced submarines to go exploring , these are the fourteen best .
Advertisement
1. The HMS Sword from Facing the Flag by Jules Verne
Twenty years before German U - Boats would burn submarines irrevocably into the global consciousness , Jules Verne imagined this British experimental submarine , commanded by the heroic Lieutenant Devon .
The ship used two electric dynamos for power that had to be charged while in port , giving it a maximum two days at sea at a time .
The book follows Devon and his crew as they try to free two captives from the clutches of pirates .
The book was adapted in 1958 for the Czechoslovakian movie The Fabulous World of Jules Verne , the trailer for which you can see above .
Advertisement
2. The Nautilus from 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea by Jules Verne and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen by Alan Moore and Kevin O'Neill
Of course , there 's a rather more famous submarine that Jules Verne created a quarter century before the Sword : Captain Nemo 's Nautilus .
Named after steamship creator Robert Fulton 's 1800 invention , generally considered the world 's first practical submarine , the Nautilus extracts sodium from seawater to power its sodium / mercury batteries and has the ability to farm food from the sea itself for the crew 's sustenance .
Double - hulled and seventy meters long , this behemoth has a top speed of fifty knots .
Captain Nemo , the alias of Prince Armitage Ranjit Dakkar , is a scientific and engineering genius , who has turned his back on humanity due to the loss of his family and the brutality of the world 's governments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Nautilus is one of the most enduring icons of 19th century fiction , and it was brought into the modern imagination with the 1954 Disney adaption of Verne 's book .
A more recent update is found in Alan Moore 's compendium of the public domain , The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen .
There , the Nautilus is far bigger than in Verne 's original book , and even more fearsome and more luxurious than before .
Ultimately , this submarine is revealed to actually be the successor to the original Nautilus , which was destroyed in Verne 's followup book , The Mysterious Island .
3. The Iron Fish
Advertisement
British comics never quite embraced superheroes in the same way their American counterparts did , leading to a much wider variety of heroes with a science fiction flair .
Two such heroes were Danny and Penny Gray , the operators of the Iron Fish submarines , who debuted in the British comic The Beano in 1949 .
The tiny but powerful subs were designed by their father , Professor Gray , and operated by the children from their home in Sunport .
The subs could jump out of the water , maneuver nimbly enough to puncture a diver 's air hose without harming the diver himself , and electrify its hull to ward off sea animals .
The Gray twins put the Iron Fish to good use , fighting all manner of undersea criminals and terrorists .
A new version of the Iron Fish resurfaced in a 1980s update of the original comic , this time under the command of the young Danny Boyle .
The Iron Fish had at least one notable fan - Alan Moore made sure to stick a cameo by a very young Professor Gray in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , where the boy tells Captain Nemo he too hopes to make incredible submarines some day .
Advertisement
4 . The USOS Seaview and the Flying Sub from Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea
The original 1961 movie sets the stakes about as big as they possibly can be : a meteor has made the Van Allen radiation belt around the Earth catch on fire , and the entire planet will die within in three weeks unless some way is found to reverse this disaster .
Top scientists figure a nuclear missile from the Marianas Trench will ( somehow ) sever the belt from Earth , sending it into space and saving the planet .
The only submarine that can do the job is the state - of - the - art Seaview .
Advertisement
The movie was popular enough to spawn the longest - running American science fiction show of the 1960s , which saw the Seaview fight aliens , sea monsters , dinosaurs , and occasionally hostile foreign governments .
It also introduced the Flying Sub , which you can see above .
5 . The Hydronaut from Around the World Under the Sea
The title might sound like a clumsy mash - up of two Jules Verne books , and that 's probably no accident - this movie pretty much wears its debt to Verne 's idea on its sleeve .
The 1966 science fiction film follows a group of civilian scientists as they attempt the first circumnavigation of the globe in a submarine .
There 's a more practical side to their trip as well , as they hope to develop a more reliable way of predicting earthquakes and volcanoes .
They 're going to need it , too , as the entire world appears to be on the brink of one major natural disaster .
( Also , there 's a love triangle . )
Advertisement
6. Proteus and Voyager from Fantastic Voyage
It was n't just the world 's oceans that science fiction submarines explored , and there was no more famous example of that than the ship in Fantastic Voyage .
( It 's either called Proteus or Voyager , depending on which version you 're going with . )
The 1966 science fiction film ( which was novelized by an obscure writer by the name of Isaac Asimov ) follows a team of scientists as they miniaturize a submarine and go inside the body of a Soviet defector in a desperate bid to save him from a blood clot .
Of course , since this is the Cold War , there are traitors about , and they have their work cut out for them to remove the clot before the ship becomes large enough for the body 's defenses to notice and eradicate .
Advertisement
7. Supercar from Supercar
We 've officially entered the Gerry Anderson section of this list , and we wo n't be leaving anytime soon .
The British TV legend , best known for his Supermarionation shows and the mid-70s cheese - fest that is Space : 1999 , made shows with some of the most revolutionary special effects and model work ever created , and that most definitely extended to the seas .
He and his team , which included special effects experts whose future work would include 2001 , Star Wars , and the Bond films , perfected the tricky task of creating underwater environments on a limited budget .
Advertisement
By placing a narrow screen filled with water in front of a dry environment , they could then use some clever lighting to create the illusion that the entire set was underwater .
The first test case for this technology was his 1961 series Supercar , which followed test pilot Mike Mercury and his titular car , which really could go anywhere , including under the sea ... well , it 's probably better if I let the opening titles above explain it to you .
8. Stingray from Stingray
Anderson 's exploration of the underwater world reached its apex with 1964's Stingray , which placed the massive , futuristic submarine Stingray front and center for thirty - nine episodes .
The series concerns the World Aquanaut Security Patrol and their growing awareness of threats posed by underwater aliens , almost all of whom are hostile .
The first line of defense in this war is Stingray , piloted by Captain Troy Tempest and Lieutenant " Phones " Sheridan .
Advertisement
The show was often gloriously silly - although he was very much the manly action hero , Tempest could also be kind of a huge asshole ( actually , that might be because he was a manly action hero ) , which often led to melodrama made even more ridiculous by the fact that it was all done by a bunch of cartoonish puppets .
The show was also known for some truly surreal dream episodes , which included underwater cavemen , the Stingray crew shrunk to one inch tall and stranded in a dining room , and Phones doing a Highland fling .
Even so , all of that craziness generally stands up as part of the show 's sometimes campy charm , and at its heart it was more often than not a genuinely exciting adventure show with top notch special effects .
( I 'm something of a fan . )
9. Thunderbird 4 from Thunderbirds
After going all submarines , all the time for Stingray , any followup was probably going to give the underwater adventure short shrift , but Anderson 's magnum opus Thunderbirds really does seem to go rather far the other way .
The show concerns International Rescue , a secret organization that uses incredible machinery to perform rescue operations that would otherwise be totally impossible .
Central to these efforts are the five Thunderbird craft , the main rescue machines used by the organization and each piloted by one of the five Tracy brothers .
Advertisement
Thunderbird 4 , piloted by the almost too good - natured Gordon Tracy , is the organization 's submarine , and it must be said that it sure is n't Stingray .
For one thing , it 's positively tiny - its much , much smaller than any of the other Thunderbird craft .
Indeed , it actually has to be carried by Thunderbird 2 to the rescue scene .
That said , it 's an incredibly versatile craft that can more than hold its own when it 's called upon , as you can see in the clip above .
10 . Skydiver from UFO
When Gerry Anderson made the switch to live - action in 1970 with UFO , it took a while for him and his creative team to figure out how to tell stories that actually made use of the greater emotional register afforded by using real actors , particularly star Ed Bishop .
UFO eventually found its emotional heart ( and in a pretty major way ) , but one thing that worked for the show straight away was its high tech machines .
Advertisement
Defending the world against mysterious , hostile aliens , the secret organization SHADO uses a variety of different machines in its efforts .
The most powerful is arguably the submarine Skydiver , which more than earns the use of the word " Sky " in its name .
When UFOs penetrate Earth 's atmosphere , the submarine can launch the jet interceptor Sky One , which might just be the coolest thing ever .
You can see the launch sequence above .
11 . P - 1 from Marine Boy
Although the UK and US might seem to have cornered the market on submarine stories ( at least , once they wrested the title from Frenchman Jules Verne ) , but that 's not entirely true .
The Japanese anime series from the 60s follows a boy who is apparently actually called Marine Boy .
The precocious youngster serves in the Ocean Patrol , a peacekeeping organization charged with keeping the now colonized oceans safe .
He serves on the P - 1 , a small submarine patrol craft that is part of the Ocean Patrol 's large fleet .
He 's helped out in his missions by the inventions of his father , top Ocean Patrol scientist Dr. Mariner .
Advertisement
12 . The Leif Erikson from The Illuminatus !
Trilogy by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson
These psychedelic , satirical , more than a little insane books by Shea and Wilson are just about within the realm of science fiction , so let 's take a moment to talk about the Leif Erikson .
Named for the great Viking explorer , the ship is made out of solid gold and captained by Hagbard Celine .
Celine is the leader of the Discordians and sworn enemy of the secret cabal that rules the world .
He shares many similarities with Captain Nemo , so much so that some have theorized he might be one and the same person .
On the one hand , that would n't really make any sense at all .
On the other hand , this is The Illuminatus !
Trilogy we 're talking about .
Logic does n't necessarily enter the equation .
Advertisement
13 . The Red October from The Hunt for Red October by Tom Clancy
Submarine stories are , pretty much by their very nature , about the interaction of humans and advanced technology , as these incredible machines allow people to plunge into the once inaccessible depths of the ocean , with all the wonder and claustrophobia that comes with that ability .
That means that all submarine stories are , in some sense , a kind of science fiction , although not all of them have that obvious futuristic element that would more clearly place them in the genre .
Quite a few exist right on the borderline , and probably no story is harder to classify than The Hunt for Red October .
Advertisement
It all depends on how you feel about that pesky silent propulsion system ( which , as Comic Book Guy on The Simpsons has pointed out , has a host of technical errors that Alec Baldwin is sure to enjoy discussing ) .
Whether it's the advanced pumpjet system of the Tom Clancy novel or the magnetohydrodynamic system of the movie ( which , of the two , definitely sounds more scifi ) , The Hunt for Red October is here as a reminder that , when it comes to submarines , it 's sometimes difficult to remember what 's crazy science fiction invention and what 's just regular old cutting edge technology .
14 . The seaQuest DSV 4600 from seaQuest
For whatever reason , submarines have been largely ignored by science fiction in recent years , with pretty much the one major exception of this mid-nineties NBC series .
Starring the great Roy Scheider as Captain Nathan Bridger , the series follows the exploits of a high - tech submarine in the near future .
The show takes place at a time when all terrestrial natural resources have been exhausted and humans begin colonizing the ocean floor in search of new raw materials .
The seaQuest takes a central role as peacekeeper and mediator in this brave new underwater world .
Advertisement
The show never quite came together , in part because NBC and the show 's producers constantly fought over the direction the show should take .
The original format was heavily focused on realistic storylines with ecological and political theme , while in the second season NBC shifted its focus to more out there science fiction ideas like aliens and time travel .
This jarring shift , coupled with some occasionally weak scripts and characterizations and a whole bunch of cast changes , the show almost completely collapsed before coming back for one last season as seaQuest 2032 , with the also great Michael Ironside taking over as captain .
Although some saw the darker third season as an improvement , the show still struggled mightily in the rating and was canceled after thirteen episodes .
Although seaQuest had its moments , it 's safe to say there 's still room for the next great submarine science fiction show .
( I will also settle for more Stingray . )
Advertisement
Top image by Kevin O'Neill , showing the Nautilus in League of Extraordinary Gentlemen .
What is film noir ?
Are they films about hard boiled detectives and seductive femme fatales ?
Are they about troubled heroes with soiled pasts that keep catching up with them ?
Are they all about black and white chiaroscuro lighting , dark offices with light shining in through the blinds , and cigarette smoke that takes on a life of its own ?
Maybe .
And maybe not .
What we do know is that the great film noirs were originally created as pulp B - movies that usually concerned private eyes , cops , and criminals .
One of the defining characteristics of the genre is that the characters all inhabited a grey area of morality .
But is that enough to qualify a movie as a film noir ?
For decades , film critics have debated about which movies count as film noir and some films have fallen in and out of favor for various reasons .
However , there has always been a short list of films that are universally agreed to be definitive examples of the genre .
Here , I have gathered ten classic era film noir movies for your consideration .
They are listed chronologically from the time that they first premiered .
So grab a fedora , a cigarette , and a bottle of whiskey , for these are the top ten classic era film noir .
10 . The Maltese Falcon
Directed by John Huston
Released on October 3 , 1941
Considered by many to be the very first film noir , John Huston ’s directorial debut would go down in history as one of the great detective movies .
The film is based on Dashiell Hammett ’s book ( also called The Maltese Falcon ) and star Humphrey Bogart in one of his best roles as private eye Sam Spade .
The story starts with the murder of Spade ’s partner Miles Archer .
Although he never really liked him , Spade is honor bound by his personal code of ethics to track down his killers .
Along the way he will get involved with the sultry Miss Wanderly and a group of criminals who seek a gold - encrusted falcon sculpture known as the Maltese Falcon .
As Spade gets closer and closer to discovering the identity of his partner ’s killer , he gets more and more involved with the search for the priceless statue .
Is the death of his partner linked with the statue ?
Why are so many people so desperate to find it ?
And how is the mysterious Miss Wanderly involved ?
Complete with evocative cinematography and camera angles that recall Citizen Kane ( released the same year ) , The Maltese Falcon is both a technical and thematic milestone for film noir- the characters and filming techniques continue to be emulated today .
Best Hardboiled Line
When a man ’s partner is killed , he ’s supposed to do something about it .
It does n’t make any difference what you thought of him .
He was your partner and you ’re supposed to do something about it .
And it happens we ’re in the detective business .
Well , when one of your organization gets killed , it ’s – it ’s bad business to let the killer get away with it , bad all around , bad for every detective everywhere .
9. Double Indemnity
Directed by Billy Wilder
Released on September 6 , 1944
Late one night , successful insurance salesman Walter Neff breaks into his office building in Los Angeles .
Bleeding and in pain , he begins to recite his story into a Dictaphone for his colleague Barton Keyes to find the next morning .
His story is one of deception and betrayal .
So begins Billy Wilder ’s gritty masterpiece , based on the book by James M Cain .
As we sit and watch , we learn how Walter began an affair with the captivating Phyllis Dietrichson , played by the ultimate femme fatale actress , Barbara Stanwyck .
It is n’t long before she convinces him to help her murder her husband , Mr. Dietrichson , in order to collect his life insurance money .
The trouble is , the murder must look like an accident in order for them to collect on his insurance ’s double indemnity clause .
The murder is done sloppily and it is n’t long before the authorities are on his trail .
Is it possible that he was betrayed ?
As more details come to light , it becomes evident that Phyllis is n’t who she claims she is .
Double Indemnity is one of the most influential film noirs ever made for its pioneering use of the femme fatale character archetype .
With one of the cinema ’s greatest plot twists and a performance by Stanwyck that would make Phyllis Dietrichson one of the greatest villains of all time , Double Indemnity has inspired countless imitators and remakes , including the superb 1981 neo -noir Body Heat .
Best Hardboiled Line
How could I have known that murder could sometimes smell like honeysuckle ?
8. Laura
Directed by Otto Preminger
Released on October 11 , 1944
There are some who would argue that film noir is the genre of obsession .
If that is true , then Laura is the shining jewel in the genre ’s crown .
It follows detective Mark McPherson as he investigates the death of famous advertising executive Laura Hunt .
Suspects include the venomous newspaper columnist Waldo Lydecker , the man who promoted Laura at the start of her career , her fiancé Shelby Carpenter , her rich aunt Ann Treadwell , and her housekeeper Bessie Clary .
As he begins to interview them , he begins to realize that every one of them was in love with Laura .
Even stranger , he discovers that he is beginning to fall in love with her as well , at least until Laura shows up alive one night at her front door .
Featuring a notoriously labyrinthine plot , Laura is a devastating murder mystery .
It develops a powerful intensity as the characters delve further and further into their own neuroses and motivations .
Universally praised when it first debuted , Laura has gained a powerful following as one of the great early film noirs .
With sumptuous cinematography that earned it an Academy Award , Laura is a fabulously beautiful film .
But you will be too obsessed with the plot to care .
Who killed Laura ?
And more importantly , who is Laura ?
Best Hardboiled Line
I shall never forget the weekend Laura died .
A silver sun burned through the sky like a huge magnifying glass .
It was the hottest Sunday in my recollection .
I felt as if I were the only human being left in New York …
I had just begun Laura ’s story when another of those detectives came to see me .
I had him wait .
7. Detour
Directed by Edgar G. Ulmer
Released on November 30 , 1945
Detour may take the prize as the purest distillation of film noir ever committed to film .
Made on a pitifully small budget with limited resources in six days , Detour features all the great noir clichés : a down and out protagonist running from his past , a foul - tempered femme fatale , stylized dialogue , and a moody , bleak voiceover .
It deals with a hitchhiker played by Tom Neal .
He hitches a ride with a businessman one night who complains about his previous passenger , a crazy woman who scratched him .
Much to the hitchhiker ’s dismay , the businessman dies .
He panics and throws his body into the desert and drives off .
Too bad his next passenger is a fiery redhead who asks him where the real driver of the car is .
She threatens to blackmail him because she knows that he has stolen the car .
In that moment , their destinies become linked and they plunge towards a tragic outcome that they cannot escape .
A filthy , messy production , Detour ’s flaws become its greatest strength .
It achieves a kind of transcendent power by wallowing in the filth of its story and creation .
It is a dim , weary , claustrophobic masterpiece that will haunt you for the rest of your life .
Just remember , be careful who you pick up by the side of the road at night …
Best Hardboiled Line
That ’s life .
Whichever way you turn , Fate sticks out a foot to trip you .
6. The Big Sleep
Directed by Howard Hawks
Released on August 23 , 1946
To sum up the plot of The Big Sleep in one paragraph is almost impossible .
It has what could very well be the most complicated plot in film noir history .
Even Raymond Chandler , the author of the book that it was based on , once famously admitted that he did n’t know the answer to all of the plot twists and holes .
But despite the nearly incomprehensible plot , The Big Sleep is universally regarded as one of the definitive masterpieces of the genre .
This time Humphrey Bogart plays the famous hardboiled detective character ( this time the famous Philip Marlowe ) .
He finds himself in the employ of the sick and dying General Sternwood , who asks him to keep an eye on his daughter Carmen who has fallen in with a bad group of people .
Too bad he is distracted by her beautiful older sister Mrs. Vivian Rutledge ( played by the amazing Lauren Bacall ) .
Things begin to get out of control as people start dying all around Marlowe and he gets involved with powerful criminals , an underground pornography ring , and several nasty cases of blackmail .
With some of the greatest sexual chemistry ever captured on screen with Bogart and Bacall , The Big Sleep is an intoxicating affair that will keep you fascinated long after the story has stopped making sense .
Best Hardboiled Lines
Vivian : ( speaking of horses ) I like to play them myself .
But I like to see them workout a little first , see if they ’re front runners or come from behind , find out what their whole card is , what makes them run .
Marlowe : Find out mine ?
Vivian : I think so .
Marlowe : Go ahead .
Vivian : I ’d say you do n’t like to be rated .
You like to get out in front , open up a little lead , take a little breather in the backstretch , and then come home free .
Marlowe :
You do n’t like to be rated yourself .
Vivian : I have n’t met anyone yet that can do it .
Any suggestions ?
Marlowe :
Well , I ca n’t tell till I ’ve seen you over a distance of ground .
You ’ve got a touch of class , but I do n’t know how , how far you can go .
Vivian : A lot depends on who ’s in the saddle .
5 . The Killers
Directed by Robert Siodmak
Released on August 28 , 1946
Based on the famous short story by Ernest Hemingway , The Killers is a tragically brutal film that leaves an impression that lasts long after it has ended .
It starts with one of the most famous opening scenes in film noir history where two hit men invade a small town and kill Ole Anderson ( aka The Swede ) who puts up no resistance .
The original short story was fairly short , so The Killers takes great pleasure in extrapolating the story and exploring the characters and their pasts .
We learn that the Swede ( played by Burt Lancaster ) used to be a member of a gang of thieves whom he was pushed into betraying by femme fatale Kitty Collins Colfax ( played by Ava Gardner ) .
Like so many film noir characters , the Swede is fully aware of his transgressions and knows that he cannot escape his fate .
And so he greets his punishment like a man instead of trying to escape from it , as so many other film noir characters would .
We then follow an investigator and a police detective as they struggle to track down his killers and bring them to justice .
The Killers is a powerful story that fully deserves it reputation as a classic film noir .
Best Hardboiled Lines
Do n’t ask a dying man to lie his soul into Hell .
and
If there ’s one thing in this world I hate , it ’s a double - crossing dame .
4 . Out of the Past
Directed by Jacques Tourneur
Released on November 13 , 1947
A perennial favorite by film critics and directors alike , Out of the Past is universally regarded as one of the definitive examples of film noir .
It has all of the bells and whistles of great noir : stunning chiaroscuro cinematography , a beautiful femme fatale , and an intricate storyline .
But key to its charm is the lead , Jeff Bailey ( Robert Mitchum ) , who like the title indicates , is running from a past that he cannot escape from .
At the start of the film , we find Bailey as the operator of a small town gas station .
But one day , he is forced to meet with a gambler named Whit Sterling .
On the way to the meeting , he confesses his past to his girlfriend .
It turns out that he was once a private eye who was hired by Sterling to find his mistress Kathie after she shot him and stole $ 40,000 from him .
Bailey managed to track her down to Acapulco .
Too bad he ended up falling in love with her .
But one murder and terrible discovery later , he decided to leave her .
Now , his past has caught up with him as he travels to meet the man that he betrayed .
The only problem is that when he confronts Sterling , Kathie is there .
What do they want ?
Why is she there ?
Have Sterling and Kathie gotten back together after she shot and betrayed him ?
And what do they want with Bailey ?
Just as questions beget more questions , one man ’s past will lead him to an uncertain future .
It is up for the audience to make the final judgment concerning the sad , strange case of Jeff Bailey .
Best Hardboiled Line
My feelings ?
About ten years ago , I hid them somewhere and have n’t been able to find them .
3. Pickup on South Street
Directed by Samuel Fuller
Released on June 17 , 1953
On a crowded subway in New York City , a small time pickpocket named Skip McCoy steals a wallet .
To him , it ’s no big deal .
After all , it ’s just another job for him .
Unbeknownst to him is the fact that the woman he robbed was carrying a microfilm of stolen top - secret government information that was destined for a group of Communists .
With the incredibly vital information in the hands of a common thief , both the police and the Communists start to track him down .
Too bad Mr. McCoy does n’t care about the welfare of his country or his civic duty .
To him , it is an opportunity to make a bundle from the highest bidder .
As he slips away from the police and the Communists , it is up to Candy , the woman he robbed , to find him and get the microfilm back .
To many , this plot may seem too political to justify it as film noir .
But politics are not the focus of this film .
Instead , it is the conflicts and motivations of the characters that make it a genuine film noir .
One of the distinguishing characteristics of film noir are characters who have murky morals or who do n’t play by the rules set by their profession , such as corrupt cops or noble criminals .
Here in Pickup on South Street , we have a thief who cares more about money than his country , a prostitute ( Candy ) , as a love interest , and a snitch named Moe ( played by the delightful Thelma Ritter ) as a noble martyr who dearly loves , and dies for , the people that she sells out to the cops .
Filmed during the height of McCarthyism , the idea of a protagonist who would willingly sell out his country to the Reds was unheard of .
Yet we come to love and sympathize with him and the other dregs of society who inhabit his seedy world of crime and vice .
It is the characters who make Pickup on South Street as genuine a film noir as the other entries on this list .
Best Hardboiled Line
Are you waving the flag at me ?
2. The Big Heat
Directed by Fritz Lang
Released on October 14 , 1953
The Big Heat is a brutally violent and intense film , yet most of the violence and death takes place off screen .
That does n’t stop it from being one of the most intense noir films ever made .
It all starts with the death of a police sergeant .
The detective assigned to the case , Dave Bannion , thinks that foul play may be involved .
Bannion has reason to believe that a powerful gang of criminals has infiltrated the police force and bumped the sergeant off .
But the department ’s higher ups force the case closed and one of the only witnesses willing to provide information is murdered .
Enraged , he insults the suspected mob boss only to have his wife killed with a car bomb as a result .
This puts him on a war path of furious vengeance as he swears to take the culprits down .
Using every method at his disposal and the help of the gangster ’s girlfriend Debbie , he cuts a path of violence and anger through all the obstacles in his way .
Notorious for its violence , including a scene where a pot of boiling coffee is splashed onto a woman ’s face , The Big Heat was daring for its time and still shocking for those who watch it now .
Best Hardboiled Line
Prisons are bulging with dummies who wonder how they got there .
1. Sweet Smell of Success
Directed by Alexander Mackendrick
Released on June 27 , 1957
In the city of New York , your reputation is everything .
If you are not careful , it could easily be destroyed overnight .
Or it could be protected , for the right price .
Such is the world of Sweet Smell of Success , the gritty , grimy noir from famous screenwriter Ernest Lehman ( he also wrote the screenplays for Sound of Music and North by Northwest ) .
Director Alexander Mackendrick , who had made his name doing comedies for England ’s Ealing Studios , transforms New York City into a dystopia soaked with jazz , smoke , and criminals .
We follow Sidney Falco ( Tony Curtis ) , a press agent without the burdens of morality .
He is hired by J.J. Hunsecker , New York ’s premier newspaper columnist , to stop his sister from marrying Steve Dallas , a fresh , young jazz guitarist .
So , Sidney plants some reefer on him and spreads rumors that he is a Communist .
Things work at first and the relationship is destroyed .
But that is n’t the end for Sidney - he is summoned to Hunsecker ’s penthouse only to find the sister attempting suicide .
Hunsecker walks in on Sidney saving her and accuses him of rape .
From there , fates are decided and lives are destroyed as the truth comes out .
In this powerful film , nobody is innocent .
Featuring one of the most unequivocally quotable and memorable screenplays ever written , you will be quoting its lines and remembering its characters for the rest of your life .
Best Hardboiled Line
It ’s a dirty job , but I pay clean money for it .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
Kate Kelly has the obvious answer to the question of what on earth Goldman Sachs was doing with that 45 - 50 % super - senior tranche : " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Kate Kelly has the obvious answer to the question of what on earth Goldman Sachs was doing with that 45 - 50 % super - senior tranche :
“ The core of the SEC ’s case is the allegation that one employee misled two professional investors by failing to disclose the role of another market participant in a transaction , ” said Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein said in a recent message to employees .
The firm “ assumed risk in the deal , and we lost money , ” he added .
But Goldman invested the money only because sales of the deal did n’t play out as planned , forcing Goldman to step up with its own money , people familiar with the matter say .
This is surely exactly right .
We ’ve already seen that it took Goldman a full five weeks after the deal closed just to wrap the 45 % of the super - senior tranche that it did manage to get off its books — and it did so at the end of May 2007 , when the mortgage market was hitting three - month highs and there was a lot of hope in the market that the early - 2007 crash in the ABX index had been a short - lived aberration .
Here ’s my theory of what happened : Goldman intended to wrap the super - senior tranche with ACA more or less at exactly the same time as the deal closed .
But it could n’t come to terms with ACA on the question of posting collateral : ACA , which only had a single - A rating even then , wanted a Berkshire Hathaway - style deal whereby it did n’t need to post collateral on a day - to - day basis and just needed to pay out once there was a credit event .
That was n’t acceptable to Goldman ’s risk managers , which spent a good amount of time putting a deal together whereby ABN Amro would buy the wrap from ACA , and in turn would sell insurance to Goldman while posting collateral as necessary .
But the price rose when Goldman had to go through ABN Amro , and so Goldman ended up offloading only the top 45 % of the 50 % super - senior tranche .
The rest it kept on its own books as a trading position , looking to sell that unwanted long position on an opportunistic basis .
And then Goldman ran out of time : before it could sell the position , the structure had started imploding , and Goldman was stuck with $ 90 + million of losses .
Which now Blankfein and Goldman are trying to turn into some kind of virtue .
This is one of those things a bit like the argument saying that ACA rejected half of Paulson ’s picks : making the argument involves making a subtle implication that the case would be stronger were these facts not true .
Is Goldman saying that the SEC ’s case would be stronger if ACA had not rejected any of Paulson ’s picks ?
Is it saying that the SEC ’s case would be stronger if Goldman had managed to wrap the whole super - senior tranche and had ended up making a profit on the deal ?
Because it ’s pretty obvious that Goldman would have been perfectly happy with the outcome in both those cases , and still would n’t have disclosed anything more than it did .
Of course , you ca n’t sue a bank for not disclosing information in a hypothetical deal which never actually happened .
But the legal case is only half the point , and not even the more important half .
The ethical case is what matters , and Goldman ’s doing a very bad job of answering that one .
Israel will grant citizenship to the Indian woman who saved the life of a 2 - year - old boy whose parents were murdered in the terrorist attack on the Chabad House in Mumbai in November 2008 .
Rabbi Gavriel Holztberg and his wife Rivka , the Chabad movement 's envoys to Mumbai , were among six people killed when Islamist terrorists attacked the movement 's headquarters .
After a two - day standoff , four Israelis , an American Jew and a Mexican Jewish woman were dead .
Open gallery view Sandra Samuel , the Indian woman who saved Moshe Holtzberg in the Chabad Mumbai attack Credit : CNN
Their son Moshe was saved because his Indian nanny , Sandra Samuel , managed to orchestrate their escape from the besieged house .
Samuel came back to Israel with Moshe following the attack , where she continued to care for him at his grandparents ' home in Afula .
Interior Minister Eli Yishai called the decision to grant Samuel citizenship a humanitarian step that must be taken for somebody who saves a Jewish life .
During the siege of the Chabad House , Samuel had locked herself in a laundry room when she heard Moshe 's mother Rivka screaming , ' Sandra help ! '
" Then the screaming stopped , and it was quiet , " said Robert Katz , a New York - based fund - raiser for an Israeli orphanage founded by the boy 's family .
She cracked open the door of her hiding place and saw a deserted staircase .
She ran up one flight and saw the rabbi and his wife , covered in blood and shot to death .
She snatched the crying boy , bolted down the stairs and out of the building .
" She 's been there with him throughout , " Katz said .
Though Samuel had no passport or papers , Moshe 's grand - uncle , Rabbi Yitzchak David Grossman , helped arrange for her to get a visa to Israel .
The terrorists struck ten different locations across Mumbai , in attacks that left 166 people dead and hundreds wounded , while many were taken hostage .
Electric roads get real in Tel Aviv Tel Aviv is about to ride down Electric Avenue .
The city which has ironically doubled its taxes to local businesses during a Covid - 19 shutdown , aims to take some progressive measures to make its city smart .
Read more
Plastic packaging alternative tastes sweet Plastics are the bane of our existence .
We all want to use less without changing much about the convenience or ordering Chinese take - away .
from the same country that brought us Waze to help us get around cities , is W - Cycle , a company that tackles plastic one - time use products by turning them into sugar .
Read more
Nature study : Bacteria could be best vaccine against Covid - 19 Bacteria can be added to fashion , as living eco-couture , those working with Eshel Ben -Jacob discovered .
A team at an Israeli university find that bacteria might play a role in a vaccine against Covid - 19 .
Read more
Eco Bible gives ethical green compass to the woke generation A pair of eco-rabbis in Jerusalem have taken the Bible , also known as the Torah in Hebrew , and found hundreds of passages in it relating to ecology , animal rights , regenerative agriculture , the 3Rs and more , and have found a way to make old ideas relevant to us all in modern times .
Read more
Investing in green bonds with RE Royalties and Peter Leighton
How fast countries support businesses and award tenders for solar power plants and wind turbines depends not only on governments but the corporate funding mechanisms in place and the people who want to support green energy .
Read more
Beirut design studio repairs people and culture after the blast Lebanese designers from the much - loved embroidery collective Bokja in Beirut have offered to suture and repair home furnishings damaged in the Beirut explosion on August 4 .
Read more
It Rained Cannabis In Tel Aviv Today VIDEO
Hundreds of 2 - gram bags containing marijuana dropped out of the sky over Rabin Square , for the comfort and delight of the population enduring pandemic times .
It was the brainchild of a Telegram group calling themselves “ Green Drone , ” who champions making cannabis legal in Israel .
Green Drone published a mysterious message on Telegram before releasing cannabis [ … ]
Read more
Banks burning the Amazon
The list of banks supporting damaging practices to the Amazon include Banco do Brasil , Rabobank , and JPMorgan Chase .
Read more
Plants going extinct faster than we thought Plants :
They seem more resilient than we are .
And there are so many wild places in the world that they can take over .
But a new study reveals that along with large mammals , amphibian and creatures of the sea , plants are going extinct faster than we thought possible .
Time to start saving seeds .
And not [ … ]
Read more
Regenerative agriculture the solution , says Woody Harrelson Building on what was before now , a new film narrated by Woody Harrelson offers a solution to the pickle we are in - or the pickle we think we are in .
Regenerative agriculture .
Read more
Amazon rainforest cruises will touch your heart and soul Environmentalists agree :
The mother of all cruises would never be a Princess Cruise to Venice or the Caribbean : it ’s a cruise through one of the still wild places in the world – through the Amazon .
Read more
3 Types of Commercial Solar Cold Email
Feel you are reaching out to a forest of abyss ?
Even greentech companies like solar energy need good sales skills .
Here 's how .
Read more
Taking an Idea and Turning it Into a Business : With Brian Mingham
These students take an idea like waste coffee grounds , test a hypothesis and if it works can turn science into a cleantech company .
This is how business and eco can make an impact .
Read more
5 Ways to Improve the Environment in Your Own Home
The environment of your home is essential .
It appeals to almost all of our senses and it can help alleviate all of our stressors too .
Covid - 19 has made every single one of us acutely aware to how important the home is to our everyday well - being and sanity .
Read more
Can Cannabis Make You More Creative ?
The suggestion of using marijuana to increase your creativity might have you scoffing .
There ’s a difference , after all , between the random musings of your friendly neighborhood stoner and actual creative ideas that make sense .
Read more
The Environmental Impact of Dentistry Look out for an eco dentist to avoid exposure to dangerous chemicals at a young age .
Read more
Online Poker – The Eco-Friendly Alternative
The impact of live poker and associated travelling can be reduced by playing more online poker and we look at the possibilities and options players have in the 21st century .
Read more
Why Dubai ’s man -made islands are still empty Dubai overspent and the real estate market crashed .
A series of man-made mega projects are in danger of collapse and are now pretty much abandoned .
Environmental concerns , stagnant ponds , and migrant worker rights .
The visions envisioned by the architects went up in a puff of sand .
Facebook Comments Read more
Frank Salter is a giant in the intellectual defense of White identity and interests .
His book On Genetic Interests is a breakthrough in providing a rigorous conception of ethnic interests based on evolutionary theory and modern research in genetics and the social sciences .
Salter has just published a wonderful article in Quadrant , an Australian neocon publication ( “ On misguided advocates of open borders “ ) .
It is a masterpiece of elegant argumentation and a complete trashing of his professorial opponent , the unfortunate Mirko Bagaric , who seems almost ludicrously unaware of the most basic academic literature bearing on the issue .
The good news is that it ’s an excellent introduction to Salter ’s thinking –much recommended .
Prof .
Bagaric believes that all the world ’s ills could be solved if the poor people were allowed to immigrate to places like Australia .
Instantly world poverty would be solved !
What ’s not to like ?
Salter lists the downsides to this idea–all of which apply equally well to other Western societies similarly bent on open borders self - destruction .
Diversity is associated with “ reduced democracy , slowed economic growth , falling social cohesion and foreign aid , as well as rising corruption and risk of civil conflict . ”
Ethnic diversity is also associated with “ reduced public altruism or social capital , evident in falling volunteerism , government welfare for the aged and sick , public health care and a general loss of trust .
Ethnic diversity is second only to lack of democracy in predicting civil war .
Globally it correlates negatively with governmental efficiency and prosperity . ”
Critically , he points to “ invidious ethnic stratification ” as an inevitable result : “ No one likes to be ruled over by a different ethnic group or to see his own people worse off than others .
The result is resentment or contempt , depending on the perspective taken . ”
Ethnocentrism is not a
White disorder and evidence is emerging that immigrant communities harbour invidious attitude towards Anglo Australians , disparaging their culture and the legitimacy of their central place in national identity .
Sound familiar ?
These are all the things that Westerners can look forward to as they become minorities in the societies they built and dominated for hundreds of years .
This resentment and contempt will produce enormous unrest in Western societies , and ultimately it will result in violence directed at White people perpetrated by ethnic groups with deep historical grudges against their erstwhile benefactors .
Salter also emphasizes the general point that everyone has rights and interests .
People who argue for open borders argue solely from the rights and interests of people who ( naturally ) want to go to a place where they have a higher standard of living .
They never take the perspective of the natives .
Egocentrism writ large .
As Salter argues , the open borders movement is profoundly immoral .
The other consistent strand of Salter ’s thinking is that this horrifying state of affairs has resulted from the domination of elite forms of discourse by advocates for open borders among academic , media , and political elites .
The egregious standard of analysis behind open borders advocacy is not an aberration .
It is deeply embedded at the elite level of Australian political culture .
The problem lies with an influential tradition well established within the universities and intellectual class as a whole . …
The rapid transformation of Australia by mass Third World immigration has been a top - down revolution in which exclusivist politicised circles within academia have been complicit by commission and omission .
There are other factors as well .
For example , Salter points to a collusion of self - censorship on immigration by self - interested politicians bent on obtaining support from immigrant constituencies .
But the role of elite academics should never be underestimated .
Not one Australian academic stood up to point out the shoddiness of Bagaric ’s arguments .
The revolution in the academic world that toppled Darwinian social science in favor of erecting the culture of critique is critical to the demise of White nation states .
In my view , this revolution was at its core an ethnic revolution , resulting from the rise of a Jewish intellectual elite , Jewish ownership and influence in the media , and Jewish influence on the political process .
It is not surprising that the revolution that caused the impending increase in ethnic hatred and conflict in Western societies was itself the result of ethnic hatred and conflict .
The power and rigor of Salter ’s ideas are a huge asset in combating the suicidal tide sweeping all White countries .
While Dwayne Wade , Lebron James and Chris Bosh prepare to select their teams for the next 5 to 6 years , Chicago Bulls staple and legend Michael Jordan is gearing up to return to the video game basketball scene in NBA 2K11 .
2K Games calls the upcoming Michael Jordan cover for NBA 2K11 “ possibly be the most highly anticipated cover art in the history of sports games . ”
It ’s certainly a departure from anything they ’ve done in the past with Jordan ’s signature tongue sticking out and “ The Greatest of All - Time ” stamped across the top .
“ Its exciting to see it all come together , ” said Jordan about the game ’s progress .
“ I am looking forward to seeing the final product , but my kids might have to give me some lessons . ”
NBA 2K11 will be released this October on Xbox 360 , PS3 , PS2 , Wii and the PC .
In a town so infamously opposed to formula retail , one might think that the proposed Target store at Geary and Masonic — which , while not a “ done deal , ” is well on its way and could open as early as 2012 — would foster a virulent anti big - box reaction .
This is not the case — and indeed , could not be further from the truth .
“ There ’s not any anti-Wal - mart kind of sentiment at all — in fact , there ’s very positive sentiment , ” said Supervisor Eric Mar , who said he can remember shopping at the site back when it used to be a Sears .
( The Appeal ’s Twitter followers seem to agree . )
The positives that a Target store could bring are legion : jobs , tax base , an anchor around which other vacant storefronts in the area could be filled .
And yes , this a progressive supervisor talking .
“ There are some concerns about a big chain store moving in , but the reaction from the community is mostly positive , ” Mar added .
“ Especially considering how long the Mervyn ’s has been closed . ”
Mar represents merchants further west down Geary from the current site , which used to house among other things the Sears , the Mervyn ’s and a Best Buy .
Supervisor Michela Alioto - Pier , who does represent the immediate area , is also in favor of a Target , according to members of her staff .
And why not ?
It used to be big - box retail , there ’s big - box retail already in the area , and it ’s at the intersection of two major San Francisco thoroughfares .
Where else would you put a stinking Target ?
Per Appeal commenters who asked how traffic from a presumably bustling business like Target might impact the intersection of Geary and Masonic , The Appeal did ask the SFMTA their thoughts on the matter , but have yet to receive a response .
We ’ll update if and when we do .
Concerns like that will probably be raised again at SF ’s Planning Commission , which Target will have to face as chain business hoping to open in San Francisco .
Target ’s ready , we ’re told , as the retailer has already began applying for the necessary permits .
Attorney Jim Reuben , who is representing the property owners wishing to lease the area to Target , could not offer any comment .
However , as the SF Business Times reported today , it ’s not the only site at which Target is eying with its big bullseye of an eye : the Metreon at Mission and Fourth Streets and a new 375,000 square - foot space at Mid-Market are both on the Minnesota retail giant ’s radar .
Mark Zuckerberg Kim Komenich / San Francisco Chronicle / Corbis
That ’s the take from journalist David Kirkpatrick , who got unprecedented access to the Facebook founder as part of his new book , “ The Facebook Effect . ”
In the book , released today , Kirkpatrick charts the fascinating story of Facebook ’s development , growing outward from a Harvard dorm room in 2004 to a behemoth with nearly 500 million active users clicking around today .
But history aside , the book ’s real value is in Kirkpatrick ’s access to Zuckerberg .
After hours spent with the Facebook king , Kirkpatrick portrays Zuckerberg as a coder more than a CEO , a philosopher more than a businessman , a 26 - year - old who has consistently avoided selling out because he sees Facebook as his way to change the world .
It ’s a perception that is at odds with how Zuckerberg is typically portrayed .
I chatted with Kirkpatrick shortly after Facebook released a set of sweeping changes to its privacy controls , a time when many in the press theorized Zuckerberg pushed users to be more open as a way to advance the company ’s advertising platform , which is dependent on user interests and data .
Kirkpatrick insists that for Zuckerberg , Facebook has never been about building an advertising platform .
“ The idea that any of that is done for commercial reasons in order to advantage their opportunities to sell advertising , he considers insulting , ” Kirkpatrick says .
“ This is the Zuckerberg people really need to understand , the guy who is doing it to change the world , not to make money . ”
That ’s a notion carried throughout the book .
Kirkpatrick charts the myriad attempts by Viacom , Microsoft and others to purchase Facebook , and Zuckerberg ’s hesitancy to seriously consider a sale at any point , even with offers north of $ 1 billion on the table .
He also shows how Zuckerberg was able to emulate one of his business mentors , the Washington Post ‘s Donald Graham , to craft an arrangement where he controls the majority of Facebook ’s board seats .
That ensures Zuckerberg retains unilateral control over his company — control he uses to keep pushing the world to be more open , not for the revenue but for the social implications .
“ I do n’t think there ’s a company of its scale that sees itself this way , ” Kirkpatrick says .
“ There ’s no company of its scale that ’s controlled by one individual .
There ’s no company of its scale that ’s run by a 26 - year - old who ’s doing it because he wants to change the world .
There are so many things about Facebook that are bizarrely unique . ”
And that gives Kirkpatrick plenty of ammunition for a fascinating book .
Nearly 18,000 people have died in drugs - related violence since 2006 Mexico 's authorities say that two of the country 's most powerful drugs cartels have overcome their rivalry to form an alliance against a third .
Ramon Pequeno , head of the Mexican anti-narcotics police , said the Gulf and La Familia cartels were now fighting a group called the Zetas .
They are fighting over a lucrative drug transit point on the US border .
The Zetas began as hitmen for the Gulf cartel in the 1990s but recently pushed for their own share of the drugs trade .
Believed to have emerged from among Mexican army deserters , they are notorious for their readiness to behead victims .
Their criminal activities are believed to include drug - trafficking , extortion , migrant - smuggling and kidnapping .
Nearly 18,000 people have been killed in drugs - related violence in Mexico since 2006 .
Some 40,000 soldiers have been sent to border regions to fight the cartels .
' War on everybody '
The shift in allegiances is apparently fuelling drug - related violence along Mexico 's border with Texas .
The Zetas have been trying to wage war on everybody for a while
Will Glaspy
US anti-drugs official Intelligence reports indicated the Gulf cartel had recruited La Familia to crush the Zetas in the border state of Tamaulipas , said Mr Pequeno .
An official with the US Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) said a third cartel , the Sinaloa , had also joined the alliance against the Zetas .
" It 's an issue of a common enemy , " Will Glaspy , head of the DEA office in the border town of McAllen , told the Associated Press news agency .
Banners began appearing in Tamaulipas earlier this year announcing the campaign by " the cartels of Mexico united against the Zetas " .
One banner even urged President Felipe Calderon to withdraw the army and let the new alliance exterminate the Zetas , AP notes .
Another which was hung from bridges read : " The Gulf Cartel separates itself from the Z [ ie the Zetas ] in our ranks .
We do n't want kidnappers , terrorists , bank robbers , rapists , child killers and traitors . "
Videos and e-mails were sent around warning families to stay at home , saying the conflict would get worse .
Mr Pequeno said that La Familia , whose stronghold is in the Pacific coast state of Michoacan , had sent a large number of gunmen across the country to Tamaulipas to help the Gulf cartel wipe out Los Zetas .
" The Zetas have been trying to wage war on everybody for a while , " Mr Glaspy added .
" It 's been well documented that the Gulf cartel has formed alliances with the Sinaloa cartel and [ La Familia ] to wage war against the Zetas . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When you were in school , you probably asked the question , why do I have to take statistics ? ”
Your adviser told you : “ because it ’s required for the degree . ”
“ But why , ” you said “ why would I ever need to use statistics ? ”
Everybody who has completed high school has learned some statistics .
There are good reasons for that .
Your class grades were averages of scores you received for tests and other efforts .
Most of your classes were graded on a curve , requiring the concepts of the Normal distribution , standard deviations , and confidence limits .
Your scores on standardized tests , like the SAT , were presented in percentiles .
You learned about pie and bar charts , scatter plots , and maybe other ways to display data .
You might even have learned about equations for lines and some elementary curves .
So by the time you got to the prom , you were exposed to at least enough statistics to read USA Today .
In college , you ’ll find that most majors require some statistics .
Why ?
Consider the following .
Statistics is an integral part of everyday life in America .
Without statistics , there would be no U.S. Census , IRS audits , Nielsen ratings of TV shows , political polls , and consumer preference surveys .
Our society could n’t function without being able to figure out tax brackets , insurance rates , stock prices , and online matchmaking .
We could n’t predict the outcome of elections before the polls close .
There would be no standardized tests , no ACT , GRE , TOEFL , MBTI , or CATs ( MCAT , LCAT , PCAT , and VCAT ) .
Amazon.com could n’t tell us what we want to buy .
Baseball announcers would have nothing to talk about between pitches .
It would be anarchy .
If you ’re still not convinced that you need to learn statistics , keep reading .
The use of statistics is common to almost all fields of inquiry — social and natural sciences , sports , business , education , library and information science , and even music and art .
Its popularity is attributable at least in part to its applicability to any type of data .
Statistical methods can be used for analyzing data based on natural laws , theories , or nothing in particular .
If you can measure it , you can analyze it with statistics .
If you ’re creative enough , you can even analyze things you ca n’t measure very well .
So why do your advisors want you to take statistics ?
Here are a few of the reasons .
Statistics provide a starting point and a course of action — If you ’re in the natural sciences , you ’ll probably have some basic principles , laws , or at least theories to start with in analyzing data .
Even some of those were discovered or verified by statistical observation .
If you ’re in the social sciences , business , economics , or most other fields , though , you ’re got little to go on besides statistics .
Anecdotes are n’t worth much .
Statistics gives you a place to start by having you focus on the population , so you know what to sample , and the phenomenon , so you know what to measure and how to measure it .
Once you have laid this groundwork , statistics has you define alternative hypotheses to weigh and provide a variety of methods to analyze the data .
— If you ’re in the natural sciences , you ’ll probably have some basic principles , laws , or at least theories to start with in analyzing data .
Even some of those were discovered or verified by statistical observation .
If you ’re in the social sciences , business , economics , or most other fields , though , you ’re got little to go on besides statistics .
Anecdotes are n’t worth much .
Statistics gives you a place to start by having you focus on the population , so you know what to sample , and the phenomenon , so you know what to measure and how to measure it .
Once you have laid this groundwork , statistics has you define alternative hypotheses to weigh and provide a variety of methods to analyze the data .
Statistics give you more ways to analyze data —
Statistics is a colossal workshop with more tools than you could ever use in a career .
Statistics allows you to describe , correlate , detect differences , group , separate , reorganize , identify , predict , smooth , and model .
And it ’s not just the variety of tools for doing different things , there are also many tools for doing the same thing in different ways .
Want to find the center of a data distribution ?
You can use the arithmetic mean , the geometric mean , the harmonic mean , trimmed and winsorized means , weighted means , the median , the trimean , or the mode .
Each has its own special use , like the variety of types of screwdrivers used by a mechanic .
With a statistician ’s toolbox , you can gain far more insight from your data than you might from any other type of analysis .
— Statistics is a colossal workshop with more tools than you could ever use in a career .
Statistics allows you to describe , correlate , detect differences , group , separate , reorganize , identify , predict , smooth , and model .
And it ’s not just the variety of tools for doing different things , there are also many tools for doing the same thing in different ways .
Want to find the center of a data distribution ?
You can use the arithmetic mean , the geometric mean , the harmonic mean , trimmed and winsorized means , weighted means , the median , the trimean , or the mode .
Each has its own special use , like the variety of types of screwdrivers used by a mechanic .
With a statistician ’s toolbox , you can gain far more insight from your data than you might from any other type of analysis .
Statistics examine both accuracy and precision — Any marksman will tell you that it ’s not enough to be able to hit a target .
You have to be able to hit it where you aim and do it consistency .
That ’s accuracy and precision .
Many analytical techniques focus on accuracy and forget all about precision .
But variability , uncertainty , and risk do n’t go away by just ignoring them .
Statistics is all about understanding variability .
— Any marksman will tell you that it ’s not enough to be able to hit a target .
You have to be able to hit it where you aim and do it consistency .
That ’s accuracy and precision .
Many analytical techniques focus on accuracy and forget all about precision .
But variability , uncertainty , and risk do n’t go away by just ignoring them .
Statistics is all about understanding variability .
Statistics examine both trends and anomalies — Most forms of analysis focus on finding similarities and patterns in data .
Statistics , in particular , can be used to find linear and nonlinear trends , cycles , steps , shocks , clusters , and many other types of groupings .
What ’s more , statistics can be used to identify and explore divergent or anomalous cases , which do n’t fit general patterns .
Sometimes it is these outliers rather than the trends that reveal the information most crucial in an analysis .
— Most forms of analysis focus on finding similarities and patterns in data .
Statistics , in particular , can be used to find linear and nonlinear trends , cycles , steps , shocks , clusters , and many other types of groupings .
What ’s more , statistics can be used to identify and explore divergent or anomalous cases , which do n’t fit general patterns .
Sometimes it is these outliers rather than the trends that reveal the information most crucial in an analysis .
Statistics tells you how much information you need — In data analysis , more is not always better .
It ’s not unusual to have too much data to make sense of using only graphs and tables .
Statistics provides a variety of ways to help you decide about how many samples you need to achieve a certain objective .
Statistics provides ways to judge the quality of the data and compensate for misleading variability .
Statistics can also tell you if your data are redundant , and if so , provide ways to reassemble the data more efficiently .
— In data analysis , more is not always better .
It ’s not unusual to have too much data to make sense of using only graphs and tables .
Statistics provides a variety of ways to help you decide about how many samples you need to achieve a certain objective .
Statistics provides ways to judge the quality of the data and compensate for misleading variability .
Statistics can also tell you if your data are redundant , and if so , provide ways to reassemble the data more efficiently .
Statistics provide standardization —
You can usually convince people who are reviewing your work that your data analysis is legitimate because it uses well - known , professionally accepted , statistical procedures .
Likewise , it ’s easier to use statistics as the basis for any standardized procedures you specify that others use because most people know some statistics .
For example , Government regulations frequently require the use of statistics to report and analyze data sets , such as crime rates , pharmaceutical effectiveness , environmental impact , occupational safety , public health , and educational testing .
So you see , statistics has a lot to offer you , whether there is a strong theoretical basis to your field of practice or not .
That ’s why your advisers want you to learn about it .
Read more about using statistics at the Stats with Cats blog .
Join other fans at the Stats with Cats Facebook group and the Stats with Cats Facebook page .
Order Stats with Cats : The Domesticated Guide to Statistics , Models , Graphs , and Other Breeds of Data Analysis at Wheatmark , amazon.com , barnesandnoble.com , or other online booksellers .
LHASA , Tibet —
The young monk once again found himself in front of microphones and television cameras .
It was much the same as on March 28 , 2008 , when the monk , Norgye , and dozens of fellow monks barged into a temple chamber where foreign journalists were being escorted around by Chinese government officials .
The monks had then cried out , “ Tibet is not free . ”
This time , on Tuesday , Norgye had a different message : he had been punished through patriotic re-education , and he had repented .
“ I was n’t beaten or tortured , ” he said .
“ We had to learn more about the law .
Through education about the law , I realized what we had done in the past was wrong and was against the law . ”
Norgye , 29 , who like many Tibetans goes by one name , was speaking in the ancient inner sanctum of Lhasa ’s Jokhang Temple , the holiest shrine in Tibetan Buddhism .
During the 10 - minute interview , he was watched carefully by government employees from Beijing and Lhasa , as well as by Laba , an older monk who was the director of the temple ’s administrative office .
They were the escorts for a group of foreign journalists who were on a tightly scripted , five - day government tour of the Tibet Autonomous Region , which is usually closed to foreign journalists .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
OGDEN , Utah ( AP ) -- A
Utah man has pleaded no contest to bobcat poaching after authorities secretly installed a GPS on his truck to track his movements .
The 42 - year - old North Ogden man , Jared Evans Beal , says police had no right to venture on his property without a warrant to install the GPS device .
The Utah Court of Appeals , however , refused to hear that complaint .
Beal pleaded no contest on last month to four poaching charges as prosecutors dropped eight other counts of wanton destruction of protected wildlife .
Beal will be sentenced July 22 .
Prosecutors are recommending a penalty of 30 days in jail with work release .
Authorities used the GPS to track Beal to 35 trap sites across northern
Utah three winters ago .
------
Information from : Standard - Examiner
( Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
Discover a library of the awesome video apps for Mac , ranging from simple video conversion applications to full - fledged video editors focused on professionals .
Choose a video editing software that suits you best among hundreds of all - rounder apps with a set of unique features each .
A HEROIN - addicted sex offender has won custody of his young daughter because the girl 's mother is considered an even more unsuitable parent .
Child protection campaigners yesterday lashed the Federal Magistrates '
Court decision to leave the girl in such conditions as outrageous and " defying logic " .
Granting custody of the girl , aged about 5 , to the father , the court branded the mother dishonest and criticised her continuing drug use .
The court heard the mother , who has shoplifting and prostitution - related convictions and a history of drug use , left the labour ward to buy heroin soon after giving birth .
The father , who also has a string of convictions , was put on the sex offenders ' list after being convicted of wilful and obscene exposure .
The girl , who has behavioural problems and a speech impediment , has suffered serious injuries .
Her plight was reported to the Department of Human Services last year after she was treated for a serious burn to her buttocks .
Each parent blamed the other for it .
The girl also had injuries from a dog bite and once suffered an injury from being hit with a shoe .
The couple separated soon after the birth , and the father is reported to have been violent to the mother .
But , despite concerns he had taken drugs as recently as last December , and kept a knife and sword collection , the court last month ruled the girl should live with him .
" The father provides calmer parenting with more clearly set boundaries than the mother does , " the magistrate said .
" A history of inadequate supervision combined with heroin and marijuana use create a serious concern that ( the girl ) may be neglected by her mother . "
The girl will spend two out of three weekends with her mother .
The court gave the father custody because the mother continued to use drugs and " had been dishonest with the court " .
Her drug - screening tests repeatedly indicated the presence of benzodiazepines and opiates .
She was even suspected of once taking drugs while in the court precinct arguing for custody .
Her home was once described as filthy and strewn with vomit and faecal material , though the court accepted its cleanliness was usually " probably in an acceptable range " .
The father is on a disability pension and has n't worked in almost 10 years because of depression .
" There was no evidence ( he ) is making any notable contribution to society , " the court said .
It said he " was using drugs or doing something else he did not want to admit " as recently as last September , and had lied about his whereabouts when meant to be caring for his daughter .
But he was making progress with his addictions .
It ordered him to dispose of his weapons .
The Australian Childhood Foundation 's Joe Tucci said the decision " defies logic " .
" Children should n't ever be placed in a situation where the rights of the parents . . . override their right to protection , " he said .
" The decision should be about whether a child is safe or not , not which parent is the better to look after them .
" The community expects children to be looked after by their parents , and if the parents fail this then the courts need to look after them . "
Child protection campaigner Hetty Johnston said the ruling was " outrageously dangerous " .
" There 's no way staying with either parent should have even been an option .
This is n't in the best interests of the child , " she said .
A Department of Human Services spokesman said it was no longer involved in the case .
But it ’s not the health house alone that makes the system work ; it ’s integration with more advanced care .
The health house is the first stop , says Shahbazi .
It is supervised by doctors at a regional health center , which takes the cases the health house can’t handle .
Together , the health houses and regional centers handle about 80 percent of all cases .
Larger hospitals care for the patients who need treatment the regional centers can’t provide .
Iranians can go to whatever health facility they choose — but if patients are referred through the health house their costs are less .
“ I think they ’ll have to tailor it to the culture here , ” says Zahra Sarraf , M.D. , from Shiraz University in Iran , who recently visited a clinic in Belzoni , Miss. , to talk to residents and local medical staff about the health house concept .
“ It ’s very different from Iran . ”
But in both cases the aim is “ to make the health houses teach preventive care .
So people who have diseases but do n’t know it can be made aware of it . ”
Shirley hopes to transform a donated Baptist Town shack into a clean , well - lighted place — a welcoming , primary care clinic where screenings and immunizations will be free and local families will feel at ease being treated by people from their neighborhood .
Iran ’s health house system was established with the full support of the Iranian government , which provides inexpensive health insurance for all its citizens .
But in places like Baptist Town , health insurance is a luxury most people simply can’t afford .
According to longtime resident Sylvester Hoover , who owns and runs the only business in Baptist Town — a convenience store and laundromat — little has changed in the former sharecropper community since blues legend Robert Johnson sat on a street corner in the 1930s singing “ Hell Hound on My Trail . ”
“ I do n’t have insurance , ” says Hoover , who has offered the shack he owns next to his store as the site for the future health house .
“ I need to see a doctor about my foot .
Ca n’t hardly walk .
They say I need surgery , but I ca n’t afford it .
Everybody here got dental problems ’ cause no one teaches them how to take care of their teeth .
A lot of people over here really need to see the doctor and just ca n’t afford to . ”
“ I got it all , ” says Charles Griffis , 73 , sitting on his porch across from Hoover ’s store .
“ High blood pressure , diabetes , and I ’m a prostate cancer survivor . ”
Griffis says he ’s been putting off a visit to the rural health clinic in Mound Bayou — a 100 - mile round trip .
“ That type of service is needed really bad .
I think people would accept something like that . ”
Unlike the Iranians , Shirley , Shahbazi and Miller are trying to establish the Mississippi health houses on a song and a prayer , using volunteers along with donated buildings and medical supplies .
The plan is to eventually train single mothers currently on welfare to staff the health houses in their communities , giving them skills they can use to get off government assistance .
So far , support for the project has come from the Jackson Medical Mall Foundation , which supports Shirley ’s large community clinic in Jackson .
Shirley ’s group is applying for a $ 20 million grant from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to fund 10 health house pilot programs in Mississippi , Arkansas and Louisiana .
And though it sounds expensive , Miller is convinced it will actually save money in the long run .
“ This is one of the things that can address the cost of health care , ” says Miller .
“ Preventive care keeps people from getting sick in the first place , and [ postoperative care ] will save billions in readmissions .
This really could be an answer for what ails the U.S. health care system .
But forget the dollars , what about the human suffering ?
The value of taking a healthy , productive human being out of society ?
We ’ve got to change the way we think .
If you look at the health disparities for minorities in the U.S. , we look like some undeveloped countries in how we treat our citizens . ”
And in fact , a number of countries have flourishing primary health care systems .
Brazil , Chile , Costa Rica and Cuba all have such care systems , as do Spain and Portugal .
Canada and the United Kingdom also have systems that cost less and provide better health outcomes than the current system in the United States .
“ Primary care makes a lot of sense , ” says Hernan Montenegro , M.D. , of the World Health Organization .
“ It ’s not just for poor countries .
If you cover everybody and everybody has some access to health care , they get less sick and are more productive .
Kids who are n’t sick do better in school and become more productive adults .
Investing in health has numerous benefits . ”
But it ’s the people - to - people aspect that inspires LaTania Sci , M.D. , an internist from Dayton , Ohio , and the fact that she sees more and more Americans falling through the cracks of the current health care system .
Sci is one of half a dozen health care professionals who have volunteered to travel to Iran this summer for a six - week crash course at Shiraz University , so she can set up a training center for community health workers in Mississippi .
“ I really admire the people who developed this concept , ” says Sci .
“ They just happen to be Iranian .
But on a person - to - person basis so much can occur .
I think it ’s a brilliant model , and I think it will catch on throughout the U.S. ”
Joel K. Bourne Jr. is a contributing writer for National Geographic magazine .
Poem
The jungle bird worries About his physique .
He strives to be skinny From talon to beak .
The jungle hippo takes Advantage of that .
When he craves hambirdger
He yells out , " You 're fat ! ! "
The shock from that stab Makes the parrot pass out ,
And he tumbles down into Open waiting mouth .
Now these rude predators
Themselves are n't so fit .
These crtical hippos
Are just hypocrites .
Poems are here now
A recently deserted car factory in Singur in the communist - run state of West Bengal offers mute testimony of heavy industry ’s ongoing struggle to acquire land in India .
The factory was to have been the home of Tata Motors ‘ Nano , billed as the world ’s cheapest car , and was to have transformed the semi-rural suburb around it into a bustling township .
Tata announced its plans to much fanfare in 2008 .
But more than two years of protests by farmers and villagers over land acquisition forced India ’s third - largest automaker to move its operations to a new plant in the western state of Gujarat and abandon its $ 350 million factory in Singur .
Now Tata Steel , the world ’s eighth - largest steelmaker , is fighting a similar , if embarrassing , battle to construct a plant at Kalinganagar in the eastern state of Orissa .
As India tries to woo foreign investors and burnish its standing as Asia ’s third - largest economy , its industrial endeavors face resistance , mostly from villagers reluctant to part with land their families have tilled for decades .
Current delays in land acquisition for industrial projects threaten to sink investments worth $ 100 billion to India in the near term , according to a recent study by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India , one of the country ’s largest business groups .
The study noted an assessment released by the Indian Steel Ministry stating that 22 major steel projects worth $ 82 billion are being held up by public protests over land acquisition and red tape in securing environmental - impact clearances , among other reasons .
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry says problems in acquiring land for industrial projects has tarnished the image of several Indian states as business - friendly locations .
India ’s Land Acquisition
Act of 1894 allows the government to claim land for public use , such as for roads , railways and parks .
Enacted during British rule of India , the act is murky on issues of claiming land for private industry .
Governments in some Indian states have tried to cite the act to set aside land for industry , with varying results .
Claiming that Tata Motors ‘ use of the site in Singur was in the public interest , the communist government of West Bengal tried to acquire fertile farmlands by force for the Tata project in Singur in 2006 .
The land - grab attempt was met with violence from villagers , who also revolted against government plans to construct a chemical factory in nearby Nandigram .
Villagers dug up roads and threw trees on the communists , bellowing a war cry against land acquisition .
Scores of villagers were killed and raped during the uprising , but Nandigram became a symbol of resistance against the state forces .
“ There is an overwhelming need for industry so that this poor state [ West Bengal ] can flourish again .
But the way that land was acquired was a mistake .
If one needs industry , there has to be land , but acquisition of land should have been the last resort , ” said Nobel Prize - winning economist Amartya Sen , who is a strong votary of industry .
West Bengal ’s mineral - rich neighbor , the state of Orissa , faces similar unrest and business uncertainty because industrial ventures there have been stalled for years over protests by prospective land losers .
Thousands of villagers in and around the town of Jagatsinghpur have opposed Orissa ’s plans to allow the South Korean steel giant Pohang Iron and Steel Co. ( POSCO ) to construct a 12 million - ton plant , staging day and night vigils to prevent a “ forceful ” acquisition .
“ This protest is against any kind of forceful attempt by state police forces to enter into their village in the name of conducting socioeconomic and land survey for POSCO , ” said villager Prasant Paikray , a member of the Committee to Protest POSCO .
“ We will fight tooth and nail . ”
If constructed , the Posco steel plant would be India ’s single biggest foreign investment to date .
Another company facing the protest of local tribespeople in Orissa is the Indian unit of London - listed Vedanta Resources PLC .
Vedanta proposes to mine bauxite for its 1.4 million - ton aluminum refinery in the foothills of Niyamagiri , but protests already have started around the area .
Some economists say land acquisition is a challenge , but not only because of people ’s distrust of government .
“ Land acquisition is a problem because land records were never kept properly , ” said D.H. Pai Panandikar , director of the RPG Foundation , a think tank engaged in research on macroeconomic issues .
“ Many argue that the industry should buy land directly from the farmers or land owners .
But it is a tremendous hurdle for industry to buy the land in the contiguous areas of the project .
Direct purchase by the corporates is difficult , given the complexities , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The ABC will switch on Australia 's first free - to - air digital 24 - hour news channel tonight .
ABC News 24 will start broadcasting across the country at 7:30 pm ( AEST ) .
The launch special will be broadcast on ABC 1 as well as digital channel 24 .
It will feature coverage of the news of the day from ABC News 24's broadcast centre at Ultimo in Sydney .
ABC News Director Kate Torney said it was an important day for ABC News .
" This is a real symbol of how important news is as part of the service that we deliver to Australian audiences , " she said .
Ms Torney said the service had been funded through production savings , not new money .
She said the needs of the broadcaster 's audience had changed and ABC News 24 would feature existing programs as well as new ones and rolling coverage of breaking stories .
" Audiences now expect to see news when it happens and they also expect to be able to tap into news when it suits them , " she said .
" It 's really important to deliver scheduled news to audiences on ABC 1 through the Midday Report and 7:00 pm bulletins .
" So bulletins remain our flagship bulletins . "
Critics argue the channel duplicates services that already exist and is a waste of taxpayers ' money .
But Ms Torney says news is critical to the service the ABC offers and the 24 - hour news channel is a chance for audiences to see news as it happens .
" This service is designed to ensure we are remaining relevant to modern audiences and we are giving audiences the services they expect at this time , " she said .
" Our motivation has absolutely been to deliver what audiences need and want from the ABC and to deliver value for money to Australians . "
ABC News 24 will vie with the only other Australian around - the - clock news channel , Sky News , which is broadcast on pay - TV provider Foxtel .
Foxtel chief executive Kim Williams has told Radio National Breakfast he relishes the competition .
" We wish the ABC well in its news endeavours , " he said .
" Sky News will certainly provide an extremely competitive proposition . "
( CNN ) -- About 21 percent of children in the United States will be living below the poverty line in 2010 , the highest rate in 20 years , according to a new analysis of children 's well - being released Tuesday .
The study , funded by the private philanthropy Foundation for Child Development , found that families ' economic well - being has plummeted to near 1975 levels , said Kenneth Land , project coordinator and professor of sociology and demography at Duke University .
" Virtually all of that progress is wiped out through job losses , through declines in real income , and other aspects of family economic well - being , " Land said .
The Child and Youth Well - Being Index Project at Duke University bases its predictions on 28 indicators of well - being that encompass economic well - being , safe and risky behavior , social relationships , emotional and spiritual well - being , community engagement , educational attainment and health .
Researchers predict that although the index is at a low for the decade this year , it will start edging up .
" There are lots of kids out there whose quality of life has already and will decline as a result of the impact of this recession , " Land said .
About 15.6 million children are estimated to be living in poverty this year , but study authors say this number will start going down .
This year , as many as 500,000 children may be homeless in the United States , according to the report .
Children living in families in which neither parent has secure employment will rise to about 20 million this year , up 4 percent from 2006 .
Also , many children live in households where all members do not have access to enough safe and nutritious foods .
From 2007 to 2010 , an additional 750,000 children are estimated to live in food - insecure households , the report said .
There is also potential for an uptick in obesity as families with tight budgets move toward lower quality food because of the recession , Land said .
Healthy foods tend to be expensive , while processed and fast foods are cheaper and more readily available to some families .
Community engagement will go down as school districts reduce the employment of teachers and cut back programs .
The amount of time spent in school may even go down ; in 2009 , Hawaii became the first state to move to four - day school weeks to save money in the recession .
One piece of good news is that health insurance coverage for children will not significantly fall , the report said , thanks to publicly financed health care programs .
About 90 percent of children will be in families with some form of health insurance , the report said .
Chaotic childhoods have enormous implications for physical health , said Dr. Alan Kazdin , professor of psychology at Yale University and researcher at the Yale Child Conduct Clinic .
Higher rates of cancer , liver disease , respiratory disease and other conditions have been found in people who grew up under stressful conditions , said Kazdin , who was not involved in the study .
Families can take some steps to help children 's well - being even in difficult economic times , he said .
They should try to keep or even increase family routines such as taking walks in the park , grocery shopping , and eating meals together , Kazdin said .
Matthew Stagner , director of the University of Chicago 's Chapin Hall Center for Children , views the study as important but not surprising .
He noted also that some of the trends described , in terms of family relationships and other indicators , are not necessarily caused by the recession .
The report 's prediction that indicators of family economic well - being will " bottom out " in 2010 will depend on the length of the recession and the state of the overall economy , Stagner said .
The indicators are good but fairly limited , Stagner said .
He would like to see data on more issues pertaining to children -- namely , school readiness .
" We do n't have a national survey that really gets at the issues of whether children are ready to go to school , " he said .
Educational attainment in the current report is one indicator that has essentially remained flat since 1975 , Land said .
The decrease in the family economic indicators will likely impact children 's abilities in reading and math , and the deterioration in academic performance will have long - lasting effects , he said .
" This will show up subsequently in their careers and losses of income and ability to compete in the workplace , " he said .
Complete picture set available in members area of Brutal Dildos .
This site also gives you unlimited access to huge collection of exclusive pictures and videos you wo n't find anywhere else .
The joining process is absolutely safe and secure so stop watching promos and get your membership right now !
Warning : template has been deprecated .
evaluates to
( BETA ( LAMBDA < vars > < body > ) E ) in environment E
When a closure is to be applied to some arguments :
(( BETA ( LAMBDA < vars > < body > ) E1 ) < args > ) in environment E2
this is performed by reducing the application expression to
< body > in environment Pairlis [ < vars > < args in E2 > E1 ]
That is , any free variables in the closed lambda expression refer to the environment as of the time of closure ( E1 ) , not as of the time of application ( E2 ) , whereas the arguments are evaluated in the application environment as expected .
This notion of closure has gone by many other names in other contexts .
In LISP , for example , such a closure has been traditionally known as a funarg .
ALGOL has several related ideas .
Every ALGOL procedure is , at the time of its invocation , essentially a " downward funarg " .
In addition , expressions which are passed by name instead of by value are closed through the use of mechanisms called thunks [ Ingerman ] .
It turns out that an actor ( other than a cell or a serializer ) is also a closure .
Hewitt [ Smith and Hewitt ] describes an actor as consisting of a script , which is code to be executed , and a set of acquaintances , which are other actors which it knows about .
We contend that the script is in fact identical to the lambda expression in a closure , and that the set of acquaintances is in effect an environment .
As an example , consider the following code for cons ; taken from [ Smith and Hewitt ] ( cf. [ Fischer ] ) :
[ CONS ≡ ( ≡ > [ = A = B ] ( CASES ( ≡> FIRST ?
A ) ( ≡> REST ?
B ) ( ≡> LIST ? YES ) ) ) ]
( cons x y )
cases
first ?
rest ?
x
y
a
b
cases
x
y
first ?
rest ?
yes
​
( DEFINE CONS ( LAMBDA ( A B ) ( LAMBDA ( M ) ( IF ( EQ M 'FIRST ? )
A ( IF ( EQ M ' REST ? ) B ( IF ( EQ M ' LIST ? ) ' YES ( ERROR '|UNRECOGNIZED MESSAGE - CONS| M ' WRNG - TYPE - ARG ) ) ) ) ) ) )
When the formis evaluated , the result is an ( evaluated ) statement , which is a receiver ready to accept a message such as " " or " " .
This resulting receiver evidentlythe actorsandas being bound to the variablesand ; it is evidently aof thescript plus a set of acquaintances which includesand ( as well as " " and " " and " " , for example ; PLASMA considers such " constant acquaintances " to be part of the set , whereas in SCHEME we might prefer to consider them part of the script ) .
Once we realize that it is a closure and nothing more , we can see easily how to express the same semantics in SCHEME :
Note that we have used explicit eq tests on the incoming message rather than the implicit pattern - matching of the cases statement , but the underlying semantics of the approach are the same .
There are several important consequences of closing every lambda expression in the environment from which it is passed ( i.e. , in its " lexical " or " static " environment ) .
First , the axioms of lambda calculus are automatically preserved .
Thus , referential transparency is enforced .
This in turn implies that there are no " fluid " variable bindings ( as there are in standard stack implementations of LISP such as MacLISP ) .
Second , the upward funarg problem [ Moses ] [ 6 ] requires that the environment structure be potentially tree - like .
Finally , the environment at any point in a computation can never be deeper than the lexical depth of the expression being evaluated at that time ; i.e. , the environment contains bindings only for variables bound in lambdas lexically surrounding the expression being evaluated .
This is true even if recursive functions are involved .
It follows that if list structures are used to implement environments , the time to look up a variable is proportional only to the lexical distance from the reference to the binding and not to the depth of recursion or any other dynamic parameter .
Therefore it is not necessarily as expensive as many people have been led to believe .
Furthermore , it is not even necessary to scan the environment for the variable , since its value must be in a known position relative to the top of the environment structure ; this position can be computed by a compiler at compile time on the basis of lexical scope .
The tree - like structure of an environment prevents one from merely indexing into the it , however ; it is necessary to cdr down it .
( Some ALGOL compilers use a similar technique involving base registers pointing to sets of variables for each level of block nesting ; it is necessary to determine the base pointer for the block desired for a variable reference , but then the variable is at a known offset from the base address . )
It also follows that an iterative programming style will lead to no net accumulation of environment structures in the interpreter .
The recursive style , with or without continuation - passing , will lead to accumulation of environment structures as a function of the recursion depth , not because any environment becomes arbitrarily deep , but rather because at each level of recursion it is necessary to save the environment at that point .
It is saved by the interpreter in the case of traditional recursion , so that computation can continue in the correct environment on return from the recursive call ; it is saved as part of the continuation closure in continuation - passing .
Another problem is concerned with control .
This is a consequence of the ​functional interpretation of the lambda calculus , i.e. the view that a " expression " ( combination ) represents a value to be " returned " ( to replace the combination ) to its " caller " ( the process evaluating the combination containing the original one ) .
The interpreter must provide for correctly resuming the caller when the callee has returned its value .
The state of the computation at the time of the call must therefore be preserved .
We see , then , that part of the state of the computation must be ( a pointer to ) the preserved state of its caller ; we will call this component of the state the clink [ McDermott and Sussman ] [ 7 ]
[ Bobrow and Wegbreit ] [ 8 ] .
Just before the evaluation of a subexpression , the state of the current computation , including the clink , must be gathered together into a single data structure , which we will call a frame ; the clink is then altered to point to this new frame .
The evaluation of the subexpression then returns by restoring the state of the process from the current clink .
Note that the value of the subexpression had better not be part of the state , for otherwise it would be lost by the state restoration .
Thus , we only build a new frame if further computation would result in losing information which might be necessary .
This only occurs if we must somehow return to that state .
This in turn can only occur if we must evaluate an expression whose value must be obtained in order to continue computation in the current state .
This implies that no frame need be created in order to apply a lambda expression to its arguments .
This in turn implies that the iterative and continuation - passing styles lead to no net creation of frames , because they are implemented only in terms of explicit lambda applications , whereas the recursive style leads to the creation of one net frame per level of recursive depth , because the recursive invocation involves the evaluation of a expression containing the recursive lambda application as a subexpression .
A clink in a lambda calculus - based interpreter is in fact equivalent to a low - level default continuation as created by the PLASMA interpreter .
Such a continuation is a ( closed ) lambda expression of one argument whose script will carry on the computation after receiving the value of the subexpression .
The clink mechanism is therefore not necessary , if we are willing to transform all our programs into pure continuation - passing style .
We could do this explicitly , by requiring the user to write his programs in this form ; or implicitly , as PLASMA does , by creating these one - argument continuations as necessary , passing them as hidden extra arguments to lambda expressions which behave like functions .
On the other hand , we may think of a clink as a highly optimized continuation , whose " script " is that carefully coded portion of the lambda calculus interpreter which restores the frame and then carries on .
We find this notion useful in defining a primitive , CATCH ( named for the CATCH construct in MacLISP [ Moon ] [ 4 ] ) , for " hairy control structure " , similar to Reynolds ' ESCAPE operator [ Reynolds ] [ 9 ] , which makes these low - level continuations available to the user .
Note that PLASMA has a similar facility for getting hold of the low - level continuations , namely the " ≡≡ > " receiver construct .
Another problem for the implementor of an interpreter of a lambda calculus based language is the order in which to perform reductions .
There are two standard orders of evaluation ( and several other semi- standard ones , which we will not consider here ) .
The first is Normal Order , which ​corresponds roughly to ALGOL's " call by name " , and the second is Applicative Order , which corresponds roughly to ALGOL's " call by value " or to LISP functional application .
Under a call - by - name implementation , the < args >* mentioned above are in fact the actual argument expressions , each paired with the environment E .
The evaluator has two additional rules :
when a variable x is to be evaluated in environment E1 , then its associated expression - environment pair [ A , E2 ] ( which is equivalent to an ALGOL thunk ) is looked up in E1 , and then A is evaluated in E2 .
when a " primitive operator " is to be applied , its arguments must be evaluated at that time , and then the operator applied in a call - by - value manner .
Under a call - by - value implementation , the < args >* are the values of the argument expressions ; i.e. , the argument expressions are evaluated in environment E , and only then is the lambda expression applied .
Note that this leads to trouble in defining conditionals .
Under call - by - name one may define predicates to return ( LAMBDA ( X Y ) X ) for TRUE and ( LAMBDA ( X Y ) Y ) for FALSE , and then one may simply write
(( = A B ) < do this if TRUE > < do this if FALSE > )
This trick depends implicitly on the order of evaluation .
It will not work under call - by - value , nor in general under any other reductive order except Normal Order .
It is therefore necessary to introduce a special primitive operator ( such as " if " ) which is applied in a call - by - name manner .
This leads us to the interesting conclusion that a practical lambda calculus interpreter cannot be purely call - by - name or call - by - value ; it is necessary to have at least a little of each .
There is a fundamental problem , however , with using Normal Order evaluation in a lambda calculus interpreter , which is brought out by the iterative programming style .
We already know that no net frames are created by iterative programs , and that no net environment structures are created either .
The problem is that under a call - by - name implementation there may be a net thunk structure created proportional in size to the number of iteration steps .
This problem is inherent in Normal Order , because Normal Order substitution semantics exhibit the same phenomenon of increasing expression size .
Therefore iteration cannot be effectively modeled in a call - by - name interpreter .
An alternative view is that a call - by - name interpreter remembers more than is logically necessary to perform the computations indicated by the original expressions .
This is indicated by the fact that the Applicative Order substitution semantics lead to expressions of fixed maximum size independent of the number of iteration steps .
It turns out that this conflict between call - by - name and iteration is resolved by the use of continuation - passing .
If we use a pure continuation - passing programming style , then Normal Order and Applicative Order are the same order !
In pure continuation - passing no combination is ever a subcombination of another combination .
( This is the justification for the fact mentioned above that no clinks are needed if pure continuation - passing style is used . )
Thus , if we wish to model iteration in pure lambda calculus without even an if primitive , we can use Normal Order substitutions and ​express the iteration in the continuation - passing style .
Under any reductive order , whether Normal Order , Applicative Order , or any other order , it is in practice convenient to introduce a means of terminating the evaluation process on a given form ; in order to do this we introduce three different and equally useful notions .
The first is the primitive operator such as + ; the evaluator can apply such an operator directly , without substituting a lambda expression for the operator and reducing the resulting form .
The second is the self - evaluating constant ; this is used for primitive objects such as numbers , which effectively behave as if always " bound to themselves " in any environment .
The third is the quoting function , which protects its argument from reductions so that it is returned as is ; this is used for treating forms as data in the usual LISP manner .
These three ideas are not logically necessary , since the evaluation process will ( eventually ) terminate when no reductions can be made , but they are a great convenience for introducing various functions and data into the lambda calculus .
Note too that some are easily defined in terms of the others ; for example , instead of letting 3 be a self - evaluating constant , we could let 3 be a primitive operator of no arguments which returned 3 , or we could merely quote it ; similarly , instead of quoting forms we could let forms be a self - evaluating data type , as in MDL [ Galley and Pfister ] ( better known as MUDDLE ) , written with different parentheses .
Because , as we have said , these constructs are all strictly for convenience , we will not strive for any kind of minimality , but will continue to use all three notions in our interpreter , as we already have in our examples .
We provide an interface so that all MacLISP subr s may be used as primitive operators ; we define numbers to be self - evaluating ; and we will use QUOTE to quote forms as in LISP ( and thus we may use the " ' " character as an abbreviation ) .
One final issue which the implementor of a lambda calculus based interpreter should consider is that of extensions to the language , such as primitives for side effects , multiprocessing , and synchronization of processes .
Note that these are ideas which are very hard , if not impossible , to model using the substitution semantics of the lambda calculus , but which are easily incorporated in other semantic models , including the environment interpreter and , perhaps more notably , the ACTORS model [ Greif and Hewitt ] .
The fundamental problem with modelling such concepts using substitution semantics is that substitution produces copies of expressions , and so cannot model the notion of sharing very well .
In an interpreter which uses environments , all instances of a variable scoped in a given environment refer to the same virtual substitution contained in that environment , and so may be thought of as sharing a value cell in that environment .
We can take advantage of this sharing by introducing a primitive operator which modifies the contents of a value cell ; since all occurrences refer to the same value cell , changing the contents of that value cell will change the result of future references to that value cell ( i.e. , occurrences of the variable which invoke the virtual substitution mechanism ) .
Such a primitive operator would then be similar to the SET function of LISP , or the := of ALGOL .
We include such an operator , ASET , in our interpreter .
Introducing multiprocessing into the interpreter is fairly straightforward ; all that is necessary is to introduce a mechanism for ​time - slicing the interpreter among several processes .
One can even model this in substitution semantics by supposing that there can be more than one expression , and at each step an expression is randomly chosen to perform a reduction within .
( On the other hand , synchronizing of the processes is very hard to model using substitution semantics ! )
:=
EVALUATE !UNINTERRUPTIBLY
​
Warning : template has been deprecated .
Section 5 : The Implementation of the Interpreter [ edit ]
Here we present a real live SCHEME interpreter .
This particular version was written primarily for expository purposes ; it works , but not as efficiently as possible .
The " production version " of SCHEME is coded somewhat more intricately , and runs about twice as fast as the interpreter presented below .
The basic idea behind the implementation is think machine language .
In particular , we must not use recursion in the implementation language to implement recursion in the language being interpreted .
This is a crucial mistake which has screwed many language implementations ( e.g. Micro - PLANNER [ Sussman ] ) .
The reason for this is that if the implementation language does not support certain kinds of control structures , then we will not be able to effectively interpret them .
Thus , for example , if the control frame structure in the implementation language is constrained to be stack - like , then modelling more general control structures in the interpreted language will be very difficult unless we divorce ourselves from the constrained structures at the outset .
It will be convenient to think of an implementation machine which has certain operations , which are " micro- coded " in LISP ; these are used to operate on various " registers " , which are represented as free LISP variables .
These registers are : ** EXP **
The expression currently being evaluated .
** ENV ** A pointer to the environment in which to evaluate EXP .
** CLINK **
A pointer to the frame for the computation of which the current one is a subcomputation .
** PC** The " program counter " .
As each " instruction " is executed , it updates ** PC ** to point to the next instruction to be executed .
** VAL **
The returned value of a subcomputation .
This register is not saved and restored in ** CLINK ** frames ; in fact , its sole purpose is to pass values back safely across the restoration of a frame .
** UNEVLIST ** , ** EVLIS **
These are utility registers which are part of the state of the interpreter ( they are saved in ** CLINK ** frames ) .
They are used primarily for evaluation of components of combinations , but may be used for other purposes also .
​ ** TEM ** A super - temporary register , used for random purposes , and not saved in ** CLINK ** frames or across interrupts .
It therefore may not be used to pass information between " instructions " of the " machine " , and so is best thought of as an internal hardware register .
** QUEUE ** A list of all processes other than the one currently being interpreted .
** TICK ** A magic register which a " hardware clock " sets to T every so often , used to drive the scheduler .
** PROCESS **
This register always contains the name of the process currently swapped in and running .
​ Warning : template has been deprecated .
The following declarations and macros are present only to make the compiler happy , and to make the version number of the SCHEME implementation available in the global variable VERSION .
( DECLARE ( SPECIAL ** EXP ** ** UNEVLIS ** ** ENV ** ** EVLIS ** ** PC** ** CLINK ** ** VAL ** ** TEM ** ** TOP ** ** QUEUE ** ** TICK ** ** PROCESS ** ** QUANTUM ** VERSION LISPVERSION ) )
( DEFUN VERSION MACRO ( X ) ( COND ( COMPILER - STATE ( LIST ' QUOTE ( STATUS UREAD ) ) ) ( T ( RPLACA X 'QUOTE ) ( RPLACD X ( LIST VERSION ) ) ( LIST ' QUOTE VERSION ) ) ) )
( DECLARE ( READ ) ) ( SETQ VERSION (( LAMBDA ( COMPILER - STATE ) ( VERSION ) ) T ) )
The function SCHEME initializes the system driver .
The two SETQ 's merely set up version numbers .
The top level loop itself is written in SCHEME , and is a LABELS which binds the function ** TOP ** to be a read - eval - print loop .
The LISP global variable ** TOP ** is initialized to the closure of the ** TOP ** function for convenience and accessibility to user - defined functions .
( DEFUN SCHEME () ( SETQ VERSION ( VERSION ) LISPVERSION ( STATUS LISPVERSION ) )
( TERPRI ) ( PRINC '| This is SCHEME | ) ( PRINC VERSION ) ( PRINC '| running in LISP | ) ( PRINC LISPVERSION ) ( SETQ ** ENV ** NIL ** QUEUE ** NIL ** PROCESS ** ( CREATE !PROCESS ' ( ** TOP ** '| SCHEME -- Toplevel| ) ) )
( SWAPINPROCESS ) ( ALARMCLOCK 'RUNTIME ** QUANTUM ** ) ( MLOOP ) ) ( SETQ ** TOP ** ' ( BETA ( LAMBDA ( ** MESSAGE ** ) ( LABELS (( ** TOP1 ** ( LAMBDA ( ** IGNORE1 ** ** IGNORE2 ** ** IGNORE3 ** ) ( ** TOP1 ** ( TERPRI ) ( PRINC '|== > | ) ( PRINT ( SET '* ( EVALUATE ( READ ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
( ** TOP1 ** ( TERPRI ) ( PRINC ** MESSAGE ** ) NIL ) ) ) NIL ) )
When the LISP alarmclock tick occurs , the global register ** TICK ** is set to T .
** QUANTUM ** , the amount of runtime between ticks , is measured in ​micro- seconds .
( DEFUN SETTICK ( X ) ( SETQ ** TICK ** T ) ) ( SETQ ** QUANTUM ** 1000000 .
ALARMCLOCK ' SETTICK ) MLOOP is the main loop of the interpreter .
It may be thought of as the instruction dispatch in the micro-code of the implementation machine .
If an alarmclock tick has occurred , and interrupts are allowed , then the scheduler is called to switch processes .
Otherwise the " instruction " specified by ** PC ** is executed via FASTCALL .
( DEFUN MLOOP () ( DO (( ** TICK ** NIL ) ) ( NIL ) ; DO forever ( AND ** TICK ** ( ALLOW ) ( SCHEDULE ) ) ( FASTCALL **PC ** ) ) )
FASTCALL is essentially a FUNCALL optimized for compiled " microcode " .
Note the way it pulls the SUBR property to the front of the property list if possible for speed .
( DEFUN FASTCALL ( ATSYM ) ( COND (( EQ ( CAR ( CDR ATSYM ) ) ' SUBR ) ( SUBRCALL NIL ( CADR ( CDR ATSYM ) ) ) ) ( T (( LAMBDA ( SUBR ) ( COND ( SUBR ( REMPROP ATSYM ' SUBR ) ( PUTPROP ATSYM SUBR ' SUBR ) ( SUBRCALL NIL SUBR ) ) ( T ( FUNCALL ATSYM ) ) ) ) ( GET ATSYM ' SUBR ) ) ) ) )
Interrupts are allowed unless the variable * ALLOW * is bound to NIL in the current environment .
This is used to implement the EVALUATE !
UNINTERRUPTIBLY primitive .
( DEFUN ALLOW ( ) (( LAMBDA ( VCELL ) ( COND ( VCELL ( CADR VCELL ) ) ( T T ) ) ) ( ASSQ '* ALLOW * ** ENV ** ) ) )
Next comes the scheduler .
It is apparently interrupt - driven , but in fact is not .
The key here is to think microcode !
There is one place in the microcoded instruction interpretation loop which checks to see if there is an interrupt pending ; in our " machine " , this occurs in MLOOP , where ** TICK ** is checked on every cycle .
This is another case where we must beware of using too much of the power of the host language ; just as we must avoid using host recursion directly to implement recursion , so we must avoid using host interrupts directly to implement interrupts .
We may not modify any register during a host language interrupt , except one ( such as ** TICK ** ) which is ​specifically intended to signal interrupts .
Thus , if we were to add an interrupt character facility to SCHEME similar to that in MacLISP [ Moon ] , the MacLISP interrupt character function would merely set a register like ** TICK ** and dismiss ; MLOOP would eventually notice that this register had changed and dispatch to the interrupt handler .
All this implies that the " microcode " for the interrupt handlers does not itself contain critical code that must be protected from host language interrupts .
When the scheduler is invoked , if there is another process waiting on the process queue , then the current process is swapped out and put on the end of the queue , and a new process swapped in from the front of the queue .
The process stored on the queue consists of an atom which has the current frame and ** VAL ** register on its property list .
Note that the ** TEM ** register is not saved , and so can not be used to pass information between instructions .
( DEFUN SCHEDULE () ( COND ( ** QUEUE ** ( SWAPOUTPROCESS ) ( NCONC ** QUEUE ** ( LIST ** PROCESS ** ) )
( SETQ ** PROCESS ** ( CAR ** QUEUE ** )
** QUEUE ** ( CDR ** QUEUE ** ) ) ( SWAPINPROCESS ) ) ) ( SETQ ** TICK ** NIL ) ( ALARMCLOCK 'RUNTIME ** QUANTUM ** ) )
( DEFUN SWAPOUTPROCESS
() (( LAMBDA ( ** CLINK ** ) ( PUTPROP ** PROCESS ** ( SAVEUP ** PC ** ) ' CLINK ) ( PUTPROP ** PROCESS ** ** VAL ** ' VAL ) ) ** CLINK ** ) )
( DEFUN SWAPINPROCESS () ( SETQ ** CLINK ** ( GET ** PROCESS ** ' CLINK ) ** VAL ** ( GET ** PROCESS ** ' VAL ) ) ( RESTORE ) )
Primitive operators are LISP functions , i.e. SUBR s , EXPR s , and LSUBR s. ( DEFUN PRIMOP ( x ) ( GETL x ' ( SUBR EXPR LSUBR ) ) )
SAVEUP conses a new frame onto the ** CLINK ** structure .
It saves the values of all important registers .
It takes one argument , RETAG , which is the instruction to return to when the computation is restored .
( DEFUN SAVEUP ( RETAG ) ( SETQ ** CLINK ** ( LIST ** EXP ** ** UNEVLIS ** ** ENV ** ** EVLIS ** RETAG ** CLINK ** ) ) )
RESTORE restores a computation from the CLINK .
The use of TEMP is a kludge to optimize the compilation of the " microcode " .
​ Warning : template has been deprecated .
( DEFUN RESTORE () ( PROG ( TEMP ) ( SETQ TEMP ( OR ** CLINK ** ( ERROR '|PROCESS RAN OUT - RESTORE| ** EXP ** ' FAIL - ACT ) )
** EXP ** ( CAR TEMP ) TEMP ( CDR TEMP ) ** UNEVLIS ** ( CAR TEMP ) TEMP ( CDR TEMP ) ** ENV ** ( CAR TEMP ) TEMP ( CDR TEMP ) ** EVLIS ** ( CAR TEMP ) TEMP ( CDR TEMP ) ** PC** ( CAR TEMP ) TEMP ( CDR TEMP ) ** CLINK ** ( CAR TEMP ) ) ) )
This is the central function of the SCHEME interpreter .
This " instruction " expects ** EXP ** to contain an expression to evaluate , and ** ENV ** to contain the environment for the evaluation .
The fact that we have arrived here indicates that ** PC ** contains ' AEVAL , and so we need not change ** PC ** if the next instruction is also to be AEVAL .
Besides the obvious objects likes numbers , identifiers , LAMBDA expressions , and BETA expressions ( closures ) , there are also several other objects of interest .
There are primitive operators ( LISP functions ) ; AINT s ( which are to SCHEME as FSUBR s like COND are to LISP ) ; and AMACRO s , which are used to implement DO , AND , OR , COND , BLOCK , etc. ​ ( DEFUN AEVAL () ( COND (( ATOM ** EXP ** ) ( COND (( NUMBERP ** EXP ** ) ( SETQ ** VAL ** ** EXP** ) ( RESTORE ) ) (( PRIMOP ** EXP ** ) ( SETQ ** VAL ** ** EXP** ) ( RESTORE ) ) (( SETQ ** TEM ** ( ASSQ ** EXP ** ** ENV ** ) )
( SETQ ** VAL ** ( CADR ** TEM ** ) ) ( RESTORE ) ) ( T ( SETQ ** VAL ** ( SYMEVAL ** EXP ** ) ) ( RESTORE ) ) ) ) (( ATOM ( CAR ** EXP ** ) ) ( COND (( SETQ ** TEM ** ( GET ( CAR ** EXP ** ) ' AINT ) ) ( SETQ **PC ** ** TEM ** ) ) (( EQ ( CAR ** EXP ** ) ' LAMBDA ) ( SETQ ** VAL ** ( LIST ' BETA ** EXP ** ** ENV ** ) ) ( RESTORE ) ) (( SETQ ** TEM ** ( GET ( CAR ** EXP ** ) ' AMACRO ) ) ( SETQ ** EXP ** ( FUNCALL ** TEM ** ** EXP ** ) ) ) ( T ( SETQ ** EVLIS ** NIL ** UNEVLIS ** ** EXP ** ** PC** ' EVLIS ) ) ) ) (( EQ ( CAAR ** EXP ** ) ' LAMBDA ) ( SETQ ** EVLIS ** ( LIST ( CAR ** EXP ** ) )
** UNEVLIS ** ( CDR ** EXP ** )
** PC** ' EVLIS ) ) ( T ( SETQ ** EVLIS ** NIL ** UNEVLIS ** ** EXP ** ** PC** ' EVLIS ) ) ) )
This is the central function of the SCHEME interpreter .
This " instruction " expectsto contain an expression to evaluate , andto contain the environment for the evaluation .
The fact that we have arrived here indicates thatcontains , and so we need not changeif the next instruction is also to be .
Besides the obvious objects likes numbers , identifiers , expressions , andexpressions ( closures ) , there are also several other objects of interest .
There are primitive operators ( LISP functions ) ;s ( which are to SCHEME ass likeare to LISP ) ; ands , which are used to implement , etc .
We come to EVLIS when a combination is encountered .
The intention is to evaluate each component of the combination and then apply the resulting function to the resulting arguments .
We use the register ** UNEVLIS ** to hold the list of components yet to be evaluated , and the register ** EVLIS ** to hold the list of evaluated components .
We assume that these have been set up by AEVAL .
Note that in the case of an explicit LAMBDA expression in the CAR of a combination ** UNEVLIS ** is initialized to be the list of unevaluated arguments and ** EVLIS ** is initialized to be the list containing the lambda expression .
EVLIS checks to see if there remain any more components yet to be evaluated .
If not , it applies the function .
Note that the primitive operators are applied using the LISP function APPLY .
Note also how a BETA expression controls the environment in which its body is to be evaluated .
DELTA expressions are CATCH tags ( see CATCH ) .
It is interesting that the evaluated components are collected in the reverse order from that which we need them in , and so we must reverse the list before applying the function .
Do you see why we must not use side effects ( e.g. the NREVERSE function ) to reverse the list ?
Think about CATCH !
If there remain components yet to be evaluated , EVLIS saves up a frame , ​so that execution can be resumed at EVLIS1 when the evaluation of the component returns with a value .
It then sets up ** EXP ** to point to the component to be evaluated and dispatches to AEVAL .
( DEFUN EVLIS () ( COND (( NULL ** UNEVLIS ** ) ( SETQ ** EVLIS ** ( REVERSE ** EVLIS ** ) )
( COND (( ATOM ( CAR ** EVLIS ** ) )
( SETQ ** VAL ** ( APPLY ( CAR ** EVLIS ** ) ( CDR ** EVLIS ** ) ) ) ( RESTORE ) ) (( EQ ( CAAR ** EVLIS ** ) ' LAMBDA ) ( SETQ ** ENV ** ( PAIRLIS ( CADAR ** EVLIS ** ) ( CDR ** EVLIS ** )
** ENV ** )
** EXP** ( CADDAR ** EVLIS ** )
** PC** ' AEVAL ) ) (( EQ ( CAAR ** EVLIS ** ) ' BETA ) ( SETQ ** ENV ** ( PAIRLIS ( CADR ( CADAR ** EVLIS ** ) )
( CDR ** EVLIS ** ) ( CADDAR ** EVLIS ** ) )
** EXP ** ( CADDR ( CADAR ** EVLIS ** ) )
** PC** ' AEVAL ) ) (( EQ ( CAAR ** EVLIS ** ) ' DELTA ) ( SETQ ** CLINK ** ( CADAR ** EVLIS ** ) ) ( RESTORE ) ) ( T ( ERROR '|BAD FUNCTION - EVARGLIST| ** EXP ** ' FAIL - ACT ) ) ) ) ( T ( SAVEUP 'EVLIS1 ) ( SETQ ** EXP ** ( CAR ** UNEVLIS ** )
** PC** ' AEVAL ) ) ) )
The purpose of EVLIS1 is to gobble up the value , passed in the ** VAL ** register , of the subexpression just evaluated .
It saves this value on the list in the ** EVLIS ** register , pops off the unevaluated subexpression from the ** UNEVLIS ** register , and dispatches back to EVLIS .
( DEFUN EVLIS1 () ( SETQ ** EVLIS ** ( CONS ** VAL ** ** EVLIS ** )
** UNEVLIS ** ( CDR ** UNEVLIS ** )
** PC** ' EVLIS ) )
Here is the code for the various AINT s.
On arrival at the instruction for an AINT , ** EXP ** contains the expression whose functional position contains the name of the AINT .
None of the arguments have been evaluated , and no new control frame has been created .
Note that each AINT is defined by the presence of an AINT property on the property list of the LISP atom which is its name .
The value of this property is the LISP function which is the first " instruction " of the AINT .
EVALUATE is similar to the LISP function EVAL ; it evaluates its argument , which should result in a s-expression , which is then fed back into the SCHEME expression evaluator ( AEVAL ) . ​ Warning : template has been deprecated .
( DEFPROP EVALUATE EVALUATE AINT ) ( DEFUN EVALUATE () ( SAVEUP 'EVALUATE1 ) ( SETQ ** EXP ** ( CADR ** EXP ** )
** PC** ' AEVAL ) ) ( DEFUN EVALUATE1 () ( SETQ ** EXP ** ** VAL ** ** PC** ' AEVAL ) )
IF evaluates its first argument , with a return address of IF1 .
IF1 examines the resulting ** VAL ** , and gives either the second or third argument to AEVAL depending on whether the ** VAL ** was non- NIL or NIL .
( DEFPROP IF IF AINT ) ( DEFUN IF () ( SAVEUP ' IF1 ) ( SETQ ** EXP ** ( CADR ** EXP ** )
** PC** ' AEVAL ) ) ( DEFUN IF1 () ( COND ( ** VAL ** ( SETQ ** EXP ** ( CADDR ** EXP ** ) ) ) ( T ( SETQ ** EXP ** ( CADDDR **EXP ** ) ) ) )
( SETQ **PC ** ' AEVAL ) )
As it was in the beginning , is now , and ever shall be : QUOTE without end .
( Amen , amen . ) ( DEFPROP QUOTE AQUOTE AINT ) ( DEFUN AQUOTE () ( SETQ ** VAL ** ( CADR ** EXP ** ) ) ( RESTORE ) ) LABELS merely feeds its second argument to AEVAL after constructing a fiendishly clever environment structure .
This is done in two stages : first the skeleton of the structure is created , with null environments in the closures of the bound functions ; next the created environment is clobbered into each of the closures .
​ Warning : template has been deprecated .
( DEFPROP LABELS LABELS AINT ) ( DEFUN LABELS () ( SETQ ** TEM ** ( MAPCAR ' ( LAMBDA ( DEF ) ( LIST ( CAR DEF ) ( LIST ' BETA ( CADR DEF ) NIL ) ) ) ( CADR ** EXP ** ) ) )
( MAPC ' ( LAMBDA ( VC ) ( RPLACA ( CDDADR VC ) ** TEM ** ) )
** TEM ** ) ( SETQ ** ENV ** ( NCONC ** TEM ** ** ENV ** )
** EXP ** ( CADDR ** EXP ** )
** PC** ' AEVAL ) )
We now come to the multiprocess primitives .
CREATE !PROCESS temporarily creates a new set of machine registers ( by the lambda - binding mechanism of the host language ) , establishes the new process in those registers , swaps it out , and returns the new process id ; returning causes the old machine registers to be restored .
( DEFUN CREATE !PROCESS ( EXP ) (( LAMBDA ( ** PROCESS ** ** EXP ** ** ENV ** ** UNEVLIS ** ** EVLIS ** ** PC** ** CLINK ** ** VAL ** ) ( SWAPOUTPROCESS )
** PROCESS ** ) ( GENSYM ) EXP ** ENV ** NIL NIL 'AEVAL ( LIST NIL NIL NIL NIL 'TERMINATE NIL ) NIL ) ) ( DEFUN START !PROCESS ( P ) ( COND (( OR ( NOT ( ATOM P ) ) ( NOT ( GET P ' CLINK ) ) ) ( ERROR '|BAD PROCESS -- START !PROCESS| ** EXP ** ' FAIL - ACT ) ) ) ( OR ( EQ P ** PROCESS ** ) ( MEMQ P ** QUEUE ** ) ( SETQ ** QUEUE ** ( NCONC ** QUEUE ** ( LIST P ) ) ) ) P ) ( DEFUN STOP !PROCESS ( P ) ( COND (( MEMQ P ** QUEUE ** ) ( SETQ ** QUEUE ** ( DELQ P ** QUEUE ** ) ) ) (( EQ P ** PROCESS ** ) ( TERMINATE ) ) )
P ) TERMINATE is an internal microcode routine which terminates the current process .
If the current process is the only one , then all processes have been stopped , and so a new SCHEME top level is created ; otherwise TERMINATE pulls the next process off the scheduler queue and swaps it in .
Note that we cannot use SWAPINPROCESS because a RESTORE will happen in EVLIS as soon as TERMINATE completes ( this is a very deep global property of the interpreter , and a fine ​ source of bugs ; much care is required ) .
( DEFUN TERMINATE () ( COND (( NULL ** QUEUE ** ) ( SETQ ** PROCESS ** ( CREATE !PROCESS ' ( ** TOP ** '| SCHEME -- QUEUEOUT| ) ) ) ) ( T ( SETQ ** PROCESS ** ( CAR ** QUEUE ** )
** QUEUE ** ( CDR ** QUEUE ** ) ) ) )
( SETQ ** CLINK ** ( GET ** PROCESS ** ' CLINK ) ) ( SETQ ** VAL ** ( GET ** PROCESS ** ' VAL ) ) ' TERMINATE -VALUE ) EVALUATE !UNINTERRUPTIBLY
merely binds the variable * ALLOW * to NIL , and then evaluates its argument .
This is why this primitive follows the scoping rules for variables !
( DEFPROP EVALUATE!UNINTERRUPTIBLY
EVALUATE!UNINTERRUPTIBLY
AINT ) ( DEFUN EVALUATE !UNINTERRUPTIBLY
() ( SETQ ** ENV ** ( CONS ( LIST '* ALLOW * NIL ) ** ENV ** )
** EXP ** ( CADR ** EXP ** )
** PC** ' AEVAL ) )
DEFINE closes the function to be defined in the null environment , and installs the closure in the LISP value cell .
( DEFPROP DEFINE DEFINE AINT ) ( DEFUN DEFINE () ( SET ( CADR ** EXP ** ) ( LIST 'BETA ( CADDR ** EXP ** ) NIL ) ) ( SETQ ** VAL ** ( CADR ** EXP ** ) ) ( RESTORE ) ) ASET looks up the specified variable in the current environment , and clobbers the value cell in the environment with the new value .
If the variable is not bound in the current environment , the LISP value cell is set .
Note that ASET does not need to be an AINT , since it does not fool with order of evaluation ; all it needs is access to the " machine register " ** ENV ** .
( DEFUN ASET ( VAR VALU ) ( SETQ ** TEM ** ( ASSQ VAR ** ENV ** ) )
( COND ( ** TEM ** ( RPLACA ( CDR ** TEM ** ) VALU ) ) ( T ( SET VAR VALU ) ) )
VALU ) CATCH binds the tag variable to a DELTA expression which contains the current CLINK .
When AEVAL applies such an expression as a function ( of one argument ) , it makes the ** CLINK ** in the DELTA expression be the ** CLINK ** , places the value of the argument in ** VAL ** , and does a RESTORE .
The effect is to return from the CATCH expression with the argument to the DELTA ​expression as its value ( can you see why ? ) .
( DEFPROP CATCH ACATCH AINT ) ( DEFUN ACATCH () ( SETQ ** ENV ** ( CONS ( LIST ( CADR ** EXP ** ) ( LIST 'DELTA ** CLINK ** ) )
** ENV ** )
** EXP ** ( CADDR ** EXP ** )
** PC** ' AEVAL ) ) PAIRLIS is as in the LISP 1.5 Programmer 's Manual [ McCarthy ] [ 10 ] .
( DEFUN PAIRLIS ( X Y Z ) ( DO (( I X ( CDR I ) ) ( J Y ( CDR J ) ) ( L Z ( CONS ( LIST ( CAR I ) ( CAR J ) ) L ) ) ) (( AND ( NULL I ) ( NULL J ) ) L ) ( AND ( OR ( NULL I ) ( NULL J ) ) ( ERROR '|WRONG NUMBER OF ARGUMENTS - PAIRLIS| ** EXP ** ' WRNG -NO - ARGS ) ) ) )
AMACRO s are fairly complicated beasties , and have very little to do with the basic issues of the implementation of SCHEME per se , so the code for them will not be given here .
AMACRO s behave almost exactly like MacLISP macros [ Moon ] [ 4 ] .
This is the end of the SCHEME interpreter !
​
Warning : template has been deprecated .
Acknowledgements [ edit ]
This paper would not have happened if Sussman had not been forced to think about lambda calculus by having to teach 6.031 , nor would it have happened had not Steele been forced to understand PLASMA by morbid curiosity .
This work developed out of an initial attempt to understand the actorness of actors .
Steele thought he understood it , but could n't explain it ; Sussman suggested the experimental approach of actually building an " ACTORS interpreter " .
This interpreter attempted to intermix the use of actors and LISP lambda expressions in a clean manner .
When it was completed , we discovered that the " actors " and the lambda expressions were identical in implementation .
Once we had discovered this , all the rest fell into place , and it was only natural to begin thinking about actors in terms of lambda calculus .
The original interpreter was call - by - name for various reasons having to do with 6.031 ; we subsequently experimentally discovered how call - by - name screws iteration , and rewrote it to use call - by - value .
Note well that we did not bring forth a clean implementation in one brilliant flash of understanding ; we used an experimental and highly empirical approach to bootstrap our knowledge .
We wish to thank the staff of 6.031 , Mike Dertouzos , and Steve Ward , for precipitating this intellectual adventure .
​ Warning : template has been deprecated .
Bibliography [ edit ] [ Bobrow and Wegbreit ]
Bobrow , Daniel G. and Wegbreit , Ben . " A Model and Stack Implementation of Multiple Environments . "
CACM 16 , 10 ( October 1973 ) pp. 591-603 . [ Church ]
Church , Alonzo .
The Calculi of Lambda Conversion .
Annals of Mathematics Studies Number 6 . Princeton University Press ( Princeton , 1941 ) .
Reprinted by Klaus Reprint Corp. ( New York , 1965 ) .
[ Dijkstra ]
Dijkstra , Edsger W. " Solution of a Problem in Concurrent Programming Control . "
CACM 8,9 ( September 1965 ) p. 569 . [ Fischer ]
Fischer , Michael J. " Lambda Calculus Schemata . "
Proceedings of ACM Conference on Proving Assertions about Programs .
SIGPLAN Notices ( January 1972 ) .
[ Galley and Pfister ]
Galley , S.W. and Pfister , Greg .
The MDL Language .
Programming Technology Division Document SYS.11.01 .
Project MAC , MIT ( Cambridge , November 1975 ) .
[ Greif ]
Greif , Irene .
Semantics of Communicating Parallel Processes .
Ph.D. thesis .
MAC -TR - 154 , Project MAC , MIT ( Cambridge , September 1975 ) .
[ Greif and Hewitt ]
Greif , Irene and Hewitt , Carl .
Actor Semantics of Planner - 73 .
Working Paper 81 , MIT AI Lab ( Cambridge , 1975 ) .
[ Ingerman ]
Ingerman , P. Z. " Thunks -- A Way of Compiling Procedure Statements with Some Comments on Procedure Declarations . "
CACM 4,1 ( January 1961 ) pp. 55 - 58 . [ Knuth ]
Knuth , Donald E. " Additional Comments on a Problem in Concurrent Programming Control . "
CACM 9,5 ( May 1966 ) pp. 321-322. [ Lamport ]
Lamport , Leslie .
" A New Solution of Dijkstra's Concurrent Programming Problem . "
CACM 17,8 ( August 1974 ) pp. 453-455 . [ MAC ]
Project MAC Progress Report XI ( July 1973 - July 1974 ) .
Project MAC , MIT ( Cambridge , 1974 ) .
​ Warning : template has been deprecated .
[ McCarthy ]
McCarthy , John , et al. LISP 1.5 Programmer 's Manual .
The MIT Press ( Cambridge , 1965 ) .
[ McDermott and Sussman ]
McDermott , Drew V. and Sussman , Gerald Jay .
The CONNIVER Reference Manual .
AI Memo 295a .
MIT AI Lab ( Cambridge , January 1974 ) . [ Moon ]
Moon , David A. MACLISP Reference Manual , Revision 0 . Project MAC , MIT ( Cambridge , April 1974 ) .
[ Moses ]
Moses , Joel .
The Function of FUNCTION in LISP .
AI Memo 199 , MIT AI Lab ( Cambridge , June 1970 ) .
[ Reynolds ]
Reynolds , John C. " Definitional Interpreters for Higher Order Programming Languages . "
ACM Conference Proceedings 1972 .
[ Smith and Hewitt ]
Smith , Brian C. and Hewitt , Carl .
A PLASMA Primer ( draft ) .
MIT AI Lab ( Cambridge , October 1975 ) .
[ Sussman ]
Sussman , Gerald Jay , Winograd , Terry , and Charniak , Eugene .
Micro-PLANNER
Reference Manual .
AI Memo 203A .
MIT AI Lab ( Cambridge , December 1971 ) . .
Project MAC , MIT ( Cambridge , 1974 ) .
We wish to thank the staff of 6.031 , Mike Dertouzos , and Steve Ward , for precipitating this intellectual adventure .
Carl Hewitt spent many hours explaining the innards and outards of PLASMA to Steele over the course of several months ; Marilyn McClennan was also helpful in this respect .
Brian Smith and Richard Zippel helped a lot .
We wish to thank Seymour Papert , Ben Kuipers , Marvin Minsky , and Vaughn Pratt for their excellent suggestions .
This is the end of the SCHEME interpreter !
merely feeds its second argument toafter constructing a fiendishly clever environment structure .
This is done in two stages : first the skeleton of the structure is created , with null environments in the closures of the bound functions ; next the created environment is clobbered into each of the closures .
is similar to the LISP function ; it evaluates its argument , which should result in a s-expression , which is then fed back into the SCHEME expression evaluator ( ) . restores a computation from the .
The use ofis a kludge to optimize the compilation of the " microcode " .
Since our value cells effectively solve the readers and writers problem ( i.e. reads and writes of variables are indivisible ) no more than our side effect primitive is necessary to synchronize our processes [ Dijkstra ] [ Knuth ] [ Lamport ] .
However , the techniques for achieving synchronization using onlyare quite cumbersome and opaque .
It behooves the implementor to make things easier for the user by introducing a more tractable synchronization primitive ( e.g. P+V or monitors or path expressions or ... ) .
Machine language programmers have long known that the easiest way to synchronize processes is to turn off the scheduling clock during the execution of critical code .
We have introduced such a primitive , , ( which is a sort of " over- anxious serializer " , because it locks out the whole world ) into our interpreter .
As New Yorkers rush to beaches around the tri-state area this scorching summer a new report may have some folks afraid to jump in the water .
This year ’s Natural Resources Defense Council ’s Testing the Waters report found that 7 percent of beach water samples nationwide in 2009 violated health standards .
But in New York the water violations reached 11 percent -- a three percent increase from 2008 .
This increase gives New York State the nation ’s seventh worst beach water .
The report , now in its 20th year , tested the water at more than 560 New York and New Jersey beaches in addition to 3,000 beaches nationwide .
The report confirms that last summer , our nation ’s beach water continued to suffer from serious contamination that can make people sick , these include human and animal waste .
“ New York and New Jersey are home to some of the country ’s most popular beaches , but each summer they continue to be plagued with bouts of sewage and storm water pollution , ” said Sarah Chasis , director of the councils Oceans Initiative .
The report cites storm water runoff and sewage overflow as contaminants in beach water , causing 1,955 closing and advisory days in the New York / New Jersey region in 2009 .
“ Once again this critical report highlights the growing need for aggressively addressing polluted storm water runoff , ” said Adrienne Esposito , Executive Director of Citizens Campaign for the Environment .
Esposito also noted that Long Island beaches were closed or under advisory for 888 days in 2009 , a 10 % increase from 2008 .
The Testing the Waters notes that the number of closing and advisory days increased 10 % from 2008 to 1,775 closing and advisory days in 2009 .
A majority of closings in New York were caused by storm water runoff due to unusually heavy precipitation .
The report rated the beaches on a scale of five stars .
The stars are awarded on the basis water quality , monitoring frequency , and public notification of contamination .
Out of a possible 5 stars New York / New Jersey beaches received no more than 3 stars .
The report noted that all the beaches tested failed to always issue advisories promptly after a health standard was exceeded or to test more than once a week .
The council also noted that water quality was tested only 1 once a week while some only test 2 times per month .
Area beaches like the Bronx ’s Orchard Beach and Robert Moses State Park Beach on Long Island , received the lowest rating of only one star , due to an uptake in health standards violations last summer .
“ The remedy is simple –we need to use Green Infrastructure to slow the flow , soak it in , and spread it out .
Green infrastructure harnesses nature , allowing the earth to absorb the water and slowing its release into storm systems , " the report said .
" These solutions are cheap , easy and effective . ”
Connecticut beaches fared better with total closings decreasing 20 percent at 108 days in 2009 down from 135 days in 2008 .
Most of the closings were attributed to preemptive closings due to elevated bacteria levels .
Contamination levels were credited to storm water runoff while the remaining 19 percent were noted to come from unknown sources of contamination .
In New Jersey , the percentage of exceeded health increased to 5 percent in 2009 from 3 percent in 2008 .
This allowed New Jersey keep its national rank steady at 14th in the nation
New Jersey did however see a 13 percent decrease in the amount of beach closings and advisories from 2008 .
But the decrease could be attributed to closings and advisories issued after medical waste washed up on Cape May .
The state of New jersey did see a 33 percent increase in closing and advisory days due to water quality tests showing an exceeded amount of health standard violations .
Preemptive advisories issued after heavy rainfall also rose 128 percent due to increased rainfall .
“ Smart water practices are available today to help protect our beaches , while also greening the landscapes of our cities and towns , ” said NRDC senior attorney Lawrence Levine .
The council has a court case pending that challenges New York State for not doing enough to prevent and reduce runoff pollution statewide .
The council did however concede that New York State recently made advances in requiring smarter water practices for new development projects .
They also note that loopholes remain that undercut the effectiveness of these practices .
“ These green infrastructure approaches are starting to take hold in parts of New York and New Jersey .
But state and local officials throughout the region need to make them standard practice , in order to achieve environmental and economic benefits that are simply not possible if we continue in our old ways , ” said Levine .
LOS ANGELES – Nintendo's new 3DS hardware is , in a word , unbelievable .
The company did n't talk about how its stunning technology works during Tuesday 's brief demo for members of the press .
But work it does :
Without using special glasses , you can see a deep , rich 3 - D display on the top screen of the new Nintendo 3DS portable .
__NINTENDO 3DS FEATURES :__Twin screens
Top is 3.5 - inch 3 - D display ; bottom is touch panel .
Technology
Possibly parallel barrier LCD .
Cameras
Twin cameras on back for 3 - D photography .
Gyro and motion sensors
Should introduce new types of movement - based gameplay .
The short , interactive demos Nintendo showed after its conference Monday morning included peeks at new Metal Gear Solid and Resident Evil games .
A slider on the right - hand side of the screen lets you adjust how " deep " the 3 - D effect looks .
You can take it all the way down to zero and see the games in 2 - D , or you can crank it up .
I found about 80 percent intensity was just right for my eyes .
When I had the 3 - D effect all the way up , I could n't quite focus on the scene in front of me .
( It'll likely be different depending on the individual player . )
Konami is producing a version of its hit PlayStation 3 game Metal Gear Solid 3 : Snake Eater for the Nintendo 3DS .
The demo showed a first - person sequence in which all sorts of crazy things happened to hero Solid Snake , all playing with the 3 - D effect : Knives flew at the camera , and a massive alligator snapped its long jaws .
In the second half of the demo , Snake walked across a bridge and avoided enemies in his usual style .
While we could n't control him , we could use the analog stick on the 3DS to adjust the camera and see the 3 - D scene from many different angles .
That analog stick on the side of the unit , by the way , is pretty fantastic .
In sharp contrast to the Sony PSP 's tiny analog nub , it 's a wide , convex pad that lets your thumb sit comfortably inside as you control the game .
A standard digital control pad sits below it .
The back of the Nintendo 3DS looks ordinary enough .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Capcom 's Resident Evil demo was a bit less involved .
It was just a brief cinematic scene showing a few characters talking about something .
( Probably zombies : I was too busy checking out the 3 - D effects to pay attention to what they were saying . )
The graphics , which are much more advanced than you 'd expect from Nintendo , left me pretty much in disbelief .
They 're on a level with Sony 's PSP , probably even a little better than that .
But the eye - popping 3 - D effect makes everything that much richer .
The other demo Nintendo showed was n't a game at all .
It was a collection of 3 - D scenes from various Nintendo games .
Each tableau , like a shoebox diorama , was animated , and we could move the camera around to better see how the 3 - D effect made the characters pop .
Familiar faces from Mario , Zelda and Pikmin danced and played onscreen while we tilted the camera around .
You can only see the 3 - D effect if you 're looking at the 3DS screen straight on , although there 's a good amount of fudge factor there – you can move the unit around quite a bit and still get the effect .
It 's not as if you have to hold your hands in the exact perfect place .
If you tilt the unit away from your face so it 's almost at a 180 - degree angle , you can still see the 3 - D effect .
If you tilt it left and right , you 'll lose the effect and the picture will go smudgy , like what happens when you remove your glasses during a 3 - D movie .
Nintendo will surely have actual games on the show floor when the E3 Expo opens later Tuesday .
But this quick look made it easy to understand that the new 3DS really does do full - on 3 - D without glasses .
See Also :
As a teenager , I read The Inner Game of Tennis , in which author Timothy Gallwey presented a cogent argument in favor of competition in sports .
As I recall all these many years later , Mr. Gallwey explained that competition can help all parties develop to their highest potential .
We hear a lot about “ healthy competition ” in our society .
We are frequently reminded that competition in industry drives innovation .
Life itself is said to be based on a system of competition that fuels evolution .
There is truth in all of these assertions about competition .
However , I am here to present a contrary view .
Against the backdrop of near - universal acceptance and celebration of competition , I will share my deep concerns about all forms of competition .
My first year as an assistant teacher in a Kindergarten , first and second grade classroom , I remember watching two young children play a board game .
Because I cared equally for both children , I wanted both of them to feel the joy of winning and avoid the sting of losing .
My anxiety grew as I watched them play , knowing that one of them would very soon be sad .
I wondered why my observer ’s point of view could n’t be shared by the participants in the game .
Could they , for a moment , forget that they each resided in separate bodies , and view themselves as one being , celebrating any outcome of the game ?
It seemed to me that their separateness was an illusion ; after all , I could easily empathize with either one of them .
Why could n’t they do the same ?
While we are participating in a competition , can we step outside of ourselves and lose any stake in one body winning at the expense of another ?
As a school teacher , I see only harm in competition .
When I was in a school that awarded a “ student of the month ” prize , each month the same tragedy played out .
No matter how hard I tried to prepare the students for the prospect that someone other than themselves would win , the ones who did n’t win were devastated .
They were only about nine years old , but as we grow older and learn to mask our disappointment , those feelings of bitterness and unfairness , and resigning to being a “ loser ” remain .
The goals of the board game the two young children participated in were to have fun along with learning something about numbers .
The goals of “ student of the month ” were to recognize achievement and give students an incentive to do better .
I believe that all of these goals can more humanely be met without competition .
I have seen students laugh and learn while playing cooperative games in the classroom , instead of what we called “ winning games , ” as well as playing games outside in the playground without teams .
And , while I have never seen any evidence that young children will improve their behavior in the moment because they want to win “ student of the month ” in the future , I have seen the powerful effect of acknowledging specific accomplishments as they occur .
Tonight , I ’m going off to watch my 12 - year - old son play soccer .
Of course , I want his team to win .
But they are playing the children of other parents , who also want their kids to win .
Why should my son experience the thrill of winning but not another parent ’s child ?
It seems to me that the only way you can root for a team is to dehumanize the other team , just a little bit .
After all , if you have as much empathy for the other team then you ca n’t really cheer against them .
Whenever you think of your team as “ us ” and their team as “ them ” and you want “ us ” to beat “ them ” , you have to think of “ them ” as a little less worthy , a little less human .
This is more apparent as the regions represented by the teams grow bigger .
In a school game , the parents might politely clap for the other parents ’ children .
In a college game , not so much .
And in regional professional games , or international competition , the spectators can turn ugly , even physically attacking each other .
All of this is despite the fact that where we happen to be – the body we inhabit , the town , religion , country – is all arbitrary .
We could just have easily been born into a body on the other side of the bleachers , rooting for the other team .
In fact , in the United States we move around so much from city to city and state to state that it seems strange to hold on to team allegiances at all .
I believe that the mentality necessary to want your team to beat the other team is the same mentality needed to engage in war .
To want to defeat others , some degree of dehumanizing is required .
In war , it is much more obvious : we have terrible names we call our opponents , we pretend that they do n’t share our values , and that their lives are not worth as much as ours .
I see competitive sports as training for war - thinking .
In fact , we hear generals and politicians commonly using metaphors they learned from sports to describe warfare .
Politicians of all stripes fall over each other in praise of the ability of their country ’s workers .
They warn against losing competition with other countries .
Growing up the United States , it would be natural to assume that there is something intrinsically better about Americans .
After all , we constantly hear about how resilient we are as a people , about our “ can do ” spirit , about “ American know how , ” about how we have the best fighting force in the world .
One would think there was something genetically superior about the people who happen to find themselves living as ( legal ) residents of the United States .
To come out on top , to be “ number one , ” we encourage industrial competition .
It ’s axiomatic that a competitive marketplace will spur innovation .
I think that competition does give companies the incentive to make new products .
But the things they are compelled to make do not necessarily reflect what people need .
Rather , they reflect what businesses think they can get people to buy .
The joy of creating more and more wonderful things that contribute to the betterment of life is a strong motivator as well .
If we replaced economic competition with a system that allowed people to use their talents to contribute freely to the world , we may have fewer devices that beat eggs while still in their shells , or toys based on games which are themselves based on cartoons in which the toys are promoted .
However , we might have more interesting music , and machines that are n’t designed to be replaced every few years .
Finally , we are told that competition is in our nature .
It would be silly to resist one ’s nature .
But let ’s take a look at nature : it is a complex system of cooperation between members of a species and across species .
Competition exists , but not the sort of competition of a sports game .
No species ( other than humans ) is trying to defeat another species , since all species rely on each other to keep the precious system in balance .
This brings me back to my first observation of the kindergarten children playing a board game .
We are individuals , but we are also part of an complete whole .
None of us live completely apart from others .
Not only are we part of an organized society , but human beings are part of the web of life on this planet .
I believe that we need to get more in touch with the imperative of cooperation for survival .
Competition is ultimately destructive .
In industry , it leads to unnecessary production , waste and pollution .
In sports , it leads to an “ us ” vs. “ them ” mentality that prepares people for the thinking required for war .
And war itself , the ultimate form of human competition , leaves death , destruction , and potentially the end of all life in its wake .
—
For an angry yet thoughtful discussion about this article , visit this Reddit comment thread .
Code :
[ B] [ U] CHANGELOG [ / U ] [ / B ] [ U ] 1.1.1 3/9[ /U ] somewhat fixed keyboard , again ported to sapphire 1.1.0 ported to cyanogenmod 6.0.0 [ U] 1.1 1/9[ /U ] updated for sapphire 1.0 somewhat fixed keyboard edited battery icons to better fit with perecentages [ U] 1.0 1/8 [ /U ] new font ( [ URL= " http://www.dafont.com/comfortaa.font "]comfortaa[/URL ] ) a bunch of visual fixes removed bootanimation only Launcher2 is themed i cant even remember in my state of mind right now .
ill tell you later [ U]1.0 pre 15/6 [ /U ] many framework - res changes many contacts changes cleaned up the files ( this is pre 1.0 .
i wanted everyone who is interested to give this a shot and let me know of any bugs i might have missed .
if everything is good ill port to other colours as well as FRFxx ) [ U] beta7 5/6 [ /U ] now hosted on [ url=http://code.google.com/p/droptheme]Google Code [ / url ] blue only !!
development on colours will stop untill blue 1.0 is out .
which should be soon .
a few days ?
music buttons coloured menu icons recoloured notification icon colour patch lockscreen endslider edited battery precentage patch eri.xml edited bootanimation ( credits to [ url=http://www.droidforums.net/forum/members/pkdesigns.html]pkdesigns[/url]) all patches now included in main Drop Theme .zip optimized OJIF [ U] beta6 29/5 [ /U ] ported to all colours ( again thank you [ URL= " http://www.droidforums.net/forum/members/raidzero.html "]raidzero[/URL ] for showing me how ) a hand full of framework - res theming , its almost complete forgot to optimize .png 's [ U] beta5.1 28/5 [ /U ] ported to green & red ( thanks to [ URL= " http://www.droidforums.net/forum/members/raidzero.html "]raidzero[/URL ] for showing me how ) updated camera organized MM .xml [ U] beta5 27/5 [ / U ] themed ADWLauncher themed Beautiful Widgets updated Contacts updated framework - res ( checkboxs / radiobuttons / other ) fixed HelixLauncher drawer selector fixed Market app title bar reverted some changes back to beta3 .
i didnt like how it looked OJIF [ U] beta4 26/5 [ /U ] updated dialer / contacts ( small bug with contacts tab ) updated : market , status icons , launcher / 2 / pro/helix fixed widgets : calendar , genie , googlesearch , youtube themed lockscreen sorry no ADW opt_png all .png 's ( thanks [ URL= " http://www.droidforums.net/forum/xeudoxus/ "]xeudoxus[/URL ] for [ URL= " http://www.droidforums.net/forum/xeudoxus/47283-release-xultimate.html " ]
MMOptimizer [ / URL ] ) as always , OJIF 99 file modifications overall [ U ] beta3 25/5 [ /U]
CyanogenMod 5.0.7 version lots of landscape fixies .
thank you .9 you piece of junk themed alarmclock themed camera themed contacts themed launcher themed launcher2 themed launcherpro themed market other junk i forgot [ U] beta2 24/5 [ / U ] themed keyboard changed lockscreen slider fixed various buttons themed selector bars themed popups youtube widget updated rethemed download status icon other junk i forgot
" Thankfully , Jeremy London survived his terrorizing ordeal in Palm Springs last week — although understandably shaken and scared , he is currently working closely with law enforcement as they investigate the horrific turn of events , " Dominic Friesen told E !
News .
" Jeremy is spending quality time in an undisclosed location with family and friends , and appreciates the overwhelming support from his fans . "
Police have also come forth to provide more details of the harrowing encounter .
According to the Palm Springs Police Department , London was changing his flat tire at roughly 2 p.m. when several men stopped to help him .
They were presumably on foot as , after the tire was successfully changed , London sought to return their favor by offering them a ride home .
They obviously accepted , but soon after turned the tables on the actor , holding him up at gunpoint in the car .
" The gunman forced London to drive to various locations throughout the city , purchase alcohol and use illicit drugs , " police spokeswoman Melissa Desmarais said in a statement .
While what drugs exactly he was forced to use have n't been confirmed , he reportedly was forced to smoke crack cocaine or amphetamines .
London 's car was later found in the Gateway Estates neighborhood , where one of the alleged abductors lives .
It 's unclear how , exactly , the actor escaped , but escape he did .
After roughly 12 hours at the mercy of the kidnappers , London finally got away from the men and immediately after , at 2:35 a.m. , contacted police .
Making his recovery all the more difficult from the terrorizing event is the fact that London , currently in the midst of a divorce and custody battle , is a recovering drug addict .
He has long gone public with his battle and last year entered rehab to deal with his affinity for prescription pills .
Complicating things further is the fact that London was apparently driving on a suspended license at the time of his abduction .
According to a clerk at the Riverside Superior Court , the actor was cited in January for driving on a suspended license and , as he has yet to answer to the misdemeanor charge , his license remains suspended .
Now for the good news : a suspect has already been detained and charged by Palm Springs police for the ordeal , which at least appears to have been completely random .
Brandon Adams was arrested later that day .
The identification of the 26 - year - old was made easier as , equally bizarrely , an officer actually spotted him and his as yet unidentified accomplice when they initially stopped at London 's car .
The officer suspected nothing sinister at the time , thinking the men were simply helping a driver change his tire and as a result , unfortunately , did not pull over .
Adams was arraigned on Tuesday and has been charged with kidnapping , robbery , possession of stolen property , vehicle theft , carjacking and using a firearm during the commission of a felony .
The 26 - year - old is currently being held at the Larry D. Smith Correctional Facility .
Detectives are continuing to investigate the case .
— Reporting by Whitney English
( Originally published on June 17 , 2010 at 9:32 a.m. PT )
Founded in 2001 , Su Zhou Tong Li logistic Equipments Co. , Ltd specialize in the design , producing , installing and testing of China Pallet Racking , Drive In racking , Dexion Racking , Cantilever Racking , Longspan Shelving , Angle shelving , Boltless Shelving , Mezzanine Floor ...
We offer an extensive range of sizes and capacities .
In addition to our standard items , an engineering department can custom design anything from a single rack component or accessory to an entire warehouse system .
Tong
Li selects high quality raw materials for engaged in designing , producing and installing all kinds of adjustable Heavy duty Pallet Racking , Drive in Racking .
Cantilever Racking , Mezzanine Racking ( Multi tier Racks ) , Long Span Shelving , Roller Pallet Racks ( Flow Racks ) , light duty Racking , Display shelving and Racks related utensil .
Our products are widely used in various kinds of fields such as Industry , Manufacturing , Logistice , Super - market , Show Room , Exhibition , etc .
The quality management system of the Tong Li Products Division is registered to ISO 9001:2000 .
We take pride in our quality management system and the resulting quality in our products and services .......
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Nairobi Ad Policy
When United Nations member countries meet in New York in September to review progress toward meeting the 2015 Millennium Development Goals , it ’s a safe bet that one conclusion they ’ll reach is that Africa is failing miserably .
In an April interview with South Africa ’s News24 , UN official Osten Chulu said that on the goal of halving extreme poverty , the world as a whole is doing reasonably well , " but Africa , especially the sub -Saharan region , is seriously lagging behind . "
Sitting here in Kenya , I find it hard to believe that the situation is really as grim as portrayed by the UN , the World Bank and most of the NGO crowd .
OK , maybe the rapid growth of Nairobi shopping malls , complete with fake waterfalls and expensive dress shops , is mainly a middle - class phenomenon .
But whenever I travel in the countryside I am equally struck by the fact that so many rural women sport stylish braids or other hair designs — a far cry from the simple head scarves of forty years ago .
So I was very excited a couple of months ago when I read a Reuters story about a new study by two academics , Xavier Sala - i- Martin , a Catalan economist who teaches at Columbia , and Maxim Pinkovskiy , an MIT doctoral student , titled " African Poverty Is Falling … Much Faster Than You Think ! "
In the paper , published under the auspices of the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER , the sober outfit that decrees when recessions have begun and ended ) , the two argue that " the conventional wisdom that Africa is not reducing poverty is wrong … .
In fact , since 1995 , African poverty has been falling steadily . "
The reductions have occurred , Sala - i- Martin and Pinkovskiy report , in all types of countries and all regions .
Moreover , economic growth has n’t benefited only the elites ; inequality within countries has declined throughout the continent .
For several days after reading the Reuters piece , I checked the Internet to see how other major news organizations , especially those in the United States and Britain , would follow Reuters ’s lead .
Given the media ’s appetite for provocative news from the world of science and health — whether on how fast the polar ice caps are melting or the value of drinking a glass of wine a day — I assumed that sooner or later everyone would want to report on this latest case of man -bites - dog .
But apart from mentions in a couple of blogs and one piece in the Guardian , there was hardly a squeak .
( I did find some earlier references to a possible fall in African poverty , but none so definitive or high - profile as the Sala - i - Martin and Pinkovskiy paper . )
My efforts to discover why this was so led me eventually to the Nairobi office of Professor Michael Chege , a Berkeley - trained economist who is a Kenyan government adviser on international development policy .
" I ca n’t fault the methods " used in the paper , Chege told me ( although he noted that the standard international data on which virtually all researchers depend is n’t that good to begin with ) .
And , he said , the conclusions are in accord with the results of Kenya ’s own poverty surveys .
But in a world in which the conventional wisdom that Africa is a basket case is so strong , it ’s hard to break through .
The Sala - i- Martin / Pinkovskiy paper " is going to produce a storm , but unfortunately it will be just among the academic types , " Chege predicted .
So far , it has been more of a mild breeze than a storm , but Chege was right in foreseeing that the study would n’t get much attention beyond the world of professional economists .
Probably the most prominent of those who responded was Martin Ravallion , director of the Development Research Group at the World Bank , one of the institutions cited by Sala - i - Martin and Pinkovskiy as having a gloomy view of Africa .
Ravallion wrote a dismissive blog post on the World Bank site , noting that owing to population growth , even if poverty rates have fallen , which he said his own research showed , the actual number of poor people has not .
The business world was more receptive .
Razia Khan , head of macroeconomic research at Standard Chartered Bank in Britain , referred to the paper in a May report predicting that foreign investment in Africa is " likely to rise significantly from current levels . "
I found the Khan report particularly interesting , coming as it did soon after Actis , a Britain - based private equity firm , announced it would put $ 1 billion into African investments ranging from consumer goods to financial services in order to cater to the continent ’s growing middle class .
So just where does what Khan refers to as " Afro- pessimism " come from ?
" There is a vested interest in keeping the aid industry going , " Chege said .
" You have people in government who have an addiction to this money , and you have all these organizations and people like UNDP [ the UN Development Programme ] and Jeffrey Sachs who have an interest in projecting things in negative terms .
If things are OK , you are destroying their careers ; you ’re going at their jobs . "
If that sounds like conspiracy thinking , it ’s not just Africans who are members of the cabal .
New York University economics professor William Easterly , author of The White Man ’s Burden : Why the West ’s Efforts to Aid the Rest Have Done So Much Ill and So Little Good , wrote a paper published in World Development in early 2008 in which he argued that the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) had been deliberately set up in such a way that African countries could not possibly meet them .
As one example he cited the first goal of reducing by half the poverty rate between 1990 and 2015 .
To achieve the goal , he wrote , all of Africa would have to achieve 7 percent annual growth over a decade — something that only one in ten countries in the world achieved in any decade between 1965 and 2005 .
Even if the motive in thus framing the MDGs was to raise more aid money for Africa , Easterly wrote , the result — a litany of failures — " matters because it is demoralizing to African leaders and activists , and because it might have real consequences for things like private foreign investment to reinforce the stereotype that ‘ Africa always fails . ’ "
Elaborating on his comments in a recent phone conversation , Easterly said you do n’t have to be an extreme cynic to conclude that negative images " are good for NGO donations and good for aid budgets . "
Speaking about the language in which development plans for Africa are couched , he said , " At bottom there is a kind of ‘ We white people know best ’ attitude .
They may use words like ’ empowerment , ’ but who is actually going to make decisions ?
The aid givers . "
As if to underscore the accuracy of these observations , and their application beyond Africa , the New York Times ran a front - page story on April 13 headlined " Maternal Deaths Decline Sharply Across the Globe . "
The story noted that according to the editor of The Lancet , which published the maternal deaths study , " some advocates for women ’s health tried to pressure The Lancet into delaying publication of the new findings , fearing that good news would detract from the urgency of their cause . "
Easterly remarked on his blog , " People have long accused aid officials and advocates of being afraid of putting themselves out of business by success , but it ’s rare that such an episode is documented so clearly . "
Sadly , many Africans seem to have accepted the negative picture of themselves they see reflected in the reports of the UN and others .
Scrolling through responses posted on the websites where the Sala - i - Martin / Pinkovskiy paper was discussed , I found that the most vehement disagreements seemed to come from Africans .
" To suggest that poverty is falling in Africa , something must be wrong with those indicators , " wrote one Ugandan on the World Bank site .
The comments put me in mind of a remark made recently by an older Kenyan woman I know when we got to talking about why Kenyans seem to delight in claiming to have the worst roads and the worst politicians in the world .
Such comments reflect deep anxieties , not just a love of bragging , she said .
During the colonial time " we were told constantly that we were stupid , " she said .
" It ’s not easy to overcome that . "
When the UN countries meet in September , I hope someone will speak to the issue of whether Africa is really " failing " in its pursuit of the MDGs or whether , as Sala - i - Martin , Chege and Easterly would argue , in some areas Africa is doing quite well .
And I also hope that more Westerners will come here and decide for themselves whether to be pessimists or optimists about this continent .
One such Westerner wrote on an Economist site devoted to the Sala - i - Martin / Pinkovskiy paper that during a trip to Uganda , he found himself in the middle of nowhere with a broken - down car and no phone .
A woman selling fruit on the side of the road offered use of her cellphone — for a price — and then produced cold Coca - Colas from a hidden refrigerator connected to a generator .
" There we were in the middle of ‘ darkest Africa ’ sipping a cool beverage waiting for our ride , " the Westerner wrote .
" We had cash and she was able to supply our demand . "
My own experiences are n’t quite as dramatic , but they illustrate the same point .
My husband and I have made several friends in a Masai area where , for the past three years , we ’ve gone hiking on the weekends .
We told them recently that in exchange for their letting us walk freely on their land , we ’d like to contribute in some way toward local education .
The community elders discussed our offer and proposed that we pay for a teacher to teach the youngest children , who found it very hard to navigate the steep hill and long walk to the nearest government school .
The cost would be minimal — something on the order of $ 70 a month .
But how to get the teacher her pay ?
Someone suggested M - Pesa , a cellphone money - transfer technology used by 10 million subscribers in Kenya .
But here ’s the kicker : despite being from one of those supposedly advanced countries where people wring their hands over Africa ’s plight , I was n’t yet one of those subscribers .
Blocknews and Usenetnow are pleased to welcome all Deals .
Woot members to our exclusive Independance Day Usenet Sale !
Both sites are offering there own special deal so read below for all of the great details !
Up for grabs at Blocknews is 100 Gigabytes for $ 10.99 !
Pay only once and take your time to use it up !
Never any rebilling !
Why pay monthly for usenet when you only need access every now and again ?
All accounts include SSL encryption , our industry leading retention , posting & great service all with access to our servers located in the US and Europe !
Click Here To Get Started With Blocknews !
Up for grabs at Usenetnow is unlimited accounts for $ 10.19 per month !
These accounts include SSL encryption , our industry leading retention , posting & our great service all with access to our servers located in the US and Europe !
These accounts re-bill each month until canceled .
Do not miss out !
Click Here To Get Started With Usenetnow !
Microsoft is n't using the " K " word - Kill , that is - but it appears that 's what the company is doing to its KIN mobile phones , just six weeks after they hit retail shelves .
Details are sketchy because Microsoft is n't really saying much beyond a three - sentence statement from " a company spokesperson " that , quite frankly , says it all :
Microsoft has made the decision to focus on the Windows Phone 7 launch and will not ship KIN in Europe this fall as planned .
Additionally , we are integrating our KIN team with the Windows Phone 7 team , incorporating valuable ideas and technologies from KIN into future Windows Phone releases .
We will continue to work with Verizon in the U.S. to sell current KIN phones .
So there you have it .
Maybe the rumors were true .
The buzz last week was that Microsoft had only sold 500 KINs .
Nope , I did n't leave out a zero or two .
That 's Five Hundred .
Yup , that 's it .
The KIN , of course , was supposed to be targeted at the teenage audience but that had trouble written on it from the very beginning .
Teens do n't need scaled - down smartphones .
Some of their parents might need one - but teens today are savvy enough to be using iPhones , Android devices , BlackBerrys and other higher - end devices .
Microsoft should have known that .
Maybe this was the smartest move that Microsoft could have made .
Microsoft could have kept pouring money into the KIN lineup but bloggers like me would have probably just mocked them for standing by a loser .
Instead , Microsoft appears to be cutting its losses and spinning those KIN resources into the launch of Windows Phone 7 later this year .
The person in Redmond who suggested that strategy deserves a raise .
Also : Remembering KIN : The original photo gallery .
Officials for BP on Saturday encountered a significant setback in their efforts to attach a containment dome over a leaking well on the seabed of the Gulf of Mexico , forcing them to move the dome aside while they find another method to cap the crude oil flowing into the Gulf since April 20 .
Officials discovered that gas hydrates , ice - like crystals lighter than water , had built up inside the 100 - ton metal container .
The hydrates threatened to make the dome buoyant , and they also plugged up the top of the dome , preventing it from being effective .
“ I would n’t say it has failed yet , ” Doug Suttles , BP ’s chief operating officer , said at a news conference in Robert , La .
“ What we attempted to do last night has n’t worked . ”
As a consequence , crews had to lift the dome off the well and place it on the seabed .
BP officials said they had anticipated a problem with hydration — but not this soon in the operation .
Since last week they had been cautioning that this type of procedure had never before been tried at 5,000 feet below the surface .
BP has struggled to find any method to stem the majority of the oil , leaking at least 5,000 gallons barrels — roughly 210,000 gallons — each day .
For now , they have put the dome 650 feet to the side of the leaking well , “ while we evaluate options , ” Mr. Suttles said .
The containment dome was supposed to be the largest - scale method to cap the majority of the oil flow so far .
Other efforts continued on Saturday , as BP said that the drilling a relief well , which would be able to collect the oil at one source of the leak , had reached 9,000 feet .
Weather prevented crews from doing a controlled burn of some of the oil , as they had done successfully on Friday , but they were still able to lay protective boom , said Rear Adm .
Mary Landry of the Coast Guard .
On May 15 my site SpamOrHam.org was mentioned in a story on the front page of Slashdot .
Up until the moment when a link to the site appeared on Slashdot people had been visiting the site and classifying about 100 messages per hour ( that 's period A in the chart below ) .
All that changed at 1530 GMT on May 15 .
In the first half an hour ( until 1600 ) around 3,300 classifications were made ( an increase of 33 x ) .
Point B on the chart is the peak of 9,803 classifications in an hour that occurred during the hour starting 2000 GMT .
By this time the story was no longer number one on the Slashdot ( it was demoted from the number one spot at 1628 GMT ) .
At point C the site dropped from its peak classification rate , this occurred nine hours after the story first hit Slashdot .
Those nine hours correspond to 0700 to 1600 in California and 1000 to 1900 in New York ; peak working hours in the US .
The second significant peak occurs at point D occurred 22 hours after the story hit Slashdot ; that corresponds to 1100 GMT on May 16 .
During this period the US is sleeping , but Europe is awake and working .
There 's a smaller peak that I 've labeled E which occurs 16 hours after the story hit the front page .
That 's 0500 GMT which just happens to be 1500 in eastern Australia and similarly the middle of the afternoon in Asia .
Happily although the site is no longer on Slashdot , classifications remain 5 x higher than before it was mentioned .
Labels : rants and raves
