Clientcopia : Stupid Client Quotes ...
Total Stupid Comments : 8391
There 's no getting around it .
At some point in your career , your patience will be tested with a stupid client who is so clueless that you 'll question your sanity , career choice , and the future of mankind .
You may have dealt with one already , one that just stuns you like a deer in headlights .
Dumbfounded to utter anything but an " uhhh ... " .
Some clients have no concept of reality .
They make up their mind , just to change it again to an even more hideous decision .
And will end up blaming you for the mess .
Can we honestly blame the client ?
Sure we can ...
Clientcopia was created to give you an escape .
Take joy in knowing you are not alone .
PORT OF SPAIN , Trinidad
AS chief of the political section at the American Embassy here for the last two years , Avraham Rabby has had the job of surveying Trinidad ’s political landscape for Washington .
The fact that he has not actually seen the Caribbean island — or any of the places on five continents where he has been posted — has not stymied him .
“ I necessarily listen more than a sighted person would , ” he said .
“ If I ’m walking along a street , I can tell there is a building next to me because of the echoes of my feet or my cane .
A blind person sees the world differently from a sighted person .
Our impressions are no less valid . ”
Mr. Rabby , who lost his sight at the age of 8 because of detached retinas , is the State Department ’s first blind diplomat .
It is an achievement he fought for in the 1980s , passing three written entrance exams and two oral exercises along the way .
But even then , the State Department barred him from the diplomatic corps .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The head of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration raised concerns on Wednesday about a bill in Congress that would order the FDA to regulate cigarettes , an idea backed by public health groups and many Democrats .
FDA Commissioner Andrew von Eschenbach said the bill , which is opposed by some Republicans , “ may be extremely difficult for the FDA to implement . ”
“ We have concerns that the bill could undermine the public health role of the FDA , ” von Eschenbach said in written testimony submitted for a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing on the legislation .
Von Eschenbach did not appear at the hearing .
He also raised doubts about whether the FDA would have adequate resources to enforce cigarette rules and about public expectations that FDA oversight might create .
But Democrats on the panel said that , after years of failed attempts to put cigarettes within the FDA ’s purview , the time has come for action .
“ Regulation of tobacco is the single most important thing we can do right now to curb the deadly toll of tobacco , ” said California Democrat Henry Waxman , a key backer of the bill .
“ I am convinced that , in this Congress , tobacco regulation legislation will see the light of day .
We are determined it will , ” said New Jersey Democrat Frank Pallone .
Major tobacco companies are closely watching the bill , including Altria Group Inc , Reynolds American Inc and British American Tobacco Industries Plc .
All would be affected if it passes .
On August 1 , a U.S. Senate committee endorsed a similar bill with the support of health groups and Altria ’s Philip Morris , the nation ’s largest cigarette maker .
Since then , the bills have picked up significant bipartisan support on Capitol Hill .
The House measure now has 200 co-sponsors , while the Senate version has 55 .
At the hearing , nonetheless , some Republican lawmakers raised concerns similar to von Eschenbach’s .
“ We ought to take a step back and really think about it ...
You ca n’t just keep piling more and more work on the FDA without giving the agency additional resources , ” said Texas Republican Joe Barton .
Another Texas Republican , Michael Burgess , said he opposes smoking , but questioned putting the FDA in charge of regulating a product that is inherently unhealthful .
“ Why are we going to waste taxpayer dollars to regulate a product like this ?
What do we got next in line ?
Crystal meth ? , ” Burgess said .
The House bill would enable the FDA to police cigarette labeling , restrict their sales , prohibit flavored cigarettes and recall tobacco products seen as unreasonably harmful .
The FDA would also have to approve all new cigarettes and other tobacco products , and set standards for so - called reduced - risk products .
The agency would not be empowered to ban cigarettes or require nicotine levels of zero under the bill .
Waxman said : “ Tobacco is different from other products regulated by the FDA ... FDA needs new resources to do the job and that ’s why we have a user fee in the bill . ”
Tobacco companies would fund the FDA ’s oversight of their industry under the House bill through hundreds of millions of dollars in user fees likely to raise the price of cigarettes .
Smoking is the number one preventable cause of death in the United States , leading to more than 400,000 deaths and $ 96 billion in health care costs each year , health groups say .
If you 're like me , you are painfully aware of the state of this country and the world .
Day after day , we fill our Internetz tubes , visiting both news and blog sites to find out how much further America is tilting towards fascism , how closer the Middle East is to total combustion thanks to American interference and how well Bush 's new Napoleon costume fits .
And , then , sometimes reality sucker - punches you and all Bush - inspired insanity takes a back seat to Life 101 .
A month ago , I was writing about Bruce Springsteen .
In the last four weeks , my home has been buffeted by 75 mph winds , the place my wife and I were married was destroyed by the California wildfires , a movie I wrote tanked , my union went on strike and , oh yeah , my Dad died .
My Dad was the kind of guy that would have panicked the pompous PNAC putzes and sent Dubya running for the hills .
He was the real deal , embodying the type of American principles that give today 's conservative Republicans skid marks .
In his later years , my Dad became a Zen master at reading contemporary America .
He astutely summed up politicians with a succinct : " They 're all bums . "
He interpreted the credo of the uber rich as being : " Hooray for me .
The hell with everybody else . "
He viewed televangelists with disdain , calling them " goddamned hypocrites . "
He distilled the post 9/11 political mind - set thusly : " This country is fucked up . "
He watched Fox News because he hated it , singling out O'Reilly and Hannity as " IBMs - Irish Big Mouths . "
Dad watched a lot of stuff that got his dander up .
Why ?
Because he was born in a time when ordinary Americans had to fight to survive and , to the end , he was a fighter .
Dad ( born George H. Nahaczewski ) was a child of the Depression .
I guess if you had to pigeonhole him , politically , he was an FDR populist .
For him , it was n't a political philosophy , though .
It was second nature .
Dad was one of seven children , his parents immigrants .
His family moved from rental house to rental house in Elizabeth , New Jersey , often slipping out at night when the rent could n't be paid and the landlord was n't around .
At an early age , he helped his family by stealing both food and clothing and staying one step ahead of the beat cop .
All his gang did .
If Martin Scorsese directed " The Little Rascals , " you 'd have an idea of that hardscrabble lifestyle .
After FDR was elected , Dad saw his chance to help out his mom financially , since his father had the habit of trading paychecks for hooch .
He quit school and joined the Civilian Conservation Corps , cutting down trees and building fire roads .
After his stint in the CCCs , he got work in a factory to help keep his family afloat .
When World War II started , he enlisted in the Army .
He sent most of his money home to his mom .
To the day he died , my father regarded that War as one of the greatest experiences in his life .
My brother , George , found a secret stash of Dad 's photos from the service .
He was happy , determined and proud .
You could see he felt he was making a difference .
After the war , Dad went back to the grind of factory work , got married and raised a family .
We did n't have a lot of money ( We got our first car , my uncle 's used Plymouth , when I was six . ) , but Dad was used to that and made the best of it .
Laid off from a non-union gig after nineteen years , he took a variety of jobs before joining the Teamsters and working as a yardman for a motor freight company for another twenty years .
Double shifts .
Night shifts .
Chaining autos to train cars in both sub - freezing weather and blistering heat .
If it fazed him , he did n't let on .
He was proud that his kids went to school and that , down the line , they 'd graduate college .
He was proud to be a union man , too .
Dad was n't a big churchgoer , but he lived the Golden Rule .
In New Jersey , you 're not allowed to pump your own gas .
When I was a kid , we 'd pull into a gas station and this guy in a uniform would gas the car , wipe the windshield and check under the hood .
If the bill was two dollars , Dad would give the guy three bucks and tell him to keep the change .
I 'd ask Dad why he gave the man a tip .
Dad would say : " He works hard for his money .
He deserves it . "
( Years later , when I had my first - used - car , gas station attendants were shocked to get a tip from a long - haired , bearded weirdo .
Ah , genetics . )
Dad was the ultimate Good Samaritan , too .
If you needed a helping hand , if your car had a flat , or you ran out of gas , he was there .
It did n't matter to him if you were white , black , brown , yellow or paisley .
You were in a fix .
He knew what that was like .
He pulled over .
If he had a buck fifty in his pocket and you were hungry , he'd give you a buck twenty - five .
He knew what it was to go hungry .
And he did n't do good deeds for bragging rights .
He did them because it WAS right .
My brother told me this story after Dad died .
He 's a musician .
A drummer friend of his , from Brooklyn , had car trouble in Jersey .
He called information to get my brother 's number but got Dad 's instead .
Dad , who'd never met the guy , drove out to the guy 's car , took him to a nearby train station and , then , asked him if he had enough money to get home okay .
The only way my brother knew about this was that , the next day , the drummer called him up to get Dad 's address to send a thank - you note .
He told my brother : " They do n't make guys like that , anymore . "
And , you know what ?
That should n't be the case .
America used to be a place where it was n't odd to find a Good Samaritan .
Everyone was in the same boat , chasing the same dream : a steady job , a home of your own , kids who'd have it better than you did .
Folks worked hard to achieve that dream , because they knew that working hard was the only way to attain it .
Somewhere along the line , the American dream turned into a nightmare .
Greed was good .
The bottom line replaced the Golden Rule .
Companies turned on their workers .
Captains of Industry became Captains of Outsourcing .
Union - bashing blossomed .
Politicians saw themselves as either prophets or profiteers .
A sense of entitlement wormed its way into the country 's DNA .
The percentage of flaming assholes in high places soared .
A lot of folks , folks like my Dad , reacted with a WTF look of astonishment .
They remembered Pearl Harbor .
After that attack on American soil , they were asked to sacrifice - not to buy big - ticket items at the President 's behest .
Now , I 'm not nominating my Dad for sainthood .
He could swear like a sailor , was great at holding a grudge ( Up until his death , he still was dissing my Mom 's mom , and she died in 1972 ! ) and would threaten physical harm to anyone he felt crossed him .
But he was part of an America that , perhaps , we 'll never see the likes of again .
He was part of a generation that has been called " The Greatest . "
I do n't know whether it was the Greatest , but it sure was the most Genuine .
Dad was 86 when he died , the world changing rapidly around him .
Yet , he still found a way to link our current Bizarro times with the times he grew up in .
Dad did grunt work all his life .
I 'm a writer .
My brother is a guitarist .
Imagine how hard it was for him to wrap his head around that .
Yet , he always praised us because he knew " how hard you guys work . "
At the cemetery , a military honor guard was present .
They took the American flag from Dad 's coffin and folded it .
A bugler played " Taps . "
Only the bugler did n't have a real horn .
He had a Mattel deal that had a pre-recorded version of " Taps " embedded in it .
The soldier raised it to his lips and pushed a button .
You see , between all the WW II vets passing and the deaths of our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan , our military has run out of buglers .
One of the honor guards , a petite young woman , presented the folded flag to my younger brother , saluting and saying that " President George W. Bush " was honoring my father 's service to his country .
A sense of anger welled up within me even as my tears fell .
A phony President and a bogus bugler .
Welcome to America .
A few weeks ago , our Popinjay - in - chief said that vetoing bills was a way for him to remain relevant .
Guys like Junior are , and always have been , irrelevant in the greater scheme of things .
Their greatest talent is causing harm .
Ordinary folks like my father were and are the backbone and heart of this nation .
Out of the spotlight , they are the glue that holds what 's left of America together .
They define the word " relevant . "
So , taking the lead from the Rolling Stones :
" Lets drink to the hard working people .
Lets drink to the salt of the earth .
Lets drink to the two thousand million .
Lets think of the humble of birth . "
_______
Elephants associated the colour red with the Maasai
Sensing danger
St Andrews University researchers found that elephants could recognise the degree of danger posed by different groups of individuals .
The study found African elephants reacted with fear when they detected the scent of garments previously worn by men of the Maasai tribe .
Maasai men are known to demonstrate their virility by spearing elephants .
Level of risk
The elephants also responded aggressively to red clothing , which is characteristic of traditional Maasai dress .
However , the elephants showed much milder reaction to clothing previously worn by the Kamba people , agriculturalists who pose little threat .
The psychologists said they had expected to find elephants might be able to distinguish among different human groups according to the level of risk they posed .
They said : " We were not disappointed .
In fact , we think that this is the first time that it has been experimentally shown that any animal can categorise a single species of potential predator into subclasses based on such subtle cues . "
A young Maasai man , dressed in traditional garments
The researchers , Dr Lucy Bates and Professor Richard Byrne , first presented elephants with clean , red clothing and with red clothing that had been worn for five days by either a Maasai or a Kamba man .
They found that Maasai - scented clothing motivated elephants to travel significantly faster in the first minute after they moved away .
The elephants also travelled further in the first five minutes , and took significantly longer to relax after they stopped running away .
They then investigated whether elephants could also use garment colour as a cue to classify potential threat and found the elephants reacted with aggression towards red but not to white cloth .
This suggested that they associated the colour red with the Maasai .
It may be that their abilities will turn out to equal or exceed those of our closer relatives , the monkeys and apes
Professor Richard Byrne
St Andrews University
The researchers believe the difference in the elephants ' emotional reaction to odour versus colour might relate to the amount of risk they sense in the two situations , encouraged by a particularly keen sense of smell .
" With any scent of Maasai present , fear and escape reactions seem to dominate anything else , " said Dr Bates .
Professor Byrne added : " While elephants can undoubtedly be dangerous when they come into conflict with humans , our data show that , given the opportunity , they would far rather run away , even before they encounter the humans in person .
" We see this experiment as just a start to investigating precisely how elephants ' see the world ' , and it may be that their abilities will turn out to equal or exceed those of our closer relatives , the monkeys and apes , " he added .
The study is published online by Current Biology and will appear in the 20 November print issue .
July 4th is once again upon us , and in the U.S. that means a whole gaggle of “ Fireworks are dangerous–EVERYBODY PANIC ! ” stories in the mainstream media .
But are they really that dangerous ?
The federal U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission published a report in 2006 on fireworks - related injuries in the U.S.
They most recent data they used was from 2005 .
And just how many people are injured by fireworks ?
Not many .
The total number comes straight from the report .
The “ Severe ” number I calculated based on this statement in the report :
Although most of the fireworks - related injuries were characterized as “ treat and release , ” an estimated 5 percent … were treated and transferred to another hospital , admitted or held for observation .
This is about the same as consumer products in general .
Which means that in 2005 , about 1 person in every 500,000 was injured by fireworks severely enough to be at least held overnight in the hospital .
Also note the little tidbit “ This is about the same as consumer products in general . ”
While fireworks are ( presumably ) more likely to injure you than other consumer products , the severity of the injuries is not any worse .
In other words , fireworks are more likely to give you a boo - boo than other toys .
But the ultimate irony , is that sparklers –which many parents give their kids to keep them away from the “ more dangerous ” fireworks–are the primary cause of injuries in small children .
According to the the CPSC report , “ Sparklers accounted for almost half the injuries to children under 5 . ”
But what about death ?
Do n’t people die from fireworks ?
Yes , they do .
In 2005 , four people died .
And two of those died when fireworks started a fire inside a vehicle , in one case causing the driver to run into a telephone pole .
For comparison , every year about 900 people die in bicycle crashes .
Yes , fireworks are dangerous .
But they are n’t so amazingly dangerous that everyone should PANIC come the 4th of July .
You do n’t need to bundle your kids up in bubble - wrap and lock them in the basement with a mister of water over the heads .
Just pay attention , and teach them how not to be idiots .
A 37 - year - old Colorado man was standing on his apartment balcony with a friend holding a launching tube that was loaded with an artillery shell type firework .
After the fuse was lit , the firework exploded but may not have launched from the tube .
After the explosion , the victim dropped to the balcony .
According to police there was a bruise on the victim ’s chest that matched the base on the launcher tube .
The victim died from a torn aorta .
Not many of the people who were blogging in English from inside Iraq appear to be still there .
Here 's a snapshot of some of them - and of one who has left .
This page contains links to external websites which are not subject to the usual BBC editorial controls .
last - of- iraqis.blogspot.com
Mohammed is a 25 year - old dentist in Baghdad .
In the first of two extracts , his experiences seem to support the latest figures suggesting a recent fall in the number of violent deaths in Iraq .
19 October 2007 : At the beginning of the second week of this month , the security situation seems to be a bit better - fewer explosions , kidnappings and assassinations .
I was very happy for that and I was so naive to think that the government and the troops took control and started to defeat the terrorism .
But I realised that it 's just a break to change plans and allies ...
Me and some work colleagues talked about the situation and afterwards I reached the [ following ] conclusion .
The struggle for power is between the same sects ...
Three days ago the Ba'ath party distributed fliers of their new political statement in [ Baghdad 's Sunni neighbourhood of ] Adhamiya .
The bottom line of it is that they want to end the sectarian violence , get the occupation out , retrieve the control of oil and stop the killing of innocents .
Yesterday I heard that al - Qaeda also distributed fliers in Adhamiya , saying they wanted the best for the people , and end to the sectarian violence and getting life back to normal .
They told shop owners to open their shops again and said they would protect them .
They even mentioned that Shias should n't be afraid of anything if they had done nothing bad .
It 's a struggle for power and control between the Ba'ath party , al - Qaeda and the Salvation Council , each one trying to prove they are better than the others , were they in charge .
We have to wait and see what will happen .
25 September 2007 : Me and my wife were watching movies a few days ago and I wanted to make us some tea .
I went to the kitchen and was filling the kettle from the tap water ... I decided to fill a glass so I could see it .
What a shock .
I immediately brought the camera and took the picture and video .
Is this drinking water or is it rice water ?
What are those floating things ?
I know about the cholera , I know it might be epidemic in Baghdad but I 'd be so lucky if this water only contained cholera bacteria !
How could they give us this water ?
Why should I respect , obey or even recognise my government if they are not providing us with electricity , water , or even security ?
Each Iraqi house should be a country and have a flag and its own government .
I depend on myself for electricity , water and even security .
What a farce .
livesstrong.blogspot.com
Sunshine is a 15 - year - old girl in Mosul , northern Iraq .
Violence dominates every moment , even recent Eid celebrations .
19 October 2007
On the first day of Eid , I woke up early and congratulated my family members .
Then we wore our new clothes , got ready to go out and opened all the windows .
Before we went out an explosion happened with no damages , thank God .
It was so loud I thought it was in the neighbourhood , but it was a few neighbourhoods away .
We reached my dad 's uncle 's house - all of his children , grandchildren , and even grandchildren 's kids attended !
At about 1330 , lunch was ready .
My dad 's uncle 's wife made delicious Iraqi dishes - there was dolma , biryani , bamya , kabab , chicken , pickles and salad .
The lunch was awesome .
Then after lunch the subjects we talked about turned to be about the Iraqi situation and horrifying stories .
I could n't sleep well at night and had many nightmares about people burning alive .
astarfrommosul.blogspot.com
" Aunt Najma " is also in Mosul .
She is a 19 - year - old high - flying engineering student .
Her latest posting is not typical of her normally chirpy style .
26 October 2007 : Breathing slowly .
In and out .
That 's what I have to do to keep myself from crying , and stay alive .
I 'm more depressed than I 've ever been in the last year I think .
It 's weird .
I thought going to college would be all I needed .
Most of the lecturers this year are very educated , mostly professors with PhDs .
I feel stupid .
Is it possible that I have forgotten so much of what I 've studied before , or is it that my brain needs to be reactivated ?
I am so not used to keeping silent and having no answers .
I 'm sick of talking about the bad situation .
I just hate the mornings , there 's always shooting and many explosions .
I always have doubts that I 'll be able to make it to college - the roads are rarely open .
We 're really strangers in our country
I 'm so very , very depressed .
I almost cry every time people ask me why I look so sad .
I can't even see the full half of the glass I used to cling to .
My cousin drove me home the other day - building after building , destroyed , burnt .
Black signs announcing deaths .
Smoke from a new explosion .
We had to stop a few times to clear the road for the police or the Americans .
I asked my cousin about a destroyed building I had n't seen before .
He said it was months ago .
I was shocked .
I did n't ask about the ones that followed .
We 're really strangers in our country ... oh well , excuse me , I do n't think " our " should be used anymore .
I 'm not sure whose country it is , but it 's not mine for sure .
riverbendblog.blogspot.com
Riverbend is perhaps the best - known Iraqi blogger .
She and her family left Iraq over the summer for Syria .
In her latest blog , she describes coming to terms with her refugee status .
22 October 2007 : The first weeks here were something of a cultural shock .
It has taken me these last three months to work away certain habits I 'd acquired in Iraq after the war .
It 's funny how you learn to act in a certain way and do n't even know you 're doing strange things - like avoiding people 's eyes in the street or crazily murmuring prayers to yourself when stuck in traffic .
It took me at least three weeks to teach myself to walk properly again - with head lifted , not constantly looking behind me .
It is estimated that there are at least 1.5 million Iraqis in Syria today .
I believe it .
Walking down the streets of Damascus , you can hear the Iraqi accent everywhere .
We live in an apartment building where two other Iraqis are renting .
For the first time in a long time , so far away from home , I felt the unity that had been stolen from us in 2003
The people in the floor above us are a Christian family from northern Iraq who got chased out of their village by [ Kurdish fighters ] peshmerga .
The family on our floor is a Kurdish family who lost their home in Baghdad to militias and were waiting for immigration to Sweden or Switzerland or some such European refugee haven .
The first evening we arrived , exhausted , dragging suitcases behind us , morale a little bit bruised , the Kurdish family sent over their representative - a nine - year - old boy missing two front teeth , holding a lopsided cake .
" We 're Abu Mohammed 's house - across from you - mama says if you need anything , just ask - this is our number .
" Abu Dalia 's family live upstairs , this is their number .
We 're all Iraqi , too ... welcome to the building . "
I cried that night because for the first time in a long time , so far away from home , I felt the unity that had been stolen from us in 2003 .
Read the previous Iraqi blog round - up
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Two Minnesota friends — Margaret , 79 , and Davis , 84 — are a hearty pair who take an exercise walk for an hour each day .
Then they return home to a kitchen that is an accident waiting to happen .
On the floor are loose runners — beautiful rugs , to be sure , but a fall hazard for people of any age and especially risky for those over 65 .
They did place slip - resistant mats under the rugs , which helped some .
But the rugs still move around and can easily cause someone to trip .
And when someone their age trips and falls , chances are something will break .
Falls are now the leading cause of injury - related deaths among people 65 and older , the national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta recently reported .
The fatality rate from falls rose by more than 55 percent from 1993 to 2003 , the latest year for which statistics are available .
In fact , death rates from falls have risen faster than injury rates from falls , in part because people are now living to ages when frailty raises the risk that a fall will be fatal .
But neither falls nor serious injury from them is an inevitable consequence of advanced age .
Brian M. Franklin , a certified athletic trainer at University Orthopedics in Atlanta , and the MetLife Foundation , in collaboration with the Atlanta centers , offer excellent suggestions for tuning up your body and your environment to prevent falls , as well as injuries from the falls that do happen .
A long resume , and decades of experience is simply no guarantee of a good performance once in office .
Vice President Cheney is a terrific example of this .
Cheney has been a congressman from Wyoming , a white house chief of staff , CEO of Halliburton , and a defense secretary .
In other words , Cheney is amply qualified for his office .
Yet despite all this experience , Cheney has been a leading architect of an utterly failed policy in Iraq .
Much of President Bush ’s team is similarly well qualified .
Donald Rumsfeld had already served as Secretary of Defense , but that experience did n’t stop him from ignoring the advice of commanders on the ground , or badly mishandling a deteriorating situation .
Plenty of other Presidents who had decades of experience and lots of high positions in government have been failures as chief executive .
John Quincy Adams was brilliant .
He was a Harvard Professor , a congressman , and a secretary of state before occupying the White House .
But today , no one can name a notable achievement of his while he was in office .
Most Americans probably could n’t even name him .
In spite of all his intelligence and experience , Adams had a lackluster and forgettable tenure .
The most egregious example must be James Buchanan however .
Again , Buchanan held many previous positions and had decades of experience .
He was a US Senator , and a Secretary of State .
Despite all this experience , Buchanan did nothing as the Union crumbled around him during the lead - up to the Civil War in the 1850s .
These examples and many more show that years of experience do not prepare aspirants to the White House for the Presidency .
Buchanan ’s successor was another man from Illinois who had only spent two years in Congress .
His name was Abraham Lincoln , and he did what previous Presidents ( all of whom had spent more years in government ) failed to do : he saved the Union .
He managed to do so because of his dogged determination , and his undying vision of one United States .
It ’s also worth noting here that Lincoln took advice from his commanders on the ground , and was willing to try different strategies to beat the confederacy , a lesson our current President would do well to learn .
What the electorate should look for in President is vision and judgment .
These are things that can be readily discerned during a heavily scrutinized campaign .
During the debates , and the campaign rallies , and the major policy addresses , and the stump speeches , we can see where a President wants to lead the country , and how he or she behaves under pressure .
The campaign will answer for all the question of who has the most compelling vision for America , not a polished resume .
I maintain that Obama has that compelling vision .
His address at the 2004 Democratic convention showed he believes strongly in personal responsibility , honesty in government , better access to healthcare , and a world - class education system .
He is a fresh face who wants to move beyond the intense partisanship of the Clinton and Bush years , and has reached across the aisle , even to conservatives like Sam Brownback .
For Americans who are tired of being divided by Karl Rove and Machiavellian political strategists , Obama represents a chance for a new politics of civility and purpose .
He is of a different generation of politicians than Hillary Clinton and John McCain , and therefore does not have the same political baggage they do .
His vision is best summed the title of his latest book , the audacity of hope .
Obama is America ’s chance for a more hopeful politics and a better future .
I also strongly believe that Obama is running for the right reasons : he has a clear vision that he wants to take before the country .
Obama has said before that you do n’t run for the Presidency on the basis of ambition alone .
The Presidency is too serious and sober a responsibility to run just for that reason .
Obama knows there is a desperate need for unity and hope in our country , and thinks he can deliver both as a President .
One of the most critical questions facing America is how to conduct its foreign policy .
Here , Obama ’s biography gives him a unique ability to understand the problem of global poverty , which is one of the root causes of terrorism .
As a kid he attended various schools in Indonesia , and witnessed the distress of third - world poverty first hand .
He knows the plight of the world ’s poor , and I predict he will make the first bona fide effort of any President to do something about the poverty rampant in many parts of the globe .
If anyone understands the link between national security and global poverty , it is Obama .
Detractors will always find reasons why Obama could n’t or should n’t be President .
They say his middle name is Hussein , that he smoked pot once , and that he made a bad land deal .
But the country is ready for a new politics , and a new generation of leadership .
America needs a man of vision and principle .
Obama is that man , and I submit that he is more than ready to lead .
If you want to help Obama make 2008 ours , join Rock with Barack in encouraging Congressman and Majority Whip Jim Clyburn of South Carolina to endorse Barack .
You can find the petition here : http://www.petitiononline.com/...
Until Next time ,
RockwithBarack.com
Mount Vernon , Wash .
BAMBOO is a versatile , ancient plant that shows up in creation myths as well as in pots on Manhattan terraces .
It comes in clumping varieties that behave themselves and running “ timber ” types that spread by rhizomes — great for a grove , but not so good when they are planted as a property screen that escapes into a neighbor ’s yard .
But it ’s that very vigor that has environmentalists hailing bamboo as the new “ It ” plant for saving the earth .
Bamboo is a workhorse at sequestering carbon dioxide and pumping out oxygen .
It is a tough plant that manufactures its own antibacterial compounds and can thrive without pesticides .
And its porous fibers make a cloth that breathes and is as soft as silk .
In fact , there is such a stampede of fabric designers to China and Japan , where it is farmed and processed — no such industry exists in the United States — that in its May issue , National Geographic predicted that “ this upstart fabric may someday compete with King Cotton . ”
Yet as the world clamors for more , bamboo is in short supply .
A plant that generally flowers only every 60 to 120 years and then dies is hard to propagate from seed .
And growing it by dividing existing plants is notoriously difficult .
There ’s hardly a more efficient way to damage commerce and , eventually , government itself than to construct a legal system that encourages frivolous suits .
Litigation Lotto works just like the real thing :
The prospect of a huge cash payout tempts thousands to play , egged on by trial lawyers hoping to swallow up the winnings .
New York doctors know the routine only too well , having long labored in what the Pacific Research Institute describes as the third - worst tort climate in America .
The latest indicator that something ’s amiss came with last week ’s announcement from the state Insurance Department that premiums for medical - malpractice insurance are jumping 14 percent this year – the biggest hike since 1993 .
Doctors will see premiums climb as high as a quarter - million dollars , nearly doubling rates from just five years ago .
The hikes disproportionately affect doctors facing the brunt of litigation – that is , providers of specialty services like obstetrics .
According to the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecologists , 92 percent of New York Ob / Gyn physicians say they ’ve been sued at least once .
“ In [ upstate ] Oswego County , there is no longer an obstetrician who will take on high - risk pregnancies , and attempts to get someone to come to that county to do that have not been successful , ” said Gerald Hoffman , executive vice president of Onondaga County Medical Society .
On Monday , Gov. Spitzer announced , “ The medical - malpractice insurance market has reached a crisis level . ”
Spitzer has convened a task force , headed up by state Insurance Department Superintendent Eric Dinallo , to “ study the issue . ”
Which is akin to convening a commission to determine what to do about the broken pipe flooding your house .
What ails New York ’s liability insurance market has already been amply diagnosed ; prescriptions have been written .
With no monetary caps in crucial areas like non-economic and punitive damages , loose standards for expert testimony and the determination of negligence , New York ’s laws leave doctors vulnerable .
States that have enacted these reforms enjoy lower premiums than those that have done nothing .
Fixing this crisis will take more than a task force .
It will take action .
And with Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver ( who moonlights with the tort law firm of Weitz & Luxenberg ) effectively controlling the debate on both medical malpractice litigation and tort reform , action of any sort is a very long way off .
Innocent victims need their day in court , for sure .
But not while they are holding a Lotto ticket .
In the process of photosynthesis , plants convert energy from the sun into chemical energy in the form of glucose , or sugar .
The chlorophyll in plants absorbs more blue and red light from sunlight , and less green light .
Chlorophyll is green , because it reflects green light more than blue and red light .
Credit : NASA Ames
NASA scientists believe they have found a way to predict the color of plants on planets in other solar systems .
Green , yellow or even red - dominant plants may live on extra-solar planets , according to scientists whose two scientific papers appear in the March issue of the journal , Astrobiology .
The scientists studied light absorbed and reflected by organisms on Earth , and determined that if astronomers were to look at the light given off by planets circling distant stars , they might predict that some planets have mostly non-green plants .
" We can identify the strongest candidate wavelengths of light for the dominant color of photosynthesis on another planet , " said Nancy Kiang , lead author of the study and a biometeorologist at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , New York .
Kiang worked with a team of scientists from the Virtual Planetary Laboratory ( VPL ) at the California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , Calif .
VPL was formed as part of the NASA Astrobiology Institute ( NAI ) , based at the NASA Ames Research Center in California ’s Silicon Valley .
" This work broadens our understanding of how life may be detected on Earth - like planets around other stars , while simultaneously improving our understanding of life on Earth , " said Carl Pilcher , director of the NAI at NASA Ames .
" This approach -- studying Earth life to guide our search for life on other worlds -- is the essence of astrobiology . "
Kiang and her colleagues calculated what the stellar light would look like at the surface of Earth - like planets whose atmospheric chemistry is consistent with the different types of stars they orbit .
By looking at the changes in that light through different atmospheres , researchers identified colors that would be most favorable for photosynthesis on other planets .
This new research narrows the range of colors that scientists would expect to see when photosynthesis is occurring on extrasolar planets .
Each planet will have different dominant colors for photosynthesis , based on the planet ’s atmosphere where the most light reaches the planet ’s surface .
The dominant photosynthesis might even be in the infrared .
" This work will help guide designs for future space telescopes that will study extrasolar planets , to see if they are habitable , and could have alien plants , " said Victoria Meadows , an astronomer who heads the VPL .
The VPL team is using a suite of computer models to simulate Earth - size planets and their light spectra as space telescopes would see them .
The scientists ' goal is to discover the likely range of habitable planets around other stars and to find out how these planets might appear to future planet - finding missions .
On Earth , Kiang and colleagues surveyed light absorbed and reflected by plants and some bacteria during photosynthesis , a process by which plants use energy from sunlight to produce sugar .
Organisms that live in different light environments absorb the light colors that are most available .
For example , there is a type of bacteria that inhabit murky waters where there is little visible light , and so they use infrared radiation during photosynthesis .
Scientists have long known that the chlorophyll in most plants on Earth absorbs blue and red light and less green light .
Therefore , chlorophyll appears green .
Although some green color is absorbed , it is less than the other colors .
Previously , scientists thought plants are not efficient as they could be , because they do not use more green light .
According to scientists , the Sun has a specific distribution of colors of light , emitting more of some colors than others .
Gases in Earth 's air also filter sunlight , absorbing different colors .
As a result , more red light particles reach Earth 's surface than blue or green light particles , so plants use red light for photosynthesis .
There is plenty of light for land plants , so they do not need to use extra green light .
But not all stars have the same distribution of light colors as our Sun .
Study scientists say they now realize that photosynthesis on extrasolar planets will not necessarily look the same as on Earth .
" It makes one appreciate how life on Earth is so intimately adapted to the special qualities of our home planet and Sun , " said Kiang .
Source : Goddard Space Flight Center
I 'm bored as hell , and I can't take it anymore !
Can I tell you something privately ?
I 'm at the end of my rope , and the rope can't hold the weight of me .
Sociobiologist Desmond Morris tells us that a man , when he is under extreme emotional stress , will sometimes drive nails into his scrotum .
One of evolution 's subtle coping strategies .
I 'm not about to do that , but I have decided to check back into therapy on 57th St .
My therapist , a small woman with black hair , calls me " pussycat " and gives me hugs .
She phones me when I 'm out of contact , tells me to come back when I want .
I 'm going back because I 'm headed towards a total evapo - meltdown , where suddenly I wake up and I 've been in prison for two years , and I can't remember anything except that I 've become the cellblock blowjob queen and I 'm never , ever going to get parole .
The warning sign is my reaction to new faces , my horror at the handshaking and chitchat .
Everyone I meet looks the same , like pills in a bottle .
When I make eye contact it 's like watching two tiny TVs .
Part of it is that I do n't speak the same language .
For many of the people I speak with , money is a medium for communication and expression .
While the rest of us lick at trickles of cash condensing on the walls , these people have whole Turkish baths spilling over with liquid currency .
Exchanging that currency for services , or storing it in stocks , diverting the flow and irrigating some new field of endeavor , is their most thrilling entertainment ; their portfolio of equities and investments has the same expressive power as tubes of paint to an artist .
I cannot understand .
Finance , advertising , literature , art , even friendships and love , what do they mean ?
I keep extrapolating back to a sort of Godless sphere , a sense that this was an accident of lightning and protein .
At least today .
I know it will pass , this ontological crisis , and I 'm sure it 's typical among young men with my same mental bent and tensions .
Today my friend Eli said the same thing , without the metaphors .
He told me : " I woke up this morning , and I did n't even get out of bed .
I just felt awful .
I jerked off for the usual 20 minutes , but I could n't even maintain a real fantasy . "
" So what did you do ? " I asked .
" I just gave up after 20 minutes , and started to think of the illegal stuff . "
" Like little girls and rubber hoses ? "
" Yeah , and that was enough , and I achieved some resolution , but I just felt foul .
I lay there filthy for another half - hour , and went to work an hour late .
I 'm just an awful person . "
We were drinking coffee .
The rest of the day I sat in focus groups , watching from behind a mirrored glass as a focus - group coordinator quizzed first a group of women , then a group of men , uncovering their Internet habits .
I took 18 single - spaced pages of notes :
" Single mother , 17 - year old daughter .
Loves Internet .
Menopause .
No red meat . "
" Mother of two , 9 - year old daughter .
Catholic . "
" Vietnam vet , likes the Internet for researching history . "
New faces , but they could n't see mine .
I ate from the bowl of candy and crackers , and drank soda from the little fridge , until I was a jittering mass of nerves .
$ 3000 a day for the room , the robot video camera , the mirrored glass , the chairs , the little bowls of crackers , the fridge with Evian .
In the second hour we began to trash the participants , yelling at them from behind the glass .
" What you think is idiotic !
Foolishniss !
Naves ! Harliquinades ! "
We yelled out as we wrote their words down , knowing that the consumer is right , that their reality is the one we must conform to .
Which is at least some sort of reality .
I can't make my own , or can't face the one I have , can't bear my own face in the mirror .
If you know me , if you walk with me , you 'll see me squint at odd times .
You may not know why , you might think it 's a twitch .
It 's just that I 'm trying to avoid reflections .
When I get into the elevator at work , I turn my head to avoid the mirror in the corner .
I look away from things shiny and gleaming .
Before I open a glass door I close my eyes and then reach for the handles , so I do n't catch that glimpse of myself .
I know I have to start looking sometime in the future , but I 'd prefer to put it off ; I do n't want to see those two blank TV's where my eyes were .
There are too many new faces looking in , and I 'd rather be behind the mirror , rather than in front of it .
The White House made deep cuts in written testimony given to a Senate committee this week by the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on health risks posed by global warming , but the director agreed yesterday with administration officials who said the cuts were part of a normal review process and not aimed at minimizing the issue .
Dr. Julie L. Gerberding , the agency ’s director , said in a telephone interview that news reports and comments about the changes had made “ a mountain out of a molehill . ”
“ I said everything I needed to say , ” she said .
Dr. Gerberding , who addressed the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee on Tuesday , said she had freely spoken for more than a year about the implications for public health should warming from the buildup of greenhouse gases proceed as scientists project .
Still , cuts made to her written testimony included the only statements casting the health risks from climate change as a problem , describing it variously as posing “ difficult challenges ” and as “ a serious public health concern . ”
The testimony that remained said , “ Climate change is anticipated to have a broad range of impacts on the health of Americans and the nation ’s public health infrastructure . ”
But a line saying “ the public health effects of climate change remain largely unaddressed ” was gone , and the testimony focused on the ways health agencies were already prepared to tackle any problems .
In 1954 , the most powerful men in the world met for the first time under the auspices of the Dutch royal crown and the Rockefeller family in the luxurious Hotel Bilderberg of the small Dutch town of Oosterbeck .
For an entire weekend they debated the future of the world .
When it was over , they decided to meet once every year to exchange ideas and analyze international affairs .
They named themselves the Bilderberg Club .
Since then , they have gathered yearly in a luxurious hotel somewhere in the world to decide the future of humanity .
In more than fifty years of meetings that brings together unprecedented power and money in the same time and place , never has any information been leaked as to what subjects were debated during the Bilderberg Club meetings .
Bilderberg , one of the world ’s most powerful secret organizations is run out of an 18m2 offices , staffed by one person , using one telephone line and a single fax number .
There is no web page and no brass name plate on the door .
The independent press has never been allowed in , and no statements have ever been released on the attendees ’ conclusions nor has any agenda for a Bilderberg meeting been made public .
How , in God ’s name , can this be possible when Bilderberg´s elite membership list includes all of the most powerful individuals who run the Planet ?
Leaders of the Bilderberg Club argue that this discretion is necessary to allow participants in the debates to speak freely without being on the record or reported publicly .
Otherwise , Bilderbergers state , they would be forced to speak in the language of a press release .
Doubtlessly , this discretion allows the Bilderberg Club to deliberate more freely , but that does not respond to the fundamental question :
What do the world ’s most powerful people talk about in these meetings ?
Any modern democratic system protects the right to privacy , but does n’t the public have a right to know what their political leaders are talking about when they meet the wealthiest business leaders of their respective countries ?
What guarantees do citizens have that the Bilderberg Club is n’t a centre for influence trafficking and lobbying if they are n’t allowed to know what their representatives talk about at the Club ’s secret gatherings ?
Why are the Davos World Economic Forum and G8 meetings carried in every newspaper , given front page coverage , with thousands of journalists in attendance , while no one covers Bilderberg Club meetings even though they are annually attended by Presidents of the International Monetary Fund , The World Bank , Federal Reserve , chairmen of 100 most powerful corporations in the world such as DaimlerChrysler , Coca Cola , British Petroleum , Chase Manhattan Bank , American Express , Goldman Sachs , Microsoft , Vice Presidents of the United States , Directors of the CIA and the FBI , General Secretaries of NATO , American Senators and members of Congress , European Prime Ministers and leaders of opposition parties , top editors and CEOs of the leading newspapers in the world .
It is surprising that no mainstream corporate media outlets consider a gathering of such figures , whose wealth far exceeds the combined wealth of all United States citizens , to be newsworthy when a trip by any one of them on their own makes headline news on TV .
The delegates at Bilderberg 2007 : Istanbul , Turkey May 31 - June 3
This year ’s delegation will once again include all of the most important politicians , businessmen , central bankers , European Commissioners and executives of the western corporate press .
They will be joined at the table by leading representatives of the European Royalty , led by Queen Beatrix , the daughter of the Bilderberg founder , former Nazi , Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands and Bilderberger President , Etienne Davignon , Vice Chairman , Suez - Tractebel from Belgium .
According to Bilderberg Steering Committee list which this author had access to , the following names have now been confirmed as official Bilderberg attendees for this year ’s conference ( In alphabetical order ) :
George Alogoskoufis , Minister of Economy and Finance ( Greece ) ; Ali Babacan , Minister of Economic Affairs ( Turkey ) ; Edward Balls , Economic Secretary to the Treasury ( UK ) ; Francisco Pinto Balsemão , Chairman and CEO , IMPRESA , S.G.P.S. ; Former Prime Minister ( Portugal ) ; José M. Durão Barroso , President , European Commission ( Portugal / International ) ; Franco Bernabé , Vice Chariman , Rothschild Europe ( Italy ) ; Nicolas Beytout , Editor - in - Chief , Le Figaro ( France ) ; Carl Bildt , Former Prime Minister ( Sweden ) ; Hubert Burda , Publisher and CEO , Hubert Burda Media Holding ( Belgium ) ; Philippe Camus , CEO , EADS ( France ) ; Henri de Castries , Chairman of the Management Board and CEO , AXA ( France ) ; Juan Luis Cebrian , Grupo PRISA media group ( Spain ) ; Kenneth Clark , Member of Parliament ( UK ) ; Timothy C. Collins , Senior Managing Director and CEO , Ripplewood Holdings , LLC ( USA ) ; Bertrand Collomb , Chairman , Lafarge ( France ) ; George A. David , Chairman , Coca - Cola H.B.C. S.A. ( USA ) ; Kemal Dervis , Administrator , UNDP ( Turkey ) ; Anders Eldrup , President , DONG A/S ( Denmark ) ; John Elkann , Vice Chairman , Fiat S.p.A ( Italy ) ; Martin S. Feldstein , President and CEO , National Bureau of Economic Research ( USA ) ; Timothy F. Geithner , President and CEO , Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( USA ) ; Paul A. Gigot , Editor of the Editorial Page , The Wall Street Journal ( USA ) ; Dermot Gleeson , Chairman , AIB Group ( Ireland ) ; Donald E. Graham , Chairman and CEO , The Washington Post Company ( USA ) ; Victor Halberstadt , Professor of Economics , Leiden University ; Former Honorary Secretary General of Bilderberg Meetings ( the Netherlands ) ; Jean - Pierre Hansen , CEO , Suez - Tractebel S.A. ( Belgium ) ; Richard N. Haass , President , Council on Foreign Relations ( USA ) ; Richard C. Holbrooke , Vice Chairman , Perseus , LLC ( USA ) ; Jaap G. Hoop de Scheffer , Secretary General , NATO ( the Netherlands / International ) ; Allan B. Hubbard , Assistant to the President for Economic Policy , Director National Economic Council ( USA ) ; Josef Joffe , Publisher - Editor, Die Zeit ( Germany ) ; James A. Johnson , Vice Chairman , Perseus , LLC ( USA ) ; Vernon E. Jordan , Jr. , Senior Managing Director , Lazard Frères & Co. LLC ( USA ) ; Anatole Kaletsky , Editor at Large , The Times ( UK ) ; John Kerr of Kinlochard , Deputy Chairman , Royal Dutch Shell plc ( the Netherlands ) ; Henry A. Kissinger , Chairman , Kissinger Associates ( USA ) ; Mustafa V. Koç , Chariman , Koç Holding A.S. ( Turkey ) ; Fehmi Koru , Senior Writer , Yeni Safek ( Turkey ) ; Bernard Kouchner , Minister of Foreign Affairs ( France ) ; Henry R. Kravis , Founding Partner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. ( USA ) ; Marie - Josée Kravis , Senior Fellow , Hudson Institute , Inc. ( USA ) ; Neelie Kroes , Commissioner , European Commission ( the Netherlands / International ) ; Ed Kronenburg , Director of the Private Office , NATO Headquarters ( International ) ; William J. Luti , Special Assistant to the President for Defense Policy and Strategy , National Security Council ( USA ) ; Jessica T. Mathews , President , Carnegie Endowment for International Peace ( USA ) ; Frank McKenna , Ambassador to the US , member Carlyle Group ( Canada ) ; Thierry de Montbrial , President , French Institute for International Relations ( France ) ; Mario Monti , President , Universita Commerciale Luigi Bocconi ( Italy ) ; Craig J. Mundie , Chief Technical Officer Advanced Strategies and Policy , Microsoft Corporation ( USA ) ; Egil Myklebust , Chairman of the Board of Directors SAS , Norsk Hydro ASA ( Norway ) ; Matthias Nass , Deputy Editor , Die Zeit ( Germany ) ; Adnrzej Olechowski , Leader Civic Platform ( Poland ) ; Jorma Ollila , Chairman , Royal Dutch Shell plc / Nokia ( Finland ) ; George Osborne , Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer ( UK ) ; Tommaso Padoa - Schioppa , Minister of Finance ( Italy ) ; Richard N. Perle , Resident Fellow , American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research ( USA ) ; Heather Reisman , Chair and CEO , Indigo Books & Music Inc. ( Canada ) ; David Rockefeller ( USA ) ; Matías Rodriguez Inciarte , Executive Vice Chairman , Grupo Santander Bank , ( Spain ) ; Dennis B. Ross , Director , Washington Institute for Near East Policy ( USA ) ; Otto Schily , Former Minister of Interior Affairs ; Member of Parliament ; Member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs ( Germany ) ; Jürgen E. Schrempp , Former Chairman of the Board of Management , DaimlerChrysler AG ( Germany ) ; Tøger Seidenfaden , Executive Editor - in - Chief , Politiken ( Denmark ) ; Peter D. Sutherland , Chairman , BP plc and Chairman , Goldman Sachs International ( Ireland ) ; Giulio Tremonti , Vice President of the Chamber of Deputies ( Italy ) ; Jean - Claude Trichet , Governor , European Central Bank ( France / International ) ; John Vinocur , Senior Correspondent , International Herald Tribune ( USA ) ; Jacob Wallenberg , Chairman , Investor AB ( Sweden ) ; Martin H. Wolf , Associate Editor and Economics Commentator , The Financial Times ( UK ) ; James D. Wolfensohn , Special Envoy for the Gaza Disengagement ( USA ) ; Robert B. Zoellick , Deputy Secretary of State ( USA ) ; Klaus Zumwinkel , Chairman of the Board of Management , Deutsche Post AG ( USA ) ; Adrian D. Wooldridge , Foreign Correspondent , The Economist .
Amongst the names appearing on the initial list of invitees which this journalist had access to in January 2007 stand out the names of the now disgraced John Browne , British Petroleum ’s Chief Executive Officer and the disgraced and fired former chief of the World Bank , Paul Wolfowitz .
It will be interesting to see if either of these men makes an appearance at Bilderberg 2007 .
The Bilderbergers have no trouble accepting criminals into the fold as long as their misdeeds are conducted away from public spotlight and scrutiny .
Once exposed , the culprits are generally discarded .
Lord Conrad Black , former chief executive of Hollinger media group is a case in point .
Two others names on the original January 2007 list should raise a few eyebrows .
One of them is Bernard Kouchner , the newly appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs in the right wing Nicolas Sarkozy government in France .
Kouchner is a former founder of ONG Doctors without Borders .
He was absent from Bilderberg 2006 in Ottawa , Canada .
Could his government position been arranged prior to the French national elections ?
For my money , the surprise appearance of year award should go to Mahmood Sariolghalam , Associate Professor of International Relations , School of Economic and Political Sciences , National University of Iran .
What is an Iranian doing at a NATO alliance controlled Bilderberg conference ?
We will know soon enough .
Bilderberg 2007 is indeed a good time to look behind the scenes .
What will be discussed at Bilderberg 2007 ?
Aside from the Irak quagmire , energy problems continue to dominate Bilderberger discussions .
Oil and natural gas are finite , non-renewable resources .
That ’s because once used up it can not be replenished .
As the world turns , and as oil and natural gas supplies dwindle while demand soars dramatically , especially with Indian and Chinese booming economies who want all the trinkets and privileges of an American way of life , we , as the Planet , have crossed the midpoint of oil production and discovery .
From now on , the only sure thing is that supply will continue to diminish and prices will continue to increase .
In these conditions world conflict is a physical certainty .
End of oil means end of world ’s financial system , something which has already been acknowledged by Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times , two full time members of the Bilderberger inner circle .
Goldman Sachs oil report , [ another full time member of the Bilderberger elite ] published on March 30 , 2005 increased the oil price range for the year 2005 - 6 from $ 55 - $ 80 per barrel to $ 55 - $ 105 .
During 2006 meeting , Bilderbergers have confirmed that their short range price estimate for oil for the 2007 - 08 continues to hover around US $ 105 - 150 / barrel .
No wonder Jose Barroso , President of the European Commission , announced several months ago during the unveiling of the new European energy policy that the time has come for a “ post - industrial age . ”
To bring the world into the post industrial age , you first need to destroy the world´s economic base and create another Great Depression .
When people are poor , they don´t spend money , they don´t travel , and they don´t consume .
As the economic impact sinks in , and as the after effects of Peak Oil become evident in the face of breakdown of civilization , the United States will be forced to challenge Europe , Russia and China for the hegemony of control and the ever depleting hydrocarbon , non-renewable reserves most of which are contained in the Middle East .
That will be point number two on the Bilderberg 2007 agenda .
Third item on the agenda is European relations with Russia not only in Europe but also in Central Asia .
With Moscow making a deal with Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan over the transport of gas to Europe , the US geo-strategic goal of driving a wedge between the Central Asian countries and Russia lies in shambles .
While the US says this is " not good for Europe " , the Europeans are divided .
Iran , overnight has become America ’s last hope in the energy war .
Iran war , after two years of huffing and puffing by the Bush government is definitely off the table .
Furthermore , with France , Russia , Japan and China investing heavily in Iran , the world has drawn a line in the sand and the U.S. will be told at the conference not to cross it .
There is blood in the water , and blood in the water usually leads to a good fight .
That notwithstanding , the United States needs to control the region , not only for its oil reserves but , most importantly to help it sustain world economic hegemony .
Under this strategic design , regional states will be turned to weak domains of sectarian sheikhs with little or no sovereignty and , by implications , a pathetic agenda of their economic development .
Regional chaos favours the spread of Islamic fundamentalism , which in turn reinforces the process of political and social disintegration supported by the Bilderbergers .
With Blair leaving , the UK will be told yet again , that they must , at all cost , do what is necessary to integrate the country into the European Community .
Finally , with Wolfowitz resigning from the World Bank , Bilderberg luminaries will try to come to a consensus on how best to overhaul not only the bank but its sister organization , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , led by a Spaniard , Rodrigo Rato .
Wolfowitz became entangled in controversy seven weeks ago after World Bank whistleblowers leaked to the Washington - based non-governmental organization Government Accountability Project ( GAP ) documents that showed Wolfowitz pushing a high pay raise in a secondment deal to the US State Department for his girlfriend .
We , as a society , are at a crossroads .
In almost every corner of the planet , stress points are beginning to fracture .
The roads we take from here will determine the very future of humanity .
It was former British Prime Minister , Benjamin Disraeli , who stated that “ the world is governed by very different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes . ”
It is not up to God to bring us back from the “ New Dark Age ” planned for us .
IT IS UP TO US .
Whether we go into the next century as an electronic global police state or as free human beings depends on the action we take now .
Forewarned is forearmed .
We will never find the right answers if we do n’t ask the proper questions .
click image above for high - res gallery of the Chevy Volt Unlike most hybrids , the Chevy Volt may have the uncanny ability to attract buyers outside the culture of environmentally conscious citizens .
Case in point is AR15.com , a gun owners website and forum that 's having an enlightening discussion about why the Volt hits their sweet spot .
Forget about " tree - huggin stump - humping global warming alarmist " types ( their words , not ours ) , these gun owners like the Volt because it promises a range equal to cars with gas engines and the ability to use no fuel for short trips .
Who would n't like that ?
The forum member who started the thread with a link to an article on the Volt comments repeatedly that the first production series hybrid from GM will be a " game changer " .
It seems that many people , like the AR15.com posters , willfully alienate themselves from the current crop of green cars on the market specifically because they 're touted by the liberal elite as the morally responsible choice of transportation we should all be driving .
In fact , there are many conservatives in this country who also care about the environment and are interested in reducing dependence on foreign oil , but would rather not sacrifice the reliability , range , and general usefulness of their gas vehicles for hybrids that a. ) do n't live up to their hype , and / or b. ) simply do n't suit their needs .
If the Volt delivers on all of its promises , then it should also attract these people who would n't touch a Prius with a ten - foot pole .
Do n't forget that the Volt is also produced by a domestic U.S. automaker and will be the first of its kind on the market .
That makes it a technological tour de force that patriots can be proud to own .
You can't say that about a Prius , and though U.S. automakers do produce hybrids , they arrived pretty late to the game and have n't made a significant impact in the market with their offerings .
The Volt will certainly be a game changer , as we suspect it will be the first " green " car on the market to rack up sales that rival its gas - powered counterparts specifically because its appeal plays on both sides of the aisle .
GENEVA
- The World Trade Organization has found that the United States failed to scrap a series of illegal subsidies paid to American cotton growers , a ruling that could open the door to billions of dollars ' in Brazilian trade sanctions against the U.S. , trade officials said Monday .
The result is a major victory for Brazil 's cotton industry and for West African countries that have claimed to have been harmed by the American payments .
The Brazilian government claims the U.S. retained its place as the world 's second - largest cotton grower by paying out $ 12.5 billion in government subsidies to American farmers between August 1999 and July 2003 .
Critics of U.S. cotton subsidies say they drive down prices , making it impossible for small farms to compete in international markets , and more difficult for poorer countries to develop their economies by selling their agricultural produce abroad .
Bottom Line :
Not only are cotton subsidies an unjust , immoral and unfair transfer of wealth from the American taxpaying middle class to wealthy corporate agribusinesses in the U.S. , they are also illegal according to WTO trade policy laws .
Not to mention that they make desperately poor people in Africa even poorer .
See previous post on cotton subsidies
here
.
The Aurora Mine exudes the odor of petroleum and the look of untapped riches .
The open pit mine plunges 250 feet deep and ranges over a couple of square miles , carved out of pine and spruce forest by gigantic machines that operate 24/7 , even in the dark of winter at 40 below zero .
This is the heart of Alberta ’s oil sands , a remote Florida - sized region where moose , bears and beavers inhabit watery woodlands atop the world ’s largest proven petroleum reserves outside Saudi Arabia .
The unusual deposits -- where oil is locked in the tarry soil rather than pooled beneath the surface -- are yielding a bonanza of investment dollars , government revenue and jobs .
Advertisement
Almost half of Canada ’s oil production comes from the oil sands -- and the energy industry estimates that enough oil can be economically extracted to fill the country ’s needs for three centuries .
The vast majority of Canadian oil exports goes to the United States , and the Bush administration sees the remaining resources as America ’s best hope for reducing dependence on Middle Eastern oil .
“ No single thing can do more to help us reach that goal than realizing the potential of the oil sands , ” Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said during a visit last July .
The benefits may be great , but the toll on other natural resources is also enormous .
Advertisement
Separating petroleum from sand burns so much natural gas that the enterprise is becoming the largest source of greenhouse gas emissions growth in Canada .
The oil sands lie within a major intact ecosystem , the boreal forest covering almost a third of Canada ’s land mass .
The forest is one of the world ’s biggest freshwater storehouses and absorbs a vast amount of carbon dioxide .
It also provides habitat for hundreds of species of birds and is home to caribous , wolves and bears .
Expansion of the oil sands operations could tear huge holes in a forest already rent by logging , oil and gas exploration and other industries .
With development expected to triple , or even quintuple , in the next few decades , producers and government officials puzzle over how to harness the oil sands ’ potential with less cost to the climate , land , water and the well - being of native peoples who fear that cancer cases in a downstream community may be a sign of lethal industrial pollution .
Current leases for open - pit mining cover an area several times the size of New York City , according to the Pembina Institute , an environmental research group in Alberta .
But more than 50,000 square miles is potentially available for various types of oil extraction , which has prompted environmentalists to call for stopping development until ecological effects can be reduced .
Advertisement
“ The very nature of oil sands means that developing them ... causes an incredible disruption to land and landscape over immense areas , ” said a March report by the House of Commons natural resources committee .
Although the U.S. is the primary market for the oil , pressure for development also comes from Chinese companies that have been investing hundreds of millions of dollars in leases .
Not for the ‘ faint of heart ’
Cavernous pit mines account for the bulk of the 1.2 million barrels of oil generated daily in a region with an estimated 174 billion barrels in reserve .
Advertisement
Syncrude Canada Ltd. , a joint venture that includes Exxon Mobil Corp. - controlled Imperial Oil Resources , has 8,000 workers ; it spent $ 4.2 billion last year and has invested billions more in capital improvements .
“ It is not a business for the faint of heart , ” spokesman Alain Moore said .
At Syncrude ’s Aurora Mine , dozens of electric shovels eat away at the tarry deposits .
With each scoop , the behemoths drop 100 tons of dirt into trucks with beds as big as small houses .
Amid clouds of dust , the trucks deliver their payload to machinery that crushes and screens it before it is mixed with hot water and piped into a cone - shaped tank .
A form of petroleum called bitumen rises to the top , then is upgraded in a maze of smokestacks , pipes and steel structures up to 23 stories high .
Advertisement
The leftovers are stockpiled on the surrounding landscape .
Huge yellow blocks of sulfur impurities are stacked pyramid - fashion .
Dunes of sand expelled from the plant sweep toward the horizon .
On lake - sized tailings ponds , floating scarecrows and bursts from air cannons discourage birds from alighting on the oily wastewater that would kill them .
Recovering oil from sand requires the use of natural gas to heat water , which produces greenhouse gases and other air pollutants .
The water itself is drawn from the nearby Athabasca River , which flows 765 miles from glaciers in the Canadian Rockies through numerous small communities and sustains waterfowl , fish and other wildlife .
Although improved technology and recycling have reduced the amount of water and energy needed for each barrel of oil , Syncrude ’s reports show overall quantities growing along with oil production .
The oil sands operations accounted for 4 % of Canada ’s greenhouse gas emissions in 2005 , and energy regulators say it has been increasing .
Advertisement
University of Alberta ecologist David Schindler projects that oil development , coupled with climate change , could cut the Athabasca River ’s low winter flow in half or more by midcentury .
“ What they want to withdraw is an unsustainable amount , ” he said .
Alberta environmental officials recently established water use rules to prevent biological damage to the river , and the provincial government has required a 12 % reduction in greenhouse gas emissions per barrel of oil .
But experts at the Pembina Institute maintain that those measures are inadequate .
Advertisement
The industry , which generates billions of dollars in economic activity , royalties and taxes each year , says it plans to minimize environmental effects through improved efficiency and land restoration required by government leases .
Syncrude reports that it has reclaimed a quarter of the land disturbed by mining , although the government has not yet certified the land ’s ability to sustain wildlife and plants .
Greg Stringham , vice president of the Canadian Assn. of Petroleum Producers , said oil sands operators were looking at alternatives to natural gas for heating water , including starting controlled fires underground or using nuclear power .
Some companies , he said , are looking at ways to sequester carbon dioxide underground .
“ The government does not want to shut down the development because it provides benefits [ to the country ] and revenues to them , ” Stringham said .
“ All anyone can hope for is the best available technology , not just stop producing oil . ”
Advertisement
High - paying jobs
Like a modern gold rush , the oil sands development has lured thousands of workers with jobs that may pay more than $ 100,000 a year .
Along forested Highway 63 north of Fort McMurray , the main road to the oil sands , mining operations look like company towns -- office buildings , warehouses , equipment yards , dormitories and cafeterias contribute to the boomtown aura .
The population of Fort McMurray , a former fur trading settlement , has nearly doubled since 1995 to more than 65,000 .
The highway through town is clogged morning and night with commuting mine workers .
And affordable housing is so scarce that some people live in garages or their vehicles .
At a trailer park , equipment operator Alayne Guibeault made a home in his pickup for months , using an electric heater against subzero temperatures .
Advertisement
“ My plan is to make money , bring my wife and girl here , and maybe after four years buy a house ... near Banff in the Rocky Mountains , ” said Guibeault , who is from Quebec .
Chamber of Commerce official Michael Allen owns a music store near a popular strip club and bar in an area that has drug dealing and prostitution .
Gesturing toward the planned site for the town ’s first condominium towers , Allen said the oil boom was a net plus .
“ There has never been a better time for business here , ” he said .
Advertisement
Even those who claim harm from the fallout say the oil boom has its advantages .
Ivy Simpson , a 28 - year - old who works at an all - terrain vehicle dealership , developed cervical cancer 10 years ago .
Simpson believes she was exposed to pollution from oil developments while living in the downstream hamlet of Fort Chipewyan .
But she later took a job at a mine for about $ 30 an hour -- enough to pay rent and buy a truck .
“ Being a single mom and recently widowed , I needed the work , and I had to pay the bills , ” Simpson said .
“ It ’s expensive to live here . ”
Fish defects
Advertisement
Fort Chipewyan , the oldest settlement in Alberta , is a 50 - minute flight and worlds away from Fort McMurray .
The town ’s quiet streets run between dense woods and the rocky shoreline of Lake Athabasca , which receives water from the Athabasca and other rivers .
“ To have a lake like this and not be able to drink from it is a real shame , ” said Ray Ladouceur , 65 , a commercial fisherman who has caught fish with humped backs , cysts and other deformities .
“ I call this a red zone , a danger zone , to live in . ”
An industry - funded monitoring program that includes government agencies and environmental groups has studied fish in the river but not the lake .
“ We see some [ tumors and cysts ] occasionally , ” said Fred Kuzmic , an oil company biologist who heads the program .
But he said the proportion of observed abnormalities had dropped by more than half since 2005 , when 7 % of the fish sampled were deformed and that most of the abnormalities probably were caused by scrapes on the swift river ’s bottom .
Advertisement
Dr. John O’Connor , the regional chief of family practice , was disturbed by the fish abnormalities .
O’Connor said he had seen an alarming number of rare cancers and cases of autoimmune diseases such as lupus and rheumatoid arthritis .
“ It raised the question , ” he said .
“ Were the numbers and types of illnesses we were seeing the result of genetics , lifestyle , bad luck or environmental ? ”
He worried that the oil sands might be an environmental cause .
O’Connor was especially concerned about a bile duct cancer called cholangiocarcinoma , which had previously claimed his father ’s life .
This disease occurs in about two of 100,000 people .
But O’Connor was certain of four cases and suspected one or two others in Fort Chipewyan , which has fewer than 1,200 residents .
Statistics recently compiled by the local nursing station show an increase in mortality and of cancer - related deaths in the last decade .
Twenty - one residents died last year , eight of cancer .
Advertisement
After the doctor expressed his concerns in a radio report last year , federal health authorities filed a complaint this year alleging that he was unduly alarming the public .
Alberta ’s medical licensing body is investigating the complaint .
A year ago , the Alberta Health & Wellness ministry had conducted a study that found more cases of certain cancers than expected in Fort Chipewyan , but only one case of cholangiocarcinoma .
It concluded that overall cancer levels were not significantly different from elsewhere in the province .
But local residents and colleagues of O’Connor questioned the thoroughness of the study and accused the government of trying to shut up the doctor to protect the oil industry .
“ The message for anyone who blows a whistle is you will be clobbered , ” said Dr. Michel Sauve , the regional chief of medicine .
Advertisement
Provincial water officials say they know of no water pollution from the oil sands , but some elders who once drank directly from the lake now even avoid drinking from remote streams when they hunt and trap .
Joe Wandering Spirit , 67 , whose one - room cabin is in the bush several miles from town , drinks water collected in a rain barrel , not from the Quatre Fourches River at his doorstep .
“ Long ago , people never died of cancer , but recently a lot died , ” he said in Cree .
“ I do n’t know if that [ industrial pollution ] is causing illnesses , but it might be , because we do n’t really know what the white people are doing at the oil sands . ”
Recently , Ivy Simpson ’s mother , Mary , visited the grave of her own mother , who died of leukemia in 1989 .
Advertisement
Reflecting on cancer in her town , Mary said , “ Sixty ... years down the line , there will be no more oil , so all these oil companies will leave the aboriginal people here with all our sickness .
I pity my five grandchildren . ”
In Fort McKay , which is surrounded by oil mines , tribal Chief Jim Boucher recalled the hard times before the oil sands were developed .
Worldwide anti-fur campaigns in the mid-1980s had destroyed traditional trapping , and the town of a few hundred was left with the choice between welfare or seeking another economic opportunity .
“ We decided to work with the resource development sector , ” Boucher said .
“ I am proud of our ability to make a transition and make a good living . ”
Advertisement
Besides providing jobs , oil sands operators contract with several tribal businesses and donate money for education and community facilities .
But the chief acknowledged his tribe ’s deep fears about environmental and health effects .
“ We have been saying for some time that changes have been happening to land , air , water and wildlife , ” Boucher said .
“ The one thing we do n’t appreciate is being the canary in the coal mine for the oil industry . ”
tim.reiterman@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Canadian oil boom
Alberta ’s oil sands , which hold an estimated 174 billion barrels of crude that can be economically extracted , are the largest proven oil reserves outside Saudi Arabia .
The deposits are concentrated in three regions of the province .
Oil sources
Advertisement
Aside from Canada , most of the countries with the largest proven crude reserves are in the Middle East .
Here are the top 10 , in billions of barrels , 2007 estimates :
Saudi Arabia : 262.3
Canada : 179.2 *
Iran : 136.3
Advertisement
Iraq : 115.0
Kuwait : 101.5
United Arab Emirates : 97.8
Venezuela : 80.0
Advertisement
Russia : 60.0
Libya : 41.5
Nigeria : 36.2
* Conventional crude and oil sands
Advertisement
--
Sources : ESRI , TeleAtlas , Alberta Geological Survey , Energy Information Administration , Oil and Gas Journal
What is an Elevator Pitch ?
This is the 30 - 60 second business description of what you do and why someone should work with you .
It ’s called an “ Elevator Pitch ” because it describes the challenge : “ How would you explain your business and make a sale if fate placed you in an elevator with your dream prospect and you only had the time it takes to get from the top of the building to the bottom ? ”
This article will explain the elements of a powerful elevator pitch and then walk you through how to craft yours .
Why Is Having an Elevator Pitch So Important ?
You only have 30 - 60 seconds to make a powerful first impression .
The attention span of the average person is just 30 seconds before their mind starts wandering .
The other reason is people have less time today .
You need to grab them quickly or lose them forever .
Essential Elements of a Powerful Elevator Pitch
Concise .
Your pitch should take no longer than 30 - 60 seconds .
Clear .
Use language that everyone understands .
Do n’t use fancy words thinking it will make you sound smarter .
Your listener wo n’t understand you and you ’ll have lost your opportunity to hook them .
Powerful .
Use words that are powerful and strong .
Deliver the “ Sis- Boom - Bang ” to grab their attention !
Visual .
Use words that create a visual image in your listeners mind .
This will make your message memorable .
Tell a Story .
A short story , that is .
A good story is essentially this : someone with a problem either finds a solution or faces tragedy .
Either type of story can be used to illuminate what you do .
Targeted .
A great elevator pitch is aimed for a specific audience .
If you have target audiences that are vastly different , you might want to have a unique pitch for each .
Goal Oriented .
A kick - ass elevator pitch is designed with a specific outcome in mind .
What is your desired outcome ?
You may have different pitches depending on different objectives .
For instance do you want to : make a sale , gain a prospect , enlist support for an idea , or earn a referral .
Has a Hook .
This is the element that literally snags your listener ’s interest and makes them want to know more .
This is the phrase or words that strike a chord in your listener .
How to Craft Your Killer Elevator Pitch
Write down what you do .
Write it several different ways .
Try writing it at least 10 - 20 different ways .
Do n’t edit yourself at all .
You will edit later .
This first step is for generating ideas .
Do n’t hold back .
Ideas can be goofy , serious , wild , funny , or conservative .
It does n’t matter .
The goal is to get at many ideas as possible down on paper .
Write a very short story that illustrates what you do for people .
If necessary , the story can be long .
You will boil it down later .
Paint a picture with words .
Write down your objective or goal .
Do you want to make a sale , gain a prospect , enlist support for an idea , earn a referral , or something else ?
Write 10 - 20 action statements .
This is a statement or question designed to spur the action associated with your goal .
Record yourself .
You can use Jott if you do n’t have a recording device .
Jott is a free phone based service that translates your messages into text as well as providing an online link to the original audio .
Let it sit .
Come back to what you ’ve written with fresh eyes and ears the next day or later on in the same day .
Highlight the good stuff .
Listen and read through what you ’ve recorded and written .
Then either highlight or circle the phrases that hook you with clear , powerful , and visual words .
Obviously not all the words will fall into these categories .
You still need connector words , but you want them to be as few as possible .
Put the best pieces together .
Again you ’ll want to write down several versions of this much tighter pitch .
Tell us what you do and why people should want to do business with you .
Include elements from your story if you can fit it in .
Record these new ones .
these new ones .
Do a final edit cutting as many unnecessary words as possible .
Rearrange words and phrases until it sounds just right .
Again , the goal is 30 - 60 seconds maximum .
cutting as many unnecessary words as possible .
Rearrange words and phrases until it sounds just right .
Again , the goal is 30 - 60 seconds maximum .
Dress Rehearsal .
Run it by as many people as you can get to listen to you .
Get feedback from colleagues , clients you trust , friends and family .
Done for now .
Take your final elevator pitch and write it down .
Memorize and practice it until it just slides off your tongue naturally .
Continue to improve .
Over time , always be on the listen for phrases that you think could make your elevator pitch more clear and impactful .
And then test it out .
Every once in a while you will probably benefit by starting from scratch because things always change : you , your business , your goals , and your clients ’ needs .
What ’s your elevator pitch ?
Share it with us in the comments !
AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson apparently subscribes to a different school of marketing and demand than most others -- speaking with the Atlanta Journal - Constitution , the telecom boss flatly denied that AT&T's $ 10 DSL plan is hidden on the company 's website , and went on to say that " customers have n't been clamoring for it , " and that since the 768 Kbps " user experience is not what I would consider really state of the art , " he does n't really want to sell it to anyone .
Of course , customers do n't usually clamor for a product that barely anyone knows is available and that requires absurd hoop - jumping just to get set up , but do n't let them pesky facts get in your way , Randy .
[ Via Techdirt ]
Donald A. Ritchie , the associate Senate historian , says the modern use of the hold began in the 1950s under the leadership of Senator Lyndon B. Johnson , who increased the use of unanimous consent agreements to bring more order to the Senate .
Holds were initially allowed as a courtesy to senators who needed more time to get to the chamber to object in person , read the bill or try to negotiate changes with the sponsor .
But their use has proliferated and intensified to the point where lawmakers employ them not only to lodge substantive objections to legislation , but also to stall nominations and bills routinely in retaliation for other actions or to win concessions .
Though leaders can break a hold with a 60 - vote majority , they have often been reluctant to do so out of respect for the tradition — and the chance they might want to impose a hold of their own some day .
Some senators — remember Jesse Helms ? — revel in their holds and wield them publicly like a blunt instrument .
In 2003 , Senator Larry E. Craig , Republican of Idaho , openly put holds on 850 Air Force promotions while he demanded cargo planes for the Air National Guard in his state .
Others are more surreptitious .
Watchdog groups and some Democratic senators are still trying to identify the Republicans who put a hold this year on a proposal to require senators to file campaign contribution reports electronically .
In reality , even anonymous holds are not completely confidential because cloakroom staff members and party leaders typically either know who placed the holds or they eventually find out .
But the names of those who use holds often remain hidden from the public and from many colleagues .
Several senators said Wednesday that the new disclosure requirements would improve the culture of the Senate .
“ I think it has been a bad practice forever , ” said Senator Arlen Specter , Republican of Pennsylvania .
“ I think it will improve things around here if people have to stand up when they oppose legislation .
Give a reason and let it come up for a vote . ”
Under the proposed rule , any senator who instituted a hold would be required within six days after raising it to submit a Notice of Intent to Object to Proceeding that would state their name , the date , the matter at hand and the reason for issuing the hold .
Any hold lifted within six Senate working days after it is placed would not have to be disclosed .
The so - called “ Protect America Act of 2007 , " which we are calling the “ Police America Act , " allows for massive , untargeted collection of international communications without court order or meaningful oversight by either Congress or the courts .
It contains virtually no protections for the U.S. end of the phone call or email , leaving decisions about the collection , mining and use of Americans ’ private communications up to this administration .
The “ Police America Act " allows the Attorney General ( AG ) to issue program warrants for international calls without court review .
This new program grants the AG — not a court or independent body — the authority to issue year - long program warrants for surveillance of people reasonably believed to be outside of the United States .
The secret intelligence court that has been overseeing such activities for the last thirty years is cut out of the process , leaving the executive branch unchecked .
The “ Police America Act " has no protections for American phone calls and emails that are caught up in the dragnet .
The new program only requires that the surveillance be targeted at people overseas .
While this will allow collection of foreign - to - foreign calls , it also allows the government to pick up all international communications where one party is in the United States , so long as no one particular person in the U.S. is being “ targeted . ”
The law is silent on how to treat these American phone calls and emails — leaving the administration to decide how to collect , store , datamine and use Americans ’ private communications .
The “ Police America Act " provides only a phony court review of secret procedures .
The AG is directed to submit to the intelligence court the procedures by which this new program will operate .
However , the report to the court only need detail how the program is directed at people reasonably believed to be overseas — it does not require the AG to explain how it treats Americans ’ calls or emails when they are intercepted .
The court will have no information about how extensive the breach of American privacy is , nor the authority to remedy it .
The “ Police America Act " requires only meaningless reporting to Congress .
The new law requires the AG to report to the Intelligence and Judiciary Committees twice a year .
But those reports will only contain information about activity in violation of the AG ’s own secret guidelines about targeting foreigners over seas .
Again , this ignores the impact that vast international collections will have on U.S. persons .
The AG does not have to report on how many Americans ’ calls it has tapped , incidentally picked up or how many Americans have become targets , even though the AG will now be allowed to rummage through all calls and emails coming into and out of the U.S .
The “ Police America Act " has a sunset that may be of little value .
The ACLU will continue to work with Congress over the next six months to insert real protections into FISA for Americans who are going to be swept up in these new dragnets .
However , the sunset will fall in the middle of the politically charged primary season , where it may be even harder to rein in intelligence activities already in progress than it is to resist expansion of those authorities in the first place .
Changes should be made immediately .
Dealing with auto insurance companies can be a tricky business .
Knowing some of the car insurance industries best kept secrets can help level the playing field .
Below are seven top car insurance secrets to help you plan and save :
1 ) Car Rental Insurance
We ’ve all experienced the insurance pitch at the rental car counter .
The agents enthusiastically encourage you to purchase car rental insurance , or what ’s commonly referred to as a collision damage waiver ( CDW ) .
This damage waiver is regularly endorsed by rental car agents , who often receive incentives to push this oversold product .
The good news is — you do n’t need it .
That ’s assuming you have full coverage on your own car , which commonly includes collision and comprehensive .
So , in most cases the coverage is unnecessary and declining it will save you some money .
Now , if you ’re cruising around in a ’ 72 Ford Pinto with just liability or no insurance coverage at all , CDW may be just what you ’re looking for .
That ’s assuming you do n’t have one of the many credit cards that offer protection .
Many credit card companies offer rental car insurance protection as long as the entire rental car transaction is charged to that specific card .
Make sure to check with your credit card company or personal auto insurance company before denying CDW coverage .
2 ) Lend Your Car to A Friend
Lending your car to a friend could prove costly .
If you lend your car to a friend and he or she has an accident , it ’s your responsibility .
You ’ll have to file the claim with your insurance company , not your friend ’s .
To make matters worse , you ’re also responsible for any deductible , and the accident could potentially leave a mark on your record , raising your rates , even if you were n’t in the car .
So , think twice before handing those keys out .
3 ) Your Credit Score
Believe it or not , your credit score is reviewed by your auto insurance company .
This can be done at time of application or prior to renewals .
The thinking is that if you ’re responsible with your credit , making payments regularly and over time , you ’re less likely to make regular claims .
Statistically speaking , you ’re more likely to file claims based on a shaky credit history .
And , thus , your credit score plays a major role in determining auto insurance coverage .
Unfortunately , the utilization of this credit score method may result in higher premiums , even if you have a perfect driving record and no accidents .
4 ) Will You Get Your Cars True Value ?
If you get in an accident and “ total ” your car , it ’s your insurance company ’s responsibility to provide you with an amount of money that would purchase an equivalent car .
This does n’t always happen , unfortunately .
Most insurers do n’t use the Kelley Blue Book or NADA standards to estimate values .
They have their own formulas and will often consider quotes from various dealers that are n’t always that attainable , and this is n’t always a good indication of your specific vehicle ’s true worth .
Every car is different , with things like condition , mileage , and repairs playing vital roles .
If they choose to use one of these methods , you may want to present them with some local quotes of your own .
It ’s recommended that you keep a documented vehicle history as well , so you can present repair and maintenance receipts if there ’s a dispute .
Make sure the amount you and your insurer settle on includes sales tax for the purchase of your replacement automobile .
This is often left out by insurers , and replacing your car should not come with additional tax costs .
If you have a classic car make sure you have classic car insurance that provides replacement value coverage , otherwise you ’re putting your investment at risk .
If you get in a wreck and your car is deemed repairable , make sure to ask for diminished value compensation .
Diminished value compensation pays you for the loss of market value that your vehicle incurs due to the accident and repairs .
Once your car has been wrecked it is worth less , even if completely repaired to like new condition .
Most people do n’t want to risk purchasing a car that ’s been in a major accident , and this substantially hurts your re-sale value .
It ’s always a good idea to check with the car insurance company to see if they offer diminished value before purchasing their coverage .
5 ) Marital Status
Your marital status affects your car insurance rates .
Yes it ’s true , if you are single , divorced , or even widowed , it can add to your auto insurance premium .
It is not uncommon for many auto insurance companies to levy this marital status penalty .
In fact , it ’s perfectly legal in most states for insurers to practice this type of discrimination .
However , insurance companies will argue that the actuarial tables back up their guidelines ; much like younger drivers being more likely to be involved in an accident , the same statistics show that unmarried individuals are more accident prone than their counterparts .
If you ’re single , you may want to try a little experiment next time you get an online car insurance quote .
Get two quotes , keep all info identical except for the marital status , checking one as single and the other as married .
This may shed some light on which insurers still utilize these practices .
Fortunately , the very act of shopping around for the best car insurance company should eliminate these types of companies , leaving you with a combination of the highest quality and most competitive auto insurer .
6 ) Where You Live
Where you live is one of the major considerations your auto insurer looks at when determining your rates .
Living in urban areas can greatly increase the rates you ’ll pay for auto insurance .
The chance of accident or auto theft are significantly lower in rural areas .
Whereas , things like limited parking , traffic , and larger numbers of uninsured motorists are factors for individuals living in the inner city .
Some areas may result in auto insurance rates that are more than double their rural counterparts .
It ’s unfortunate , but unless you ’re planning on moving , avoiding this is difficult .
7 ) Your Occupation
You can bet that insurance companies have found a statistical relationship between your auto insurance risk and your occupation .
According to Insurance.com ’s 2006 Occupation Report , scientists , pilots / navigators and actors / performers / artists pay the lowest insurance rates of the occupations reported with an average of $ 935.76 per year .
Whereas , attorneys / lawyers / judges , executives and business owners pay the highest insurance rates of the occupations reported with an average of $ 1,383.63 per year .
Why the high discrepancy , you ask ?
Well it comes down to a few factors .
The group of attorneys / lawyers / judges , executives and business owners typically have more stressful jobs .
They spend more time on the road and more time on their cell phones , which comes at a higher risk for the insurer .
The group of scientists , pilots / navigators and actors / performers / artists are less risky to insure because their driving habits are a result of skills necessitated by their occupations .
A good example would be the detail - oriented and meticulous nature inherit with scientists , resulting in safer driving and lower insurance rates .
Senator Mel Martinez , the Florida Republican who has served as general chairman of the Republican National Committee , stepped down yesterday after 10 months on the job .
In a statement , Mr. Martinez said he had met his goals of raising “ the resources necessary to support our presidential candidate and ensure Republican victories next November . ”
He served alongside Robert M. Duncan , who is chairman of the party and will remain so .
The Republican National Committee has a six - to - one advantage over the Democratic National Committee in cash on hand .
But Democrats point out that Mr. Martinez raised less in his tenure from January to July of this year ( $ 52 million ) than his party raised in the same period four years ago ( $ 68 million ) .
Republicans close to Mr. Martinez said that he was increasingly uncomfortable as the face of the party .
Oct. 5 , 2007  --
In a scathing attack , Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards went after front - runner Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , Friday , calling her a " corporate Democrat , " comparing top Clinton campaign strategist Mark Penn to former Bush aide Karl Rove and assailing Penn 's ties to Blackwater USA , the embattled private firm of military contractors accused by the Iraqi government of firing upon and killing 11 unarmed Iraqi civilians last month .
" Bush has been a perfect example of cronyism because Blackwater has given hundreds of thousands of dollars to Republicans and to President Bush , " Edwards said in an interview with the Associated Press while campaigning in Iowa .
" I also saw this morning that Sen. Clinton 's primary adviser , Mark Penn , who is like her Karl Rove -- his firm is representing Blackwater . "
Edwards said that he thinks " it is important for Iowa caucus - goers to understand the choices they have in this election .
And it is the reason I continue to say we do n't want to replace a group of corporate Republicans with a group of corporate Democrats .
I think it is important for caucus - goers to see this choice . "
In addition to his role as a top campaign consultant to the Clinton campaign , Mark Penn is the worldwide president and CEO of Burson - Marsteller .
The firm 's lobbying subsidiary BKSH helped Blackwater 's top executive , Erik Prince , prepare for his congressional testimony this week .
Penn could not be reached for comment , but Burson - Marsteller spokesman Paul Cordasco said in a statement that " through a personal relationship , BKSH , a subsidiary of Burson - Marsteller , helped Blackwater prepare for their recent hearing before Congress .
With the hearing over , BKSH 's temporary engagement has ended . "
Clinton campaign spokesman Phil Singer told ABC News that " Mark Penn did no work on the Blackwater account .
Burson has cut its ties to Blackwater , and that was the right thing to do .
Mark is and remains a valuable member of our team . "
As for his boss , Singer said , " Sen. Clinton believes Blackwater must be held accountable for its actions and has laid out a detailed proposal to sharply reduce the number of contractors employed by the federal government by 500,000 .
She has repeatedly stated her concern that such contractors are not as accountable as federal employees . "
An official with a rival Democratic campaign added to Edwards ' remarks , saying that " when people are asking themselves who can better change the way things are going , Penn is a massive liability .
How can you fight for change when you 've got someone fighting to keep things exactly as they are on health care , with subprime lenders , and even in Iraq ? "
Penn has often come under fire for his company 's clients , whose goals are often at odds with liberal politics .
Burson has also represented oil and tobacco companies , and worked for corporations to impede union organizing events , about which labor leaders expressed " distress " in a letter to Clinton .
Penn said he played no role in any of the anti-union activities .
Burson has also represented Countrywide Financial , a subprime loan company also under fire .
His rhetoric against " corporate Democrats " notwithstanding , Edwards , it should be noted , has his own senior strategist with corporate clients , Harrison Hickman , one of the principals in the Global Strategy Group .
Global Strategy Group 's client list ( LINK http://www.globalstrategygroup.com/main.cfm?actionId=globalShowStaticContent&screenKey=cmpClients&categoryKey=clientsClientList&s=gsg) includes Lukoil and General Electric , companies that have done work in Iraq ; Oxycontin manufacturer Purdue Pharma ; and ABC News .
Democratic Candidates Respond to Blackwater
Democrats earlier this week have attempted to make campaign hay over the Blackwater scandal .
Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , called for more transparency in the process through which contractors are hired and proposed a special FBI unit devoted to investigating charges of contractor abuse .
" We cannot win a fight for hearts and minds when we outsource critical missions to unaccountable contractors , " Obama said .
Edwards called for greater accountability in hiring contractors .
" America used to be the beacon of the world , but under the Bush administration and people like Blackwater , the beacon is flickering , " he said .
" We can restore democracy to our military decisions about war .
And we can make sure that scandals like Blackwater become , forever , a thing of the past . "
Earlier in the campaign season , Edwards came under fire for having worked for Fortress Investments , a hedge fund tied to offshore tax shelters and subprime lending , practices Edwards has decried .
He has redirected part of the $ 16 million he has invested with Fortress out of a fund that holds ownership in subprime lender Nationstar Mortgage .
Edwards also set up a Louisiana Home Rescue Fund to help New Orleans families upon whose homes Nationstar had foreclosed .
I am a Muslim who has renounced Islam .
I am an apostate .
I have had very unflattering things to say about the Prophet Mohamed ( number one no - no of all time in the eyes of radical Islam ) .
If an Islamic theocracy were to take over , I would be the first one strung up .
Islamic radicals are not known for their patience for Muslims who denounce Islam and the Prophet Mohamed .
They 're known for killing them .
Nonetheless , here are three reasons why I am not scared of the Islamofascists :
1 . They 're not a real threat .
These childish neo-cons run around trying to scare everyone into believing these guys are the new Third Reich .
Really ?
Are they about to roll over the Czechoslovakia ( or now the Czech Republic and Slovakia ) ?
Is Cleveland next ?
Should the residents of Boca Raton look for new retirement communities because the Islamofascists are coming ?
Do n't be ridiculous .
This is a made up threat that in no way , shape or form endangers the United States of America .
Al Qaeda is a few thousand cave dwellers that have managed to hit us on several occasions through good planning , but it 's not like their armies are going to roll into San Diego and occupy us .
Iran is a country that is gaining some regional power , but to claim they threaten Europe or America ( or even a nuclear - armed Israel ) is ludicrous .
Which European country do you think Ahmedinejad will take first - Germany or Great Britain ?
This is not tot say that you ignore the real threat that groups like Al Qaeda pose , as the Bush administration did before and after 9/11 ( why did we pass up a near certain hit on Osama bin Laden just two months ago for example ) .
But you have to understand the proportion of the threat in order to be able to deal with it intelligently .
I do n't want Iran taking over anywhere .
They literally endanger my well - being .
But there is a smart way of dealing with Iran and then there is the Bush way .
The Iranian people can be won over by our culture and the lure of liberty and democracy ( and more importantly , capitalism ) .
Time is on our side .
But if we attack them , we will definitely push them toward nationalism , militarism and fundamentalism .
Ironically , we will create more Islamic radicals to fight , not less .
2. Islamofascism does not exist .
It 's a made up word and made up concept .
There are plenty of Islamic radicals and Islamic fundamentalists .
In fact , I think the " war on terror " should be renamed the " war on fundamentalism . "
But these radicals do n't believe in fascism .
They do n't think the state should be merged with corporations .
Corporations ?
Are there a slew of Islamic corporations threatening the world ?
Fascism has many elements to it , not just the corporate aspects .
But a thoughtful look at what makes up a fascist state will not reveal any resemblance to fundamentalist Islam .
They share the fact that they both believe in repression of the citizenry , but so does nearly every dictatorial regime in the history of mankind .
So , why do n't we call them Islamocommunists or Islamomaoists or Islamoimperialists ?
Why , because it 's silly .
Just call them what they are - Islamic fundamentalists .
Of course , the reason the neo-conservatives made this " Islamofascists " word up is so they could compare Iran and Ahmedinejad to the Nazis and use it as a pretense to attack Iran .
It 's so obvious that it 's a bit pathetic .
3 . The third reason why I am not afraid of the so - called Islamofascists is because I am not a coward .
I do n't run away from American principles and the US constitution just because we were attacked .
I believe in America and what she stands for .
These colors do n't run .
I guess there are some people so weak and frightened that they will argue that we should change America so that we become more like our enemy in order to defeat them .
But I 'm not in that camp .
I 'm in the camp of standing by our flag , standing by our constitution and standing by our principles .
If we can't beat them by being Americans , then what 's the point ?
Do these neo -conservative cowards believe in America at all ?
Do they believe in the America that respects its citizens ' rights , that treats everyone -- even their prisoners -- fairly , that is the shining beacon for the world ?
Do they believe in the America that beat the real Nazis without having to be Nazis ?
That beat the Stalinists without having to become like the Stalinists ?
Or do they think we should torture , spy on innocent Americans , start first strike wars and violate all of the principles that made this country great ?
You be the judge .
But I , for one , am not afraid of the boogeyman , even if the boogeyman has my name first on his list .
The America I know and love can beat any real or imagined boogeyman .
And we do it by having the courage of our convictions and staying true to who we are .
Watch TYT Here
_______
About
The JavaScript Raytracer is a 3D rendering engine written entirely in JavaScript .
It implements the raytracing algorithm to create images of mathematically defined shapes such as spheres .
For a quick demonstration , select " Original JS Raytracer Scene " from the " Load Preset " dropdown in the " Workspace Options " section .
Then click Load , scroll down and click " Render " in " Render Controls , " and scroll down farther to view the image as it renders .
Black and white photography offers a unique perspective on many subjects .
Removing colour brings out the hidden details , textures , and shapes .
Black and white photography is sometimes treated as the " poor relation " of colour photography .
After all , why limit yourself to shades of gray when you can use the entire spectrum of colours ?
In reality a black and white photo can often look even more stunning and captivating than the colour equivalent .
Colour can sometimes act as a distraction in a photo , and removing it can help to re-focus the viewer 's attention on the intended subject .
Black and white photography can be largely boiled down to five key concepts .
Developing your familiarity with them will help you take more informed black and white shots , and the same concepts can also be used to improve your colour photos .
Shape and Form
When you remove colour from an image you can no longer rely on it to provide interest or a focal point in a scene .
This may seem obvious but it can be easy to forget .
By doing away with colour we also remove one of the most potentially distracting elements in a photo .
Form and shape are all - important in black and white photography .
When looking for a good shot , look beyond the colours in a scene and instead focus you attention on the shapes .
Arrange them in a way that emphasises the most interesting aspect of the shape , or creates an intriguing composition of different shapes .
Contrast
Without differences in colour to separate elements in your scene , you must instead introduce contrasting shades into your black and white photos .
You can use contrast to help your main subject stand out - for example by photographing a light subject against a dark background - and also to add depth by including a variety of tones and shades in your photo .
Pattern
Many patterns , particularly subtle ones , often go unnoticed in colour photos , because the colours draw attention away from the pattern itself .
Black and white photography gives you a much better chance of capturing interesting patterns because it focuses the viewer 's attention on the shapes formed by the elements in a scene .
Texture
In the same way that patterns can be lost in colour photography , textures can be too .
When we see a colour photo , our mind immediately begins to identify and label the elements in the scene , meaning that we often do not really " see " the photo , but instead see our mind 's interpretation of it .
When we photograph in black and white , the mind no longer has that colour information to work with , and so pays more attention to elements such as texture , making them appear much more prominent .
Lighting
Lighting is absolutely key to a good black and white photograph because it affects all of the above elements - shape , contrast , pattern and texture .
When thinking about your lighting , consider how it will influence all of these factors , and choose a setup that enhances as many as possible .
Side lighting often produces the most dramatic black and white photos .
It picks out the edges of shapes and increases contrast by adding highlights , and the shadows it creates add interest to the scene as well as enhancing textures and patterns .
Did you enjoy this article ?
Please share it !
Volkswagen reveals Iroc sports car concept
Concept Cars , Volkswagen
on 08/24/2006
Source : Volkswagen
Filed under :on 08/24/2006Source : Volkswagen
Volkswagen has revealed its Iroc sports car concept at a special event in Berlin this evening .
The Iroc marks the return of the Scirocco , Volkswagen ’s iconic sports coupé , which made its debut at the Geneva Motor Show 33 years ago .
Even in colour , with its Viper Green metallic paint , the Iroc harks back to the Scirocco , where this exact shade was available in the 1976 model range .
The Iroc has distinctive dimensions , with a very long roof and steeply sloping rear , which not only gives it an aggressive and sporting appearance , it also liberates space in the back for two adults plus luggage .
In size , the Iroc is slightly longer ( 36 mm ) than the Golf , measuring 4,240 mm and
41 mm wider at 1,800 mm .
Its wheelbase is over 10 cm longer than that of the Golf at 2,680 mm ; however with its squat coupé - like stance , it is 79 mm shorter at 1,400 mm .
The Iroc has 19 " alloy wheels .
The design of the Iroc is distinctive and eye - catching .
It uses a Volkswagen ‘ face ’ which is not yet common to other vehicles in the range , though the honeycomb - shaped structure of the radiator grille is undoubtedly a link to the Golf GTI .
Another notable feature is the lack of obvious A pillars , due to the wide windscreen which overlaps them at the front .
Click to enlarge
Inside , the Iroc has four seats , as well as a spacious boot of 300 litres , which can be increased if the rear seats are folded down .
Despite this practicality , the Iroc has been clearly designed inside as a sports car , with features such as front bucket seats and integrated five - point seat belts with central buckle .
Most distinctive , however , are the gauges and controls in the Iroc ’s cabin .
Two large and newly - designed round instruments form the visual centre of the cockpit .
The driver looks into two cylinders with twelve illuminated bars which create a three dimensional segmentation within the instruments .
Under the bonnet , the Iroc features Volkswagen ’s ground - breaking TSI petrol technology , which uses a turbocharger and a supercharger to produce diesel - like consumption with impressive performance .
Designed to maximise driving fun , the concept has a 210 bhp TSI engine , but a range of TSIs , starting from under 150 bhp , are also feasible .
Click to enlarge
The Iroc combines practicality with driving fun and expressive design in a car that as a possible series - production vehicle would be attractively positioned in price .
The Scirocco was a huge success for Volkswagen , with over half a million examples of the Giugiaro - designed first generation produced .
It was launched in the UK in 1974 , with the second generation following in 1981 .
When sales stopped in 1993 , 77,460 Sciroccos had been sold in the UK .
Source : Volkswagen
Share with : Delicious reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Prev : 10 World ’s Fastest Cars Next : September 2006 : a new BMW for every day of the month
Your Comments
( guest blogged by Bill W. )
Download Download
The message from Bush to the Democratically controlled Congress was simple : Approve Mukasey or we will all die , and it will be all your fault .
Bush : " The job of Attorney General is essential to the security of America " ... " Some in Washington should spend more time responding to the warnings of terrorists like Osama bin Laden , and the requests of our commanders on the ground , and less time responding to the demands of MoveOn.org bloggers and Code Pink protesters . "
( Nicole : Wow .
How much more irrelevant can the President get when he starts adopting Fox News talking points instead of vice versa ?
You know the old Gandhi saying , " first , they ignore you ... "
Well , fellow bloggers , if the Spoiled Brat in Chief is any guide , we 're close to winning . )
Pop Quiz !
Who said this ?
" I do n't know where bin Laden is .
I have no idea and really do n't care .
It 's not that important .
It 's not our priority . "
Or this ?
" I do n't know where he is .
I 'll repeat what I said .
I truly am not that concerned about him . "
Or this ?
" Deep in my heart I know the man 's on the run , if he 's alive at all ... I just do n't spend much time on it , really , to be honest with you . "
And who disbanded the CIA unit dedicated to finding bin Laden ?
Just checking .
RAMALLAH , West Bank -
A new squad of morality police has begun detaining Palestinians who eat or drink in public during Ramadan in the West Bank , where the Islamic month of daytime fasting was always widely observed but never imposed .
The 12 - member squad appears to be an attempt by President Mahmoud Abbas 's West Bank government to challenge the monopoly on religious righteousness claimed by the militant group Hamas , the rival ruler of Gaza .
The sudden deployment of Ramadan police was unexpected in Ramallah , the seat of Abbas 's government and the most cosmopolitan and well - to - do of the Palestinian cities .
Ramadan squads have not been set up in other West Bank towns .
One recent afternoon , vice squad Lieutenant Murad Qendah got a radio call telling him a suspect was spotted in the street imbibing karoub - a local soft drink made from carob pods .
He ordered his six - man squad to seize the man 's papers pending investigation .
Police say violators are usually held for 24 hours .
" If anybody violates respect for Ramadan in the street , we take their identity papers and hold them for investigation , " said Qendah , 27 , whose officers wear red shoulder badges that say " morality police . "
Police spokesman Adnan al - Damari said police have arrested at least 50 alleged public morality offenders in Ramallah since the start of Ramadan , but would not be going after people who break the fast at home .
" The duty of the morality police is to preserve public manners in public places and to preserve the feelings of the people who are fasting , " he said .
" Violating the holiness of Ramadan is a violation of people 's freedom . "
Islamic custom demands that believers fast and refrain from self - indulgence between sunrise and sunset during Ramadan , which began Sept. 13 in the West Bank this year .
The fast is largely observed across the Muslim world ; voluntarily in some countries and under strict enforcement in others such as Saudi Arabia and Bahrain .
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
I was sitting in a conference room at a publishing company in New York City ( not The Times ) last week when an editor poked his head in the door .
A hot new sporty hatchback had been dropped off for him to drive to a studio for a photo shoot .
But there was a problem : the car had a manual transmission , and the editor could n’t drive a stick .
At first everyone in the conference thought he was joking .
He was n’t .
His magazine is n’t a car magazine , so there ’s no professional reason for him to know how to drive a stick .
But I ’d always thought it was a basic life skill , like rock , paper , scissors , and shuffling cards .
I ’d always taken it for granted .
It ’s really not so hard .
One afternoon of grinding on the clutch , that ’s all it takes .
I picked it up in college when I did n’t have a car , and my roommates had a Honda Prelude and a Mazda RX - 7 .
When I got my first car , a VW Golf , the manual transmission was the cheaper option by a thousand dollars , which was two months rent at the time .
I was living in Los Angeles .
Even though stopping and starting and stopping over Laurel Canyon during rush hour was excruciating , it was a completely different experience when the canyon roads were empty .
That ’s D - R - I - V - I - N. Forget about the talk of no mass transit .
As long as Southern California has those roads and those views , no one ’s giving up their cars , but I digress .
Of course , it ’s no secret that manual transmission ’s days are numbered , especially with the advent of paddle - shifters , which give drivers the convenience of an automatic while retaining performance cred .
I can sort of understand .
Paddle - shifting a BMW M5 ?
Not so bad .
But a Honda Fit ?
Not the same .
Which leads me to wonder :
How many people really feel that paddle - shifters offer the same type of visceral feedback as a manual transmission ?
Mitsubishi plans to appeal to both demographics when it releases the new Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution early next year ( it went on sale in Japan on Monday ) .
The Evo has always been a true hardcore performance car , up there with Porsche - like power and handling and a toboggan ’s ride quality .
But Mitsubishi offered no apologies to those who did n’t like the stark interior or the harsh ride .
Go buy a BMW , it seemed to dare those who complained .
The latest version seems to search out the middle ground .
Though early test drives have raved about the power and the overall performance , they ’ve also mentioned the improved ride comfort .
Mitsubishi is clearly going after a broader audience .
It ’s also the first time that the Evolution will have an automatic transmission option .
I fully understand that we ’re all heading toward a carborg society , where we wo n’t have to shift , brake or steer , and all controls will be based on voice recognition , but I ca n’t help longing for those canyon days .
I ca n’t be alone , can I ?
Hello , everyone !
I make no claims to being a Wittgenstein expert–I ’m just beginning to learn more about him , having noticed he has some affinities with Kierkegaard , one of my favorites , and thinking about applying Wittgenstein ’s thought in my upcoming book Witch Hunt .
It strikes me that Wittgenstein ’s work is profoundly mystical and religious .
I gather that the early Wittgenstein , represented mainly in the Tractatus , his first and only published work , offers something of a pictorial view of language –that words name objects , so that statements are either true or false if the real world corresponds to the statement .
For instance , “ The cat is on the mat ” is either true or false , depending on whether we can verify it in the world .
“ The world is all that is the case , ” as Wittgenstein puts it .
The logical positivists really ran with this , people like A.J.
Ayer going so far as to say , with his verification principle , that any statements that could not be empirically verified , such as religious statements like “ Jesus is Lord , ” are nonsensical .
But I do n’t sense that with Wittgenstein .
Rather , he ends the Tractatus with the idea that , of what we cannot speak , we should be silent .
There ’s a sense of a reverential silence there .
It reminds me of Kierkegaard ’s views that religious truth cannot be objectively formulated –that real , passionate truth is subjectivity for Kierkegaard .
The later Wittgenstein seems to me to reject his own initial view of words as only naming objects and realizes different types of language function differently –here he comes up with his views on language games .
Wittgenstein argues there is no essential meaning to any word , and that the meaning of a word is its use in a particular context .
Words are like tools in a toolbox – the meaning of a word is its use .
A word has no ultimate , Platonic , universal definition .
Thus , his example of what we call a “ game ” –some games are competitive , but some are not ( tossing a balloon back and forth with a child ) , some games are team games , some are not ( Solitaire ) , etc.–so that there is no essential meaning to the word “ game . ”
Rather , the various things we call “ games ” have family resemblances to each other .
This impacts religion , for there is no single definition of religion .
Some religions have one God , some many , some none .
And even what seems common to all of what we call religion , such as that they have ritual , does not apply in all cases ( such as a solitary monk who follows no rituals , unless you call the monkhood itself a ritual ) .
Thus , Wittgenstein in many ways responds to A.J. Ayer and makes room for such statements as “ Jesus is Lord , ” which does make sense in its own language game .
Where science and religion get confused is when they try to apply their own criteria to another discourse .
It makes no empirical , scientific sense to talk about Adam and Eve , for instance–science cannot deal with that .
However , from a religious standpoint , that story has a lot to say about human destiny , free will , sin , our relationship with God and estrangement , etc .
So scientific and religious discourse can complement each other .
I like that about Wittgenstein–he makes room for faith and the language of faith , but it ’s mystical and does not have to be scientific .
Of course , the criticism I would have of Wittgenstein is that , if taken too far , science and religion then have no way to criticize each other , and I think mutual criticism is beneficial for both .
Religious thought should always take scientific thought seriously , and , since science cannot really answer ethical questions , or ultimate “ why ” questions either , I believe science has to be in dialogue with religion .
In my own work , not only do I have an admiration for Wittgenstein because of that mystical quality , but also his fight against our craving for generality , as he calls it : our attempts to universalize the meanings of words .
For instance , “ harassment , ” and this is how I ’m thinking of using Wittgenstein in Witch Hunt–we use that word “ harassment ” in very many different ways in sexual harassment law , especially “ hostile environment ” sexual “ harassment ” –and some of those ways seem very harmful to me ( quid pro quo extorting someone for sex , and real types of intentional harassment , for instance ) , while others not so much ( merely asking someone out and being too shy and hence awkward about it , or telling a joke ) .
And yet , when we hear the word “ harassment , ” we have a craving to generalize it all as wrong and slam people for their “ immorality . ”
( Again , I ’ve been accused of it twice , in both cases I think unfairly and maliciously , and I was lied to and entrapped –I am combining those two experiences into one , fictionalizing it , and using that to form the basic story of Witch Hunt ) .
I personally think we toss that word “ harassment ” around and bewitch ourselves as to its meaning , and Wittgenstein can help us clear up our philosophical confusion .
That ’s how I ’m going to try to use his work in Witch Hunt .
( I hope that made some sense–I ’m just beginning to formulate the ideas about Wittgenstein and have n’t fleshed them out fully yet , plus I ’m trying to be somewhat brief here . )
Anyway , that ’s my .02 for today , for what it ’s worth .
Again , I ’m not claiming any fantastic expertise in Wittgenstein .
That ’s why I say he is “ perhaps ” amazing .
🙂
I ’m just saying I like him so far , even though I ’m just beginning to study him in depth , for many of the reasons I like Kierkegaard –they both seem to me to go beyond a literalistic interpretation of religious language ( and language itself ) and instead have a mystical reverence for that which language often cannot adequately express .
「 A History of CLU 」 ( PDF ) の 2 . Data Abstraction からの抜粋 。
スターをつけまし た
引用をストックしました ストック一覧を見る 閉じ る
引用するにはまずログインしてください ログイン 閉じる
引用をストックできませんでした。再度お試しください 閉じる
One of the greatest challenges facing the designers of many - core processors is resource contention .
The chart below visually lays out the problem of resource contention , but for most of us the idea is intuitively easy to grasp : more cores and more simultaneous threads means more contention for shared resources , specifically cache space and memory bandwidth .
As Moore 's Law increases , the amount of parallel hardware and the number of threads that can access a single , shared resource , this problem will continue to grow .
Indeed , resource contention challenges have the potential to scale fairly well with increases in core and thread counts , so chip multiprocessor ( CMP ) designers have been working on ways to address this issue since the very start of the dual - core era .
In the present article , I 'll take a look at the issue of resource contention and at one of Intel 's proposed methods for overcoming this challenge : the quality - of - service - aware memory hierarchy .
Making the problem worse : virtualization and heterogeneous
multiprocessing
Virtualization has the potential to exacerbate the resource contention problem tremendously , since different workloads running in different virtual machines — workloads managed by OS instances that are mutually unaware of one another — can create a kind of " perfect storm " and pull overall system performance down through the floor .
Or , to put this in plainer English by using an analogy , the VM contention problem is kind of like a two - family condo where both floors are on the same ( aging ) breaker box .
On a Friday night in the dead of summer , if the undergrad girls in the top unit are running eight lights , two air conditioners , four curling irons , and an entertainment system , and the couple down below is running an air conditioner , a washer and dryer , and a dishwasher , then something 's bound to blow .
Within each unit , the inhabitants may be carefully monitoring their electricity usage so as not to overtax the aging circuits , but the lack of cross - unit coordination is a recipe for periodic blackouts .
( To unpack the analogy briefly , the two condo units would be two virtual machines , and the person keeping track of electricity usage in each unit would be the OS . )
Virtualization - related resource contention is already a real problem , and there have been a number of attempts by Intel and others in the academic community to profile how different types of workloads interact ( c.f. " Virtualization in the Enterprise , " Intel Technology Journal , v10 , issue 3 ) .
What these studies have found is that degenerate cases , where resource contention causes performance degradation across all the VMs in a system , are not uncommon on enterprise workloads .
The other major contributing factor to the looming resource contention crisis is the heterogeneous nature of future multiprocessors .
As I described in my previous article on Terascale , Intel 's vision of the future of the " processor " is a heterogeneous network on a chip ( NoC ) .
This NoC may contain cores of different types , some of which are highly application - specific .
These cores will run threads that have very different resource needs and usage patterns than the more general - purpose x86 cores , with the result that so many highly diverse thread types drawing on one memory hierarchy could create undreamed of levels of contention .
In other words , the individual members in this crowd of threads will be very different from one another , and when you cram them together into one memory hierarchy you can expect something like a bar - room brawl to break out .
QoS and the memory hierarchy
Intel 's solution to the resource contention problem — a solution with a very long pedigree in everything from networks to the power grid — is to build a framework for enforcing priority - based quality of service ( QoS ) in the memory hierarchy .
This solution was described and evaluated in a recent ACM SIG presentation entitled " QoS Policy and Architecture for Cache / Memory in CMP Platforms . "
The basic idea goes as follows : A hardware / software mechanism is provided so that a user or administrator can assign running threads one of two priority levels , either low ( 1 ) or high ( 0 ) .
High - priority threads , which are presumably more critical than lower - priority threads , are then given more cache space and more memory bandwidth than low - priority threads .
A special hardware unit keeps track of the resources that each thread is using in real time and makes tweaks and adjustments to the cache and memory unit so that the overall result is that the high - priority threads keep the upper hand over the low - priority threads .
So the idea behind a QoS - aware memory hierarchy is relatively straightforward ( though I have oversimplified a bit here ) .
But the devil , as always , is in the details .
Let 's take a look .
Last updated at 16:05 14 August 2007
Virgin tycoon Sir Richard Branson hurled a glass of water of a TV presenter after he was banned from talking about his new airline , according to reports .
The multi-millionaire , 57 , was being interviewed by US political comic Stephen Colbert in front of a live studio audience in New York when he lost his cool .
But despite being drenched , the host , who Branson had named a plane after , refused to be phased .
He demanded a bottle of water from aides and then retaliated by flinging it that over his multi-millionaire guest .
An unnamed member of the studio audience told New York 's media website FishbowlNY : " Branson was apparently upset that he was n't able to give a direct plug to the new Virgin service and doused Colbert with his guest mug of water .
" Stephen was drenched .
He took a beat , then signalled for his own ammunition for about twenty seconds until Alison ( Silverman ) ran and gave him her bottle of water , and Stephen retaliated .
" The two of them sat for a very uncomfortable second looking like two wet cats .
" Then Stephen thanked him for coming .
I really do n't think it was planned , since Stephen had another bit to introduce and a full interview left to do .
" They had to get him a new jacket and even broke out a blowdryer . "
Virgin America launched its inaugural flights from New York 's John F Kennedy International and Los Angeles International Airport to their home base of San Francisco last Wednesday .
According to reports in The Sun , a Virgin spokesman insisted Branson had been invited on The Colbert Report to talk about the new low - cost service .
He said : " Richard did throw his water over Stephen .
As most people know , Richard can be unpredictable . "
Branson is set to re-record Colbert 's show later this week .
Looking for the ajax demo ?
jsProgressBarHandler 0.3.3 | Javascript Progress / Percentage Bar
1. Automatically created Progress Bars ( Default Styling ) Program Efficiency
15 % « Select Options
Website Projects Progress
35 % « Select Options
Weight Loss Progress
50 % « Select Options
Upload Progress Bar
80 % « Select Options
2. Manually created Progress Bars ( Custom Styling ) Custom Progress Bar ( without text , without animation )
50 % « Select Options
Multi Color Bar
[ Loading Progress Bar ] « Select Options
This page is a testpage of jsProgressBarHandler - see http://www.bram.us/projects/js_bramus/jsprogressbarhandler/ for details
Neuros Technology did it again : one more of their interesting media products hits the market , and this time it uses Linux .
We used the Neuros OSD this past week and here ’s what we think about it .
At its heart , the Neuros OSD is a TV recorder .
It has a small form factor , and it ’s by far the sexiest product Neuros released so far .
It comes with a stand , an RCA cable , a remote control , an IR Blaster , and a power cable .
Connecting it to various devices is an easy task .
You can choose between S - Video in or RCA in , and RCA out .
Unfortunately , there is no S - Video out .
The company said that “ our team noticed a very minimal gain in quality of the video output when using S - video instead of Composite during their tests “ , although this is hard to believe when you playback full NTSC .avi files rather than recorded QVGA ones .
More over , on the device you will find an ethernet port for LAN support , and a serial / VGA port for debugging and development .
The Neuros OSD has CF , SD , MS and USB ports on the front .
This way , you can connect a USB key or drive , or a flash card to record .
It can record in QVGA and VGA resolutions using different mpeg - 4 formats ( or more precisely , “ parts ” ) , depending on the targeted playback device ( e.g. for the PSP , iPod , TV , phones etc ) .
The interesting addition of the Neuros OSD is the IR Blaster which when placed against the IR receiver of cable boxes it can change the channel !
So for example , if you schedule the OSD to record “ Prison Break ” on FOX at 8 PM on Monday , and then record “ Heroes ” on NBC at 9 PM , the IR Blaster will change the channel on the cable box and so both shows will be recorded .
More over , there is a one - click recording option , so you will never miss a thing .
We recorded a few shows from our cable box to test the device and also from our DVD player and it Neuros did the job as advertised .
An additional usage of the Neuros OSD is its playback abilities .
It can playback everything from Quicktime to FLV , ASF , WMV , mpeg , mpeg4 , but we had no luck wtih h.264 .
The best compatibility was for DivX files that it played back at higher resolutions without sweating much .
Additionally , it can playback mp3 , wma , ogg vorbis , flac , wav , AAC , and G.726 .
It is also able to decode bmp , jpeg and gif and function as a picture viewer .
The part we really loved was its UPnP support .
We used the TwonkyMedia UPnP server to test the Neuros , and stream videos over our local network .
Perhaps the most interesting new feature is YouTube video streaming and also generic audio streaming from the net .
Originally , the feature did n’t work great for us , but the guys over at Neuros fixed the network problem and we can now stream videos that are longer than a minute .
Still , we do have a few problems , e.g. some videos start showing on TV after a full minute or so ( with these videos already on their first minute ) !
The big plus of running on Linux of course is that you can easily release an SDK and allow for third party applications !
The UI is not too bad , but it could be better .
Some bugs exist and in a few cases we had to remove the power cable to reset the device .
Also , I am somehow not able to put the device in standby using the “ PWR ” button on the remote control .
Thankfully , new firmware versions are regularly released .
I think that a picture is worth 1000 words , but possibly a video can worth 100,000 .
So , here ’s our video showing off the user interface and various options available .
Some more Neuros OSD youtube videos can be found here , although most of them are running firmware versions that sport older UIs .
Overall , Neuros seems to get it .
Extensibility , plus a powerful product .
Hopefully HD abilities and failing that , S - Video out , will be available on the next major revision of the product .
Sure , it does n’t feel as cool as an AppleTV , but it does so much more !
Rating : 8/10
Welcome to
The Glambo Signature Series " Hello Kitty " HK - AK - 47
click image to enlarge
The world should note the hand - crocheted shoulder - stock muffler and the anodized titanium plating .
This fully functional firearm fires standard 7.62 mm 125 or 150 grain ammunition with a muzzle velocity of approximately 710 meters per second and a maximum effective range of approximately 300 meters .
Several choices in stock wood are available .
With a limited run of only 500 , buy now before they 're gone !
A mere $ 100 extra includes Glambo 's signature wood - burnt into the opposite side of the handguard .
A perfect gift for the young lady of the house .
A bargain at only $ 1072.95 !
GlamGuns Store Main Menu
What does it take to keep the beautiful healthy , and let the healthy be beautiful ?
Ever since 98 - pound Uruguayan model Luisel Ramos dropped dead at an August fashion show , critics around the world have been calling for an end to the uber - thin trend in catwalkers .
So far it has worked – kind of .
The media fallout over Ramos – who at 5 ’ 9 ” had a body mass index ( BMI ) of just 14.5 – resulted in fashion - week organizers in New York , Milan and Madrid banning girls with BMIs below the World Health Organization ’s lowest “ normal ” score of 18.5 .
Yet even as headlines fuss over bids to ban size - zero models , advertisements continue to idolize them .
There are two separate problems in displaying inordinately thin women as the embodiment of beauty .
One , the fashion industry may implicitly encourage models to starve , take drugs and die in order to fit into the going designer ’s sample size .
And two , the constant media parade of impossibly svelte women may batter the psyches and eating habits of the rest of the normal world .
U.K. Culture Secretary Tessa Jowell summed up this sentiment best : “ This is not simply about the fashion industry and ensuring that girls are not exploited .
There are also wider social consequences like the impact of the culture of thinness on the well - being and aspirations of teenage girls . ”
Invoking BMI , unfortunately , wo n’t help solve either problem .
It is an imperfect tool that may fail to gauge a model ’s overall health and therefore fail to protect her .
What ’s more , a BMI cutoff is unlikely to stem societal messages to vulnerable young women , especially those who are genetically at risk for eating disorders like anorexia and bulimia .
While it ’s clear that the media play a significant role in cultural body attitudes , which can serve as a trigger for food - related mental illness , anorexia and bulimia are still poorly understood .
Pointing the finger at the size zeros or sub 18.5 - ers is missing the point .
The body mass index was developed by Belgian statistician Adolphe Quetelet in the mid-1800s .
It models human beings mathematically , like perfect cylinders : weight ( in kilograms ) divided by height ( in meters ) squared .
In the 1980s , as doctors caught the first glimpses of the obesity crisis to come , BMI took over from height and weight tables as the primary measure of a healthy body .
Today , organizations like the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and the World Health Organization have divided BMI into four categories : under 18.5 is underweight ; 18.5 to 24.9 is normal ; 25 to 29.9 is overweight and over 30 is obese .
There has been , for years , a debate over where the lowest “ normal ” BMI lies .
It used to be 20 , but some say it ’s 19 .
Fifteen is definitely bad , and under 17.5 is part of the accepted diagnosis for anorexia .
The truth is that BMI , though useful for big epidemiological studies , is a pretty blunt instrument .
The formula is the same for men and women , even though men of the same height , on average , weigh more than their female counterparts .
A study from the March issue of Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise found that BMI was a poor determinant of body fat in male and female college students , and especially bad at gauging health for athletes due to all that excess muscle they carry .
The authors suggested alternative “ healthy ” BMI ranges specifically tailored for nonathlete men and women , and their sportier friends .
Though BMI was developed to approximate “ fatness , ” you can still score in the healthy range while carrying an excess of belly fat ( according to some studies bellies are an even better predictor of heart disease and diabetes risk ) .
Very short people are also often misdiagnosed as “ healthy ” when they have a worrying level of body fat .
A 2003 study comparing short - statured and taller people with the same BMI concluded that , for short people , obesity should sit at a cut - off of 25 instead of 30 .
That ’s a big difference .
Similar distortions likely occur at the other extreme of the height - weight scale , where we find our female models .
So a perfectly healthy model who actually eats and one who subsists on Diet Coke , cigarettes and cocaine could well have the same BMI .
Young , active girls blessed with a certain metabolism and bone structure may have a BMI of 18 ( or very slightly under ) and be in no particular danger .
So based on the science , healthy but sub -18.5 models may be justified in suing for discrimination , as they threatened to do in February if the London Fashion Week chose the 18.5 cutoff .
Perhaps everyone could be happy with mid-upper arm circumference , which the U.N. Committee on Nutrition considers to be a better indicator of starvation and muscle atrophy ?
It is independent of height , quick to measure and much easier , prior to the runway , than a full body - fat x-ray or a stomach - contents analysis .
Healthily thin or truly drop dead gorgeous : the question remains as to whether very thin models hurt the public at large .
A study published just last month from the University of Missouri found that looking at models in magazine ads made women of all shapes , sizes and body esteem feel bad about themselves .
Over the past two decades multitudes of studies have unearthed similar findings :
In experimental settings , looking at thin models makes women feel bad , angry and disappointed with their own figures .
Exposure to model - laden ads may result in women eating more , especially ( though strangely ) if those women are already diet and food conscious .
Some studies even find an increase in eating - disorder symptoms after subjects just flipped through fashion ads .
Eating disorders are a grave problem .
According to the National Institute of Mental Health , an estimated 0.5 % to 3.7 % of women will suffer from anorexia in their lifetime ; 1.1 % to 4.2 % for bulimia and 2 % to 5 % for binge eating disorder .
Anorexia exacts the highest death rate of any mental illness , a rate 12 times higher than deaths from all other causes for women age 15 to 24 .
Seeing media images of thin women , however , is just one part of the eating disorder puzzle .
According to the National Women ’s Health Information Center , teenagers whose parents criticize their weight or diet and value thinness are more likely to become anorexic or bulimic .
Stressful life events , from rape to simply starting a new job are implicated in the development of eating disorders .
Personality differences also affect the likelihood of becoming anorexic , which may be linked straight back to brain chemistry , which may underpin anorexia ’s close link with depression .
And of course , there are the genetics .
In 2002 , University of Pittsburgh psychiatrist Walter Kaye led a team of researchers who found the first genetic markers for anorexia among 37 families with multiple sufferers .
In 2003 , the same team found a strong genetic marker for bulimia .
Today the same researchers have a $ 10 million NIH grant to explore the genetics and environmental cues that lead to anorexia .
They are currently looking for more subjects to bring their study size up to 400 families .
Current opinion is that genetics predispose certain individuals to eating disorders , which may then be triggered by the environment .
Environments like a thin - obsessed culture .
It ’s important to remember , says Kaye , that almost all Western women are exposed to the thinness ideal through images , but only a tiny fraction of them develop true eating disorders .
“ Less than half of one percent of all women develop anorexia nervosa , which indicates to us that societal pressure alone is n’t enough to cause someone to develop this disease , ” said Kaye in a press release this January .
There is also no evidence that the ultra- skinny , size - zero models are responsible for undue harm .
No studies have compared the effects on young women of viewing a size - zero model versus sizes two , four or six .
It might not take a BMI as low as 18 to get the average American woman – who wears a size 14 or so – to start feeling ashamed about her body and strain her relationship with food .
What ’s more , there is little evidence to show that as models get skinnier – as the media report they have – eating disorders go up .
Though eating disorders have clearly proliferated in the twentieth century , one 2006 study from Psychological Medicine actually found a drop in U.S. bulimia rates from 1982 to 2002 .
In a 2004 study published in the International Journal of Eating Disorders doctors at University Hospital in Zurich found that although rates of anorexia increased dramatically in the 1960s and 1970s , they have remained stable since then .
Doctors at the Institute of Psychiatry in London found a similar stability in anorexia rates between 1988 and 2000 , according to a study published in the British Journal of Psychiatry in 2005 .
The only clear truth is that eating disorders like anorexia are complicated , poorly understood and dangerous .
Blaming size - zero models ( and the industry that loves them ) is a simplistic view of these diseases .
Sort of like how using BMI to protect those same women is glossing over the fact that the fashion industry seems incapable or unwilling to prevent women from dying in the name of beauty .
Mosque massacre : Washington ’s “ war on terror ” shakes Pakistan
By Bill Van Auken
11 July 2007
A week - long siege mounted by the Pakistani military against Lal Masjid , or Red Mosque , in Islamabad ended violently Tuesday in bitter fighting that claimed a heavy loss of life .
Citing Pakistani military sources , the Dawn News television network reported that 88 civilians and 12 army commandos had been killed by late Tuesday , as the day - long battle continued .
There was no way as of last night , however , to determine the real death toll .
Military spokesman Major General Waheed Arshad declined to give a firm casualty figure , stating bluntly , “ When the operation is finished we ’ll start picking up bodies . ”
It is suspected that many of the victims are young madrassa students , drawn from poor families and from the strife - torn regions of Kashmir and the North West Frontier Province .
In the course of the siege , frantic family members gathered on street corners outside the barbed - wire barricades erected by the military , hoping for news of their children and relatives trapped inside .
“ He is getting dollars for every student from America , Europe and others , ” Badshah Rehman , whose two sons were inside the mosque , said of Pakistan ’s US - backed military dictator Gen. Pervez Musharraf .
“ He has killed our children for dollars , ” he told the Reuters news agency , while keeping vigil with other parents .
Islamabad was rocked by a series of explosions and sustained automatic weapons fire beginning in the pre-dawn hours Tuesday .
The besieged mosque is located in the center of the city , and the fighting unfolded in close proximity to government buildings and residential neighborhoods where state officials reside .
Much of the Pakistani capital was under curfew , and its inhabitants kept off the streets .
There were reports of civilians being struck by stray bullets up to a kilometer away from the mosque .
The operation involved several thousand Pakistani troops .
According to some accounts , Musharraf personally directed the assault , which was led by an elite commando unit that he had previously commanded .
That fighting was still going on more than 17 hours after the assault began was testimony to the tenacity of the resistance .
Pakistani soldiers and police kept the media far away from the mosque and barred access to hospitals in an attempt to control information on casualties , which may prove even more horrific than those reported thus far .
Reporters who sought to breach this blockade were threatened with being shot .
Among the confirmed dead at the Lal mosque was its deputy chief Abdul Rasheed Ghazi .
Interior Ministry spokesman Brig .
Javed Cheema told the Pakistani press that he was found barricaded in a basement of the mosque compound together with women and children .
The brigadier claimed that after militants fired on the troops , “ The troops responded and in the crossfire he was killed . ”
What has happened to the women and children who were with Ghazi is not known , but in a cell phone call from inside the mosque , a man reported that there were “ dead bodies everywhere ” and that Ghazi ’s own mother had been killed .
The military and the government have routinely referred to women and children in the compound as “ human shields , ” thereby placing the onus for their deaths on the mosque ’s leaders .
The latter , however , have insisted that those remaining in the compound were there voluntarily .
The bloodbath was ordered by Musharraf in an apparent bid to placate Washington ’s demands for harsher measures against radical Islamist forces and shore up his own crumbling political position within Pakistan .
There is every possibility , however , that the violent assault on the mosque compound and the significant loss of life will further destabilize Pakistan and could well prove only the first battle in a civil war .
Hundreds of armed supporters of those in the besieged mosque blocked the strategic Karakorum Highway in the Himalayas , a key trade route between Pakistan and China .
The protesters , many of them local madrassa students , vowed to wage a jihad against Musharraf ’s regime .
On the eve of the mosque assault Monday , the Bajaur region of the tense North West Frontier Province saw some 20,000 tribesmen , many carrying assault rifles , take to the streets in opposition to the siege , chanting “ Death To Musharraf ! ” and “ Death To America ! ”
According to press accounts , the Pakistani regime has dispatched a division comprising some 20,000 troops to the restive region , which borders Afghanistan .
The US - led occupation forces in Afghanistan have conducted missile strikes on targets in the area , leading to mass casualties , and they have been pressing for Islamabad ’s permission to conduct “ hot pursuit ” operations across the border into Bajaur and other parts of the northwest .
An intensified crisis pitting the Musharraf regime against Islamist forces could well provide the pretext for a major US intervention in Pakistan itself .
A State Department spokesman signaled Washington ’s approval of the bloodletting .
“ The government of Pakistan has proceeded in a responsible way , ” he said “ All governments have a responsibility to preserve order . ”
On the eve of the battle , Washington ’s ambassador to the United Nations John Negroponte , who visited Islamabad last month , stated in a Voice of America interview , “ This is a matter that I think the government and the authorities , including the security officials of the government of Pakistan , must resolve .
This is not something for us to say .
So , we will respect whatever decisions are made by the government of Pakistan . ”
Negroponte , the veteran of no small number of US - engineered massacres from Central America to Iraq , was being excessively modest .
There can be little doubt that his discussions with Musharraf and other Pakistani officials contained an ultimatum from Washington that they finish the job against the Islamists .
President Bush , speaking in Cleveland Tuesday , gave a ringing endorsement of the massacre in Islamabad .
“ I like him and I appreciate him , ” Bush said of the dictator Musharraf , describing him as “ a strong ally in the war against these extremists . ”
That these “ extremists ” are in large measure the byproduct of policies pursued by Washington in the region , as well as those of its key ally , Pakistan ’s military regime , is passed over in silence .
Tensions between the mosque and the Musharraf government had become increasingly sharp in recent months as a result of , on the one hand , a government campaign to seize prime real estate supposedly occupied unlawfully by mosques , and , on the other , escalating Islamist demands that Sharia law be imposed in the capital and throughout the country .
Students from the Red Mosque compound mounted their own vigilante campaign , attacking stores that sold DVDs and videotapes and , in a widely reported incident last month , abducting a group of Chinese women from a massage parlor .
This episode provoked protests from Beijing as well as the wrath of the Pakistani government , which counts China among its closest trade partners and allies .
But relations were by no means always so poisoned .
The mosque ’s central location , just blocks from the headquarters of the Pakistani military intelligence , the ISI , was no accident .
For many years , Lal Masjid was virtually a government - run mosque , enjoying the patronage of successive Pakistani military rulers going back to Ayub Khan more than 40 years ago .
It was under the last military dictator , Zia ul Haq , that the mosque became closely enmeshed in the policies then being pursued by both the Pakistani regime and the US in the region .
It served as a significant ideological and material base of support for the CIA - backed mujahideen fighting against Soviet forces in Afghanistan .
In return , Zia granted it the exclusive real estate where yesterday ’s fighting unfolded .
Maulana Abdullah , the Muslim cleric who ran the mosque for decades , was assassinated in 1998 .
His sons — Abul Aziz , now in police custody , and Abdul Rashid , killed in the assault — took charge of Lal Masjid , maintaining close ties to the successors of the mujahideen , including Afghanistan ’s Taliban and Al Qaeda — a relationship they shared with the Pakistani regime and the ISI .
Relations between the mosque and Musharraf deteriorated after September 2001 , when the Pakistani ruler backed the US invasion of Afghanistan and the toppling of the Taliban .
Despite the denunciations of his policies , however , Musharraf treated the Islamists with relative tolerance , seeing them as a counterweight to opposition from the left .
There is no doubt that the Pakistani dictator made a calculated political decision to end the siege of Lal Masjid with a bloodbath .
In the early hours of Tuesday morning , a high - level negotiating team led by Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain , a former premier and president of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League , had worked out an agreement for a surrender of the mosque .
When the document was presented to Musharraf , however , he revised virtually every item in it , rendering it unworkable .
Shortly afterwards , the attack began .
While placating Washington was no doubt a decisive factor in Musharraf ’s calculations , so too was the deepening political crisis confronting his regime .
The popular upheavals triggered by his summary firing of Pakistan ’s Chief Justice Chaudhry Iftikhar had led to mounting criticism of his rule and questions over his ability to remain in power , particularly within the US political establishment and media .
Now , the bloodletting at Lal Masjid has shifted this political discussion , with Musharraf cast as the key ally in the “ war on terror . ”
There is also growing speculation that he may use the siege and the expected upheavals to follow as the pretext for imposing a new state of emergency , potentially circumventing presidential and parliamentary elections scheduled in the coming months .
Musharraf may seek to pull off such a coup in alliance with the Pakistan People ’s Party ( PPP ) of Benazir Bhutto , which has indicated that it is prepared to make common cause with the military leader in the name of upholding secularism against the Islamists .
The Pakistani daily Dawn noted Tuesday that the PPP nearly derailed the adoption of a joint declaration at a multi-party conference held by the Pakistani opposition in London last weekend .
While other parties had urged mass resignations of their members from existing national and provincial legislative assemblies if Musharraf tries to use these bodies to give himself another term without an election , “ The PPP — already believed to be in secret negotiations with the government — did not wish to be categorical about its parliamentarians quitting the assemblies , as the other parties apparently seem determined to do if the general - president goes ahead with his plans , ” according to the newspaper .
Whatever accommodation can be patched together between the rival factions of the Pakistani elite , the Lal Masjid massacre is one more indication of the deep instability of all of the country ’s political institutions and the mounting threat that Washington ’s key “ ally in the war on terror ” will be plunged into a revolutionary crisis .
This is something that I would ’ve touched on in my Introduction to Functional Programming in Python talk had it been about 4 hours long .
Suppose I make a nice healthy currying function :
def curry ( f , l ) : return lambda *r : f( l , *r )
and then use it to define a max function like this :
max=curry ( reduce , lambda x , y : [ x , y ] [ x <y ] )
( in Python 2.5 instead of defining curry you can go « curry = functools .
partial »)
( Aside : I really do n’t know what to think of that code on the right hand side of the lambda .
It ’s more or less forced on me by the fact that that body of a lambda is an expression so I ca n’t use if .
It ’s also a compelling reason why Python will probably continue to use Iverson ’s Convention for some while . )
I ’m not saying that it ’s necessarily good idea to define max like this , it ’s a bit of a contrived example , but when you get used to higher order functions you end up defining a lot of really useful functions like this instead of using def statements .
Sometimes such a function will be sufficiently useful that it will form part of a public interface , in which case it needs documenting .
The documentation for max is rubbish :
>>> help ( max )
Help on function < lambda > in module __main__ : < lambda > lambda *r
The way to fix that is to give max an explicit docstring via its secret __doc__ attribute and a proper name via its __name__ attribute :
max.__doc__= " " " Return largest element of sequence . " " " max.__name__='max '
Now the help looks like this :
>>> help ( max )
Help on function max in module __main__ : max (*r ) Return largest element of sequence .
The __name__ attribute means that max ’s name correctly appears after « help on function » and in the function prototype .
The __doc__ attribute appears as max ’s description .
The way the argument list appears is slightly misleading , but I ’ll leave it at that for now .
Maybe there ’s also a sneaky way to fix the argument list ?
It occurs to me that curry could produce some sort of docstring automatically :
def okname ( x ) : " " " Return some okay name for any object . " " " def isnum ( x ) : " " " Return true if x is a number . " " " try : return complex ( x ) == x except Exception : return False def isstr( x ) : " " " Return true if x is a string . " " " try : return str(x ) == x except Exception : return False if isnum ( x ) or isstr( x ) : return repr(x ) try : if x.__name__ == ' < lambda > ' : return ' some anonymous lambda ' else : return x.__name__ except Exception : return ' some nameless object ' def curry ( f , l ) : r = lambda *r : f( l , *r ) r.__doc__ = ( ' Curried application of ' + okname ( f ) + ' to ' + okname ( l ) ) return r
The documentation is not great , but it is slightly better than nothing :
>>> help ( curry ( reduce , operator.add ) )
Help on function < lambda > in module __main__ : < lambda > lambda *r Curried application of reduce to add >>> help ( curry ( operator.add , 1 ) ) Help on function < lambda > in module __main__ : < lambda > lambda *r Curried application of add to 1 >>> map=curry ( reduce , lambda x , y : [ x , y ] [ x < y ] ) >>> help ( map )
Help on function < lambda > in module __main__ : < lambda > lambda *r Curried application of reduce to some anonymous lambda
Along with the compiler module , the possibilities are endless .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Via Law.com :
Apparently President George W. Bush is now so unpopular that some lawyers believe the mere mention of his name in front of a jury could tip the scales against them .
Attorneys Michael P. Laffey and Robert P. DiDomenicis of Holsten & Associates in Media , Pa. , are defending Upper Darby Township , Pa. , in a civil rights suit brought by Harold Lischner , an 82 - year - old doctor who claims he was falsely arrested for displaying an anti-war sign at a Bush campaign event in September 2003 .
With the case set to go to trial on July 23 , the defense lawyers recently filed a flurry of motions , including one that asked Eastern District of Pennsylvania Judge Gene E.K. Pratter to prohibit the plaintiff from mentioning Bush 's name .
Read more ...
There are not many transit systems that make a profit ( read at the Chicago CTA ’s budget deficit here ) .
Nor are there many transit agencies in the world that rely mostly on light rail to transport its passengers .
Amsterdam ’s Gemeentelijk Vervoerbedrijf , also known as the GVB , knows how to effectively manage a transit system , with its numerous tram lines that roll through the narrow streets of Amsterdam .
Within the center of Amsterdam , trams are the kings of the roads ; there are very few bus lines that travel strictly within the center , and parking is a hassle , discouraging driving .
Taking the tram is easy because of the multitude of lines , speed , comfort , frequency , and affordable price .
GVB uses the National Tariff System of the Netherlands , meaning the same ticket used in Amsterdam can be used in other cities , like in Rotterdam or in Den Haag ( The Hague ) .
The new OV Chipkaart smartcard will be accepted on all of Netherland ’s major transport modes sometime in the near future .
Most passengers already have tickets when boarding so time stopped waiting for riders to buy tickets is reduced .
Amsterdam operates new ultra low - floor trams that are level to the sidewalk and have large windows allowing passengers to look out at Amsterdam ’s brick buildings and wide canals .
The total population of Amsterdam is about 750,000 , but over a million rides are taken on the GVB every day , showing that a large percentage of residents rely on transit to commute .
GVB recorded a slight increase in its already stable ridership in 2005 , a large decrease in accidents , and a net income of € 10.3 million after all expenses .
Photo :
At Amsterdam Centraal station , dozens of trams wait for arriving train passengers to board .
Eleven tram lines terminate at Centraal .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Migrating birds , it seems , can “ see ” the Earth ’s magnetic field which they use as a compass to guide them around the globe .
Migratory ducks ( Dendrocygna Autumnalis ) take flight during sunset at the National Park Palo Verde in Bagaces , Guanacaste , Costa Rica , February 13 , 2007 .
Migrating birds , it seems , can " see " the Earth 's magnetic field which they use as a compass to guide them around the globe .
REUTERS / Juan Carlos Ulate
Specialized neurons in the eye , sensitive to magnetic direction , have been shown for the first time to connect via a specific brain pathway to an area in the forebrain of birds responsible for vision , German researchers said on Wednesday .
Scientists have known for many years , from behavioral experiments , that birds use an internal magnetic compass to navigate on their epic annual journeys .
But exactly how the system works has been a mystery .
Now work by Dominik Heyers and colleagues at the University of Oldenburg in Germany has started to unravel the mechanism at a neuroanatomical level -- and it shows the eye is key .
Magnetic sensing molecules in the eye , known as cryptochromes , appear to stimulate photoreceptors depending on the orientation of the magnetic field .
This strongly suggests migratory birds perceive the magnetic field as a visual pattern , the researchers said .
“ It ’s a pity we can not ask them , but what we imagine is that it is like a shadow or a light spot on the normal vision of the bird , ” Heyers said in a telephone interview .
The German team , which published their findings in the online Public Library of Science journal PLoS ONE , based their research on laboratory studies of the garden warbler , a highly migratory bird .
Warblers from Germany and Russia were held in captivity and their nerve patterns traced and analyzed to establish the direct functional link between cells in the retina and the Cluster N forebrain region .
Garden warblers , which are estimated to number around 10 million worldwide , breed in northern Europe and spend the winter in Africa .
We are seeing a political phenomenon like no other in history .
We are seeing the creation of an army of volunteers who have not been actively recruited .
This is as close to Hayek ’s concept of the spontaneous order as politics has ever provided .
It is Isaiah ’s job in action .
Back in 1937 , Albert Jay Nock wrote an essay titled “ Isaiah ’s Job . ”
It dealt with the strategic error of starting a political movement to save America .
It will not work , Nock said .
The kind of people who you need in order to change America cannot be attracted by active political recruiting .
Such people will seek out those leaders who they approve of .
He called them the Remnant .
We are now seeing what Nock did not foresee : the coming together of a grass roots army .
It is assembling itself .
The Internet ’s technology is making this possible .
The Remnant is forming .
Now what ?
Let ’s assume that Ron Paul does not get the Republican Party ’s nomination .
What will his newly self - assembled army do then ?
If it disbands , that would be a tragedy .
If it is given the digital tools to work with , free of charge , this really could change America .
What if technically savvy volunteers could download a free political data base software from Ron Paul ’s site , or — even better — a non-partisan , 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) site that offers political education , not partisan political mobilization ?
What if they could also download materials on how to use this software in local campaigns ?
What if there were YouTube training videos available to the general public ?
Come one , come all !
Let Dennis Kucinich ’s people download the same material .
Will they ?
I doubt it .
Making these tools available would position Ron Paul as the people ’s politician .
It would position him as making available to the general public the tools needed to get a voice in local politics .
Question : Defenders of which political philosophy will tend to implement such a tool kit ?
National - salvation - through - legislation voters or committed decentralists ?
What if Dr. Paul produced a civics course for home schoolers ?
It would cover the Constitution .
Why , it might even cover the Articles of Confederation !
It would also include a practical civics project : “ How to monitor your local public school board . ” I can see it now , board by board : a blog site or web site run by a local home school student that reports on the local school board or even the town council .
That would be a great template to offer in a civics course .
Maybe a graduating student could turn over his site at the end of the school year to an up - and - coming student .
How about mailing lists , locally owned , for political information , campaign mobilization , or whatever ?
This is the dogcatcher strategy .
“ I would n’t vote for that person , not even for dogcatcher . ”
Fine .
Then you run for dogcatcher .
Or you become the power behind the throne for dogcatching .
What a politically ambitious person would not demean himself to run for , you can run for .
Get experience .
Learn the ropes .
Learn how the system works .
Then move up .
The goal ?
Vote no .
Cut off local funding .
Lower local taxes .
Support your local sheriff .
Create an intermediary local judicial barrier to state and national intervention .
There will come a day when the checks from Washington will stop coming , or — more likely — the money delivered by Washington ’s checks will not buy much .
On that day , Americans will look locally for leadership .
Almost no one with a long - run perspective sees this coming .
No one is preparing politically .
No local politician has sat down with Jacques Barzun ’s From Dawn To Decadence and Martin van Creveld ’s The Rise and Decline of the State and read the final chapter in each , where each scholar discusses the looming failure of the nation - state to provide either protection or welfare .
No one has said , “ What will fill this coming vacuum ? ”
No one has developed a strategy for the transition from Washington to localism .
Such thoughts are not common in today ’s world of Federal power and Federal money .
It takes a specific worldview even to ask such a seemingly utopian question .
Ron Paul has such a worldview .
So do his followers .
We hear about empowerment .
How can his grassroots army become empowered ?
By getting simple tools , basic training , and long - term motivation from a central source .
What is needed is freeware .
What is needed is a lawyer - drafted web site privacy policy statement and terms of use statement that every local site manager can adopt in order to keep the Federal regulators at bay .
What is needed is mailing lists — lots and lots of local mailing lists .
The internet has made possible a low - cost program for local political mobilization .
Someone is eventually going to do this .
Why not Ron Paul ’s troops ?
We are in Round One of a battle .
Data base freeware and training manuals in PDF format and MP3 format and YouTube format are all that is needed for Round Two .
And Three .
And X .
The freeware can be tied to Open Office , which is free public domain software .
As for training materials , they already exist .
Paul Weyrich ’s Free Congress Foundation developed them three decades ago : the Kasten system .
This system of local mobilization got Bob Kasten elected to Congress in 1974 and to the Senate in 1980 .
Just a few simple tools in the hands of a grassroots movement will provide the foundation for change .
To this , add time and patient work .
Add people who will target a county ’s political party and work to gain control over it for ( say ) four decades .
Few people are willing to do this .
What Max Weber described what is required in 1919 , in his essay , “ Politics as a Vocation . ”
Politics is a strong and slow boring of hard boards .
It takes both passion and perspective .
Certainly all historical experience confirms the truth — that man would not have attained the possible unless time and again he had reached out for the impossible .
But to do that a man must be a leader , and not only a leader but a hero as well , in a very sober sense of the word .
And even those who are neither leaders nor heroes must arm themselves with that steadfastness of heart which can brave even the crumbling of all hopes .
This is necessary right now , or else men will not be able to attain even that which is possible today .
Only he has the calling for politics who is sure that he shall not crumble when the world from his point of view is too stupid or too base for what he wants to offer .
Only he who in the face of all this can say ‘ In spite of all ! ’ has the calling for politics .
This sounds like Ron Paul to me .
In the grass roots army that has spontaneously assembled itself around Ron Paul ’s candidacy , there are such people .
They are motivated by one powerful idea : shrink the state .
There is an old rule : “ When you see something wobble , push it . ”
For all its braggadocio , the modern nation - state is wobbling .
It has issued more promises than it can possibly deliver .
As this reality becomes apparent to millions of voters , there will be a search for local alternatives .
There will be local power - seekers who will offer one set of alternatives .
That is when we will need power - shrinkers in positions of local influence .
Remember :
We ca n’t beat something with nothing .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2007 LewRockwell.com
Astronomers are now understanding the connection between supermassive black holes and the galaxies they inhabit better and better .
In fact , it now looks like the powerful winds that blow out of these monsters can have a significant effect on the galaxies they inhabit , helping determine their growth .
In a recent study , published in the journal Nature , a group of scientists from the Rochester Institute of Technology report on their study of the rotating winds the rise up above the accretion disks surrounding supermassive black holes in distant galaxies .
With millions of times the mass of the Sun , supermassive black holes pull strongly at the material in their host galaxy .
Just like water going down a drain , this material backs up into a swirling accretion disk .
The material heats up , and blazes with radiation visible clear across the Universe – this is a quasar .
Astronomers from RIT and the University of Hertfordshire in England studied one quasar , PG 1700+518 , located about 3 billion light - years from Earth .
They were able to detect winds of gas coming off the accretion disk for the first time , both moving vertically away from the disk , but also rotating at the same speed .
This helps solve the long - standing mystery of how the accretion disk rids itself of angular momentum .
It turns out , this wind needs to happen .
If gas was n’t being removed this way , material would stop falling in , and the quasar would turn off as the supermassive black hole was starved for fuel .
This wind both helps manage the growth of the black hole , but it also regulates the evolution of the galaxy .
As the wind moves out into more distant regions of the galaxy , it helps collapse pockets of cold hydrogen , leading to regions of star formation .
Original Source : RIT News Release
By Dominic Laurie
Europe business reporter , BBC News , Brussels
Although Al Gore recently won the Nobel Peace Prize , one of his big messages - that we should drive less - is not getting through .
Ever more cars being made and sold , so overall emissions are rising
At the moment , car ownership around the world is growing by a massive 5 % each year .
So it follows that if car makers do not make their engines more efficient , then carbon emissions will grow at a similar rate .
All this at a time when all countries are being urged not only to halt their rising CO2 emissions , but even to make efforts to reduce them .
The European Union ( EU ) has taken note , and its institutions are in attack mode on car companies and the CO2 emissions that fall under their umbrella .
Earlier this year , the European Commission said it wanted the average new car made in the EU to emit no more than 130g of CO2 per kilometre by 2012 .
The latest figures for 2004 show the average is still as high as 162g / km .
Shared responsibility
The EU 's final proposals will be published next month .
Meanwhile , Europe 's car industry says it is not opposed to having targets in general , though it says the 2012 deadline will arrive too soon for the new rules to be applied to all models .
The car industry says concrete laws , rather than the voluntary agreements that have existed up till now , are required to create clarity and help them to plan for the future .
It also points out that engines are getting more and more efficient ever year .
But the industry also says it should not be totally up to them to achieve the reductions .
A bit of the burden should fall on tyre technology , some on new taxation policies , some on developing alternative fuels .
and on reducing congestion .
And a bit should fall on the driver too .
How to drive
Car makers say we all need to learn how to drive in a more fuel efficient way .
Amongst the initiatives they support , one is called Eco Driving ; courses where you learn how to use less fuel simply by driving a bit differently .
I went on one that was run by the firm Drivolution in Paal , a town about 50 kilometres north east of Brussels .
Before I hopped in the car , my instructor Eric Michiels said he could show me how to reduce my fuel consumption by some 8 % - for good .
This is what he said I should be doing :
drive in fourth gear when your instinct says you should be in third
brake earlier
accelerate more slowly
do not ride the clutch
never rev above 2000 on the dial
After the lesson , a print out from a computer hooked up to the car bore this out .
During the lesson I had been driving economically , more so than usual .
Institutions and businesses in Belgium that incur significant costs from driving are buying into the message .
For example , Eric recently taught school bus and municipal truck drivers from the city of Ghent how to conserve fuel .
Speedy consumption
Another factor in conserving fuel is not just how you drive , but how fast you go .
Those who drive at 130 kilometres per hour ( kph ) use a lot more fuel than those who reduce their speed to 110 k ph ; disproportionately more than the 20 kph difference .
Speed limits could make fast cars less popular
That is because above a certain speed , the wind resistance builds up and you need a lot more fuel to push your vehicle through it .
It was this realisation that prompted the Swedes in the 1990's to lower limits on some motorways - though after a few years they reversed the decision when it became unpopular and hard to enforce .
Rapid change ?
But if driving more slowly does reduce fuel consumption , are proposals to lower speed limits actually being considered anywhere in the EU ?
nowhere is this debate more topical than in Germany .
Just last month , the SPD , which governs in coalition with Angela Merkel 's conservatives , voted in favour of a 130 kph speed limit .
Remember that some of the country 's Autobahns or motorways famously have no speed restriction at all .
The ability to drive as fast as you like is close to the heart of many , though not all , Germans .
The term " Freie Fahrt fur freie Burger " - roughly translated as " Free travel for free citizens " - was coined by its car industry during the Cold War .
And it is an industry that has the ear of Chancellor Merkel ; not surprising when you consider that one in seven jobs are in one way or another linked to the country 's car industry .
In the past , German manufacturers have relied heavily on sales of big and powerful cars .
If speed limits were introduced , or lowered , these cars could become less attractive to consumers , both at home and abroad .
Mrs Merkel responded to the SPD plans by telling German TV that " this is not going to happen with me .
Traffic jams are at least as harmful to the climate as speeding " .
And what about Sweden ?
This year , a decade after their bold attempt to use speed restrictions to cut emissions , the parliament has voted for those same limits to go in the opposite direction and be raised by 10 kph across the board .
As better car technology makes it easier to drive fast , it is hard to persuade us drivers not to put the pedal to the metal .
Even if our conscience tells us otherwise .
Russia , India to build new joint hypersonic missile in 5 - 7 yrs
RIA Novosti
24/09/2007 14:57 ( Recasts para 2 , adds background in paras 3 - 8 )
NEW DELHI , September 24 ( RIA Novosti ) - The Russian - Indian joint venture BrahMos will complete work on a new hypersonic missile in five to seven years ' time , an Indian defense official said Monday .
The official said the missile , five times faster than the speed of sound , will be practically impossible to intercept , adding that countries were set to discuss the details of the project shortly .
In 1998 , Russia and India established a joint venture , BrahMos Aerospace , to design , develop , produce and market a supersonic cruise missile .
Sea - based and land - based versions of the missile have been successfully tested and put into service with the Indian Army and Navy .
The Brahmos missile , named after India 's Brahmaputra River and Russia 's Moskva River , has a range of 180 miles and can carry a conventional warhead of up to 660 pounds .
It can hit ground targets flying at an altitude as low as 10 meters ( 30 feet ) and at a speed of Mach 2.8 , which is about three times faster than the U.S. - made subsonic Tomahawk cruise missile .
Work is currently underway to create aircraft and submarine - based BrahMos missiles .
The airborne version could be installed on the Sukhoi - 30MKI air superiority fighters of the Indian Air Force .
Experts estimate that India might purchase up to 1,000 BrahMos missiles for its Armed Forces in the next decade , and export 2,000 to third countries during the same period .
In 2000 , Russia and India signed a 10 - year program on military - technical cooperation , which currently lists about 130 R&D and production projects .
The Weirdest Frog In The World .
Who would have though that a frog could run on a treadmill ? 🙂
DIGG THIS
A strange culture of emergency has taken over this country , and the slightest provocation triggers it .
It could be an expected terrorist or just an old - fashioned weather warning .
The officials are quick to swing into action , and tell you what to do .
The problem is that these demands are often based on nothing other than government plans that are not in your best interest .
It behooves all of us to think carefully about genuine preparedness , which might often involve bucking the system and telling the emergency nazis to mind their own business .
A case in point is the disastrous weather emergency that befell Enterprise , Alabama , last week .
The first warnings about a tornado came at 10:30 am , and that ’s when the disastrous “ preparations ” began .
The school could have permitted the students to leave .
After all , we are talking about a high school here , and most students could drive .
Those who could n’t might have gotten a ride .
Parents would have been glad to pick up their kids , and many tried but were turned away .
At least some choice in the matter should have been allowed .
But , if you know anything about disaster plans , you know that choice and human rights are the last things on the decision - makers ’ minds .
They treat people like cattle to be herded , bark orders , and threaten everyone in the most awful way for having the most normal impulses to seek a safe way out .
So instead of just letting the kids go , the officials herded them all in hallways , where it was said that they would be “ safe . ”
There they sat in crowded conditions for hours and hours , just waiting for the moment of death to come .
It finally did : at 1:30 pm .
The twister slammed into the building , the walls caved in , and eight kids were killed , with many more injured .
Parents who had come to pick up their kids at the earliest possible moment ( the school announced that this was 1:00 pm ) sat helplessly by .
They were n’t allowed in before , and when they showed up , the police demanded that they come inside and still would n’t let the kids go .
And did the officials in charge express regret about their stupid decision to force everyone to stay ?
On the contrary , they claim that if they had let the kids go , there might have been hundreds of deaths .
First , we do n’t know that for sure .
The main spot of death was the school , and it was precisely because so many were crowded into just a small area .
A point of common sense — very much lacking in emergency management — is that wherever you are hiding , you need room to move so that you can dodge falling concrete .
They were given no such room .
Second , there is a big difference between dying at the hands of the plan and dying because of your own bad choices .
It is a matter of who bears the responsibility .
When you die because of the decisions of the officials , your blood is on their hands .
And this brings us to the second response of the officials , and this applies to the school , the local police , and all the way up to the governor .
Instead of expressing regret , they congratulated each other for adhering so closely to the plan , and for following through with the emergency preparedness .
Yes , they are sorry people died , but for the emergency bureaucrat , the far more important consideration is that everyone obeyed orders and that the orders were clear and decisive .
Yes , some parents have spoken out against the decision of the school to keep the kids corralled in a trap of death .
But their complaints have been shot down by the “ responsible ” voices of the officials in charge .
Meanwhile , news has slowly leaked out that other schools in Alabama have a different policy : they shut down the school and tell the kids to get the heck out .
This is an unusual approach .
The whole culture of emergency in this country seems to be predicated on the notion that people do not know what is best for them .
They need authorities to tell them what to do .
And whatever they do , they must do it in concert .
Masses of people must be shuffled this way and that , and no one should be permitted to have any choice in the matter .
Why do we assume that the officials in charge know what is better for us than we do ?
It is a leap of faith .
After all , everyone has access to the weather channel .
Everyone can watch the radar .
We do n’t need nazis - on - the - spot to suddenly pop up and manage our choices on whether to evacuate or stay , to hunker down where we are or find some other spot .
The best approach to an emergency is simply to let people make their own judgments about how to stay safe .
Instead , we have developed a system whereby a central plan goes into effect that applies to everyone .
This is why evacuations tend to be mandatory these days , and why you are not allowed to rescue your own children from danger .
This brings us to the final presupposition of emergency management in this country : officials assume that you are their property .
You have no rights , no freedom of choice , and no volition of your own that should be respected .
Your one job is to obey them , and at least if you are killed , they can have bragging rights that they got everyone to go along .
At some point in the coming years , you will probably face this problem .
There will be some emergency in which you will be told to put your life or that of your children in the hands of experts , who pretend as if they know what is best for you .
Chances are that they do n’t , and this emergency will be the time when you need to think seriously about fundamental values .
Is obedience to authority more important than life itself ?
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
TAP TO CALL US NOW ( 727 ) 205-0506
' Howl ' too hot to hear 50 years after poem ruled not obscene , radio fears to air it
Content Date : 1/1/1960 Beat poet Allen Ginsberg ( pre - beard ) taking drag on cigarette .
( Photo by Mario Jorrin / Pix Inc. / Time Life Pictures / Getty Images ) Ran on : 10-03-2007 Lawrence Ferlinghetti first published & quo; Howl . ''
He says he sees the present situation &quo ; as a repeat in spades of what happened in the 1950s . ''
Ran on : 10-03-2007 Lawrence Ferlinghetti first published & quo; Howl . ''
He sees FCC pres- sure on broadcasters as &quo ; a repeat in spades of what happened in the 1950s .'' less Content Date : 1/1/1960 Beat poet Allen Ginsberg ( pre - beard ) taking drag on cigarette .
( Photo by Mario Jorrin / Pix Inc. / Time Life Pictures / Getty Images ) Ran on : 10-03-2007 Lawrence Ferlinghetti first ... more Photo : Mario Jorrin , Time & Life Pictures / Getty Image Photo : Mario Jorrin , Time & Life Pictures / Getty Image Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close ' Howl ' too hot to hear 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Fifty years ago today , a San Francisco Municipal Court judge ruled that Allen Ginsberg 's Beat - era poem " Howl " was not obscene .
Yet today , a New York public broadcasting station decided not to air the poem , fearing that the Federal Communications Commission will find it indecent and crush the network with crippling fines .
Free -speech advocates see tremendous irony in how Ginsberg 's epic poem - which lambastes the consumerism and conformism of the 1950s and heralds a budding American counterculture - is , half a century later , chilled by a federal government crackdown on the broadcasting of provocative language .
In the new media landscape , the " Howl " controversy illustrates how indecency standards differ on the Internet and on the public airwaves .
Instead of broadcasting the poem on the air today , New York listener - supported radio station WBAI will include a reading of the poem in a special online - only program called " Howl Against Censorship . "
It will be posted on www.pacifica.org, the Internet home of the Berkeley - based Pacifica Foundation , because online sites do not fall under the FCC 's purview .
" Why , 50 years later after a judge ruled that children could read this poem , people are afraid the courts will say that their ears should n't hear it , " said Bill Collins , a constitutional law instructor and First Amendment advocate who is leading a small group of authors , broadcasters and free - speech advocates pushing to broadcast the poem eventually .
" Yet they can go on the Internet and see far , far worse things . "
Another irony : WBAI , the Pacifica Foundation station in New York that plans to post " Howl " online , is the same station that took on the FCC more than 30 years ago over the right to air George Carlin 's comedy routine featuring the " seven dirty words . "
The challenge led to a 1978 Supreme Court decision governing what naughty words can be broadcast and when .
Pacifica 's attorney for FCC issues , John Crigler , thinks airing " Howl " would be " a great test case " in the current environment .
But he understands why WBAI wo n't broadcast " Howl , " even between the hours of 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. , the hours the FCC has cordoned off for rougher language .
WBAI program director Bernard White fears that the FCC will fine the station $ 325,000 for every one of Ginsberg 's dirty - word bombs .
If each Pacifica station that aired the poem - and possibly repeated it - were to be fined for airing " Howl , " it could mean millions of dollars in fines .
The potential impact of such penalties is daunting to a commercial - free station with a $ 4 million annual budget whose financial state
White described as " in the black , but we 're surrounded by a lot of red ink .
A fine like that might crush us . "
Interim Pacifica Foundation executive director Dan Siegel said , " And I think they 're being optimistic with that financial assessment . "
Siegel said each Pacifica station is free to air the program if it wishes , but he did n't know if any planned to .
But with a budget of $ 18 million for all of its five stations , Siegel said , " it might make more sense for CBS or someone like them to take on a risk like this . "
So the poem that begins " I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness " finds itself an odd bedfellow in the battle against the FCC with entertainers like Nicole Richie and Cher , both of whom were deemed to cross the FCC 's dirty - words line that free - speech advocates say is constantly shifting .
Last month , several public broadcasting outlets - including San Francisco 's KQED - broadcast " clean " versions of Ken Burns ' World War II documentary " The War " because they feared the FCC would punish them for airing four four - letter words that turn up over the course of the visually graphic 14 - hour documentary about the brutality of war .
At last month 's Emmy Awards broadcast , the Fox network censored three instances in which performers said words that the network felt could land it an FCC fine .
One involved comedian Ray Romano using the word " screwing . "
In another instance , a performer mouthed , but did n't say , a four - letter word .
The third was actress Sally Field using the word " goddamn " to describe her opposition to the war in Iraq .
Free -speech advocates and broadcasters say uncertainty about appropriateness is rooted in two recent cases that are wending their way through the court system .
Last month , attorneys for CBS asked a federal appeals court to overturn a $ 550,000 fine the FCC imposed for airing singer Janet Jackson 's exposed breast during her infamous " wardrobe malfunction " in the 2004 Super Bowl halftime show .
The FCC said that even though the exposure lasted only 9/16th of a second , CBS failed to exercise proper control of its " employees " - Jackson and halftime show co-star Justin Timberlake .
In June , the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York ruled that the FCC acted " arbitrarily and capriciously " when it planned to penalize Fox for " fleeting expletives " uttered by Cher and Richie at the Billboard Music awards shows in 2002 and 2003 respectively .
The network 's attorneys said the FCC had n't punished such " fleeting expletives " since the 1978 Pacifica case involving WBAI and Carlin 's seven dirty words .
But while Pacifica 's Crigler said " Howl " would be a good test case for this new landscape , University of Virginia law professor and former FCC Commissioner Glen O. Robinson said " it is best to let the other cases go through the system first . "
" Maybe the commission would look differently on it if we were talking about Shakespeare , but Ginsberg is n't Shakespeare , " he said .
But in an era in which a bottomless well of profanity and pornography is available online , why should it matter that " Howl " can't be broadcast on the radio ?
Finding " Howl " is a quick online search away for anyone old enough to access a computer .
" But you still have to have a computer , " said Janet Coleman , arts director at WBAI , who is airing a program Wednesday about " Howl " with San Francisco 's iconic poet and City Lights Books owner Lawrence Ferlinghetti and others .
Like other station employees , she feels frustrated by the current atmosphere .
" This is about the public airwaves .
If we can't control what goes on them , then how much freedom do we really have ? " she said .
The power of Ginsberg 's poem is n't lost on Ferlinghetti , who faced jail time and a fine 50 years ago for publishing " Howl . "
In August , Ferlinghetti joined Collins ' group of free - speech advocates , writers and attorneys in asking WBAI to air the poem .
In an interview to be broadcast today on WBAI to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the poem 's legal victory , Ferlinghetti was asked what Ginsberg , who died in 1997 , would have said about the broadcast controversy .
" Ah , well , I 'm sure he'd have plenty to say about it .
I often lament that he is n't around to say it , " Ferlinghetti told WBAI .
" As Allen Ginsberg 's original publisher and editor , for most of his life , I look at the present situation as a repeat in spades of what happened in the 1950s , which was also a repressive period , " he said .
" The current FCC policy was n't conceived just for poetry , but when applied to the case of Allen Ginsberg 's poem ' Howl , ' it amounts to government censorship of an important critique of modern civilization , especially of America and its consumerist society , whose breath is money , still .
" It 's such a hypocritical concept of American culture in which children are regularly exposed to adult programming in the mass media , with subjects ranging from sexual to criminal to state - sponsored terrorism , while at the same time they are not allowed to hear poetry far less explicit , " Ferlinghetti said .
" I suggest the FCC ban all television newscasts until after 10 p.m. , when children wo n't be listening . "
' Howl ' online Hear a recording of Allen Ginsberg reciting his poem " Howl " in January 1959 in Chicago on " Howl Against Censorship " in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the San Francisco court decision finding the poem was not obscene .
The program will be posted at 9 a.m. today at www.pacifica.org.
Please wait while we retrieve the data .
Please wait while we retrieve the data .
Candidate status : Announced
Filed a statement of candidacy with the FEC on March 12 , 2007
States won : None
Full Results for Ron Paul »
Full Delegate Scorecard »
Current job : U.S. representative from Texas
Birth date : August 20 , 1935 ; Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania
Family : Married Carol Paul ; five children
Religion : Protestant
Education : Gettysburg College , B.A. , 1957 ; Duke University , M.D. , 1961
Campaign Web site : www.ronpaul2008.com
AnnouncedFiled a statement of candidacy with the FEC on March 12 , 2007NoneU.S. representative from TexasAugust 20 , 1935 ; Pittsburgh , PennsylvaniaMarried Carol Paul ; five childrenProtestantGettysburg College , B.A. , 1957 ; Duke University , M.D. , 1961 1963 - 1968 : Flight surgeon with the U.S. Air Force , 1963 - 68 .
1968 -1996 : Practicing physician of obstetrics and gynecology .
1976 : Elected to fill a vacant U.S. House of Representatives seat from Texas , but defeated for re-election after less than one term .
1979 - 1985 : Returned to U.S. House of Representatives for three terms .
1984 : Ran for the U.S. Senate but lost the Republican primary to Phil Gramm .
1988 : Ran as the Libertarian Party 's candidate for president .
1996 : Ran again for a House seat and was elected as a Republican to a fourth full term .
2006 : Re-elected to ninth full term in the 14th Congressional District .
Paul sponsored 68 bills and eight amendments in 2003 and 2004 but none passed , according to the Almanac of American Politics .
Paul has long been known as " Dr. No " because he votes against most legislation that involves federal spending , expanding government or reducing privacy protections .
He voted against giving medals to Rosa Parks and Pope Paul II because he objected to the use of taxpayer dollars to make them .
I was just doing some coding , and I realized a common pattern in functional programming that could be horribly efficient .
Consider the simple task of substituting a variable for a value in an expression tree :
data Expr a b = Immediate a | Var b | Add ( Expr a b ) ( Expr a b )
subst _ e@( Immediate _ ) = e
subst ( v , e ) e2@( Var w )
| v == w = e
| otherwise = e2
subst ve ( Add e1 e2 ) = Add ( subst ve e1 ) ( subst ve e2 )
The interesting thing here is the last line .
Take a very long look at the last line of code and see what it ’s doing .
It ’s creating a new expression out of two new subexpressions .
What if those two subexpressions did n’t change at all ?
It does n’t matter : it ’s still going to throw the old expression on the garbage pile to be collected , and then create the exact same object .
You ’ll note that in the first two cases , I provided the compiler with some micro-optimizations : I made an alias ( e in the first case ; e2 in the second case ) , so that it could be hinted to return the original object in the case of idempotence .
Doing this sort of transformation is extremely common in functional languages .
What I ’ve written there is a fold in the general sense of the term .
Most functional programmers know folds in the context of lists where , for no sensible reason , we ’re supposed to make a distinction between a “ left ” and “ right ” fold .
Without getting too far into the theory of lambda calculus , data is just constructors .
If we define a list as being a nil or a cons , then the list [ ] is just λnc.n , and the list [ x , [ y , z ] ] is just the function λnc.cx ( c( cy ( czn ) ) n ) .
Manipulating data then is the process of replacing that data ’s constructor with a new one — i.e. , a fold .
For example , length in the lambda calculus could be defined as λx.x0 ( +1 ) .
Look familiar ?
It ’s exactly how one might write length in a real language !
The idea can be generalized of course .
Any data type with constructors — that is to say , any data type — has an implicit fold .
Folds provide a nice foundation for thinking about things .
Anything which is computable is computable with folds .
A fold terminates if each constructor terminates .
Here ’s subst written as a fold in the lambda calculus : λve.λx.λira.xi( λy.( =yv ) e ( ry ) ) a ) .
It ’s somewhat depressing that this is actually more concise in the lambda calculus than in Haskell , but nonetheless it demonstrates the relation between a Haskell function and a fold .
As a side note , this also demonstrates the superfluity of general recursion : just about anything useful can be written in the lambda calculus without recursion or a fixed point — yay for guaranteed termination !
Languages like Haskell unfortunately do not offer us implicit folds .
We have to spell them out ourselves , like with subst above .
If we ’re very clever and thoughtful , we can write a monad to provide a fold infrastructure ( yes , monads are for more than just I /O ! ) , but most people do n’t .
The point is that whether we recognize it or not , most of the programs we write in functional languages are nothing more than thinly veiled folds .
Anyway , thinking about functional programming in general , you build tiny little higher - order buliding blocks , and glue them together .
Most of the time , these building blocks are not actually doing anything .
Think back to subst : how much is that expression tree really going to change after its transformation ?
The vast majority of the expression tree will stay exactly the same .
The rest of the tree is happily generating garbage , and new objects that were the same as the old objects .
Somehow it would be nice to have the compiler pick up idempotence and not generate new objects .
If I wanted to give explicit hints to the compiler , I might do this :
subst ve e@( Add e1 e2 )
| e1 ' == e1 && e2 ' == e2 = e
| otherwise = Add e1 ' e2 '
where ( e1 ' , e2 ' ) = ( reduce e1 , reduce e2 )
This is the intended semantics behind the optimization , but of course it has two problems : it does a — deep and probably slow — equality operation ; and it ’s explicitly annotated .
There are two possibilities I see :
if our domain and codomain are the same , hint the garbage collector not to reuse objects .
Then we can do surface comparisons — just compare the pointers — when doing a == operation .
We have to make == “ special ” to do this probably — currently Haskell treats == the same as any other ( overloaded ) function .
give an explicit return of “ nothing changed ” from recursive calls .
Both seem doable .
The reason I brought up folds is that the idea can be extended .
Right now I ’m only talking about idempotence , but for any fold , if we have a guarantee that the domain object is unique — i.e. , it ’s not being aliased by any other reference — then we can get huge hints on where to start clobbering memory .
Right now uniqueness is concerned mostly with destructive updates — think updating a memory in place — but I do n’t see why the idea could n’t be extended to more general clobbering .
We can go even further with the idea of uniqueness .
Considering subst again , think about what happens if one of our branches changes , or even both of them !
If we ’re unique , we can be clever and do the updates in place , right ?
We can do even better than that , though .
If we ’re allowed to do the updates in place , then we can actually tell our calling function , one level up in the recursion stack , that we were idempotent !
This means everyone up the stack can treat us as no-ops .
Very cool .
This post is the first in a series that discusses Orbital Theory , a way of understanding Web 2.0 web sites as a business model and with that knowledge how to monetize them to maximize financial success .
If you ’re following the attempted sale of sites like Digg and Facebook , you ’ll no doubt recognize the usefulness of a better way of evaluating a site ’s worth than it ’s Alexa rank or it ’s net revenue times a negotiated number .
That ’s exactly what Orbital Theory attempts to prove .
INTRODUCTION : HOW THE THEORY CAME ABOUT
In May 2006 , I was seriously approached by a start up company about acquiring Worth1000 , an artistic contest web site I started .
Even though Worth1000 was built in 2001 , before the term “ web 2.0 ” had yet to be popularized by Tim O’Reilly , it would definitely be considered a Web 2.0 website by his current standards .
( Tim defined Web 2.0 as “ a system that becomes more valuable any time more data is added to it ” at a recent Collabnet conference I attended ) .
It was the first time a large company had made a serious attempt to purchase Worth1000 , and though I was leery at the thought of selling it , I was curious what their offer would be .
After a few phone calls , meeting their team in person and checking out their headquarters , they called me up a few days later with their offer :
We ’d like to offer 3 times your annual net revenue in the form of some cash upfront and the rest as stock .
Of course , I politely declined the offer and hung up the phone more than a little puzzled .
Their site was a popular social meeting place and blog along the veins of MySpace , Facebook and Xanga .
In other words , they were not currently profitable .
Why then would they rely on a website ’s net revenue then as a way of evaluating its worth ?
They would cleary know that would n’t be very tempting an offer for me and wierdest of all , it was ignoring something that anyone who runs a web2.0 site realizes immediately :
Your content - creating userbase is worth a heck of a lot more than your annual revenues might be .
I did n’t put much thought into it , but then in September I received yet another inquiry , this time from an associate from a venture capitol firm scouting for investments .
Some of the highlights of the questions he asked me when we discussing evaluation worth1000 ’s value essentially went like this :
“ So how many unique visitors did you get per month ? ”
“ How many registered members does your site have ? ”
“ What ’s your monthly gross revenue ? ”
“ What ’s your monthly net revenue ? ”
I tried to explain how those were somewhat useful , but ultimately innacurate ways of gauging a Web 2.0 site ’s actual worth , but did n’t have a really clear way of explaining it in a way that anyone but a webmaster could understand and we did n’t followup after the call .
Members who actually generate content and therefore attract more traffic into a site ’s orbit are much , much more valuable than registered members or visitors who do n’t .
Or simply put :
Not all users are created equal .
I thought about how to explain this relationship to non-webmasters using a clear analogy off and on over the next couple of months , but never had a reason to put my thoughts into writing .
Until this past Wednesday afternoon .
Sitting in my inbox was a rather innocuos looking email with the subject “ Possible investment in Worth1000.com ” .
It looked and read like a scam .
Here it is in it ’s totality , sans contact info :
“ I manage venture investments for a well - known individual and he is interested in investing in Worth 1000 .
Is this something we can discuss in more depth ? “
I visited the domain part of the sender ’s email address and got a “ Page Cannot Be Found Error ” and my Nigerian scammer alert went off .
Before deleting the e-mail , curiousity got the best of me and I googled the domain instead .
And whoa :
The top result was a Wall Street Journal article discussing a very well - known entrepreneur who apparently uses this company name as a front for his personal investments .
I called up the number listed in the e-mail and got a cheery response .
“ Hi Avi , thanks so much for calling me back .
I represent _______________ and he would like to invest in Worth1000 . ”
I was floored .
We chatted briefly about the site and my ( and his ) intentions for it .
We agreed to talk more in depth this coming Thursday .
Part of what we are to talk about is how to evaluate Worth1000 properly .
I finally had that impetus I needed to write this article .
And here I am .
ORBITAL THEORY EXPLAINED
Orbital theory is more of an analogy than a theory .
It compares websites and their visitors to planetary bodies in 3 - D outer space instead of the flat ( linear ) Alexa approach to measuring traffic by headcount of all visitors .
There are 5 tenets of Orbital theory :
Every user of a website has a unique mass , measurable by their gravity ( how many other users they attract towards themselves ) .
The larger a user ’s mass , the stronger their personal gravity .
Users with larger mass pull users with smaller mass into their orbit .
Once in a site ’s orbit , a user is now a measurable part of the website .
His mass is a measurable part of a self - contained system .
The more often a user returns to a site ( the more loyal they are ) , the tighter and faster their orbit is .
What is important to note is that a visitor who visits a site once and never returns ( or otherwise recommends others to the site ) is not in orbit and therefore offers none of his mass to the site ’s system for the purposes of evaluating it ’s worth .
This shifts the most important statistic from “ unique visitors per month ” to “ repeat participating vistors per month ” .
A visitor who checks a site repeatedly throughout the day is more valuable than one who visits less frequently .
They have a smaller / quicker orbit .
So where does the value come into play ?
In a nutshell , grouping visitors by the total sum of the mass and speed of their orbiting bodies is a better way of evaluating their worth than grouping them by a flat head count of all visitors .
Here ’s an example of a part of this theory in action :
If you have regularly have just 2 visitors to your blog , and User A leaves a thought provoking comment on your post and User B only comes to read , User A has a greater mass than User B .
If you decide to sell your blog , the total number of visitors ( 2 ) is an innacurate method of determining a site ’s value , since it implies that both users are equal .
A better way would be to take the sum of both visitor ’s mass .
Let ’s assume that a visitor who does nothing except visit a page is worth + 1 gravity as a starting point .
So in our example User B is worth only + 1 .
Anyone who attracts other users towards the site has the starting point of +1 gravity and also has an additional gravity by virtue of the attractiveness of their comment to other new users .
If Google indexes the comment and 4 visitors find the blog post a result in the future ( even if they never return ) , his gravity is +5 stronger ( at the point he makes the post ) .
If because of his post , he returns to a site repeatedly to see what other comments are posted , ( and now speeds up his normal visiting habits to 5 times a day ) , his value to the site is even greater .
He can now interact and has a stronger potential to attract even more new members by virtual of his more constant presence .
We ’ll get a user ’s value by multiplying their total gravity times their average daily orbital rate .
So in our example : User A ( +5 mass * 5 orbits ) ‘s value is 25 .
That means he is worth 25 non -orbital 1 - time visitors , by virtue of his one comment and repeat visits to the site .
Gravity can be a negative number as well .
If a visitor posts spam to a site , or a popular member is discovered gaming a site like Digg , regular readers of the site may quit returning to it .
That user would have negative gravity in that he repels other users from the system .
Similarly , if your site gets too much traffic ( i.e. Slashdot links to your site ) , and your site is flooded by people trying to read the article and crashes , those visitors who are contributing to the crash carry a negative gravity in that they are possibly souring established visitors who may leave the site ’s orbit .
Negative gravity is not particularly important for evaluating your site ’s worth , but we ’ll get back to it in a later post that focuses on enhancing the user experience and optimizing your site performance wise to deal with exponential mass growth .
For now , I hope the general outline of how this theory approaches evaluating users is of interest to those of you interested in Web2.0 .
Up next : Looking at the theory more in depth , some examples of evaluating real sites ( i.e. Digg , Facebook , and Worth1000 ) and putting orbital theory into action to show how harnessing it correctly could enhance a site ’s traffic and value .
I invite everyone to offer their own take on constructing this theory .
Does it make sense ?
Do you have a better approach to it ?
I think as a group of minds coming together we can come up with something cool and useful .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
He made over a billion dollars for David Geffen , racked up better returns than Warren Buffett ,
and talked four kidnappers into letting him go .
Eddie Lampert is ...
THE BEST INVESTOR OF HIS GENERATION .
So what is he doing with Sears ?
( FORTUNE Magazine ) - The mood was tense at the Bel Age Hotel in West Hollywood , Calif . , early last year .
The top two dozen executives of Sears Roebuck & Co. were gathering for a strategy session with Eddie Lampert , then 42 , the billionaire hedge fund manager who had just engineered an unlikely takeover of their venerable but struggling company .
The fact that the vehicle of his acquisition was discounter Kmart -- which Lampert had come out of nowhere to snatch control of during bankruptcy - - was only one source of unease .
Once their presentations started , Lampert also began poking holes in virtually every idea .
" What 's the benefit of that ? " he asked again and again .
" What 's the value ? "
He shot down a modest $ 2 million proposal to improve lighting in the stores .
" Why invest in that ? "
He skewered a plan to sell DVDs at a discounted price to better compete with Target and Wal - Mart .
" It does n't matter what Target and Wal - Mart do , " he declared .
Eyes began rolling .
Sure , Lampert was an alluring character :
He 'd built himself into one of the richest men in America , survived a bizarre and terrifying kidnapping , and somehow supercharged Kmart 's moribund stock into a highflier .
But when the Sears team asked him to share his vision for their company , he brushed the question aside .
The impression , says one attendee , was that " Eddie was going to pull cash out of Sears to invest in the next addition to his hedge fund . "
Lampert says that view comes with the territory : " The pushback I get is , ' He 's a hedge fund guy . '
Full stop .
Some places , that can be a badge of honor .
In others , it 's almost a term of derision . "
A year after the Bel Age meeting many of those Sears executives -- including the CEO , the CFO , and the chief buyer -- are out of the picture .
Sears stock is up 30 % , and Lampert is fully in charge .
While his official title is chairman , he 's operating much like a CEO , calling the shots on strategy , marketing , merchandising , and more .
" I 'm not from a retail background , but I am a shopper , " says Lampert , whose contained , sometimes shy manner is the last thing you 'd expect from a big swingin ' hedge fund guy .
" I come to this with practical , logical ideas . "
Eddie Lampert is the Steve Jobs of the investing world :
He thinks differently , and acts differently , with extraordinary results .
" He 's the greatest investor of his generation , " says fellow billionaire ( and onetime mentor ) Richard Rainwater , and Lampert has the numbers to prove it .
His hedge fund , ESL Investments , has delivered average annual returns of nearly 30 % , after fees , since its 1988 launch , according to several of its investors , who include Dell founder Michael Dell , media mogul David Geffen , and the Tisch family .
Geffen , who gave Lampert $ 200 million to invest in 1992 ( when Lampert was just 29 ) , says that had he not periodically taken money out for diversification , he would have $ 9 billion today .
As it is , says Geffen , " I 've made more money from Eddie than from all the businesses I 've created and sold . "
Lampert is wealthier than Warren Buffett was at his age .
And his $ 15 billion fund has outperformed Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway during its 18 - year span ( though of course the bigger Berkshire is a heavier load to move ) .
Unlike other hedge funds , ESL does n't typically short stocks , or trade derivatives , or dabble in currencies , or use aggressive leverage .
Lampert buys cheap stocks and holds them for long periods ( see " How Lampert Picks His Stocks , " page 100 ) .
He made his first big money in the '90s with IBM and financial stocks like Wells Fargo , and became a billionaire by buying AutoNation and AutoZone , which have tripled and quadrupled in value , respectively , since he invested in them .
But the capper so far has been his coup with Kmart .
In 2004 alone , the stock soared 300 % , ESL 's stake grew from $ 1.3 billion to $ 5.4 billion , and as a reward that year he raked in a reported $ 1 billion in fee income .
Now the question is this :
Is Lampert 's Sears acquisition another inspired work of genius , a stepping stone to Berkshire Hathaway -- like wealth creation for public investors ?
Or has he finally gone a step too far ?
In a series of revealing interviews -- the first in - depth discussions he's had with any outsiders , including Wall Street analysts , since the Sears deal -- Lampert acknowledges that he has nearly all of his own money in his hedge fund .
That means his personal fortune is also riding on the fate of Sears Holdings , as the combined Sears - Kmart is now called .
After rocketing to $ 163 last summer , shares of Sears Holdings have dropped to a recent $ 121 .
With same - store sales at Sears down 12 % this Christmas season , the sniping among retailing purists -- for a time overshadowed by Wall Street 's cheers -- is getting louder .
" These financial guys , including Eddie Lampert , have no idea who the customer is , " says Britt Beemer , chairman of America 's Research Group , a retail industry consultancy .
Former Sears CEO
Arthur Martinez calls the plunge in holiday sales at Sears " very troubling " and wonders how long Lampert can sustain such a poor showing .
If Lampert is blinking , he sure does n't show it .
His hedge fund owns 40 % of Sears Holdings , a stake worth almost $ 8 billion and by far its largest position .
( He takes no salary for his role as Sears chairman . )
From ESL 's tiny offices in an unremarkable four - story building in Greenwich , Conn. , Lampert manages the $ 54 billion , 330,000 - person retail giant by phone , e-mail , and videoconference .
He regularly holds court in his spartan conference room , diagramming on a big whiteboard for Sears executives who tune in remotely .
The key points on his agenda :
Be willing to sacrifice sales for profitability .
Ignore Wall Street expectations .
Question everything .
Lampert , who is a white - knuckle flier , has been to Sears ' headquarters near Chicago just six times .
But chief information officer Karen Austin says Lampert is the company 's No. 1 user of a computer - based tool to analyze sales , margins , and inventories by store , by region , and by merchandise group .
A geek at heart , he spends hours at his Connecticut office drilling down into the data , zeroing in on whatever is n't making money .
His critics argue that judging a single item 's profitability in isolation is unsophisticated -- that a retailer 's menu of offerings is what 's important , even if an individual item lags .
Lampert disputes that .
While Sears ' December sales drop was disappointing , as he admits , year - end earnings , due out in mid-March , are expected to show improving margins .
That , in part , is because unprofitable items are disappearing from the stores .
Sears recently stopped carrying traditional televisions , now offering only pricey flat screens .
As for DVDs at Wal - Mart and Target prices , they 're also a thing of the past .
An in - store test showed that full - priced DVDs produce plenty of volume and a lot more for the bottom line .
Eddie was right .
" I THOUGHT THEY WERE GOING TO kill me , " Lampert says .
He 's sitting in the conference room at ESL , almost exactly three years after his kidnapping .
Lampert 's operation has moved to a new building , and security has gotten tighter -- the beefiest receptionist in Connecticut sits behind the counter of ESL 's small entrance area-- but when Lampert tells the full story of what happened to him that day in early 2003 , the terror of it shakes him anew .
And there 's also the irony : that if Lampert had n't been kidnapped that day , he might not be the sole , undisputed king of Sears and Kmart now .
If he had n't been crossed by a potential business partner who took his absence as an opportunity to go around him , he might even have retired .
To understand the saga -- the full tale that has not been told anywhere until now -- you have to go back to the start of the Kmart deal .
Just about everybody thought Lampert was crazy in 2002 when he began buying up Kmart debt at around 40 cents on the dollar after the retailer filed for Chapter 11 .
Crazier still , Lampert loaded up more as the price sank to 20 cents , eventually boosting his total investment to $ 700 million .
" To most people , Kmart looked like a pile of trash , " says Al Koch of restructuring advisor AlixPartners , then Kmart 's interim CFO .
" We were told that this hedge fund guy had bought a huge portion of Kmart and wanted to get it out of bankruptcy fast .
None of us had ever heard of him . "
But Lampert knew exactly what he was doing .
He 'd spent hundreds of hours analyzing Kmart 's financials and reached a simple conclusion : " Kmart 's bankruptcy was avoidable , " he says .
To his thinking , the retailer had frittered billions on unproductive store improvements and excessive inventories .
The prevailing wisdom held that Wal - Mart and Target were squeezing Kmart into oblivion by stealing its sales , and that Kmart had to fight back to maintain its dwindling market share .
Lampert felt differently : that only by managing Kmart for profitability , not sales growth , could the discounter succeed .
And if need be , Lampert could sell off Kmart 's real estate , which had been valued at $ 800 million in a liquidation analysis filed in bankruptcy court .
He was sure it was worth much more .
As 2003 approached , Kmart was hungry for more cash to keep operating , and Lampert considered bringing on a partner : Ron Burkle , a secretive California billionaire who had owned more than 6 % of Kmart stock pre-bankruptcy and wanted back in ..
Lampert and Burkle considered several possibilities : that Burkle would buy some of Lampert 's Kmart debt or partner with him to put additional funds into Kmart .
" The company needed a lot of money , " says Lampert .
" And he had a lot of experience that could be valuable . "
On Friday , Jan. 10 , at about 7:30 P.M. , Lampert left his office to meet his wife and mother for dinner at a nearby restaurant .
He was anticipating a weekend full of phone calls and meetings -- the following Monday was a key deadline for Kmart 's refinancing -- but as he walked to his car in the underground parking garage of ESL 's building , four masked men grabbed him .
They pulled a thick hood over his head , shoved him into an SUV , and sped off .
An hour later Lampert was sitting on a toilet in a motel bathroom , blindfolded , his hands and feet bound by plastic handcuffs .
His abductors told him that they had been hired to kill him .
It made no sense , but he was n't about to argue .
" One thing I was sure of was that I had to tell the truth because they knew everything about me , " Lampert recalls .
" They knew where I lived , how much I had paid for my house , who worked at my office , how much I was worth .
If I bullshitted them , they 'd know it . "
He sat in that bathroom for 39 hours , awaiting who - knew - what .
They gave him water and one meal ( Popeye 's fried chicken ) .
When they removed his blindfold so that he could eat , he kept his eyes down , even though they had masks on .
" I was respectful , " he says .
They 'd taken his wallet away but allowed him to hold a passport photo of his 5 - month - old son that he 'd wedged into his billfold .
When they demanded that he record a message to his wife , he complied .
" I was in God 's hands , " he says .
It was later reported that Lampert talked his kidnappers into believing that he would deliver $ 5 million to them if they let him go .
But the real story is a little different .
One of the kidnappers foolishly used Lampert 's credit card to order pizza delivered to a friend 's house .
When Lampert heard them talking about it , he saw an opening .
Did n't they realize that the police were on to them now ?
Only if they released him would they have a chance to get away .
Lampert , after all , had never seen them , so he could n't ID them .
But if they got caught with him as a captive -- or harmed him -- they would be in terrible trouble .
Lampert says he did discuss a payoff with his captors , but nothing was decided on .
" Ultimately they realized that it was better to let me go than to kill me , " he says .
At 2 A.M. on Sunday the kidnappers dropped him at the off ramp of exit 3 on I - 95 .
Even then he feared that they would shoot him , but they drove off .
He walked a mile to the Greenwich police station .
The cops apprehended the culprits within days .
Ranging in ages from just 17 to 23 , they had used the Internet to research Lampert and buy equipment for their caper .
They later pleaded guilty .
They are now in prison , and Lampert says he just wants to put the episode behind him .
" A couple of friends said to me , ' Stop .
Get out of the business .
Retire , ' " Lampert recalls .
" I thought about it -- not for a long time , but it was definitely a consideration . "
A few hours after he arrived home , he says , he asked colleagues to call the key players in the Kmart refinancing and pass along a message : " I need to collect my thoughts .
I do n't need weeks .
I need days . "
He was stunned by the reaction he got : A few people suggested that he might have concocted the kidnapping story to buy time .
Then he heard about Burkle .
The day after Lampert 's release , as he was recovering from his ordeal with his family , Burkle went to Jim Adamson , Kmart 's then - CEO , and said he would be willing to put up the money the company needed , without Lampert .
When Lampert found out , he was furious at Burkle 's apparent end run .
" It jolted me back to reality , " he says .
Instead of retiring , he jumped back into the fray , elbowing Burkle aside -- and committing $ 110 million .
Burkle says that Lampert misinterpreted his maneuvers , and that he acted only because one of Lampert 's colleagues told him that ESL was not going to put any more money in .
" We never would have gone in when somebody was kidnapped and tried to do a deal around him , " says Burkle .
In any case , by the time Kmart emerged from bankruptcy in May 2003 , a year ahead of schedule , Lampert had invested some $ 800 million .
When his debt converted to equity , he found himself with a commanding 54 % ownership stake .
WHEN LAMPERT WAS 14 , HIS FATHER died of a heart attack at age 47 .
A lawyer , he nonetheless left the family , which lived in the middle - class town of Roslyn , N.Y. , with virtually no savings .
Lampert 's mother took a job as a clerk at Saks Fifth Avenue .
Eddie worked in various warehouses -- stocking shelves , picking orders -- after school and on weekends to help support her and his younger sister , Tracey .
" He was a child , and then suddenly he was a man , " says his mother .
Eddie handled the pressure .
He earned good grades , made time for soccer and basketball , won the scholar - athlete award at his high school .
He got financial aid to help pay for Yale , where he majored in economics and was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa and Skull & Bones .
" Even back then Eddie was intense , " says Steven Mnuchin , his college roommate , who now runs Dune Capital in Manhattan and sits on the board of Sears Holdings .
After college Lampert landed a job at Goldman Sachs , persuading Robert Rubin to let him join his risk - arbitrage unit .
The decision - making process he learned working for the future Treasury Secretary ( now Citigroup vice chairman ) -- envisioning possibilities and their inherent risks -- has shaped him as an investor , he says : " In investing , you constantly make decisions under conditions of uncertainty . "
After four years the 25 - year - old Lampert decided he did n't want to build his career inside someone else 's money machine .
In early 1988 he moved to Texas to work with Richard Rainwater , whom he had met in Nantucket a few months earlier .
Rainwater gave him seed money to launch his own equity fund , which Lampert dubbed ESL .
" Eddie works harder than anyone I 've ever seen , " says Rainwater .
He recalls that when he owned the Texas Rangers ( with George W. Bush ) , he would take the guys from his office to the stadium on sunny afternoons to play baseball .
" Eddie would come with us , but he'd be there with his papers spread out on the right - field stands . "
Lampert cringes at Rainwater 's portrayal .
" Richard 's office was like Grand Central Station , " he says .
" Richard would say , ' Joe Smith is coming to town .
Let 's all have lunch with Joe Smith . '
I 'd say , ' No , I have my work to do . ' "
He split with Rainwater after a year and a half over a disagreement about his role .
Lampert pushed to get involved in deals , but Rainwater wanted him to stay focused on buying and selling stocks .
" It was n't that I thought I 'd do deals , " says Lampert , who was 27 when he set out on his own , taking ESL with him .
" But I was hell - bent on the principle that I should have the flexibility to do deals . "
He adds , " The irony is that I did n't do a deal until 15 , 16 , 17 years later . "
That first deal was Kmart .
During ESL 's early days , Lampert was an ordinary passive investor .
" I bought IBM two years after Lou Gerstner got there , " he says .
" They had an incredible services business , but most investors were focusing on the mainframe and PC businesses , so IBM 's valuation was low .
In four or five years , we made four or five times our money . "
Starting in the late '90s with AutoZone and then AutoNation , he became more active , attacking capital spending and playing a key role in replacing top management .
He took heat from some critics , who charged that he was pursuing short - term fixes that could end up hurting the companies .
But the stocks of AutoZone and AutoNation continued to rise , and ESL still counts both among its core holdings .
Lampert 's tactics back then -- and critics ' reactions to them - - would become a model for his future deals .
WHEN KMART EMERGED FROM bankruptcy in 2003 , Lampert quickly cut spending , reduced inventories , and halted what he calls " crazy promotions " to clear out merchandise .
" For the first year or so , we had declining same - store sales , but more stores made a profit .
To some people , it looked like a plane that was going from 40,000 feet to 20,000 feet , and in five minutes from now , it 's going to hit the ground .
We said , ' We 're going to land this plane . '
And we did . "
The stock did n't just land , it soared .
By summer 2004 , Kmart was solidly profitable and building a $ 3 billion cash pile .
The retail novice was proving everyone wrong .
The buzz on the Street was that Lampert planned to milk the company for cash , using Kmart 's real estate as his secret cache .
Lampert exploited the moment .
In June he announced the sale of some 70 Kmart stores - - 5 % of the base -- to Sears and Home Depot for more than $ 900 million .
The figure was so high , Kmart stock zoomed on the news .
Lampert 's stake , acquired for $ 800 million , was now worth about $ 4 billion .
But Lampert had another card to play .
His hedge fund had also quietly accumulated almost 15 % of Sears over the previous four years .
In selling 50 Kmart stores at a premium price , he 'd spotlighted the weakness of Sears management .
With Wall Street convinced that Kmart had gotten the better of the deal ( Home Depot 's purchases were deemed more strategic ) , Sears stock dipped .
That opened the door to phase two of Lampert 's plan : to use Kmart to take over Sears .
On Halloween weekend of 2004 , Lampert and Sears CEO Alan Lacy sat down in Lampert 's Greenwich home .
Lampert prodded Lacy to sell him the company .
After endless bad news -- sales declines , profit shortfalls , and 75,000 job cuts -- Lacy was exhausted .
Kmart's $ 12 billion takeover was announced three weeks later .
Not long after , Lampert placed a call to Arthur Martinez , who had run Sears during a short - lived revival in the late '90s .
Martinez had recharged the company ( and its stock ) by reducing costs , imposing new financial discipline , and luring female shoppers with the " Softer side of Sears " campaign .
Martinez had an office in Greenwich not far from ESL , and on a mild winter day he walked the few blocks over for a visit .
Lampert greeted him warmly , though the two had never met before .
" Do you think I 've done something crazy ? " Lampert asked Martinez when they sat down .
Martinez did n't answer him directly .
" You have taken on the most complex retail integration task in history , " he replied .
Martinez recalls that Lampert wanted to know how he had gone about changing a vast bureaucratic organization .
" I told him that it was far harder than I thought it was going to be , " Martinez says .
He 'd underestimated " the cultural challenge , " he told Lampert , and should have cleared out the old guard more quickly .
Says Lampert : " He was helpful .
The changes he made did n't stick , so the turnaround stalled out . "
Lampert got the message , though his strategic approach is not what Martinez 's would have been .
He replaced CEO Lacy , who was Martinez 's successor , with retailing newcomer Aylwin Lewis , 51 , a restaurant industry man and former president of YUM Brands ( owner of Pizza Hut , Taco Bell , and Kentucky Fried Chicken ) whom he had hired to run Kmart just before the Sears deal was announced .
" He 's been on an incredibly steep learning curve , " says Lampert of Lewis , with whom he talks frequently and e-mails constantly .
A few months ago , CEO Lewis recalls , he asked Lampert , " ' Where do you end and I begin ? '
Eddie said , ' Why do you have to know that ?
This is a partnership . ' " Lewis is pragmatic .
" You check your ego at the door , " he says .
" Eddie is a nontraditional leader .
I 've learned to be nontraditional . "
Lampert found Sears a new marketing chief too , not by using a recruiter but by querying a tech world contact who steered him to IBM .
Lampert , who admires the company for its cultural revival , asked Maureen McGuire , a 30 - year IBMer , to meet him at his ESL office .
McGuire recalls asking Lampert , " ' Why would you hire me ?
I have no retail experience . '
He told me , ' That 's exactly why I want you .
I need somebody with fresh eyes . ' "
Lampert 's right hand at ESL , Bill Crowley , 48 , is now his eyes and ears at Sears headquarters , typically spending three days a week there .
" We do n't use discounted cash flows out five years and weigh it against the cost of capital , " says Crowley , whom Lampert installed as Sears ' CFO and chief administrative officer .
" We talk about how much money we are making right now , and how that can change . "
At times it seems as if Lampert 's only passion is in tightening the operations .
( One experiment in expansion , new stores called Sears Essentials that put Sears brands like Craftsman , Kenmore , and DieHard into Kmart 's off - the - mall locations , has already been scaled back after a subpar rollout . )
Says Morgan Stanley 's Greg Melich , a bear on the stock : " You could find specialty retailers that have scaled down to something sustainable .
But among general - merchandise retailers , there 's no example of long - term success . "
" The notion of spending money on the business - - I 'm not opposed to it .
I just want a return for it , " Lampert says .
That attitude has certainly helped free up cash flow : Sears Holdings ended 2005 with more than $ 3.5 billion on its books .
But how is Eddie going to create long - term value ?
He offers no specifics .
When I propose one popular speculation -- that if improved operations do n't get the stock moving soon , he will begin selling off more real estate and maybe even Sears house brands like Craftsman - - he laughs , simply saying , " No . "
In other conversations he suggests that rather than unload the company 's prime properties , he'd like to better exploit them - - he calls Land 's End , for one , " a strategic asset . "
But he offers few details .
In other words , we just have to trust him -- as his hedge fund investors have .
( He demands a five - year minimum commitment from them , and refuses to tell them what he 's investing in . )
He points to three role models that together may say more about where he 's going than any retail initiative he might float : Bob Rubin , who claims that the best decision - makers keep their options open until the last reasonable moment ; Bill Belichick , the coach of the New England Patriots football team , who befuddles and outwits his opponents by constantly adjusting the game plan ; and Warren Buffett , who turned from investor to business builder by acquiring operations at good prices and rearranging the cash flow , in many cases to invest elsewhere .
" The entrance strategy is actually more important than the exit strategy , " Lampert says .
Could Sears Holdings evolve into another Berkshire Hathaway ?
" One of the unspoken secrets about business leaders is that they often have no idea about where they 're going to end up , " Lampert says coyly .
" I know the right direction .
Whether we end up at the destination -- rebuilding Sears Holdings into a great company on many dimensions -- I do n't know .
But we 're headed in that direction . "
IN LATE JANUARY , LAMPERT TAKES ME for a walk - through of the Kmart in White Plains , N. Y. , 20 minutes from his Greenwich office .
He points out that he redirected the toothpaste display to the end aisle , and carps that the bath towel section needs classier signage .
His mother has joined us , and we sit down on Martha Stewart patio chairs in the outdoor - furniture section for a chat .
" I never thought he would go into retail , " Dolores Lampert says .
" It 's a very hard business .
But it 's a challenge , and Eddie likes a challenge . "
She talks about how he'd been accepted to both Harvard and Yale law schools after college , and how crushed she was when he told her he was going to Goldman Sachs instead .
" I did n't know what Goldman Sachs was , " she recalls , adding : " I called my mother and I cried .
I was hysterical . "
I ask Dolores Lampert what Eddie 's greatest insecurity is .
She pauses , and almost chokes up , then replies , " This is a terrible thing to say , but it's that he wo n't live long enough to complete all his goals . "
His mother goes on , saying how Lampert writes his goals on a yellow legal pad , just like his father did before he died .
" But Eddie wo n't die young , " she says , not looking at him .
" He 'll probably live into his 90s . "
Lampert is sitting quietly , watching us but involved in his own thoughts .
" I want to be known as a great businessman , " Lampert had told me earlier .
With all he 's accomplished , you might think he'd feel like one already .
But Lampert has bigger aspirations , even if he 's mostly mum about them .
Sitting there in the Kmart with his mother , he agrees that he worries about dying young like his dad did .
" If you had asked me the question , I would n't have answered that way .
But that is the right answer . "
And then he goes silent .
Perhaps he is calculating the probabilities and , whatever they may be , thinking that he has no time to waste .
FEEDBACK psellers@fortunemail.com
HOW LAMPERT PICKS HIS STOCKS
LIKE WARREN BUFFETT , EDDIE LAMPERT CALLS HIMSELF A
" value investor , " meaning he buys into companies whose assets he
calculates are worth more than the current trading price .
" The idea is that
I 'm going to pay this price and great things may happen , but they do n't have to
happen for me to do okay , " he says .
He typically does n't short stocks ,
trade currencies or derivatives , take on substantial leverage , or do any of the
fancy stuff that most hedge funds do .
His firm , ESL Investments , employs 20
people , whereas another hedge fund its size ( there are just a few ) would have
hundreds and a busy trading floor .
" We try to stay very focused , "
Lampert says .
He takes large positions in major companies and typically holds
them for a long time .
He has owned AutoZone and AutoNation , his two biggest
investments besides Sears Holdings , since 1997 and 2000 , respectively .
ESL now
owns about 29 % of each company .
Lampert 's stock picking is a " form of
immersion , " he says .
Before he put a penny into AutoZone , he visited dozens
of the auto - parts retailer 's outlets and had one of ESL 's analysts spend six
months calling on hundreds of stores , posing as a demanding customer .
" It's
probably overkill , " Lampert says , but he can't resist .
" Eddie does n't
do things that 99 % of the hedge fund world does , " says Tom Tisch , an ESL
limited partner since 1992 .
To avoid pressure to sell his holdings prematurely ,
Lampert requires ESL 's investors to commit their money for five years -- rare in
the hedge fund world , where the standard lockup is one year .
Lampert also believes that secrecy is a key advantage
for an investor .
Because ESL today owns such large stakes in companies , those
holdings must be publicly disclosed .
But Lampert still refuses to talk about
the specifics of his portfolio , even with his own investors .
In the past
Lampert has had occasional conflicts with his limited partners over this
policy .
Media mogul David Geffen , who has invested with Lampert since 1992 ,
recalls insisting to him at one point , " I want to know where the hell my
money is . "
Lampert refused to tell him .
" The rules are the rules , and
they 're the same for everybody , " says Geffen .
" Eddie is very strict .
It 's one of the things I admire about Eddie .
But I do n't like it about
him . "
Of course , much has changed since Lampert made the
biggest bet of his career : his $ 12 billion acquisition of Sears .
He used to
wield his influence quietly at companies -- by shaking up management and imposing
financial discipline from his seat inside the boardroom .
Now , by taking an
active role in running Sears Holdings , he is veering from his old self and from
Buffett , who takes pains to avoid meddling in management .
Buffett also tends to
buy well - run market leaders -- such as Wal - Mart ( whose stock he bought last year )
rather than its downtrodden victims like Kmart and Sears .
" Warren Buffett
says , ' I 'd rather jump over a one - foot hurdle than a six - foot hurdle , ' "
says Lampert .
" We 'd rather jump over a one - foot hurdle too .
But it's
difficult to find the opportunity .
So I 'm willing to engage more in
underperforming companies . "
EDDIE'S RULES
Lampert on being an active -- not
activist -- investor :
" You do n't need to revolutionize an industry or
overhaul a company to make money .
Often you need to change the way capital is
allocated and maybe change compensation targets .
I 'd rather do these things
privately than publicly . "
On capital spending :
" A lot of managers say , " Here 's the rule of
thumb :
We have to spend X amount per year . "
It gets written into the plan .
You know who benefits ?
The consumer .
There 's nothing wrong with that .
But my
job is to provide value for the investor . "
On executive compensation :
" Compensation committees divide pay into
quartiles .
No board wants to pay people in the fourth quartile , but somebody
has to be there .
If your performance is in the fourth quartile , then maybe your
pay should be in the fourth quartile . "
On Wall Street guidance :
" The world is just not predictable enough to give
earnings guidance .
The prevailing wisdom is , you set guidance at a level that
you can beat , so the surprise is on the upside .
Or you sell something on June
29 for $ 2.2 million even though you could have gotten $ 2.5 million on July
1 . "
REPORTER ASSOCIATES
Julia Boorstin and Joan Levinstein contributed to this article .
The New U.S .
- British Oil Imperialism
Part 1
By Norman D. Livergood
The American and British ruling circles have been engaged in a policy of military imperialism for several centuries .
The American revolution was fought to bring the United States under new , non-British ruling circles , with the new regime sold to the public as a democracy .
In the twentieth century , these American ruling elites have revolved around the Rockefeller , Brown , Harriman , and Morgan family dynasties .
The Bush family , beginning with Prescott Bush , have served as satraps of the Rockefeller , Brown , and Harriman interests .
As we 've seen , in earlier articles on these imperialistic rulers ( Part 1 , Part 2 ) , the British and American ruling cabals decided that the energy of choice for the world would be oil and natural gas ( not coal ) -- just as the drugs of choice would be alcohol and tobacco .
To overcome the problem of his oil holdings being broken apart by the U.S. government in 1911 , John Rockefeller set out to control the world 's oil , gas , and nuclear energy reserves .
World War I was the strategy of the world oil cartel ( Standard , Shell , British Petroleum ) to take over the colonies of France , Holland , Spain and Portugal .
The engines of war now ran on petroleum - based products , so ownership of oil could now determine who won or lost a war -- therefore who would rule the world .
Oil , instead of gold , became the token of power .
By 1919 , the Oil Empire , not based on countries or nations , but on private corporations , now ruled the world .
The Big Three oil cartel , which controlled oil in the Persian Gulf and southeast Asia areas , wanted to gain control over the vast oil reserves in the southern part of the Soviet Union .
They financed the fascist regimes in Germany , Italy , and Japan with the hope that they would invade and control Russia .
The Oil Rulers planned to defeat the German , Italian , and Japanese regimes and take control of the oil reserves in the Soviet Union .
The Rockefeller circle also planned to take control of Persian Gulf oil from the British - Persian Oil cartel and seize control of southeast Asian oil from Royal Dutch Shell .
The United States was brought into the second world war when in July 1941 , President Roosevelt signed an embargo to stop all shipping to Japan .
This was said to be in retaliation for the recent Japanese invasion of French Indo - China .
Roosevelt 's U.S. embargo cut off the Japanese oil supply , which would have quickly shut down Japan 's entire economy .
In late November 1941 the Japanese sent a written " war warning " through diplomatic channels to Washington , demanding that the embargo be stopped , or else American sites in the Pacific would be attacked in retaliation .
That formal diplomatic warning was ignored and the U.S. made no reply .
Just two weeks later the Japanese bombed the American embargo ships located in Pearl Harbor .
In 1939 and ' 40 , the Germans and Italians did not attack Russia as the Big Three had planned .
Instead , German General Rommel rushed across North Africa to grab the Suez Canal and control all oil shipping through the canal .
Rommel then planned to drive through to Persia and toss out the British from the British - Persian oil fields .
Meanwhile , after a failed attack on Russia in 1939 , the Japanese swept through Southeast Asia and seized all the oil holdings of Royal Dutch Shell .
With the defeat of Japan in 1945 , most of those Royal Dutch fields came under the control of Rockefeller 's Standard Oil .
Hitler had planned to capture the oilfields in Romania by 1939 so Germany would have its own supply of oil .
This was accomplished .
Then Rommel was to have captured the oilfields in Persia by 1941 , the oilfields in Russia in 1942 .
Only then would Hitler have sufficient fuel for prosecuting a war with the United States .
But less than a week after the Pearl Harbor attack , the Japanese convinced Hitler to declare war on the United States .
Hitler agreed only if the Japanese would attack Russia , since German troops were now bogged down in Russia and Hitler would gain strategic advantage if the Russians had to defend themselves from Japan on their eastern flank .
When the Japanese failed to attack Russia , Hitler was driven out of Russia and now was without a fuel source .
The Romanian oilfields in Ploesti were insufficient for Germany to carry on a war on two fronts , and Germany 's war effort began to collapse .
The last major German campaign was the Battle of the Bulge , in which Rommel was to attack the invading allies with his tanks , then capture the Allied fuel dumps .
This would stop the American and British forces and obtain the necessary fuel for Germany to continue its war effort .
But General Eisenhower ordered the Allied fuel dumps burned and Germany was defeated .
At the end of World War II , the British - Persian Oil Company controlled the vast oil fields in Iran .
The Persians had declared their alignment with Adolf Hitler 's Nazi " Aryan Race " movement and were fully expecting German General Rommel to come rushing across Africa and " free " them from the British .
They had even proclaimed their alignment with Hitler by changing the name of their country from Persia to " Aryan , " ( or " Iran " in the Farsi language ) , but the Germans failed to save them .
To take control of Persian Gulf oil from the British , in 1954 Kermit Roosevelt , nephew of Franklin , led an American CIA coup to take control of Iran and place in power the American - backed Shah of Iran .
The Shah expelled the British , and Rockefeller 's Standard Oil now had control of the British - Persian petroleum fields .
In 1954 , Occidental Petroleum 's Armand Hammer , a satrap of the Rockefellers , negotiated a deal with Russian dictator Joseph Stalin to buy his oil -- thus effectively stealing it from the Russian people .
Russian oil was then sold on the world market at a much higher price than Stalin could get by marketing it himself , because few countries were willing to buy oil from Stalin .
Occidental Petroleum and Russia built two large pipelines , from the Russian oil fields down along both sides of the Caspian Sea , terminating in the old British - Persian - - now Standard Oil - - oil fields in Iran .
For the next 45 years , Russia secretly sent its oil out through those pipelines and Standard Oil sold the oil on the world market at the " West Texas Crude " price by calling it Iranian oil .
For almost fifty yeas most Americans have been using Russian oil in their cars .
Standard Oil refineries , which produce gasoline from crude oil , are located at large sea ports like San Francisco , Houston or Los Angeles , not near any of the large American oil fields .
Most oil from the Persian Gulf is shipped in oil tankers to those large American refinery - ports .
In 1979 , the Standard Oil - backed Shah of Iran was thrown out by a British - backed coup and the long - time British asset , Ayatollah Khomeni , put into power .
The flow of Russian oil through Iran suddenly stopped .
Other oil pipelines were constructed through Iraq and Turkey .
The Russian oil was now called OPEC Arabian - Middle Eastern oil and marketed at the even higher " spot market " price .
So in 1979 , in America and Europe , we suddenly experienced gasoline shortages and huge increases in the price of gasoline .
Also in 1979 Standard Oil - Russian oil interests tried to secure an alternate , short , safe oil pipeline route from Russia through neighboring Afghanistan , but this only resulted in a prolonged war and the project was abandoned .
When the new British - controlled regime in Iran came into power , the Rockefeller - influenced U.S. government immediately threatened to seize $ 7.9 billion of Iranian assets located in the U.S. On November 4 , 1979 Iranian " terrorists " captured and held hostage 65 Americans .
Essentially , Standard Oil was being blackmailed by the hostage strategy .
After lengthy negotiations , the Rockefeller - created President Jimmy Carter approved the electronic transfer of 7.9 billion dollars from U.S. accounts to the Iranian regime on January 20 , 1981 .
On Wednesday January 27 , 1988 , as announced in the Wall Street Journal , Standard Oil merged with British Petroleum .
This actually represents Standard Oil 's buyout of British Petroleum , the name of the newly merged company being BP - America .
The Wall Street Journal did not see fit to mention worries about the world - wide predatory marketing practices of a deceptively titled Standard Oil regime .
During the last 13 years , BP - America has merged with , or controls , all of the old Standard Oil " mini- companies " which existed before the original breakup by the U.S. government in 1911 .
The new Standard Oil regime is now known as BP - AMOCO , and few people in the world realize what has happened .
It 's now possible to understand why British Prime Minister Blair has become the spokesman for the new wars against terrorism ( actually the war for Caspian Sea oil ) .
At the end of WWII , General Douglas MacArthur became the military Governor of Japan .
MacArthur 's assistant was Laurence Rockefeller , one of John D. Rockefeller 's four grandsons .
As the second world war was drawing to a close , the U.S. was preparing for a massive invasion of the Japanese home islands .
The military had stockpiled vast supplies of weapons and munitions on the island of Okinawa .
Some sources claim that with Vice - governor Laurence Rockefeller 's assistance most of the armaments were sold to the leader of Vietnam , Ho Chi Minh , for something like one U.S. dollar and Ho ’s " goodwill . "
One might wonder why these expensive and critical military supplies were " given " to the North Vietnamese .
To answer that question we have to go to an almost unknown study in the 1920's prepared by a man named Herbert Hoover , later to become President of the United States .
The study showed that one of the world 's largest oil fields ran along the coast of the South China Sea right off French Indo - China , now known as Vietnam .
This was before offshore drilling had been invented and before a man named George Herbert Walker Bush was to become the CEO of a world - wide offshore drilling company .
In 1945 , Vietnam was still a colony of the French .
Laurence Rockefeller , it appears , had given the extensive store of weapons to Ho Chi Minh with the hope that Vietnam would drive out the French so that Standard Oil would be able to take over the as yet undeveloped offshore fields .
But in 1954 , Vietnamese General Giap finally defeated and drove out the French at Dien Bien Phu with weaponry provided by the U.S.
Ho Chi Minh reneged on the deal since he could read too , and he was well aware of the Hoover resource report and knew there was a vast supply of oil off the Vietnamese coast .
" In the 1950 's a method of undersea oil exploration was perfected which used small explosions deep in the water and then recorded the sound echoes bouncing off the various layers of rock below .
The surveyor could then determine the exact location of the arched salt domes which hold the accumulated oil beneath them .
But if this method were used off the Vietnam coast on property Standard did n't own or have the rights to , the Vietnamese , the Chinese , the Japanese and probably even the French would quickly run to the United Nations and complain that America was stealing the oil , and that would shut down the operation .
" In 1964 , after Vietnam was divided into North and South , and the contrived Gulf of Tonkin incident , several U.S. aircraft carriers were stationed offshore of Vietnam and the ' war ' was started .
Every day jet planes would take off from the carriers , bomb locations in North and South Vietnam , and then using normal military procedure when returning would dump their unsafe or unused bombs in the ocean before landing back on the carriers .
Safe ordnance drop zones were designated for this purpose away from the carriers .
" Even close - up observers would only notice many small explosions occurring daily in the waters of the South China Sea and thought it was only part of the ' war . '
The U.S. Navy carriers had begun Operation Linebacker One , and Standard Oil had begun its ten year oil survey of the seabed off of Vietnam .
And the Vietnamese , Chinese and everybody else around , including the Americans , were none the wiser .
The oil survey hardly cost Standard Oil a nickel , the U.S. taxpayers paid for it . "
Marshall Douglas Smith . ( 2001 ) .
Black Gold Hot Gold , Ch. 3
So twenty years later and 57,000 Americans and half a million Vietnamese dead , Standard Oil had enough data and the war in Vietnam could end .
Nelson Rockefeller 's personal assistant , Henry Kissinger , represented the U.S. at the Vietnam / Paris Peace talks and won a Nobel Peace Prize in the bargain .
After the dust had settled from the war , Vietnam divided their offshore coastal area into numerous oil lots and allowed foreign companies to bid on the lots , with the proviso that Vietnam got a percentage of the action .
Norway 's Statoil , British Petroleum , Royal Dutch Shell , Russia , Germany and Australia all won bids and began drilling within their areas .
Strange it was that none of them struck oil .
However , the lots which Standard Oil bid for and won proved to have vast oil reserves .
Their extensive undersea seismic research appears to have paid off .
Unfortunately , Big Oil 's greed has not abated a whit .
The American and British rulers have a new imperialistic strategy by which they hope to gain total control of the world 's energy supplies .
First , they sell armaments to a regime ( for example , Panama , Iraq , Yugoslavia / Kosovo , Afghan / Pakistan / Taliban Mujaheddin , Saudi Arabia ) .
Then , they demonize the regime to which they sold the armaments and declare war on it ( e.g. Panama Invasion , Gulf War , UN Kosovo war , current Afghanistan war ) .
After the war , they station permanent military bases in the country and use the military bases to control the energy resources in the surrounding countries .
Current U.S. foreign policy is governed by the doctrine of " full - spectrum dominance " : the U.S. must control military , economic and political developments everywhere .
" If you want to rule the world , you need to control oil .
All the oil .
Anywhere . "
Monopoly , by Michel Collon
The UN - sanctioned war in the Balkans was all about oil and the pipeline easement for Caspian Sea oil to Western European markets through Kosovo to the Mediterranean Sea .
When Yugoslavia refused to play ball with the International Monetary Fund , the U.S. and Germany began a systematic campaign of destabilization , even using some of the veterans of Afghanistan in that " war . "
Yugoslavia was broken up into compliant statelets , and the former Soviet Union was contained .
The outcome : the de facto U.S. occupation of Kosovo -- where America built its largest military base since the Vietnam War
The Caspian Sea area has proven oil reserves of fifteen to twenty - eight billion barrels plus estimated reserves of 40 - 178 billion , a total of 206 billion barrels -- 16 percent of the earth 's potential oil reserves ( compared to Saudi's 261 billion barrels of oil and America 's own 22 billion barrels ) .
Even at today 's low prices , that could add up to $ 3 trillion in oil .
With the Saudi regime tottering -- an aging king about to die , widespread internal corruption creating calls for revolutionary overthrow -- and a new source of oil and gas in the Caucasus , the Standard Oil suzerainty is looking to create a new regime in Saudi Arabia and develop a new center of operations in Southern Asia .
The huge oil and gas reserves in the Caspian Sea must either be moved west to European markets or south to Asian markets .
The western route is to move oil from Chechnya , across the Black Sea and through the Bosporus to the Mediterranean , but the narrow Bosporus channel is already clogged with oil tankers from the Black Sea oilfields .
An alternate route would be to move the tankers from the Black Sea , bypassing the Bosporus , up the Danube River and then through a very short pipeline across Kosovo to the Mediterranean at Tirana , Albania .
However , that process was stopped by the Chinese who have supplied and armed the Albanians , as a client state , since 1949 .
The other difficulty with the western route is that Western Europe is a tough market , characterized by high prices for oil products , an aging population , and increasing competition from natural gas .
Furthermore , the region is fiercely competitive , now being serviced by oil from the Middle East , the North Sea , Scandinavia , and Russia .
Western Europe is not a very attractive market , because substantial infrastructure would have to be developed to bring that oil from the Caspian to an already overly - competitive European market .
The only other ways to get Caspian Sea oil and gas to Asian markets is through China , which is too long a route , or through Iran , which is politically and economically inimical to U.S. - Standard Oil objectives .
As soon as the Soviets discovered the vast Caspian Sea oilfields in the late 1970's , they attempted to take control of Afghanistan to build a massive north - south pipeline system to allow the Soviets to send their oil directly through Afghanistan and Pakistan to the Indian Ocean seaport .
The result was the decades long Soviet - Afghan war .
The Standard Oil - influenced U.S. government saw the danger of a Russian north - south pipeline and the CIA trained and funded armed terrorist groups , including Osama bin Laden , who defeated the Soviets in the late 1980's .
The Russians then tried to control the flow of oil and gas through its monopoly on pipelines .
The Southern Asian Republics of the former Soviet Union -- Turkmenistan , Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan -- saw through this Russian monopolistic ploy and began to consult with Western companies .
The Standard Oil - influenced U.S. government now plans to thrust further along the 40th parallel from the Balkans through these Southern Asian Republics of the former Soviet Union .
The U.S. military has already set up a permanent operations base in Uzbekistan .
The so - called anti-terrorist strategy is clearly designed to simultaneously consolidate control over Middle Eastern and South Asian oil , and contain and neutralize the former Soviet Union .
With that strategy , Afghanistan is exactly where they need to be .
Russia , realizing its weaker position vis-a - vis the United States , has been making noises as if it fully agreed with the U.S. incursions in Afghanistan .
But Russia has joined the Shangahi Cooperation Organization ( SCO ) which includes China , Russia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Takijistan and Uzbekistan .
China is using the SCO to try to align Russia economically and politically towards China and northeast Asia .
Russia 's membership in the SCO is an attempt to maintain its traditional hegemony in Central Asia .
The underlying rationale of the SCO is the control of its members ' enormous reserves of oil and gas .
Despite the misgivings of Russia , China , India , or any other nation , Afghanistan will now become the base of operations in destabilizing , isolating , and establishing control over the South Asian Republics and the Middle - East .
After the conquest of this area is complete and the permanent military posts are set up , they will begin construction of a pipeline through Turkmenistan , Afghanistan , and Pakistan to deliver petroleum to the Asian market .
UNOCAL , the spearhead for Standard Oil interests , has been trying to build the north - south pipeline through Afghanistan and Pakistan to the Indian Ocean for several decades .
In 1998 , the California - based UNOCAL , which held 46.5 percent stakes in Central Asia Gas ( CentGas ) , a consortium that planned an ambitious gas pipeline across Afghanistan , withdrew in frustration after several fruitless years .
The pipeline was to stretch 1,271 km from Turkmenistan 's Dauletabad fields to Multan in Pakistan at an estimated cost of $ 1.9 billion .
An additional $ 600 million would have brought the pipeline to energy - hungry India .
In the spring of 2001 , Halliburton , Vice President Dick Cheney 's company , signed a major contract with the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan to develop a 6000 - square - meter marine base to support offshore oil construction in the Caspian Sea .
The base will be used to assist Halliburton 's catamaran crane vessel , the Qurban Abbasov , in upcoming offshore pipe - laying and subsea activities , according to a statement the company released May 15 , 2001 .
UNOCAL cut off its earlier agreement with the Taliban in 1998 when it became clear that the Taliban could not control all of Afghanistan and provide a stable political environment for a north - south pipeline construction project .
It was likely at this juncture that a new " war against terrorism " ploy was conceived by the Standard Oil - influenced U.S. government .
The " war against terrorism " in Afghanistan has come to a hiatus , with war - lords once again ruling the country , and the Bush administration has put their own man , Karzai , in power to control Afghanistan .
Karzai was a top adviser to UNOCAL during the negotiations with the Taliban to construct a Central Asia Gas ( CentGas ) pipeline from Turkmenistan through western Afghanistan to Pakistan .
Karzai is the leader of the southern Afghan Pashtun Durrani tribe .
A member of the mujaheddin that fought the Soviets during the 1980s , Karzai was a top contact for the CIA , maintaining close relations with CIA Director William Casey , Vice President George Bush , and their Pakistani Inter Service Intelligence ( ISI ) Service go - between .
After the Soviet Union left Afghanistan , the CIA sponsored the relocation of Karzai and a number of his brothers to the U.S .
The real motives for the Bush administration 's war in Afghanistan are clear for all to see .
The U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan , Wendy Chamberlain , met with Pakistan 's oil minister , Usman Aminuddin , in January , 2002 to continue plans for the north - south pipeline , encouraging the construction of Pakistan 's Arabian Sea oil terminus for the pipeline .
President Bush says our military will continue its presence in Afghanistan , which means that while the U.N. forces serve as a paramilitary police force , U.S. soldiers will be guarding the construction of the north - south pipeline .
Laundry room is one of the rooms that tend to be small because many people think this is not the room in which their family usually gathers .
They even think it ’s dispensable .
But , have you ever thought that your laundry room deserves to be pretty ?
This is the reason why people are longing for small … Complete Reading
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
A roadside bomb killed three Iraqi children and injured seven as they gathered around American troops handing out toys on Sunday , police and government officials told CNN .
Three U.S.soldiers were also killed in the explosion in Baquba , north of Baghdad , a police official said .
Other insurgent attacks on Sunday hit a government security convoy and an Iraqi military academy , officials said .
In central Baghdad , a parked car packed with explosives detonated as a government security convoy passed , killing nine people and wounding 20 , according to an Interior Ministry official .
Two security officers in the Finance Ministry convoy were among those killed , and four police were among the wounded in the bombing in the Karrada neighborhood , the official said .
Also in the capital , a roadside bomb destroyed a U.S. military vehicle as it traveled in a convoy in the Talbiya neighborhood on the edge of Sadr City , according to the ministry official .
There were no reports of casualties .
Another roadside bomb wounded three Iraqi civilians when it struck their car in northern Baghdad 's Kasra neighborhood Sunday morning , the official said .
A dozen mortar rounds landed on the Iraqi Military Academy in the Rustamiya area on the outskirts of southern Baghdad Sunday morning , but there were no reports of casualties , the official said .
Fifteen minutes later , the U.S. military found and destroyed a vehicle carrying mortar launchers parked in a nearby Shiite area in southeastern Baghdad , the official said .
The U.S. military also destroyed a vehicle loaded with mortar launchers parked in northeastern Baghdad 's Qahira neighborhood , 20 minutes after five mortar rounds landed on a joint Iraqi - American security station Sunday morning , the official said .
There was no word on casualties .
In the northern city of Mosul , a parked car loaded with explosives detonated near a police patrol Sunday morning , killing three Iraqi civilians and wounding 15 people including five police officers , a Mosul police official said .
An Iraqi police officer trying to defuse a roadside bomb in Tikrit was killed when it detonated , police said .
Three other members of the detonation squad were wounded .
Tikrit is located in Salaheddin province about 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) north of Baghdad .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .
All About Iraq War
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook KABUL , Afghanistan ( AP )  Six U.S. troops were killed when insurgents ambushed their foot patrol in the high mountains of eastern Afghanistan , officials said Saturday .
The attack , the most lethal against American forces this year , made 2007 the deadliest for U.S. troops in Afghanistan since the 2001 invasion .
The troops were returning from a meeting with village elders late Friday afternoon in Nuristan province when militants attacked them with rocket propelled grenades and gunfire , Lt. Col.
David Accetta told The Associated Press .
" They were attacked from several enemy positions at the same time , " said Accetta , a spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force and the U.S. military .
" It was a complex ambush . "
The six deaths brings the total number of U.S. troops killed in Afghanistan this year to at least 101 , according to an AP count .
That makes this year the deadliest for Americans here since the 2001 invasion , a war initially launched to oust Taliban and al - Qaeda fighters after the terror attacks of Sept. 11 , but one that has evolved into an increasingly bloody counterinsurgency campaign .
The high toll mirrors the situation in Iraq , where U.S. military deaths this month surpassed 850 , a record high since the 2003 invasion there .
Three Afghan soldiers were also killed in Friday 's ambush , while eight other Americans and 11 Afghans were wounded .
The 14 total U.S. casualties was the highest number of wounded and killed from a battle in Afghanistan this year , Accetta said .
" With Sunday being Veterans Day , this is a reminder of the sacrifices that our troops and our Afghan partners make for the peace and stability of the Afghan people , " Accetta said , referring to the holiday that will be observed in the United States on Sunday .
Overall violence in Afghanistan this year has been the deadliest since the Taliban 's ouster .
More than 5,800 people , mostly militants , have died in insurgency - related violence , according to an AP count based on figures from Afghan and Western officials .
It was n't immediately clear how many militants were involved in the ambush , Accetta said .
Fighter aircraft and troops using artillery or mortars at nearby outposts fired on the militants ' positions , he said .
Mohammad Daoud Nadim , Nuristan deputy police chief , said the ambush happened in the remote province 's Waygal district , about 40 miles from the border with Pakistan , which militants are known to use as a sanctuary .
Nadim said he had no information on any casualties among the militants .
Arabs and other foreign fighters from Chechnya and Uzbekistan are known to operate in the Nuristan region , but the region 's governor , Tamin Nuristani , blamed the attack on Taliban militants .
Nuristani said the troops had searched two houses after the meeting with village elders and were ambushed while walking to their base afterward .
Nuristan province has seen heavy fighting in recent months .
Two U.S. soldiers were killed and 13 wounded by a militant ambush in July , while militants disguised in Afghan army uniforms wounded 11 U.S. troops and killed two Afghan soldiers in August .
The attack on Friday was the deadliest incident for U.S. troops in Afghanistan since a Chinook crashed in February in Zabul province , killing eight Americans .
Officials ruled out enemy fire as the cause of that crash .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Economy US House Vacancies Way Up as Bubble Continues to Deflate By Ryan McGreal
Published November 02 , 2007
According to data from the US Bureau of the Census , the homebuilding orgy of the early 2000s has produced a home vacancy rate reaching 14 percent by the third quarter of 2007 .
US Housing Vacancy Rate , 1977 - 2007 Q3 ( Data Source : Current Population Survey / Housing Vacancy Survey , Series H - 111 , Bureau of the Census , Washington , DC 20233 )
The national vacancy rate rose during the 1980s from a low of just over 8 percent , peaked after the 1991 housing crisis , and remained steady between 11 and 12 percent until 2005 , when it rose dramatically as the housing bubble began to collapse .
This crisis really is different from the 1991 crash , which seems pretty tame in retrospect .
As the crash heads into its third year , there is no indication of a turnaround .
The rate of foreclosures is still high , and the US Treasury expects this trend to continue for the next 18 months .
The high inventory of vacant houses , plus a steady stream of new market entrants via ongoing foreclosures , means house prices will remain soft despite recent attempts by the US Federal Reserve to cut interest rates and spur demand .
As a result , homeowners with adjustable rate and / or subprime mortgages will remain at higher risk of foreclosing , creating a pernicious , self - reinforcing feedback loop .
Ryan McGreal , the editor of Raise the Hammer , lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer , writer and consultant .
Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail , a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton .
Ryan wrote a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine , and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator .
His articles have also been published in The Walrus , HuffPost and Behind the Numbers .
He maintains a personal website , has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook , and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram .
0 Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
It is obvious to roughly three out of four Americans that Bush and his buddies intend to dump this quagmire onto you and me and the next generation .
He has already washed his hands of it and we have another painful 15 months ahead with the only I have waited to leave office .
Extending the war , kicking that can down the road , was President Bush ’s only strategic objective last January when he came up with the idea of escalating the number of American troops in Iraq from 130,000 to today ’s 170,000 .
Put simply , the Decider wants to hand off the decision to pull the plug on his unwinnable war to someone else , anyone else .
Four and a half years after this president ordered the invasion of Iraq in a gross act of arrogance and ignorance based on faulty , bogus and politically twisted intelligence — and after repeatedly changing the rationales and objectives of the war as each has failed in turn — we ’re going to continue this war because George W. Bush is incapable of admitting that he was wrong , wrong , wrong .
Leaving aside all the happy talk we heard this week about how much better the security picture is in Baghdad , the fact is that the escalation or surge has failed utterly .
The stated purpose of this exercise was to buy breathing room for the faltering government of Prime Minister Nouri al Maliki and the paralyzed Iraqi parliament to make progress toward national reconciliation .
When you think about the promises that we would be liberators and that democracy would triumph and you look at what actually happened it surprises me that Americans do n’t mind this sort of fucking they ’re getting .
Why is the outrage confined to the pages of editorial columnists ?
Why are there ANY Bush / Cheney 04 stickers ?
But there is no attempt by network news personnel to fact check him , question him or do anything more than carry his water in exchange for access .
The news organizations remind us often that John Edwards hair cut is expensive .
But they rarely remind him that the last commanders that served in the early parts of the war totally disagreed with him .
Perhaps Joe Galloway remembers .
I mean does n't the fact that the Bushies are negotiating with terrorists get any traction anymore ?
Why are n't the Dems pounding W for finally sitting down with the enemy when they should have done that a year after we invaded ?
The hypocrisy .
The idiocy .
Every American commander in Iraq has stated the obvious from Day One :
This war can not be won militarily .
It can not be won by American troops .
It can not be won by wishful thinking .
It can only be won by the Iraqis themselves , and their definition of victory is built on dreams of bloody revenge and the slaughter of innocents ...
He and the two yes - men , Petraeus and Crocker , crowed about victory in Anbar province as though American tactics and strategy had something to do with a revolutionary turnaround among Sunni tribal sheiks who , long after even the U.S. Marines were admitting defeat in Anbar , acted in their own self - interest and struck against the al Qaeda in Iraq operatives who were killing their people , their own children .
The TV press and pundit corps rarely talk about the Iraqi government .
Or the fact that the Sunnis , the Independents and the Kurds have walked out .
In fact , the " International " coalition of the US , Fiji , The Seychelles and Lichtenstein have more cohesiveness than what ’s left of the government we propped up in Iraq .
But somehow this sort of analysis is left to the corners of the blogosphere .
Will Bush get away with this ?
From all the evidence at hand , the answer , sadly , is yes .
Only the Democrats in Congress stand in his way , and they have yet to find their spines , or a semblance of moral courage , or even a sufficient understanding of the Constitution and its clauses on war making and war - financing , to override The Decider .
It ’s a long journey from now to January 20 , 2009 , and the blood of many Americans and even more Iraqis will flow freely and stain the hands of those who allow this insane war to continue at the behest of a stubborn , unseeing , unthinking man from Crawford , Texas .
How long before this shit ends ?
Does anyone really think the American people are going to sit by for 10 years with our Army there ?
When I rea dthis column I had hope there are others who feel this way .
Even if no one in Washington is listening .
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/...
A little more than 25 years ago , Charlie Butts never would have imagined himself getting to play the national anthem in front of thousands of fans for any major Spokane sporting event .
And it was even more unimaginable to think of himself as becoming a staple of Spokane sporting events in general .
The " old media " is slowly realizing that BitTorrent is a great distribution platform , and above all , an excellent marketing tool .
Today , The Red Band Film Company and Mininova announce the first official deal to distribute a TV - show on the popular BitTorrent site .
The immense popularity of TV - shows on BitTorrent does n’t go unnoticed , not even to TV - producers .
Several TV - production companies already leaked their pilots on BitTorrent , but Red Band and Mininova take it one step further .
Mininova and Red Band made a distribution deal for the upcoming TV - show Pariah Island , a new comedy series which parodies reality TV shows like “ Survivor ” or “ Pirate Master ” .
Although Red Band ca n’t be compared to billion dollar production studios such as 20th Century Fox Television and Warner Bros. , it is a sign that times are changing and that TV - producers are looking for alternative distribution channels .
“ We at Red Band recognize that downloading sites such as Mininova are a distribution medium , one which can be partnered with in a true participatory arrangement , ” says the Red Band production team .
The Red Band team adds : “ With this deal , Mininova gets overnight credibility as a partner of content producers , thereby disproving the notion that such sites are “ pirates ” seeking only to break copyrights .
Mininova gets producer credit on Pariah Island , and their logo will eventually appear on Pariah Island .
In exchange , Pariah Island gets advertising space and other promotional activities on Mininova.org . ”
Erik , one of the founders of Mininova told TorrentFreak that the partnership will show that Mininova is more than a venue for pirated material , and hopes that more production companies will choose Mininova as a distribution platform in the future .
It is an interesting development to see these new partnerships like this .
Both parties will most certainly benefit from the deal , and let ’s hope it will appeal to the Mininova users as well .
This style of character - drawing began when I was asked by the British advertising agency Mother to work on their campaign for the Observer Music Magazine .
That " Abba to Zappa " campaign was , delightfully , rather successful .
Hurrah .
You can see some of these characters in the original TV and poster campaign stuff in the
For ages these characters had no generic name , informally being known ( by me alone ) as Ommpops .
But because of their big flat round heads , I decided Lollipops fits quite nicely .
When some of these drawings were
This style of character - drawing began when I was asked by the British advertising agency Mother to work on their campaign for the Observer Music Magazine .
That " Abba to Zappa " campaign was , delightfully , rather successful .
Hurrah .
You can see some of these characters in the original TV and poster campaign stuff in the portfolio section .
For ages these characters had no generic name , informally being known ( by me alone ) as Ommpops .
But because of their big flat round heads , I decided Lollipops fits quite nicely .
When some of these drawings were exhibited at the Rock en Seine festival in Paris , I had a lot of fun secretly watching people try to guess who they are , so I 've not labelled them here .
If you do , however , need to know who each one is , just hover your mouse over the image for a couple of seconds and a label should appear .
Tuesday , October 18 , 2005
Oldest Domain Names
Here ’s a list of the first .com domain names in history ( of course , the internet precedes the world wide web , which is why these domains are all from the 80s ) :
Andrew Moulden , who provided the list , in his blog remarks :
“ Let s go back exactly 17 years – to November 30th 1987 .
You want to register a domain name .
To date , only 99 .com domains have ever been registered .
Yours will be the 100th .
So , what do you get ?
Music.com ?
It s available !
Games.com ?
Available ! Loans.com ?
Drugs.com ?
Cars.com ?
All unregistered !
Take your pick . ”
Which name would you have registered in 1987 ?
[ Via Boing Boing . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Cleaners caught Mr Stewart simulating sex with a bike
Robert Stewart , 51 , admitted a sexually aggravated breach of the peace by conducting himself in a disorderly manner and simulating sex .
Sheriff Colin Miller also placed Stewart on the Sex Offenders Register for three years .
Mr Stewart was caught in the act with his bicycle by cleaners in his bedroom at the Aberley House Hostel in Ayr .
Gail Davidson , prosecuting , told Ayr Sheriff Court : " They knocked on the door several times and there was no reply .
" They used a master key to unlock the door and they then observed the accused wearing only a white t- shirt , naked from the waist down .
" The accused was holding the bike and moving his hips back and forth as if to simulate sex . "
Both cleaners , who were " extremely shocked " , told the hostel manager who called police .
Sheriff Colin Miller told Stewart : " In almost four decades in the law I thought I had come across every perversion known to mankind , but this is a new one on me .
I have never heard of a ' cycle - sexualist ' . "
Stewart had denied the offence , claiming it was caused by a misunderstanding after he had too much to drink .
The bachelor had been living in the hostel since October 2006 after moving from his council house in Girvan .
He now lives in Ayr .
Want to know where to go to college in your state ?
We 've got you covered !
Our state pages compile data for every accredited college in the nation .
Use these guides to learn what online programs are offered in your state and details about each college .
Active soldiers and veterans are important members of American society : soldiers because they fight to keep the American people safe , and veterans because , additionally , they bring their past ...
Every year , thousands of students research colleges and universities to find academic programs and determine the overall quality of the institution .
In some cases , this is fairly easy .
Many traditional brick - and - mortar schools have years to …
Chances are , if you are considering higher education in this day and age , you have encountered just as many online learning options as traditional programs throughout your research .
As college - age students are among the most adept at using technology for nearly every other aspect of their daily lives , it only makes sense that accredited online colleges would ramp up distance education efforts geared toward this demographic .
Online programs have become increasingly diverse and have continued to gain respect among educational institutions in recent years .
A 2015 Survey of Online Learning conducted by the Babson Survey Research Group concluded that the number of higher education students taking at least one distance education course increased by 3.9 % since the previous year , especially at private non-profit institutions .
As schools and students embrace the idea of online learning , more and more employers are following suit ; programs do not differentiate between degrees awarded by online accredited colleges and traditional campus universities .
Just like degrees completed on campus , online programs offer access to the same high - quality instructors , resources , and course materials , but with the added convenience of flexible scheduling that allows students to meet their work and family obligations uninterrupted .
Graduates of accredited online universities are eligible for the same top career opportunities and increased salaries as their campus counterparts , in any field or discipline .
What is Accreditation ?
Educational accreditation is a form of quality assurance that evaluates services and operations provided by educational institutions .
If the external accreditation agency is satisfied that the institution meets its stringent quality standards , the school will receive official accreditation .
While there are various types of accreditation , the process of pursuing accreditation of any kind requires a serious commitment on the part of the institution ; completing this lengthy and involved process ensures that a school is worthy of achieving the approval of a national or regional accrediting agency .
Confirming that your school or program is properly accredited is crucial when researching your education options , and should be at the top of your list of important considerations .
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN REGIONAL ACCREDITATION AND NATIONAL ACCREDITATION ?
Any college or university worth its salt will be accredited by a national or regional agency .
While it may seem confusing that a school can be deemed equally legitimate with either type of accreditation , this is simply because there are different governing agencies and several different types of accreditation ; what is best - suited to one institution or program may not be right for another .
That being said , regional accreditation is older , more stringent , and tends to be more respected , as the designation is awarded by only six regional bodies to schools within in a particular section of the U.S.
Most nationally accredited institutions will accept credit from regionally or nationally accredited institutions , though regionally accredited schools often do not accept credit from nationally accredited institutions .
TYPES OF ACCREDITATION AGENCIES
Types of accreditation can apply to a whole institution ( such as regional accreditation ) or a specific degree program , department , or discipline .
While institutional accreditation should be a given when researching any school , programmatic accreditation may be particularly important for certain fields of study .
Read on for more information on all types of programs offered at accredited online colleges :
Institutional Accreditation
Accreditation for a school as a whole tells you that all departments at a school meet at least minimum standards for general education , and that the school has the necessary support services to help students succeed .
Considerations include class sizes , number of qualified faculty , library resources , and organizational concerns .
This designation does not confirm that a school offers a comprehensive education in a particular field , but instead assures potential students that the institution can meet their general needs .
Specialized / Program Accreditation
While entire institutions can earn regional or national accreditation to ensure that the school as a whole meets educational standards , specific departments and degree programs may also pursue specialized educational accreditation .
Accreditation for a specific program is carried out by organizations that employ experts on the topic and look at the curriculum of the department or degree program , examining whether it keeps up with current developments in the field and make sure that , where necessary , the school has appropriate laboratory equipment or field experience opportunities .
WHO MONITORS ACCREDITING AGENCIES ?
The Department of Education ( DOE ) is the arm of the federal government designated to oversee accreditation in the U.S.
While the DOE itself does not award accreditation , it does authorize federally recognized accreditation agencies to carry out the process and enforce national standards on its behalf .
The DOE maintains a comprehensive database of postsecondary institutions and programs that have received institutional and / or specialized or programmatic accreditation through its national and regional agencies .
The Council for Higher Education Accreditation is the international equivalent of the DOE .
Partnered with the CHEA International Quality Group ( CIQG ) , the organization advocates the same standards in high - level academics and accreditation as the DOE through self - regulation at postsecondary institutions around the world .
Like the DOE , the CHEA provides a way to standardize best practices in higher education and provides an authoritative voice to help students choose a top- quality program in a global location .
Check to make sure your school or program is accredited by the DOE or the CHEA .
Choosing an Accredited Online Program
Researching accredited online colleges can be a daunting task , especially since affordable accredited online colleges are often at the top of any student ’s list of priorities .
Once you ’ve determined your school or program of choice is accredited by an authorized agency , you may also need to consider which other characteristics are most important to you in selecting an online accredited college .
Cost is a major concern for many students , as is flexibility , so be sure to look into potential savings for online study and financial aid opportunities , as well as convenient scheduling and practicum options , especially if you have existing work , childcare , and / or family obligations .
Perception of your college or university is also a concern : does your school and / or program have a positive reputation among its peers within the higher learning community ?
While this may not be at the forefront of your mind during the selection process , it will be of the utmost importance to employers once you ’ve earned your degree and are entering the workforce for the first time .
TYPES OF BACHELOR ’S DEGREES
Types of bachelor ’s degrees vary widely in terms of fields of study .
Curriculum in an undergraduate bachelor ’s program differs depending on the type of career each student hopes to pursue .
The most common high - level bachelor ’s degree categories encompass disciplines in the arts , sciences , and the fine arts , with distinct differences among programs in each of these degrees .
Examples include :
Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) :
The BA is most commonly awarded in a liberal arts discipline , though it may also overlap into a category that could be included in either this or the BS category , such as business .
The primary difference between the BA and BS degree is the type of coursework involved ; BA disciplines tend to encompass more philosophical and less technical study .
The BA is most commonly awarded in a liberal arts discipline , though it may also overlap into a category that could be included in either this or the BS category , such as business .
The primary difference between the BA and BS degree is the type of coursework involved ; BA disciplines tend to encompass more philosophical and less technical study .
Bachelor of Science ( BS ) :
The BS is often regarded as more “ specialized ” than a BA degree ; majors include computer science , biology , and engineering .
Coursework involves technical , career - oriented practice , as opposed to liberal arts concepts .
The BS is often regarded as more “ specialized ” than a BA degree ; majors include computer science , biology , and engineering .
Coursework involves technical , career - oriented practice , as opposed to liberal arts concepts .
Bachelor of Fine Arts ( BFA ) : A BFA is awarded in a specific category of artistic undergraduate study , such as painting , photography , or performing arts .
Considered a highly prestigious award among all types of bachelor ’s degrees , the BFA encompasses mostly visual arts courses , supplemented by some , but less , liberal arts courses than the BA .
IS AN ONLINE DEGREE AS RESPECTED AS AN ON - CAMPUS DEGREE ?
As the digital world has grown up around us in all aspects of our lives , attitudes towards online education have turned increasingly positive in recent years .
In fact , enrollment numbers show college students today are accepting and embracing online learning in full force ; the major increase in student enrollment growth in 2015 ( especially among two - year colleges ) was attributed to distance education , even as overall college student enrollment wavered during that time .
As colleges and universities continue to expand their online offerings and develop innovative programs for distance students , online learning gains more and more respect in the U.S .
Many online accredited colleges offer the same coursework and educational resources as on - campus programs .
“ A degree is a degree ” with no delineation between online or on - campus , according to most schools and employers in this day and age .
A curriculum developed by accredited online universities does , however , include additional provisions that may be more convenient for students to continue to work and take care of their family while earning a degree .
As online accredited colleges are only poised to become more legitimate in the eyes of administrators and academics , career opportunities for graduates also continue to increase in a broad range of fields , disciplines , and industries nationwide .
Applying to an Online Degree Program
Application requirements are different for all accredited online schools .
Regardless of an institution ’s individual guidelines and the program to which you are applying , these are just some of the most common items you may be asked to submit .
( Always check with your school for specific application instructions . )
Resume / Portfolio :
Many academic programs will request a current , updated resume to describe not only your previous education but also academic achievements , extracurriculars , and professional work experience .
A portfolio may be required if you are applying to an art or design program , or an advanced program for which you are expected to have already developed extensive experience in your field .
Many academic programs will request a current , updated resume to describe not only your previous education but also academic achievements , extracurriculars , and professional work experience .
A portfolio may be required if you are applying to an art or design program , or an advanced program for which you are expected to have already developed extensive experience in your field .
Letters of Recommendation : Most programs request letters of recommendation from colleagues , mentors , or teachers to speak to an applicant ’s academic and personal suitability and potential in a program at an accredited online school .
Most programs request letters of recommendation from colleagues , mentors , or teachers to speak to an applicant ’s academic and personal suitability and potential in a program at an accredited online school .
Application Fee :
Though policies differ from school to school , an application fee is common , to cover the cost of officially processing your submission .
Make sure you consult your school ’s website to meet all deadlines and pay the fee in its entirety .
Though policies differ from school to school , an application fee is common , to cover the cost of officially processing your submission .
Make sure you consult your school ’s website to meet all deadlines and pay the fee in its entirety .
Transcripts : Schools typically ask for “ official transcripts , ” or a copy of your permanent academic record that includes courses taken , dates of attendance , major , type of degree awarded , cumulative GPA , and all honors you received .
You will most likely need to request the transcripts be sent directly from your previous school (s ) to the institution you ’re applying to .
TESTS NEEDED TO APPLY FOR AN ONLINE DEGREE PROGRAM
You may be asked to submit test scores as part of your application to accredited online universities .
Though you may be eligible to take either test , depending on your major , you should also check your school ’s application guidelines to see if there is a preference for one test over the other .
The following are the most common tests required of bachelor ’s degree applicants and international students applying to an undergraduate program in the U.S. :
SAT : The SAT is the oldest standardized test in the U.S.
It evaluates writing , critical reading , and math skills of high school students and is a common requirement of college applicants for the majority of general programs at colleges and universities nationwide .
The SAT is the oldest standardized test in the U.S.
It evaluates writing , critical reading , and math skills of high school students and is a common requirement of college applicants for the majority of general programs at colleges and universities nationwide .
ACT : The ACT tests in more academic areas than the SAT , and is increasingly accepted among major colleges and universities for standardized test scores in the U.S. and Canada .
Students are evaluated in English , math , reading , and science , as well as through an optional writing exercise .
The ACT tests in more academic areas than the SAT , and is increasingly accepted among major colleges and universities for standardized test scores in the U.S. and Canada .
Students are evaluated in English , math , reading , and science , as well as through an optional writing exercise .
TOEFL or IELTS : The Test of English as a Foreign Language and the International English Language Testing System are common standardized tests requested of international students applying to a bachelor ’s degree program .
The TOEFL may be more widely known , but tests for English proficiency alone ; the IELTS is specific to students , measuring their proficiency of the language within the context of academia .
Financial Aid Opportunities for Online Students
Students applying to accredited online schools have a wealth of financial aid opportunities at their disposal .
Bachelor ’s degree candidates are especially advantaged in many financial aid categories , even those applying to already affordable accredited online colleges , as many scholarships and grants show favor to first - time , undergraduate students .
The most common types of aid include grants and scholarships ( which do not have to be repaid ) , federal loans ( borrowed aid which does have to be repaid , with interest ) , education tax credits or deductions ( tax reduction to help reduce the cost of higher education ) , and federal work - study ( programs in which students work to help pay for school ) .
Students should complete the FAFSA as a first step , as most schools and programs request submission of this form before determining eligibility for other forms of financial aid .
Average federal financial aid per full time enrolled student for the 2015 - 2016 school year
Type of Aid Average Amount per Student Grants / Scholarships 58 % Federal Loans 33 % Education Tax Credits / Deductions 9 % Federal Work - Study 0.4 %
Source : College Board
SCHOLARSHIPS
Maybe I ’m crazy , but I ’d bet on John McCain to win the Republican presidential nomination .
And the Democrat with the best chance to beat him is John Edwards .
In a way , contemplating the lineup of front - running candidates is a depressing exercise .
From what they ’ve said , no matter who wins , U.S. troops will remain in Iraq for a long time after the election .
A fine mess you ’ve gotten us into , President Bush .
Both McCain and Edwards have been pretty well written off by mainstream pundits .
Edwards gets lost amid the stories about the powerful fundraisers , Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
Recently , however , some of the Clinton fans in the media appear to be suffering from buyer ’s remorse and are taking a more critical look at her .
McCain was dismissed after the summer collapse of his fundraising operation .
His strong support of the unpopular war has hurt him with independent voters .
But he has plugged along , holding a solid second place to Rudy Giuliani in the national polls and remaining competitive with him in polling for the Jan. 22 New Hampshire primary .
The polls are n’t pushing me toward a long - shot bet on McCain .
Like a horseplayer at the races , I ’m always looking for information from someone who sounds smart and has the inside dope , whether it be a trainer or the guy in front of me in the betting window line .
In this case , the person who sounds smart is actually pretty smart .
He ’s Bill Clinton , and here is how he handicapped the Republican race on “ Meet the Press ” Sept. 30 : Giuliani , Clinton said , is “ quite durable , ” while former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney is “ quite appealing . ”
He noted that Giuliani is slightly ahead in national polls , while Romney leads in Iowa and New Hampshire surveys .
The question , Clinton said , is whether Giuliani ’s national lead will help him in the first contests or whether Romney , still trailing nationally , can advance in the early states .
“ There are only two potential surprises , ” he said .
One is the former governor of Clinton ’s home state , Arkansas — and a fellow native of Hope , Ark . — Mike Huckabee , who has turned out to be the best speaker of all the Republican candidates , a talent not reflected by his low standing in the polls .
And then there is McCain .
“ John McCain is getting his second breath , and if the independents in New Hampshire decide to vote in the Republican primary instead of the Democratic primary , he can surprise .
He ’s a very fine man .
He ’s done a lot for the country .
I disagree with him strongly about Iraq .
But I admire him .
Any person would . ”
Just how Republicans and independents feel about the war will determine the success or failure of McCain ’s race for his party ’s nomination .
This is especially true in New Hampshire , where independents can vote in either the Democratic or Republican primary .
Independents helped McCain to a big victory in the state in 2000 .
It will be tough .
Adam Nagourney reported in The New York Times that he found that independents , comprising 45 percent of the New Hampshire electorate , “ have sharply veered Democratic , reflecting growing antiwar sentiment . … ”
But there are also real Republicans voting in the primary , die -hards who have n’t switched to independent .
They tend to be conservative , given to visible displays of patriotism and more inclined to support the war than oppose it .
For example , the latest Washington Post / ABC poll showed that 80 percent of conservative Republicans feel the Democratic Congress has been too aggressive in opposing the war .
The conservative Republican world is foreign to progressive Democrats and many journalists .
They do n’t understand the automatic jaw tightening that comes when a real Republican hears too much criticism of the war .
These Republicans really sing when it is National Anthem time at ballgames .
They admire war heroes .
And John McCain is a war hero .
I think , in the end , he can reach out to the Republican heartland better than that quirky New Yorker , Giuliani , or that overly slick Romney , whose Mormon faith may give these very traditional voters cause to pause and reflect before they cast their ballots .
Like McCain , Edwards is slogging along , usually beneath the notice of the high - powered media .
He must win the Iowa caucuses on Jan. 14 or come exceedingly close to a victory if he is to remain afloat .
The polls show he has a way to go .
Sen. Clinton continues to roll on .
She has plenty of money .
Her husband is a great help .
Up against Obama and the rest of the crowd in the last debate , she looked strong and he seemed weak .
But she ’s also a polarizing figure .
She ’s the one candidate who can be counted on to mobilize the voters — Republican voters , that is .
In June , MSNBC reported that 52 percent of the voters in a Mason - Dixon survey indicated they would n’t consider voting for her .
Her campaign now seems to be directed at changing that dynamic , just as Obama ’s is at transcending race and showing that white and Latino voters will support an African - American .
Edwards comes to the contest without this baggage .
His heritage is a help .
Three of the Democrats ’ post - World War II presidents were Southerners — Lyndon Johnson , Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton .
Edwards is a progressive Southerner who could at least splinter the Republican hold on the South .
He was the first of the Democratic candidates to come out with a health insurance plan , and the proposals of the others are pretty much like his .
He ’s a populist in a country worried about healthcare , job security and economic stagnation .
The decision of John and Elizabeth Edwards to keep campaigning after her cancer recurred probably resonates with the millions of Americans afflicted with terrible illness or injury .
Some may have thought John Edwards should have retreated with his wife to a life of care and convalescence .
I do n’t think so .
Edwards showed guts , and that ’s a pretty good quality in a candidate .
IBM just released an open - source office suite called IBM Lotus Symphony .
Sounds like Yet Another StarOffice distribution .
But I suspect they ’re probably trying to wipe out the memory of the original Lotus Symphony , which had been hyped as the Second Coming and which fell totally flat .
It was the software equivalent of Gigli .
In the late 80s , Lotus was trying very hard to figure out what to do next with their flagship spreadsheet and graphics product , Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 .
There were two obvious ideas : first , they could add more features .
Word processing , say .
This product was called Symphony .
Another idea which seemed obvious was to make a 3 - D spreadsheet .
That became 1 - 2 - 3 version 3.0 .
Both ideas ran head - first into a serious problem : the old DOS 640 K memory limitation .
IBM was starting to ship a few computers with 80286 chips , which could address more memory , but Lotus did n’t think there was a big enough market for software that needed a $ 10,000 computer to run .
So they squeezed and squeezed .
They spent 18 months cramming 1 - 2 - 3 for DOS into 640 K , and eventually , after a lot of wasted time , had to give up the 3D feature to get it to fit .
In the case of Symphony , they just chopped features left and right .
Neither strategy was right .
By the time 123 3.0 was shipping , everybody had 80386s with 2 M or 4 M of RAM .
And Symphony had an inadequate spreadsheet , an inadequate word processor , and some other inadequate bits .
“ That ’s nice , old man , ” you say .
“ Who gives a fart about some old character mode software ? ”
Humor me for a minute , because history is repeating itself , in three different ways , and the smart strategy is to bet on the same results .
Limited - memory , limited - CPU environments
From the beginning of time until about , say , 1989 , programmers were extremely concerned with efficiency .
There just was n’t that much memory and there just were n’t that many CPU cycles .
In the late 90s a couple of companies , including Microsoft and Apple , noticed ( just a little bit sooner than anyone else ) that Moore ’s Law meant that they should n’t think too hard about performance and memory usage … just build cool stuff , and wait for the hardware to catch up .
Microsoft first shipped Excel for Windows when 80386s were too expensive to buy , but they were patient .
Within a couple of years , the 80386SX came out , and anybody who could afford a $ 1500 clone could run Excel .
As a programmer , thanks to plummeting memory prices , and CPU speeds doubling every year , you had a choice .
You could spend six months rewriting your inner loops in Assembler , or take six months off to play drums in a rock and roll band , and in either case , your program would run faster .
Assembler programmers do n’t have groupies .
So , we do n’t care about performance or optimization much anymore .
Except in one place : JavaScript running on browsers in AJAX applications .
And since that ’s the direction almost all software development is moving , that ’s a big deal .
A lot of today ’s AJAX applications have a meg or more of client side code .
This time , it ’s not the RAM or CPU cycles that are scarce : it ’s the download bandwidth and the compile time .
Either way , you really have to squeeze to get complex AJAX apps to perform well .
History , though , is repeating itself .
Bandwidth is getting cheaper .
People are figuring out how to precompile JavaScript .
The developers who put a lot of effort into optimizing things and making them tight and fast will wake up to discover that effort was , more or less , wasted , or , at the very least , you could say that it “ conferred no long term competitive advantage , ” if you ’re the kind of person who talks like an economist .
The developers who ignored performance and blasted ahead adding cool features to their applications will , in the long run , have better applications .
A portable programming language
The C programming language was invented with the explicit goal of making it easy to port applications from one instruction set to another .
And it did a fine job , but was n’t really 100 % portable , so we got Java , which was even more portable than C. Mmmhmm .
Right now the big hole in the portability story is — tada ! — client - side JavaScript , and especially the DOM in web browsers .
Writing applications that work in all different browsers is a friggin ’ nightmare .
There is simply no alternative but to test exhaustively on Firefox , IE6 , IE7 , Safari , and Opera , and guess what ?
I do n’t have time to test on Opera .
Sucks to be Opera .
Startup web browsers do n’t stand a chance .
What ’s going to happen ?
Well , you can try begging Microsoft and Firefox to be more compatible .
Good luck with that .
You can follow the p-code / Java model and build a little sandbox on top of the underlying system .
But sandboxes are penalty boxes ; they ’re slow and they suck , which is why Java Applets are dead , dead , dead .
To build a sandbox you pretty much doom yourself to running at 1/10th the speed of the underlying platform , and you doom yourself to never supporting any of the cool features that show up on one of the platforms but not the others .
( I ’m still waiting for someone to show me a Java applet for phones that can access any of the phone ’s features , like the camera , the contacts list , the SMS messages , or the GPS receiver . )
Sandboxes did n’t work then and they ’re not working now .
What ’s going to happen ?
The winners are going to do what worked at Bell Labs in 1978 : build a programming language , like C , that ’s portable and efficient .
It should compile down to “ native ” code ( native code being JavaScript and DOMs ) with different backends for different target platforms , where the compiler writers obsess about performance so you do n’t have to .
It ’ll have all the same performance as native JavaScript with full access to the DOM in a consistent fashion , and it ’ll compile down to IE native and Firefox native portably and automatically .
And , yes , it ’ll go into your CSS and muck around with it in some frightening but provably - correct way so you never have to think about CSS incompatibilities ever again .
Ever .
Oh joyous day that will be .
High interactivity and UI standards
The IBM 360 mainframe computer system used a user interface called CICS , which you can still see at the airport if you lean over the checkin counter .
There ’s an 80 character by 24 character green screen , character mode only , of course .
The mainframe sends down a form to the “ client ” ( the client being a 3270 smart terminal ) .
The terminal is smart ; it knows how to present the form to you and let you input data into the form without talking to the mainframe at all .
This was one reason mainframes were so much more powerful than Unix : the CPU did n’t have to handle your line editing ; it was offloaded to a smart terminal .
( If you could n’t afford smart terminals for everyone , you bought a System / 1 minicomputer to sit between the dumb terminals and the mainframe and handle the form editing for you ) .
Anyhoo , after you filled out your form , you pressed SEND , and all your answers were sent back to the server to process .
Then it sent you another form .
And on and on .
Awful .
How do you make a word processor in that kind of environment ?
( You really can ’t .
There never was a decent word processor for mainframes ) .
That was the first stage .
It corresponds precisely to the HTML phase of the Internet .
HTML is CICS with fonts .
In the second stage , everybody bought PCs for their desks , and suddenly , programmers could poke text anywhere on the screen wily - nily , anywhere they wanted , any time they wanted , and you could actually read every keystroke from the users as they typed , so you could make a nice fast application that did n’t have to wait for you to hit SEND before the CPU could get involved .
So , for example , you could make a word processor that automatically wrapped , moving a word down to the next line when the current line filled up .
Right away .
Oh my god .
You can do that ?
The trouble with the second stage was that there were no clear UI standards … the programmers almost had too much flexibility , so everybody did things in different ways , which made it hard , if you knew how to use program X , to also use program Y. WordPerfect and Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 had completely different menu systems , keyboard interfaces , and command structures .
And copying data between them was out of the question .
And that ’s exactly where we are with Ajax development today .
Sure , yeah , the usability is much better than the first generation DOS apps , because we ’ve learned some things since then .
But Ajax apps can be inconsistent , and have a lot of trouble working together — you ca n’t really cut and paste objects from one Ajax app to another , for example , so I ’m not sure how you get a picture from Gmail to Flickr .
Come on guys , Cut and Paste was invented 25 years ago .
The third phase with PCs was Macintosh and Windows .
A standard , consistent user interface with features like multiple windows and the Clipboard designed so that applications could work together .
The increased usability and power we got out of the new GUIs made personal computing explode .
So if history repeats itself , we can expect some standardization of Ajax user interfaces to happen in the same way we got Microsoft Windows .
Somebody is going to write a compelling SDK that you can use to make powerful Ajax applications with common user interface elements that work together .
And whichever SDK wins the most developer mindshare will have the same kind of competitive stronghold as Microsoft had with their Windows API .
If you ’re a web app developer , and you do n’t want to support the SDK everybody else is supporting , you ’ll increasingly find that people wo n’t use your web app , because it does n’t , you know , cut and paste and support address book synchronization and whatever weird new interop features we ’ll want in 2010 .
Imagine , for example , that you ’re Google with GMail , and you ’re feeling rather smug .
But then somebody you ’ve never heard of , some bratty Y Combinator startup , maybe , is gaining ridiculous traction selling NewSDK , which combines a great portable programming language that compiles to JavaScript , and even better , a huge Ajaxy library that includes all kinds of clever interop features .
Not just cut ‘ n ’ paste : cool mashup features like synchronization and single - point identity management ( so you do n’t have to tell Facebook and Twitter what you ’re doing , you can just enter it in one place ) .
And you laugh at them , for their NewSDK is a honking 232 megabytes … 232 megabytes ! … of JavaScript , and it takes 76 seconds to load a page .
And your app , GMail , does n’t lose any customers .
But then , while you ’re sitting on your googlechair in the googleplex sipping googleccinos and feeling smuggy smug smug smug , new versions of the browsers come out that support cached , compiled JavaScript .
And suddenly NewSDK is really fast .
And Paul Graham gives them another 6000 boxes of instant noodles to eat , so they stay in business another three years perfecting things .
And your programmers are like , jeez louise , GMail is huge , we ca n’t port GMail to this stupid NewSDK .
We ’d have to change every line of code .
Heck it ’d be a complete rewrite ; the whole programming model is upside down and recursive and the portable programming language has more parentheses than even Google can buy .
The last line of almost every function consists of a string of 3,296 right parentheses .
You have to buy a special editor to count them .
And the NewSDK people ship a pretty decent word processor and a pretty decent email app and a killer Facebook / Twitter event publisher that synchronizes with everything , so people start using it .
And while you ’re not paying attention , everybody starts writing NewSDK apps , and they ’re really good , and suddenly businesses ONLY want NewSDK apps , and all those old - school Plain Ajax apps look pathetic and wo n’t cut and paste and mash and sync and play drums nicely with one another .
And Gmail becomes a legacy .
The WordPerfect of Email .
And you ’ll tell your children how excited you were to get 2GB to store email , and they ’ll laugh at you .
Their nail polish has more than 2GB .
Crazy story ?
Substitute “ Google Gmail ” with “ Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 ” .
The NewSDK will be the second coming of Microsoft Windows ; this is exactly how Lotus lost control of the spreadsheet market .
And it ’s going to happen again on the web because all the same dynamics and forces are in place .
The only thing we do n’t know yet are the particulars , but it ’ll happen .
Not too long ago , if a Congressman dared to withhold cash from the war effort – especially funds for fighting improvised bombs – he would 've been blasted as a traitor .
But the politics of Iraq and Afghanistan have shifted , in all sorts of ways .
And so lawmakers now feel safe in taking a whack at the Pentagon 's controversial bomb - stopping group , the Joint Improvised Explosive
Device Defeat Organization , or JIEDDO .
* Inside Defense * reports that the agency 's $ 500 million budget for next year has been slashed by about 75 percent , to $ 120 million , in Congress ' joint appropriations report .
Congress has been unhappy with the group all year .
In the spring , Senate appropriators complained about JIEDDO 's " exponential growth " and Congress ' " limited visibility " into that expansion .
Lawmakers required JIEDDO to submit a strategic plan to them by mid-August .
The Pentagon says that the plan was handed in ; Congress disagrees .
The Defense Department warned that , without the money , it would n't be able to supply its new crop of explosive - resistant vehicles with the latest bomb - stopping jammers .
Stop " undermining " JIEDDO , the Pentagon growled .
In years past , that might 've been enough to get Congressmen to change their minds .
Not this time around .
ALSO :
* Bomb Battle , Broken Down
* Pentagon Bomb Squad Chief Bowing Out
* Insider : IED Fight Has " Strategic Flaw "
*
Pentagon Bomb Squad : Half Contractor
* Military Security Threat : Bogus Bomb - Zapper 's Bogus Countermeasure
* Danger , PBS !
* " IED Defeat " Group : How Effective ?
* Blimps , Bots , Beams Enlisted for IED Fight
* Bomb -Fighters Defend Progress
* Bombs Still Vex " IED Defeat " Group
* Cash Crunch for Pentagon Bomb Squad
* IED Fight = " McNamara Line " ?
* Pentagon Bomb Squad Under Fire
* Pentagon Bomb Squad a Dud ?
Flexcar and Zipcar , two firms that popularized car - sharing but so far have n't figured out how to make it pay , are merging in the hope that they might turn a profit within a year .
The Washington Post reports that Flexcar , which is led by America Onlinefounder Steve Case , is merging with Zipcar , which is the larger of the two firms .
The idea , Case said , is to quickly expand the market for car - sharing and position the new company – which will be called Zipcar – to go public .
" They 're both in turbo - growth mode , " Case told the Post .
" We think the companies combined will be on a path to profitability in the next year or so , and with rapid and significant expansion will be ready " for an initial public offering of stock .
The two companies were founded in 1999 and lead a field that has grown to include two dozen competitors .
The new Zipcar will serve some 50 cities in 23 states , two Canadian provinces and London .
When the deal is done , the merged companies will have 180,000 members and a fleet of more than 5,000 cars .
The victim , Jordan Manners , was taken to Sunnybrook hospital with critical injuries after the shooting at 2:30 p.m .
The Grade 9 student had suffered a gunshot wound to the chest .
Witnesses say there was a fight outside the school before the shooter followed the victim inside , where Jordan was shot .
Police tape still surrounded the school at 8 p.m. and forensic investigators were expected to work into the night .
The school was due to open again Thursday morning with grief counsellors called in to talk to students and staff .
The victim was found in school hallway , Blair said .
" It 's shocking that such an event can take place in our schools , " he told reporters .
They were in the library with about 30 people .
In the hours after the shooting , several discussion groups popped up on the online network website Facebook.com , with students posting messages dedicated to the young victim .
" I spoke to him this morning and told him to keep up his grades , " said the man , a former teacher .
" He was an amazing handyman .
He could tear apart and put together a bike in minutes . "
An Australian woman 's family cycling holiday in the United States has ended in tragedy when she looked the wrong way while attempting to cross a busy Florida highway .
Elsise Hoath , 60 , made a mistake many Australians do while in America , but her error was fatal .
Instead of looking left before crossing the road , she looked right as she would in Australia , and believing the highway was clear , stepped in front of a fast - moving Nissan Pathfinder 4WD without seeing it .
It was like I was 18 again , and buying rubbers at the hometown Rite - Aid .
I felt the same mixture of exhilaration , panic , and shame as I walked to the counter .
I was terrified somebody might see me , a neighbor or a family friend , and adrenaline was pumping … wherever adrenaline pumps .
” Um , I ’ll take a Baconator , ” I mumbled down the front of my shirt collar .
” WHAT ? ! ” the snaggle - toothed cashier bellowed .
” Baconator , ” I repeated , already a little rattled and losing my nerve .
I knew if all this shouting continued I ’d probably just make a run for it , and leave my car in the parking lot until after closing time .
But she processed my order without further incident , and in a couple of minutes I was handed a white sack with a shockingly heavy weight to it .
And I walked out the door feeling naughty .
The Baconator , in case you ’re not aware , is Wendy ’s new Screw You hamburger , aimed directly at a demographic that wants to get all defiant with its fast food .
Tired of the suffocating healthy - living propaganda , and light choices and whatnot , there ’s a considerable number of people who respond to items which blatantly stick a thumb in the collective eye of hand - wringers and crybabies everywhere .
And if it halts your heart , well mister , that ’s just the way it goes …
You ’ve got to stand up for what you believe in .
I ’m not really one of the Screw You guys .
Not yet , anyway .
I still feel slightly guilty when I order something I know is loaded with fat .
And contrary to popular belief , I give such things at least a passing consideration .
But when I saw the advance advertising for the Baconator , I knew I had to have one .
At least one .
This baby features two quarter - pound beef patties , each breaded in salt , two thick slabs of American cheese , six ( ! ) slices of hickory - smoked bacon , mayonnaise and ketchup … and not a damn thing that ’s healthy .
Heck , there ’s not even a single thin slice of tomato on there , because , I suspect , the Baconator framers felt it might pussify the situation , and maybe alienate the Screw You crowd .
So I took the disgraceful thing home and unwrapped it .
And it was a little smaller than anticipated ; it was no larger than a regular Wendy ’s Double , or something like that .
But boy , was it dense .
It ’s like some kind of optical illusion .
You see it and subconsciously calculate its weight .
But when you pick it up you find that it ’s impossibly heavy .
And here ’s the insidious part : the shit is good .
Real good .
Oh man , I enjoyed every last bite of that bunker - busting , colon - choking hamburger .
I have no doubt half of it ’s still clinging to the walls of my beleaguered bowels , likely furry and fluttering by now , and that my heart is probably starting to resemble a stuffed pepper at this point .
But I was n’t caring about any of that as I lifted that beautiful , delicious burger to my quivering lips .
It ’s all about the rush , man .
But since then I ’ve been doing a bit of research , and have uncovered some amazing information .
For instance , did you know that the Wendy ’s Baconator has roughly the same amount of fat grams as ten Dolly Madison Zingers ?
Apparently it ’s true .
And were you aware it serves up about the same number of calories as ten bottles of Rolling Rock Light ?
Or that it contains approximately the same amount of sodium as 180 Pringles potato chips ?
180 !!
I ’ve taken the liberty of listing some of my findings below .
I 've included well - known foods and the quantities required to equal the fat grams , calories , and sodium content of a single Wendy 's Baconator burger .
Each entry adds up , I believe , to the " nutritional " statistics found at the Wendy 's corporate website .
Sodium ( 1920 mg )
180 Pringles potato chips
132 Doritos Cooler Ranch chips
Calories ( 830 )
10 Rolling Rock Light 12 oz bottles
4 Dodger Dogs
5 7 - Eleven Cola Slurpees 12 oz
3 Chili Dogs from The Varsity in Atlanta
33 tablespoons of Oscar Mayer Bacon Bits
83 Life Saver Five Flavors candies
166 Starbucks coffees of the week 12 oz
4 Krispy Kreme original glazed doughnuts
Enough Pam No -Stick Cooking Spray to cover 138 10 - inch skillets
Fat grams ( 51 )
10 Dolly Madison Zingers
3 orders of A&W cheese fries
4 Dairy Queen banana splits
22 Oreo cookies
51 cups of Froot Loops
10 servings of KFC mashed potatoes with gravy
22 Mrs. Paul's Crunchy Fish Sticks
23 3 Musketeers funsize snacks
1 Sara Lee frozen cheesecake
6 ounces of Oscar Mayer hard salami
19 Chips Ahoy cookies
4 Jimmy Dean Pancake and Sausage on a Stick , chocolate chip flavored
68 Aunt Jemima microwaveable pancakes
Clear !
In addition to the information above , it appears a person would have to do 78 minutes of non -stop vigorous jumping jacks , or walk at 3.5 mph for 2 hours and 45 minutes , to work off the number of calories in that outrageous burger .
But , of course , I did n't do any of that nonsense .
I just ate the thing ( along with a Coke and a full order of fries ) , wiped the grease off my face , my hands , the table , the chair , the credenza , and all the windows on the first floor , then got on the internet for the rest of the day .
And I give the Wendy 's Baconator a solid B+.
Further fast food shenanigans
Apple Inc.'s share of the U.S. personal computer market for the third calendar quarter of 2007 was 8.1 percent , up from 6.2 percent during the same period one year ago , according to preliminary results released from Gartner on Wednesday .
The Cupertino - based company 's U.S. Mac shipments grew 37.2 percent year - over - year — more than twice as fast as any other manufacturer ranked in Gartner 's top 5 PC vendors for the three - month period ending September — helping it snag a spot as the No. 3 U.S. PC vendor overall .
Apple 's US - based Mac shipments during the quarter totaled 1,338,000 , compared just 975,000 during the same time last year .
Hewlett - Packard and Toshiba also posted somewhat healthy growth during the quarter of 16.5 percent and 16.3 percent to garner a 25.7 percent 5.7 percent share of the U.S. market , respectively .
Growth in notebook sales continued to lead the overall U.S. market , Gartner said , with notebook volume exceeding desktops for the first time ever in the third quarter of 2007 .
However , both the home and professional markets registered weaker than expected growth .
" Economic uncertainty around the sub - prime mortgage lending and lower consumer confidence may have played a role in challenges vendors faced in the U.S. market , " said Mikako Kitagawa , principal analyst for Gartnerâs Client Computing Markets group .
" The third quarter is typically a consumer quarter , driven by back to school sales .
However , the preliminary results show that back to school sales were softer than expected in the U.S. market . "
Dell was able to maintain the No. 1 position in the U.S. market although its year - over - year growth rate was well below the U.S. average , declining 5.5 percent .
The decline was mainly attributed to weaker consumer growth .
Apple did not rank in Gartner 's top 5 worldwide PC vendors , No. 5 of which was Toshiba with a 4.4 percent share .
And oil futures have hopscotched to a record high of $ US93.20 a barrel , helped by the weak US dollar .
The currency story is twofold .
The US dollar is spiralling downwards , with further rate cuts anticipated this week .
Moving in the opposite direction is the Australian dollar , which is receiving additional impetus from speculation that the Reserve Bank will raise official interest rates next week .
Last night , the Aussie climbed to a fresh high of US92.72 ¢ and a cohort of currency strategists predict it will reach parity with the US dollar within weeks or months .
The highest the dollar has traded since it was floated on December 8 , 1983 , was US96.53 ¢ in March 1984 , according to Bloomberg .
Sonray Capital Markets chief economist Clifford Bennett — who believes the Aussie could reach $ US1.08 , or even $ US1.12 , within two or three years — said the US dollar was no longer the world 's sole reserve currency .
Investors were looking to diversify their portfolios into a variety of currencies , including the euro , the pound and the Australian dollar , he said .
" There 's been a sea change … the Australian dollar is now seen as a quality asset . "
This change helps explain why the Australian dollar is so high against the enfeebled US dollar , though it has not risen as impressively against other major currencies .
But the Aussie has posted a 23 - year high of 72.4 points on the Reserve Bank 's trade - weighted index , a measure of the dollar 's value against the currencies of Australia 's main trading partners .
AMP Capital Investors ' head of investment strategy and chief economist , Shane Oliver , said the high Australian dollar was good news for consumers , who would pay less for imports .
" Imports account for nearly 30 per cent of consumption goods , notably things like cars , clothing and many electrical goods , " Dr Oliver said .
But he said resource companies , multinational industrials and building material stocks would lose out , as the falling US dollar cut profits .
" With 30 per cent or so of listed company earnings sourced overseas , a 10 per cent rise in the $ A will mechanically cut earnings by about 3 per cent . "
But Commonwealth
Bank commodity strategist Tobin Gorey said the deflating US dollar was also supporting commodity prices , including oil .
Credit Suisse Asia Pacific 's head of rates trading , Sean Keane , said interest rate derivatives showed the market was certain the US Federal Reserve would cut interest rates by 25 basis points early on Thursday , Australian time .
TOUBA , Senegal ( Reuters ) - For Senegalese street sellers from Manhattan to the Vatican , selling fake Prada purses and Chinese - made Gucci sunglasses is as much a question of religious devotion as of making a quick buck .
A vendor carries blankets through the streets of the Senegalese capital Dakar in this May 25 , 2005 file photo .
For Senegalese street sellers from Manhattan to the Vatican , selling fake Prada purses and Chinese - made Gucci sunglasses is as much a question of religious devotion as of making a quick buck .
REUTERS / Finbarr O'Reilly / Files
Many traders are members of the Mouride brotherhood , a branch of African Sufi Islam which has become Senegal ’s most influential religious , political and economic force .
A unique mix of militant capitalism and moderate Islam , its central doctrine of hard work as a means to paradise has led thousands to leave Senegal ’s sunny shores with one goal -- to earn money and send it back to the holy city of Touba .
“ Work and do n’t complain much .
That ’s the only doctrine they have , ” said Moustapha Diao , 53 , a Mouride born in Touba who now lives in Harlem , the heart of New York ’s Senegalese community .
Diao used to peddle goods on Manhattan streets at a mark - up after buying them cheaply in Chinatown .
“ The only network they have is workaholic , ” he said .
Remittances from Mourides abroad have helped the brotherhood grow exponentially since it was founded in the 1880s by Cheikh Ahmadou Bamba , a Muslim mystic , poet and pacifist sent into exile by French colonial authorities who feared his influence .
Known as “ little Mecca ” , the holy city of Touba has grown from a tiny village into the hub of a global network of small businessmen whose trading acumen means the latest gadgets are available in Senegal as quickly as anywhere in the world .
“ My conviction is that if it were n’t for Ahmadou Bamba , I would n’t have all this , ” said Djily Diop , 22 , among fridges , televisions and satellite receivers in his shop in Touba .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
SCHOOL OF HARD KNOCKS
Diop had wanted to finish school and maybe go to university .
But in a country with tens of thousands of graduates unable to find work , his parents encouraged him to go to a Daara , a Koranic school run by a Marabout or religious teacher .
Unemployment is so high that many young Senegalese have risked their lives taking unseaworthy , overcrowded fishing boats to Spain ’s Canary Islands in the hope of finding work in Europe .
“ My classmates went to university for three years and now they are unemployed .
My parents knew ( a Daara ) was the best route , ” Diop said , dressed in gold - coloured robes .
His access to the Mouride network has enabled him to set up a business and will support him wherever he travels .
“ If I go to New York , even if it is someone who does not know me , when I say I am a Mouride he will take me as his brother and share with me , ” he said .
“ What we have in common -- the Marabout -- is more important than family ties , community ties , even the fact we are from the same country . ”
Cheikh Ahmadou Bamba ’s teachings -- notably “ pray as if you will die tomorrow and work as if you will live forever ” -- are learned from an early age by many of his followers .
In the peanut fields around Touba , given by the state to the brotherhood ’s current caliph Serigne Saliou Mbacke , children as young as 10 tend the crops , part of a Daara education based on hard physical labour as well as religious texts .
“ I learned never to get angry .
There were people who beat me but it taught me to be strong , ” said Cheikh Beye , a Daara - educated trader who sells goods sent by his brother from Dubai and China .
“ Mourides want to succeed whatever the cost . ”
POWERFUL BUT TOLERANT
The brotherhood dominates life in much of Senegal .
Homages like “ Djeuredjef Serigne Saliou ” -- thank you Serigne Saliou -- are painted all over brightly coloured buses and taxis .
Bedroom walls and pendants carry images of the movement ’s Marabouts .
Some critics argue the Mourides ’ reverence for Bamba and the Marabouts eclipses their respect for the Prophet Mohammad , one of the pillars of Islam , and say the brotherhood has become too powerful a political force in Senegal .
Bamba ’s followers emphasize the tolerant nature of his teachings .
They say support from Mouride leaders helped keep independence president Leopold Sedar Senghor , a Christian in a predominantly Muslim country , in power .
They regard their readiness to engage other cultures as central to the brotherhood ’s global success .
“ Here , we do not know this fierce form of Islam in which you have to kill others because they do not believe the same as you , because they are Christian or Jew , ” said Cheikh Bethio , one of the most influential of the movement ’s living Marabouts .
“ That is why it hurts us when the West confuses Islam and terrorism , ” he told Reuters as his followers knelt around him in a courtyard near Touba , his brand new Hummer off - roader parked in the shade of a tamarind tree .
Mother Jones has a long , chilling feature on The Judge Rotenberg Education Center , a private radical behavior - modification school based in Canton , Mass .
The school is run by a rogue behaviorist who uses discredited " punishment " techniques — electroshock — on children as young as nine to change their personalities .
Matthew Israel , the school 's $ 400,000 / year executive director , straps homemade , overpowered shock apparatus to children ( including severely autistic and retarded kids ) and has his staff administer strong shocks for even minor infractions .
Some children have been shocked thousands of times a day , and several children have died at the school .
Eight states send troubled children to the school , where " high functioning " kids are " educated " by being sat in front of computers all day , running through automated tutorial programs .
Talking , fidgeting , or acting out during this " school " time is punished with shocks .
Some kids ' shock apparatus misfires , shocking them without any provocation .
The staff are instructed to activate the shock apparatus out of sight of the children , so that they can't mentally or physically prepare for it .
The Rotenberg process lacks any kind of scientific basis , and the school uses a 20 - year - old film of its " successes " to convince parents to send their children to the program — however , some of the success stories in the film are still institutionalized at Rotenberg 20 years after their " cure , " wheelchair bound and in terrible shape .
Then , in June of 2006 , a report produced by the New York State Education Department threatened to destroy the program 's carefully cultivated image .
A group of investigators , including three psychologists , spent five days at the Rotenberg Center and compiled a 26 - page document packed with damning findings .
* Staff shock kids for " nagging , swearing , and failing to maintain a neat appearance " and once threatened to shock a girl who sneezed and then asked for a tissue .
* Some students must " earn " meals by not displaying certain behaviors .
Otherwise they are " made to throw a predetermined caloric portion of their food into the garbage . "
* When students enter and leave the school each day , " almost all " are wearing some type of restraints , such as handcuffs or leg shackles .
* " Students may be restrained " –on a four - point restraint board or chair– " for extensive periods of time ( e.g. hours or intermittently for days ) . "
* Some students are shocked while strapped to the restraint board .
* A " majority " of employees " serving as classroom teachers " are " not certified teachers . "
* Rotenberg 's marketing reps bestow presents on prospective families – " e.g. a gift bag for the family , basketball for the student . "
* Although the center has described its shock device as " approved " by the fda in its promotional materials , it " has not been approved . "
* The facility collects " comprehensive data " on behaviors it seeks to eliminate , but " there was no evidence of the collection of data on replacement or positive behaviors . "
* The facility makes no assessment of the " possible collateral effects of punishment such as depression , anxiety , and / or social withdrawal . "
Link
Carter : ' No doubt '
Gore is the best qualified person for president David Edwards and Jason Rhyne
Published : Friday October 12 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Nobel Peace Prize laureate Jimmy Carter hopes that the newest addition to the exclusive Nobel club -- Al Gore -- might capitalize on his prize win by making a late entry into the 2008 presidential race .
" I 'm delighted , " Carter told MSNBC's Joe Scarborough about Gore 's award , coyly adding that he hoped " this might even encourage him to consider another political event . "
" I do n't think there 's any doubt that Al Gore would be the best qualified person to be the president of the United States , " Carter continued .
" He was obviously elected both in Florida and around the country in 2000 , and I 've always hoped he would be , you know , coming back again sometime . "
Earlier in the interview , the former president praised Gore for his dedication to expanding environmental awareness and said the Nobel was a well - deserved honor .
" I do n't think anyone deserves it more , " Carter continued .
" He has brought to the world 's attention the serious problem with global warming , and he 's presented it in a beautiful and tenacious way . "
Asked later if he was " concerned " by the refusal among leading Democratic presidential contenders to pledge withdrawal of troops from Iraq by 2013 , Carter was measured .
" I do n't agree with their stand , but I do n't want to be in a position of criticizing , you know , the foremost Democratic candidates who might lead our party , " he said .
" I 'd be eager to support any of them against their contemporaries across the aisle who are now advocating war with Iran and those kinds of ridiculous things . "
Even if Al Gore does n't decide to make himself a candidate for president , Carter remains encouraged by the crop of Democrats already in the race .
" I think the Democratic party has put forward a group of superb candidates , " he said , adding that he has " always been very careful since I left the White House not to endorse or support any particular candidate during the primary season , and I 'll maintain that posture . "
" But , " the loyal Democrat continued , " I look forward with eagerness to supporting whichever candidate prevails against any of the Republican candidates . "
The following video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast on October 11 , 2007 .
I will reply to each comment individually .
Hello !
Do n't worry - this is only a test !
Welcome !
I hope you enjoy my pictures on this site .
If you see one you like , please consider leaving a comment to let me know .
If you would like to obtain full - size , un - watermarked versions of any of my images for use as desktop backgrounds or other purposes please contact me at davidsnaturephotography@gmail.com
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The Federal Reserve injected roughly $ 6 billion into the banking system on Thursday .
The Fed carried out three repurchase agreements totaling $ 47.25 billion , according to the Web site of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
The first was a 14 - day , $ 8 billion repo on Thursday morning .
The second was a six - day , $ 20 billion repo roughly an hour later .
The third was a one - day , $ 19.25 billion repo .
The Fed accepted more than $ 20 billion of mortgage - backed securities as collateral in the moves , the Web site said .
Other agreements were expiring , so the Fed ended up adding roughly $ 6 billion in extra liquidity into the system , said Lou Crandall , chief economist at Wrightson ICAP .
Many ( if not most – at least if we count every single project we can find ) open source projects are mostly and primarily developed by volunteers on their spare time .
The volunteers may be professional developers , students , chefs or plumbers .
When they work on their particular pet peeves they do that on time that would otherwise be spent with their family , with friends , sleeping , baking cakes , collecting stamps or similar .
However , when this team of volunteers ( which usually is a very small team in most projects , in fact most projects start with just a single guy or perhaps two in the developer team ) is successful in producing a project or a tool that finds a larger audience something happens .
When more and more professionals out there start using this tool , when companies start to embed and integrate this product into their projects and start to rely on it for business and day to day routines , not only do the guys in the open source project get more patches , bug reports and quite possibly more volunteers joining the project , something else can happen :
Suddenly , the developer team may notice , most of the people that ask questions , have problems , report bugs , post patches are people that are getting paid while doing it !
The project has gotten so popular many companies use it and ordinary employees are set to use it as part of their day time job .
They get paid to use it , to fix it , to install it and to customize it .
The developer team – however – is still consisting of volunteering spare time hacking individuals who do this without any monetary compensation …
Of course , if the projects grow wildly popular they ’re likely to be bought by a company and the dev team or at least a guy or two are likely to be hired by a company to do what he / they were doing , but successful open source projects are n’t really that attractive to companies to buy since they ( the companies ) can instead just collaborate a bit on the side and just use the software fine without having to buy it and without having to employ anyone from there .
Please note that whatever parallels to existing projects I may or may not be part of that you can find or imagine here , I ’m not whining and I ’m not complaining !
This is just me taking notice of what I believe is an interesting paradox happening to some open source projects .
Top neocon urged Bush to bomb Iran during private White House meeting Nick Juliano
Published : Monday September 24 , 2007
Print This Email This Giuliani adviser Podhoretz predicted Bush ' will hit '
Iran before term is up
One of the few remaining neoconservatives in America was recently granted a private audience in the White House to deliver a 45 - minute sales pitch to convince President Bush , accompanied by political deputy Karl Rove , to bomb Iran .
Norman Podhoretz , who is among a dwindling class of aggressive defenders of President Bush 's Iraq invasion , argued the United States needed to bomb Iranian nuclear facilities , the author tells The Politico Monday .
The longtime editor of Commentary magazine , Podhoretz is now serving as a foreign policy adviser to Rudy Giuliani 's presidential campaign .
Although Bush " did n't tip his hand , " Podhoretz says he believes that " Bush is going to hit " Iran before his term ends , The Politico reported .
" I did say to [ the president ] , that people ask :
Why are you spending all this time negotiating sanctions ?
Time is passing .
I said , my friend [ Robert ] Kagan wrote a column which he said you were giving futility its chance .
And both he and Karl Rove burst out laughing , " Podhoretz said .
" It struck me ,  Podhoretz added ,  that if they really believed that there was a chance for these negotiations and sanctions to work , they would not have laughed .
They would have got their backs up and said ,  No , no , it s not futile , theres a very good chance . ?
Podhoretz said his prediction of a US strike is based on instinct , rather than any indication from the president .
His most recent book World War IV : The Long Struggle Against Islamofascism has been praised by conservative talker Rush Limbaugh and defends Bush 's decision to invade Iraq , the Politico reports .
One of the country 's most ardent hawks , Podhoretz was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2004 when criticism of what some were then beginning to see as a quagmire in Iraq began to intensify .
Podhorets has remained steadfast in arguing in favor of US preemptive war , saying in a recent op - ed that he " hopes " and " prays " for an invasion of Iran .
Illusions
The organizational mechanisms of vision are best demonstrated by illusions .
Illusions illustrate that perception is a creative construction that the brain makes in interpreting visual data ….
Learning does not prevent us from being taken in by these illusions .
~ Eric Kandel
We do not see the world as it really is ; perception is always biased by the perceiver ’s motivational state .
Individuals with Mood Disorders and Addictive Disorders are continually taken in by this Soul Illusion and so continue to act counter to their interests .
The images below – while limited to the visual modality – illustrate that perception is an active construction of the mind rather than a valid representation of objective reality .
Default Path [ the Soul Illusion ] >>
In four tidy acts , Michael Moore spells out the facts .
Act one : 50 million Americans have no health cover , and 250 million who think they do , through costly health insurance schemes ( $ 2,000 per person a year ) , are often denied treatment when they need it .
A guy without cover who chopped off two of his fingers in a bout of DIY was presented with an invoice for $ 12,000 to reattach his ring - finger and $ 60,000 for his forefinger .
Being a romantic , and skint , he chose to get his ring - finger back .
Act two : when did it all start going wrong , asks Moore .
The answer : in August 1971 .
President Richard Nixon and his adviser Edgar Kaiser plot to break the system .
" The less care they give , the more money they make , " says Nixon , caught on tape .
They ?
Their friends , the health industry moguls , the same ones who fund the political campaigns of US congressmen .
Moore shows us the price tag on every single one of them .
One in particular , Billy Tauzin , leaves Congress to become CEO of the drug industry 's top lobbying group , PhRMA , with a $ 2 m a year salary .
Meanwhile astute national publicity campaigns have demonised the concept of universal healthcare by associating it with " socialised medicine " , which in American English translates as " Soviet medicine " - the kind such oppressive regimes as Canada , Britain and France have adopted for their citizens .
Act three : Moore pays these regimes a visit .
Britain 's NHS is paid a well deserved tribute , with Tony Benn appearing as the country 's conscience .
Then off to France .
A mother of three explains that her state nanny does the family 's laundry while the creche down the street , with professionally trained staff , costs her 50 p per hour .
Moore concludes his French tour by asking : " Is there a reason why they want to make us hate the French ?
Are they afraid we might want to live like them ? "
Act four , the most powerful : Moore decides to test the US administration 's claim that Guantánamo Bay prisoners get the best free healthcare in the world .
He takes 9/11 volunteer rescue workers , whose health problems were not covered by the state because they were n't on its payroll when they ran to help , to Guantánamo Bay in Cuba .
At least he tries to .
Arriving at the gates , Moore shouts through a loudspeaker : " I have 9/11 sick rescue workers , can you please open the gates ? " A siren begins to wail .
Moore and his troops make off as fast as they can - to Havana .
Where they are treated immediately .
I know what you 're thinking , I know what you 're going to say .
And so what ?
Yes , Michael Moore has an agenda .
No , he is n't among the giants of documentary film - making .
No , he is n't an ordinary journalist .
He is , as he says , the op - ed variety , the kind who is constantly angry .
He has issues with the way of the world and wants to set records straight .
His goal is simply to put universal healthcare back at the centre of the American debate .
And while Moore 's main objective is to reach his fellow Americans , his film should also make Europeans ponder on the system they too often take for granted .
George Orwell would hate it .
But forget about him for a minute .
There may sometimes be such a thing as good propaganda .
· Agnès Poirier , a journalist and film critic , is an independent adviser on British films for the Cannes film festival
agnescatherinepoirier@hotmail.com
G4TV’s Attack of the Show has put together this unbelievably large cabinet for playing classic arcade games .
It ’s so tall that players have to stand on stepladders just to reach the controls .
The cabinet measures in at over 13 - feet tall , and has a 70 - inch screen for massively monstrous gaming action .
I ’d love to have one of these in my basement if it would fit .
Tonight ’s AOTS episode ( running at 7 pm and 11 pm Eastern ) will show off the huge machine in more depth , so be sure to tune in if it ’s not too late .
[ via Engadget ]
Have you been damaged by the FBI raid on the Liberty Dollar ?
Are you mad as hell ?!
If so , you are encouraged to fill out this Form .
There are three ways you qualify for this Class Action Group and compensation for damages :
1. ) If you are owed an order and want to get your money back ,
2 ) Or have paper certificates and want to redeem them for silver ,
3. ) Or have digital Liberty Dollars and wish to redeem them for silver ,
I urge you to demand redemption or the return of your money by joining this Class Action Group ( CAG ) .
Your participation is absolutely critical .
If you do n't join the WSL you will not get your money back .
Please do n't allow the government to steal your money !
Please do n't let this happen !!!
Many of you read the Liberty Dollar web site and articles quoting the government and Federal Reserve officials that the Liberty Dollar was legal .
You did nothing wrong .
The paper certificates are genuine Warehouse Receipts .
They are legal binding contracts .
The government must honor them as they are holding the silver that backs them .
You are legally entitled to your property .
Every Certificate states : REDEEMABLE BY BEARER ON DEMAND .
Likewise the digital Liberty Dollar as also redeemable on demand .
Now is the time for you to demand redemption !
If you have no standing and finally want to get involved , no problem .
There is still $ 20 million Liberty Dollars in circulation .
Simply get some paper Liberty Dollars and sign up for the Class Action Group .
Please join the fight to defend your right to own and use gold and silver as you so chose by signing up for this Class Action Group .
This is the only way you will get your stolen property back .
Now is the time to band together and support our fight for value based currency as never before .
Now is the time for us to help our selves and our great country as it faces the greatest monetary challenge since the Revolutionary War .
Form to follow below ...
My world is steeped in shades of grey .
No , this is not my way of telling you I am clinically depressed ; rather , I ’m simply pointing out the fact that my cartoons are pretty much exclusively black and white .
Until now !
I ’ve polished up an old cartoon of mine and given it the colour treatment , just as an experiment .
And you can get it on a T shirt at my Cafe Press store ( http://www.cafepress.com/therut).
So , I ’ll just leave it at that .
Although I should add that I guess I am KINDA depressed , and buying my T shirt could be the thing that saves me from my bouts of savage self - harming .
Just sayin’ .
Group files ethics complaint against ex-DC Madam client Vitter Michael Roston
Published : Thursday July 19 , 2007 Print This Email This Senator David Vitter , the Louisiana Republican who has admitted to being a client of former ' DC Madam ' Deborah Jeane Palfrey , was accused of violating the Senate 's Code of Conduct by a government watchdog group Thursday afternoon .
" Senator Vitter 's solicitation of at least one prostitute was not merely , as he has stated , ' a serious sin , ' it was a violation of criminal law , " said Melanie Sloan , Executive Director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , which filed a complaint with the Senate 's Ethics Committee .
" The Senate Ethics Committee should commence an investigation into Senator Vitter 's conduct and hold him accountable . "
Unlike the House of Representatives , Senate rules allow outside groups to file ethics complaints against members .
Earlier in the year , the group filed a complaint against Senator Pete Domenici ( R - NM ) for allegations of pressuring former US Attorney David Iglesias over a corruption investigation .
The Committee subsequently took up the complaint .
Washington , DC and Louisiana authorities are likely unable to charge Vitter with any crimes , as he appears to have passed the statute of limitations in both jurisdictions .
However , CREW said that the Senate could still punish the Republican Senator .
" That type of conduct by a Senator has been characterized as ' improper conduct which may reflect upon the Senate , ' " the group said in a statement .
" This rule is intended to protect the integrity and reputation of the Senate as a whole . "
The release went on to state , " Whether or not Sen .
Vitter is ultimately adjudicated to have broken any criminal laws , the Senate may still discipline him for improper conduct as it has other members in the past . "
The group 's complaint can be accessed at this link .
Last updated at 22:17 11 September 2007
One of the world 's most wanted drug lords has been captured hiding in bushes in his underwear .
Colombian authorities are calling the arrest of Diego Montoya , nicknamed The Lord of War , as their biggest drug war victory since the 1993 slaying of Medellin cartel leader Pablo Escobar .
Montoya , who sits with Osama bin Laden on the FBI 's 10 most - wanted list , allegedly leads the Norte del Valle cartel , Colombia 's most powerful and dangerous trafficking organization .
Scroll down for more ...
Defence Minister Juan Manuel Santos , in a press conference at Bogota 's airport , said Montoya was responsible for 1,500 killings in his career .
The FBI had offered US $ 5 million ( £ 2.5 m ) for information leading to the arrest of Montoya , who put up no resistance when the army finally tracked him down in the cartel 's stronghold of Valle del Cauca state in western Colombia .
" Drug traffickers take note : this is the future that awaits you , " Santos said before the heavy - set Montoya limped out of an air force plane wearing plastic handcuffs and escorted by five Colombian commandos .
Montoya was to be questioned in Bogota before being extradited to the United States , a procedure Santos said would take at most two months .
The operation to capture the 49 - year - old Montoya took months of preparation and got the green light before dawn Monday , when commandos raided a farm and caught him with his mother , an uncle and three other cartel members .
Scroll down for more ...
Authorities had been closing in on the cartel since last year , when soldiers killed eight members of a private militia believed to be protecting Montoya , but a wide network of cartel informants had frustrated the search for the alleged drug boss himself .
Another complication has been the cartel 's alleged infiltration of Colombia 's army and navy .
" Colombia 's capture of cocaine kingpin Diego Montoya shows what can be accomplished by a government that is relentless , focused , and skilled in the effort to dismantle threats to its democracy , " said White House " Drug Czar " John P. Walters .
A U.S. indictment unsealed in 2004 against Montoya and Varela said that over the previous 14 years their cartel had exported more than 1.2 million pounds - 600 tons - of cocaine worth more than US $ 10 billion from Colombia to Mexico and ultimately to the United States for resale .
Scroll down for more ...
Colombia is the source of 90 percent of the cocaine entering the United States .
Supplies have remained robust despite record extraditions and coca eradication , and despite " Don Diego 's " capture , history suggests it wo n't be long before someone takes his place .
The anonymously submitted image above is the product of post - production , but it illustrates the possibilities of one of the most compelling kinds of image - making : time lapse photography .
The advent of time lapse photography has made it possible for humans to see the world in a way they never could before , with multiple perspectives on a single object through time .
The following videos , animated picture sequences and still images illustrate the range of creative possibilities afforded by time lapse photography an the amazing possibilities of art in motion .
Above : a lovely sequence of images , taken from various perspectives , but all from the apartment of a single individual in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Above : the timely process of painting a super - sized jet airplane in fast - motion .
Above : a somewhat disturbing illustration of a tomato degrading over time .
Above : a real series of photographs taken across the course of a single day .
Time lapse images can allow us to conceptualize information in unique ways , such as this sped - up day in the life of Google search traffic or can even help explain why celebrity photos look so great .
They are an interesting way of viewing nature , such as the beautiful change of plants over time or even the change of seasons from a single window .
Time lapse photography also provides ways to visualize the amazing capacities of humankind , such as this immense construction project done in just three days or this strange but fascinating online community art project .
Finally , here is some easy - to - do but impressive urban light graffiti done by simply delaying the exposure upon taking the shot .
Be Sociable , Share !
Tags : cities , nature , photos , time lapse
Congress to probe domestic spy satellite use
Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday August 28 , 2007
Print This Email This
The Department of Homeland Security 's top intelligence , privacy and civil rights officials will be called before Congress next week to explain the Bush administration 's plan to dramatically expand the domestic use to spy satellites that can see through clouds , buildings and underground bunkers .
The House Homeland Security Committee will examine whether privacy rights will be violated by the DHS 's creation of a new office to grant expanded access to spy satellite data to a variety of local and federal agencies , including law enforcement .
Rep. Bennie G. Thompson ( D - MS ) wrote to Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff earlier this month inquiring about the spy program .
Under a program approved by the DHS and Office of the Director of National Intelligence , detailed imagery from powerful satellites will be available to domestic security and emergency preparedness agencies to deal with threats ranging from immigration and terrorism to hurricanes and forest fires , the Washington Post reported .
Access to the data will be controlled by a newly created office within DHS , the National Applications Office .
In his letter , Thompson said Congress was not informed of the new program until its existence was revealed in media reports a few weeks ago .
The office is expected to begin granting expanded access to the spy - sattelite data Oct. 1 ; images from the spy satellites were previously limited to domestic use for environmental and geographic purposes , such as creating topographical maps or monitoring volcano activity .
At a hearing next Thursday , Sept. 6 , Homeland Security Committee members will question DHS 's chief intelligence officer Charles Allen , chief privacy officer Hugo Teufel and civil liberties officer Dan Sutherland .
" I need you to provide me with an immediate assurance that upon its October 1st roll out , this program will be operating within the confines of the Constitution and all applicable laws and regulations , " Thompson wrote to Chertoff .
A counterweight at the end of the space elevator will keep the carbon - nanotubes ribbon taut .
Photo courtesy LiftPort Group
To better understand the concept of a space elevator , think of the game tetherball in which a rope is attached at one end to a pole and at the other to a ball .
In this analogy , the rope is the carbon nanotubes composite ribbon , the pole is the Earth and the ball is the counterweight .
Now , imagine the ball is placed in perpetual spin around the pole , so fast that it keeps the rope taut .
This is the general idea of the space elevator .
The counterweight spins around the Earth , keeping the cable straight and allowing the robotic lifters to ride up and down the ribbon .
Under the design proposed by LiftPort , the space elevator would be approximately 62,000 miles ( 100,000 km ) high .
LiftPort is one of several companies developing plans for a space elevator or components of it .
Teams from across the world are set to compete for the $ 400,000 first prize in the Space Elevator Games at the X Prize Cup in October 2006 in Las Cruces , New Mexico .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The centerpiece of the elevator will be the carbon nanotubes composite ribbon that is just a few centimeters wide and nearly as thin as a piece of paper .
Carbon nanotubes , discovered in 1991 , are what make scientists believe that the space elevator could be built .
According to Dr. Bradley Edwards of the Spaceward Foundation , " Previously the material challenges were too great .
But now we 're getting close with the advances in creating carbon nanotubes and in building machines that can spin out the great lengths of material needed to create a ribbon that will stretch up into space " [ ref ] .
" " Under some early plans , leftover construction materials will be used to form the counterweight .
Photo courtesy LiftPort Group
Carbon nanotubes have the potential to be 100 times stronger than steel and are as flexible as plastic .
The strength of carbon nanotubes comes from their unique structure , which resembles soccer balls .
Once scientists are able to make fibers from carbon nanotubes , it will be possible to create threads that will form the ribbon for the space elevator .
Previously available materials were either too weak or inflexible to form the ribbon and would have been easily broken .
" They have very high elastic modulus and their tensile strength is really high , and that all points to a material that , in theory , should make a space elevator relatively easy to build , " said Tom Nugent , research director , LiftPort Group .
A ribbon could be built in two ways :
Long carbon nanotubes -- several meters long or longer -- would be braided into a structure resembling a rope .
As of 2005 , the longest nanotubes are still only a few centimeters long .
Shorter nanotubes could be placed in a polymer matrix .
Current polymers do not bind well to carbon nanotubes , which results in the matrix being pulled away from the nanotubes when placed under tension .
Once a long ribbon of nanotubes is created , it would be wound into a spool that would be launched into orbit .
When the spacecraft carrying the spool reaches a certain altitude , perhaps Low Earth Orbit , it would begin unspooling , lowering the ribbon back to Earth .
At the same time , the spool would continue moving to a higher altitude .
When the ribbon is lowered into Earth 's atmosphere , it would be caught and then lowered and anchored to a mobile platform in the ocean .
The ribbon would serve as the tracks of a sort of railroad into space .
Mechanical lifters would then be used to climb the ribbon to space .
How the Space Elevator Measures Up
If built , the ribbon will represent a modern world wonder , and will be the tallest structure ever built .
Consider that the world 's tallest freestanding tower in 2005 is the CN Tower , which rises 1,815 feet 5 inches ( 553.34 meters ) over Toronto , Canada .
The space elevator would be 180,720 times taller than the CN Tower !
The 62,000 - mile ( 100,000 - km ) long space elevator would rise far above the average orbiting height of the space shuttle ( 115-400 miles /185-643 km ) .
In fact , it would equal nearly a fourth of the distance to the moon , which orbits the Earth at 237,674 miles ( 382,500 km ) .
MYRTLE BEACH , S.C. --
For months , a sophisticated hacker has been stealing the personal data of American corporate executives .
Hot on the hacker 's trail is Joe Stewart .
The former bass - guitarist - turned - cyber - sleuth stumbled onto the case in February .
Since then , the 36 - year - old Mr. Stewart has spent weeks in his office , in a nondescript building next to a half - abandoned strip mall here , virtually chasing the mysterious perpetrator across several continents .
Mr. Stewart early on thought he had traced the scammer to China , then ...
Supercapitalism : The Transformation of Business , Democracy , and Everyday Life by Robert B. Reich Knopf , 272 pp. , $ 25.00
Supercapitalism is Robert Reich ’s account of the way we live now .
Its story is familiar , its diagnosis superficial .
But there are two reasons for paying attention to it .
The author was President Clinton ’s first secretary of labor .
Reich emphasizes this connection , adding that “ the Clinton administration — of which I am proud to have been a part — was one of the most pro-business administrations in American history . ”
Indeed , this is a decidedly “ Clintonesque ” book , its shortcomings perhaps a foretaste of what to expect ( and not expect ) from another Clinton presidency .
And Reich ’s subject — economic life in today ’s advanced capitalist economy and the price we are paying for it in the political and civic health of democracies — is important and even urgent , though the “ fixes ” that he proposes are unconvincing .
Reich ’s theme goes as follows .
During what he calls the “ Not Quite Golden Age ” of American capitalism , from the end of World War II through the 1970s , American economic life was stable and in comfortable equilibrium .
A limited number of giant firms — like General Motors — dominated their predictable and secure markets ; skilled workers had steady and ( relatively ) safe jobs .
For all the lip service paid to competition and free markets , the American economy ( in this respect comparable to the economies of Western Europe ) depended heavily upon protection from foreign competition , as well as standardization , regulation , subsidies , price supports , and government guarantees .
The natural inequities of capitalism were softened by the assurance of present well - being and future prosperity and a widespread sentiment , however illusory , of common interest .
“ While Europeans set up cartels and fussed with democratic socialism , America went right to the heart of the matter — creating democratic capitalism as a planned economy , run by business . ”
1
But since the mid-Seventies , and with increasing ferocity in recent years , the winds of change — “ supercapitalism ” — have blown all that away .
Thanks to technologies initially supported by or spun off from cold - war research projects — such as computers , fiber optics , satellites , and the Internet — commodities , communications , and information now travel at a vastly accelerated pace .
Regulatory structures set in place over the course of a century or more were superseded or dismantled within a few years .
In their place came increased competition both for global markets and for the cataract of international funds chasing lucrative investments .
Wages and prices were driven down , profits up .
Competition and innovation generated new opportunities for some and vast pools of wealth for a few ; meanwhile they destroyed jobs , bankrupted firms , and impoverished communities .
Reflecting the priorities of the new economy , politics are dominated by firms and financiers ( “ Wal - Mart and Wall Street ” in Reich ’s summary ) lobbying for sectional advantage : “ Supercapitalism has spilled over into politics , and engulfed democracy . ”
As investors — and above all as consumers — Americans in particular have benefited in ways their parents could not have imagined .
But no one is looking after the broader public interest .
Investment values have gone through the roof , but “ the institutions that used to aggregate citizen values have declined . ”
Public …
Hired Guns Scott 's game Hired Guns took many years to finish , but was well recieved by the Amiga community .
The PC version did n't do so well , as Doom had already been seen .
EGA Colour Palette
The EGA colour palette had a very limited selection of colours , so the choice of how to colour the lemmings was limited by the PC version .
Original Disk
The original demo by Russell ; he even dated it !
And yes , the first demo was on the PC , not the Amiga .
The Complete History of
Lemmings
By
Mike Dailly
( revision : 8 ) The Lemmings Anim Lemmings started life as a simple animation back in August 1989 when DMA Design had just moved into their first office ( which only consited of 2 small rooms ) , and were begining a new game called Walker ( based on the walker that was used in Blood Money ) .
Scott Johnson ( author of Hired Guns on the Amiga ) had just been hired as a freelance artist after being rescued from a 2 week streach behind the counter at MacDonalds , and assigned the task of creating the graphics for Walker .
After building the walkers head , he set about drawing little men for the walker to shoot at in a 16 by 16 pixel box .
I however maintained that they could be done in less ; 8 by 8 - or so I thought .
One lunchtime I borrowed some one 's Amiga ( probably Gary's , although it might have been a spare ) , and set about trying to prove him wrong .
The resulting image is shown above , which only took an hour or so to make .
I created the men at the bottom , the gun , and the 10 ton weight .
Once everyone had seen it had a good old laugh , Gary Timmons added the mouth , the clapping hand and the rotating thing - and everyone had another chuckle .
Gary also made significant improvements to the character , and you can see Gary 's almost complete lemming , just right of the chewing mouth .
My one , is a bit " stiff " , while Gary 's is clearly the one that was used in the game .
The Original Lemmings Demo .
It was actually Russell Kay ( author of PC lemmings ) , that first laughed " There 's a game in that ! " rather than Dave Jones , he's also the one that did the first demo which was shown to Psygnosis in late September of 1989 at the PCW show .
It was also Russell that coined the phrase " Lemmings " when talking about these little guys .
The demo itself came about for a couple of reasons ; first I had just done the animation , and Russell was keen to use the little guys in something , but the second reason is probably the more interesting .
Russell and Dave were having a discussion about weapons in Blood Money , and Dave was thinking of adding " salamander " style missiles that followed the landscape , but did n't really know how best to implement it .
Russell however , had figured out a way , and used the Lemmings to demonstrate it .
Dave decided against it though , and added the bombs that are in there today .
Theres been much debate over the choice of colours as well , but the colours were selected , not because they were the easiest to choose , but because of the PC EGA palette .
With the limited choice , it was decided the green hair was nicer than blue , and with that , the final Lemming was born .
I was actually the next person to code up a demo on the Commodore 64 , but I only got so far as having a single Lemming walking over the landscape before Dave put me onto another project .
The Earth and Rock style .
Dave was now at a lose end after just losing the race to build the first Amiga Action Replay cartridge , and so decided he now had time to start another game , and finally picked Lemmings - which is probably the best decision he ever made .
After coding the defender style explosion , Brian Watson ( who wrote most of the Atari ST version - I started it ... he did most of it ) , almost fell backwards off his chair laughing !
Gary did all the animations , and Scott drew all the background .
This was mainly because Gary insited that he could n't draw backgrounds , so Scott produced the first earth and rock style , and Dave decided to let him do them all .
Gary meanwhile , set about creating the animations the game needed .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - For Chris Gardner , who was played by Will Smith in the movie “ The Pursuit of Happyness , ” fatherhood is the greatest job in the world .
Chris Gardner , whose life the movie is based on , attends the world premiere of ' The Pursuit of Happyness ' at the Mann Village theater in Westwood , California in this December 7 , 2006 file photo .
For Gardner fatherhood is the greatest job in the world .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni
“ There ’s no pay .
There are no benefits .
You do n’t get time off .
You do n’t get a break , ” he said .
“ But once in a while you get to see your child shine and you say to yourself , ‘ That ’s my boy .
That ’s my girl . ’ ”
It is also a job that Gardner and others believe is increasingly in trouble in the United States , even as the country gives its annual Fathers Day salute on June 17 .
More than 19 million children -- about one in four -- were living in households where no father , biological or other , was present , according to a Census Bureau report in 2005 .
The statistics also show that this burden falls more heavily on black children .
Some 56 percent of black children lived in single - parent families in 2004 , with most of those families headed by mothers .
That figure compared with 22 percent of white children and 31 percent of Hispanic children .
“ Father absence in the African American communities , across America , has hit those communities with the force of 100 hurricane Katrinas , ” said Phillip Jackson , executive director of the Chicago - based Black Star Project , which helps children in mainly minority schools .
“ It is literally decimating our communities and we have no adequate response to it . ”
Among those who grew up without a father is Gardner , the subject of the movie “ The Pursuit of Happyness . ”
The movie tells how he struggles with homelessness and raising a child while trying to pursue a new career as a stockbroker in training .
Gardner is now the millionaire head of investment firm Gardner Rich & Co. and a motivational speaker .
For groups like the Black Star Project , the focus is on education , sponsoring activities such as getting fathers to walk to school with their children on the first day of classes each year .
Last year an estimated 300,000 men in 127 cities participated that first day of school effort called the “ Million Father March ” and this year the group hopes to see nearly half a million men in 200 communities .
“ The children start thinking , ‘ Wow , my father is here .
This thing called education , this must really be important because my father took the time off to come up here ’ , ” Jackson said .
Jackson said it has taken decades for fathering to decline to its current state , and restoring it would be a long process .
“ We ’re not going to wake up tomorrow or next year and say ‘ Voila !
We ’re back to where we were , ’ ” he said .
In 2006 , the National Fatherhood Initiative in Gaithersburg , Maryland commissioned the University of Texas at Austin to conduct a survey of 701 fathers called “ Pop ’s Culture : A National Survey of Dads ’ Attitudes on Fathering . ”
It found that 91 percent of those questioned agreed there is a father - absence crisis in America .
They listed work demands as the No. 1 barrier to being a good father .
Other major impediments included the media and popular culture followed by financial problems .
Fathers who were not married to the mother of their children cited a lack of cooperation from mothers as the chief obstacle to being a good father , followed by work responsibilities , financial problems and treatment of fathers by the courts .
Roland Warren , president of the National Fatherhood Initiative , said that children in fatherless households are more susceptible to life ’s challenges .
“ They are two to three times more likely to use drugs , become teen parents , be connected with the criminal justice system , to fail in school or to live in poverty , ” he said .
Gardner credits his uncles with being positive male figures in his life .
“ I had a very abusive stepfather .
I made a decision at 5 years - old that when I became a man and had children no one would ever talk to my children , treat or terrorize them as I was , ” he said in an interview .
% of all
players
Total achievements : 22
You must be logged in to compare these stats to your own
Still , paintball players must continue to unscrew their guns ’ compressed - gas cylinders for recharge during play and at the end of the day .
The valve design that proved deadly in the Contois case can loosen on the side that keeps gas under pressure in the cylinder .
A player can then unwittingly release the valve , turning a charged cylinder into a dangerous rocket .
The problem is compounded by young paintballers ’ frequent modification of carbon - dioxide - powered guns , in which a part called an antisiphon device is added to prevent jamming and increase the weapons ’ performance .
One such modification had been made to the gun whose cylinder killed Ms. Contois .
Rather than carbon dioxide , many guns now use compressed air .
Because an antisiphon device has no role to play in these guns , they do not inspire modification , though their cylinders too can cause accidents .
While manufacturers have designed better valves since Ms. Contois ’s death , by all accounts hundreds of thousands of the older ones are still used by paintballers .
“ There ’s no way to reach them , because we do n’t know who they are , ” said J. J. Brookshire , chairman of the paintball subcommittee of ASTM International , a group that sets voluntary standards for a wide variety of products and services .
Mr. Brookshire said that the industry had improved consumer information about this and other safety issues and that technicians at the centers where paintballers must go to refill cylinders are trained to spot loose valves or those of old design .
Further , standard 20 - ounce carbon - dioxide cylinders must be refurbished or replaced every five years , a timetable that will eventually eliminate the old valves .
Image Mark Contois and his wife , Colette , who was killed in an accident at a paintball park .
Yet any canister under pressure can be dangerous .
“ This is certainly the most dangerous hazard ” for paintballers , said Scott J. Wolfson , a spokesman for the Consumer Product Safety Commission .
After accidents that were caused by a faulty valve mechanism different from the one in Ms. Contois ’s death , Brass Eagle Inc. of Bentonville , Ark. , recalled 243,000 of its paintball guns .
Those guns , safety commission officials said , had been responsible for at least 73 accidental gas - cartridge ejections , in which seven people were injured .
Before Mr. Comey ’s testimony , the White House had largely been able to fend off aggressive oversight of the N.S.A. wiretapping program since it was first disclosed in December 2005 .
The Republican - controlled Congress held a series of hearings last year , and even considered several legislative proposals to curb the scope of the eavesdropping .
But Mr. Cheney repeatedly pressured Republican Congressional leaders to pull back without forcing the administration ’s hand .
When the Democrats won the 2006 midterm elections , many political analysts predicted that the N.S.A. program — which a federal judge declared unconstitutional — would be one of the first Bush administration operations to undergo new scrutiny .
But in January , administration officials announced that it was placing the program under the legal framework of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , a move it had previously refused to consider .
The Democrats have largely focused on objections to the war in Iraq in their first months in power , and had appeared reluctant to take aggressive steps to challenge policies on harsh interrogation practices , secret Central Intelligence Agency prisons and wiretapping without warrants , for fear of being labeled soft on terrorism .
For instance , at a confirmation hearing June 19 for John A. Rizzo as general counsel of the C.I.A. , no member of the Senate Intelligence Committee directly challenged the agency ’s practices of secret detention or harsh interrogation .
Mr. Rizzo successfully dodged the tougher questions by saying he preferred to answer them in closed session .
The Senate Intelligence Committee has conducted closed - door oversight of the N.S.A. wiretapping program , but it has not been as aggressive as the Judiciary Committee in publicly challenging the administration over it .
But Mr. Comey ’s testimony has given Democrats an opening to argue that they are focusing on the legal issues involved in the program , rather than on the merits of monitoring the phone calls of suspected terrorists .
“ The Comey testimony moved this front and center , ” said Senator Charles E. Schumer , the New York Democrat who is a member of the Judiciary Committee .
“ Alarm bells went off .
His testimony made it clear that there had been an effort to circumvent the law . ”
Court Bans Christian Cross in the Middle of Public Lands
September 9 , 2007 at 2:21 am | Posted in Atheism , Beliefs , god , government , Religion | 7 Comments
An eight foot tall cross that has stood atop a hill in the Mojave National Preserve in California is finally coming down .
In 2002 or 2004 ( depending on where you read ) a U.S. District Court found the presence of the cross to be in violation of the First Amendment ’s separation of church and state clause and ordered the cross removed .
In response the good ol ’ boys of congress pulled a fast one to preserve the cross by enacting a one acre land exchange , transferring the property around the cross to private ownership .
Luckily this case went before a judge who had the good sense to rule that the government could not evade the law by way of the above land exchange .
“ A grave constitutional injury already exists , ” Judge Margaret McKeown wrote for a three - judge panel that upheld a lower court ruling .
“ The permitting display of the Sunrise Rock cross in the Preserve is an impermissible governmental endorsement of religion .
“ The government ’s long - standing efforts to preserve and maintain the cross atop Sunrise Rock lead us to the undeniable conclusion that the government ’s purpose in this case is to evade the injunction and keep the cross in place , ” the judge said .
“ Carving out a tiny parcel of property in the midst of this vast Preserve – like a donut hole with the cross atop it – will do nothing to minimize the impermissible governmental endorsement . ”
For more on this : ( new windows )
Court bans Christian cross on private land in public park
Government Loses Latest Battle Over the ‘ Mojave Cross ’
FOX Opinion Channel 's Resident Hack , John Gibson , gets Tuesday 's top honor for hosting right - wing nutjob columnist Stu Bykofsky -- who called for another 9/11 to " unite " the county -- and mocking Jon Stewart 's heartfelt opening monologue after the 9/11 attacks .
Download Download
These people really do have no shame .
Update : John Amato : " I 'm sure he 'll call his pal Stu - - - maybe invite him over for a few drinks while they play " pick the American city " they hope will be attacked by terrorists .
Now Gibson is crying with his producer named ... get this ... " Angry Rich " ... because MM called them out on it .
Count me in Gibby .
Making fun of the horror Stewart felt was childish and mean . "
Please be polite :
The John Gibson Show
1211 Avenue Of The Americas
18th Floor
New York , NY 10036-8701
Phone : ( 212 ) 301-3000
E-mail : gibsonradio@foxnews.com
Updated at 11:15 p.m. EDT , Sept. 16 , 2007
As expected , attacks have increased during the Ramadan holiday .
At least 120 Iraqis were killed and 73 were wounded in the latest violence .
Although many of the dead were suspected militants , several bombings targeted civilians .
Also , hundreds of bodies were discovered in mass graves dating to the Saddam regime .
No casualties were as yet reported in a pair of armed attacks against British troops in the Basra area .
Five mass graves were discovered in the Amara area .
The graves date from the early 1990s and contain the remains of over 300 people .
In Baghdad , 12 unidentified bodies were recovered .
A clash involving American security contractors left nine Iraqis dead and 19 more wounded in the Mansour district .
A separate boming in the neighborhood killed two and wounded five others near al - Rahman mosque .
In al - Harthiya , a roadside bomb killed one and wounded three more .
An IED explosion in Ma’moun killed one person and injured two more .
Gunmen killed two officials , one from Bayaa and one from Doura .
Also , mortar fire near al - Shabb stadium killed one and wounded three others .
Suspected al - Qaeda militants killed 14 and wounded ten in a pair of villages near Muqdadiya and torched a number of shops .
Three children were among the dead .
A suicide bomber at a Tuz Khormato cafe killed eight and wounded 22 others .
In Mosul , gunmen killed a Sunni preacher , who belonged to the Kurdish Islamic Union .
A roadside bomb killed two policemen in Tal Afar .
In Baquba , gunmen hijacked an ambulance carrying eight people .
Two people were killed and four were wounded during a mortar attack in Samarra .
A child was among the dead .
Militants attacked Hilla tribesmen , killing two and wounding three others .
The bodies of two kidnap victims were later found .
In Kirkuk , a guard and a pedestrian were wounded during a roadside bombing that was detonated near a Kurdistan Democratic Party ( PDK ) motorcade .
A young boy was kidnapped when a truck he was sitting in was stolen .
A pharmacist was assassinated in Rumeitha .
He was a member of the al - Sadr movement .
A police colonel was shot and killed in Ifech .
The 12 - year - old son and the father of an unspecified Sadrist leader were killed during a U.S. - Iraqi raid on the Sadrist ’s home in Diwaniya .
A police officer was killed in a separate incident .
The Iraqi army killed 47 suspects and arrested 21 in different locations .
U.S. forces reported capturing a suspect responsible for killing Abu Risha last week .
Also , a school in Qarah Tappa was blown - up three days before final exams .
U.S. forces killed eight suspects and arrested seven in areas around Baghdad .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
By MICHAEL LEA
Unemployment crisis :
Six million Britons live in homes where nobody has a job
Six million Britons are living in homes where no one has a job , shocking official figures revealed today .
They include almost 1.8 million children , one in seven of all under 16s , growing up in households entirely dependent on state handouts .
Experts say these youngsters are more at risk from drifting into a life of joblessness , poverty , ill - health and crime .
This army of families on welfare - costing taxpayers nearly £ 13 billion a year in benefits - has been untouched by a decade of Labour 's efforts to get them into work , critics claim .
In total , the number of homes where no one works has risen by 43,000 in the past five years to a shade over three million - nearly one in six of all UK working - age households .
They cover almost 4.3 million adults , excluding pensioners , and the 1.77 million children , of whom 1.2 million live in lone parent households .
According to analysis by the Office for National Statistics of the Labour Force Survey of employment for the three months to June this year , more than one in 10 - 11.4 per cent - of the entire workforce is living in workless households .
Yet until recently , Britain has enjoyed an expanding economy which has helped produce record levels of employment .
However evidence has been piling up that millions of Britons have been content to spend entire lives on benefits while four out of every five new jobs have been taken by immigrants .
' This is a shocking indictment of the Government 's failure to tackle child poverty , ' Tory welfare reform spokesman James Clappison said .
' Britain now has the highest number of children in poverty in Europe .
If nearly 1.8 million children are growing up in households with no one in work , they are potentially being condemned to a cycle of low achievement and unemployment . '
There are 2.8 million children living in poverty when measured before housing costs are taken in account - the Government 's preferred method .
After housing costs , there are 3.8 million .
Last year , the figure rose by 100,000 before housing costs and 200,000 after .
With the country now in the grip of an economic downturn and growing fears of a recession there are now worries the number of ' workless households ' will surge .
The study , Work and Worklessness Among Households , also found that 40 per cent of all single - parent families have no one in employment , while the rate of worklessness among couple households was just five per cent .
Meanwhile , the employment rate for lone parents is 56.3 per cent , compared with 71.7 per cent for married or cohabiting mothers .
The findings are likely to be seized on by the Tories as proof that marriage needs to be recognised with tax incentives .
David Cameron is considering reintroducing the Married Couples Tax Allowance , which was scrapped by Gordon Brown , while he was Chancellor , in 2000 .
Mr Brown has hailed Labour 's New Deal schemes and other welfare - to - work programmes as a success , claiming they have helped 1.8 million people find jobs .
However , a damning report by an influential Commons committee earlier this year , found that the Government still cannot say how many benefit claimants are jobless because they cannot work , and how many because they will not work .
The New Deal for Lone Parents cost taxpayers £ 40 for everyone it found a job for in 2006 , the MPs said .
The New Deal 25 Plus cost £ 360 per job and the New Deal for Young People cost £ 390 a job .
The most spectacular failure was the New Deal for Partners , aimed at finding jobs for the domestic partners of long - term benefits claimants .
In 2006 , it found jobs for only 61 people at a cost to the taxpayer of £ 1,100 each .
A ' working - age household ' is one that includes at least one person aged between 16 and 59 , for women , or 64 for men .
Workless households are where at least one working - age person lives but no one over 16 is employed .
LibDem work and pensions spokesman Jenny Willott said : ' These figures paint a sobering picture of the mounting unemployment problem that will put extreme pressure on our welfare system .
' The number of working households has slumped for the first time under this Government and the number where at least one adult is out of work is at a ten year high .
' We need a simple , fair and effective welfare system that provides tailored support to help people get back into work . '
But on September 12 last year someone using a computer in the NSW Premier 's Department - which includes Mr Iemma 's office and those of his cabinet ministers - removed all traces of the outburst from Wikipedia .
The revelations come thanks to a new website , Wikiscanner , which traces the digital fingerprints of those who make changes to entries in Wikipedia .
The Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet was found to have made 126 edits on subjects ranging from the children overboard affair to the Treasurer , Peter Costello .
On June 28 an employee of the department modified Mr Costello 's entry to remove a reference to the nickname " Captain Smirk " .
And in an embarrassing act of vandalism , another employee last year modified an entry on a style of martial arts to add the sentence " Poo bum dicky wee wee " .
Meanwhile , in the Premier 's department , an employee edited Bob Carr 's entry to change a sentence which read " The Bank reportedly pays him $ AUD500,000 per annum " to " Media reports claimed that someone of Mr Carr 's experience would be likely to be paid around $ AUD500,000 per annum , but neither this nor any other figure has been confirmed by the Bank or Mr Carr " .
And on July 1 someone in the department stepped in to clean up abuse targeted at Morris Iemma on the NSW Department of Education and Training entry .
The Opposition Leader , Kevin Rudd , appeared on Channel 7 this morning to accuse Prime Minister John Howard of " engaging public servants to change Wikipedia " .
" My own personal staff , I 'm sure , look through Wikipedia to make factual changes , no excuses about that , but using public service departments to make sure the truth is delivered according to Howard ? , " he said .
" It is entirely legitimate for your personal political staff to make changes of a factual nature , but to engage public servants to go out there and re-edit history , it strikes me as odd to say the least . "
A spokesman for Prime Minister John Howard said he did not ask any of the staff of his department to make any changes or edits to Wikipedia .
A spokesman for Mr Iemma said he did not initiate any of the edits traced back to the NSW Premier 's Department and they could have been made by any of the 4000 State Government employees on the network .
Some changes made by staff in the Premier 's department were not political in nature but could be considered pure vandalism .
In the entry for the " Sydney Roosters " football club , a departmental employee repeatedly replaced all of the text with sentences claiming the history of the club " revolves around them promoting mens heath care and skin cleansing products " and that they " base their pride on things such as stealing players from other clubs and calling them their own , and cheating the NRL salary cap and getting away with it because no one gives a Shit about them " .
Around the same time in July this year , someone on the same network updated Bulldogs player Willie Mason 's entry with the sentence : " Mason used to have a huge afro hair - style that made him appear over 200 cm tall . "
Ron Popeil might be right about the benefits of juice .
According to a new study of 2,000 people , the risk of developing Alzheimer 's was cut by 76 percent among those who drank fruit or vegetable juice more than three times a week .
Among those who drank juice once a week , the risk was reduced by 16 percent .
The study focused on 1,836 dementia - free people in Seattle beginning in 1991 .
They were tracked by questionnaires on their lifestyle and eating habits , as well as by cognitive function tests that were conducted every two years .
Although the scientific community had long thought that antioxidant vitamins like vitamins C and E or carotene had protective benefits against Alzheimer 's , the study confirmed their belief that " there was maybe something else , " Dr. Dai , the study 's principal investigator said , pointing to polyphenols , natural antioxidants found in juice , tea and wine .
Polyphenols appear to impact the formation of amyloid plaque , the material associated with the morbidity of the disease " Animal studies and cell culture studies confirmed that some polyphenols from juices showed a stronger neuroprotective effect than antioxidant vitamins .
So we are now looking at polyphenols , " Dai said . read the abstract in situ
Often , after the camera is turned off , the conversation continues and , on occasion is truly interesting .
Of course , as you could image , Joe , Erik and I continued to chat about concurrent programming , functional languages , the future of hardware - software interaction , etc , when I turned the camera off after part 1 of this interview with the creator of Erlang , Joe Armstrong .
Rather than let the conversation evaporate into the ether of time and space , I decided to turn the camera back on and record a second part .
I am sure glad I did !
This time around , Erik Meijer sits down in the other hot seat and we embark on a fascinating conversation about the future of programming in an increasingly , from a modern hardware + software perspective , concurrent world .
Joe is outspoken on the topic of objects and mutable shared state , as you know from part 1 of this interview ( and if you understand Erlang , obviously ) .
He 's also got some really interesting ideas on programmable hardware ...
In this interview , you will also learn what got the great Erik Meijer interested in programming and languages .
It 's a really interesting story .
Tune in .
This is another compelling conversation with some of the industry 's most innovative thinkers .
Enjoy !
Joe Armstrong is the principle inventor of the Erlang programming Language and coined the term " Concurrency Oriented Programming " .
He has worked for Ericsson where he developed Erlang and was chief architect of the Erlang / OTP system .
In 1998 he left Ericsson to form Bluetail , a company which developed all its products in Erlang .
In 2003 he obtain his PhD from the Royal Institute of Technology , Stockholm .
The title of his thesis was " Making reliable distributed systems in the presence of software errors . "
Today he works for Ericsson .
He is author of the book Software for a concurrent world : ( Pragmatic Bookshelf - July 15 , 2007 ) .
He is married with 2 children , 2 cats and 4 motorcycles and would very much like to sell his Royal Enfield Bullet and replace it with a Norton Commando .
A study by nutritional scientists at the University of Kentucky has proved conclusively that there is a definite link between obesity in children and the ingesting of large amounts of fatty food , such as cakes , burgers and more cakes .
The findings are proving controversial for some who believe that being excessively overweight was due to either genetic , hormonal or psychological factors .
‘ I felt sure my daughter was so huge because of an under active thyroid , or an over active one , ’ said Lauren Tonatchwik , mother of 19 stone Tammy , aged six .
‘ It never occurred to me that it might be connected to the eight milkshakes and fourteen candy bars she eats a day , inbetween KFC Bargain Buckets . ’
The relationship between the eating of the food and the subsequent weight gain is complex , but in essence it appears that the more a child eats the greater the likelihood of them becoming obese .
Furthermore , it is claimed that sitting around all day on a sofa watching television seems to do nothing to shift the weight .
One overweight child said , ‘ My Mom ’s obese , my Pa ’s obese , My Grandpa ’s obese and my Grandma was obese until she died of a heart attack when she was 48 , so do n’t go telling me it ai n’t got nothing to do with genetics . ’
Encouraged by the research scientists at Kentucky University are now looking in to whether a similar link exists in adults , and are feeding a carefully selected sample of willing volunteers dozens of burgers , shakes , donuts and chocolate bars every day .
‘ Our plan was to compare their weight gain to all the other people in the state , but it ’s still kinda hard to tell them all apart . ’
Ivor Baddiel
The reduction was small but " noteworthy " , researchers say
Patients in a pilot study found they had less fatigue when eating dark chocolate with a high cocoa content than with white chocolate dyed brown .
Researchers from Hull York Medical School said the results were surprising but dark chocolate may be having an effect on the brain chemical serotonin .
Experts said patients should consume chocolate in moderation .
Chronic fatigue syndrome ( CFS ) , also known as ME , is a condition with a diverse range of symptoms but particularly characterised by profound muscle fatigue after physical exertion .
If you derive benefit , then it's a no harm , no risk situation
Professor Steve Atkin
Study leader Professor Steve Atkin , an expert in endocrinology , said the idea for the study came after a patient reported feeling much better after swapping her normal milk chocolate for dark chocolate with a high cocoa solid content .
He decided to see if other patients would benefit and carried out a trial of 10 patients who received a daily dose - 45g - of dark chocolate or white chocolate dyed to look like dark chocolate for two months .
The patients then had a month off before taking the other type of chocolate for two months .
Those taking dark chocolate reported significantly less fatigue and reported feeling more fatigue when they stopped eating it .
Polyphenols
Professor Atkin said he was very surprised at the strength of the results .
" Although it was a small study , two patients went back to work after being off for six months . "
He explained : " Dark chocolate is high in polyphenols , which have been associated with health benefits such as a reduction in blood pressure .
" Also high polyphenols appear to improve levels of serotonin in the brain , which has been linked with chronic fatigue syndrome and that may be a mechanism . "
He added that although more research was needed to confirm the findings , patients would not do themselves any harm by eating small amounts of dark chocolate and no - one in the study put on any weight .
" If you derive benefit , then it 's a no - harm , no -risk situation . "
Jane Colby , executive director of The Young ME Sufferers Trust said it was important to distinguish between ME and other types of fatigue .
" But a little bit of what you fancy does you good - if it 's not doing you any harm and it seems to be helping you then fair enough but I do n't think it 's an instant cure . "
She added that people needed to eat chocolate in moderation to ensure they do not put on weight .
Heather Walker , Communications Manager , Action for ME , said : " Would n't it be wonderful if eating chocolate every day could alleviate the symptoms of chronic illness ?
" If it were that easy , there would not be 250,000 people in the UK today whose lives are being been devastated by ME . "
The researchers stressed the chocolate formulation used in the study was not currently available to the public .
The promise of open source software is best quality , flexibility and reliability .
This is the updated list of the best open source software .
The only way to have TRUE “ Open Source Windows ” is to have all equivalent native Windows programs uninstalled and removed .
Most Popular
Azureus – implements the BitTorrent protocol using Java and comes bundled with many features : Multiple torrent downloads , upload and download speed limiting , both globally and per torrent , advanced seeding rules , adjustable disk cache , only uses one port for all the torrents , UPnP sets the forward on your router and more …
FeedReader – is a news aggregation solution that provides robust , state - of - the - art features in an intuitive , user - friendly environment .
FeedBurner offers advanced , cutting - edge capabilities , including the most comprehensive podcasting support available today , as well as unique smart feed technology that puts the information you need right at your fingertips .
FileZilla – is a fast and reliable FTP client and server with lots of useful features and an intuitive interface .
Firefox – delivers helpful new features to make your online experience more productive .
Chose from over a thousand useful add - ons to personalize and make it your own .
Miro – free , open source internet tv and video player .
Miro gives you access to more free HD content than any other video player .
Mplayer – mother of all open source video players .
Mplayer runs on many systems , supports a wide range of output drivers , many fonts ( Korean , Cyrillic , etc. ) and 12 subtitle formats
LibreOffice – is a multi platform and multi lingual office suite and an open - source project .
Compatible with all other major office suites , the product is free to download , use , and distribute
Paint .
Net – is free image editing and photo manipulation software for computers that run Windows .
It features an intuitive and innovative user interface with support for layers , unlimited undo , special effects , and a wide variety of useful and powerful tools
Pidgin – is a multi-protocol Instant Messaging client that allows you to use all of your IM accounts at once : AIM , Bonjour , Gadu - Gadu , Google Talk , Groupwise , ICQ , IRC , MSN , QQ , SILC , SIMPLE , Sametime , XMPP , Yahoo ! , Zephyr
Thunderbird help you better manage your unruly inbox , scales to the most sophisticated organizational needs while making it easy to find what you need .
PDFCreator PDFCreator easily creates PDFs from any Windows program .
Use it like a printer in Word , StarCalc or any other Windows application .
Databases
Firebird - is a relational database offering many ANSI SQL standard features that runs on Linux , Windows , and a variety of Unix platforms .
GigaBASE is object - relational embedded database engine for C++ applications .
It provides SQL - like query language , smart C++ interface ( loading objects instead of tupples ) , transaction based on shadowing page algorithm ( no separate log file and very fast )
PostgreSQL - is an advanced PostgreSQL - based search engine that provides online indexing of data and relevance ranking for database searching .
Close integration with database allows use of metadata to restrict search results .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix , Mac OS X , Solaris .
Content Managers
CMS Made Simple – provides a fast and easy way to create a web site and manage its contents .
Use it to make a home page for your family — or your multinational corporation .
Drupal – an open source content management platform .
Equipped with a powerful blend of features , Drupal supports a variety of websites ranging from personal weblogs to large community - driven websites .
Joomla !
– is one of the most powerful Open Source Content Management Systems on the planet .
It is used all over the world for everything from simple websites to complex corporate applications .
Joomla is easy to install , simple to manage , and reliable .
Plone – Content Management System built on top of the open source application server Zope and the accompanying
TYPO3 – Has become one of the leading content management systems ( CMS ) around the world for both intranets and extranets .
TYPO3 offers full flexibility and extendability while featuring an accomplished set of ready - made interfaces , functions and modules .
Nearly 2000 extensions are available for download under GPL from a repository called the TYPO3 Extension Repository , or TER .
WordPress – is a state - of - the - art semantic personal publishing platform with a focus on aesthetics , web standards , and usability .
Content Management Framework
Opencms – is a professional , easy to use website content management system .
It is based on Java and XML technology .
It can be deployed in an open source environment ( e.g. Linux , Apache , Tomcat , MySQL ) as well as on commercial components ( e.g. Windows NT , IIS , BEA Weblogic , Oracle ) .
PHP - Nuke - is a powerful Open Source portal application .
It can be used as a weblog or as a CMS .
PHP - Nuke allows webmasters and editors to easily post new content and comment existing articles .
PHP - Nuke is much for game clan and guild sites .
It is free software , released under the GNU License .
( PHP - Nuke is known for being extremely easy to use as well as EXTREMELY insecure ! )
If you do n’t want your domain name marred , do n’t use this software , use integramod instead .
WebGUI – is a web application framework and web content management system that puts the publishing power in the hands of the people who create the content , rather than the IT staff .
Join the thousands of businesses , universities , and schools that have found out just how easy web can be .
XOOPS - is an extensible , OO ( Object Oriented ) , easy to use dynamic web content management system written in PHP .
XOOPS is the ideal tool for developing small to large dynamic community websites , intra company portals , corporate portals , weblogs and much more .
Read the All about XOOPS page for more details .
seo training
Developer Tools
AppServ – is an Apache / PHP / MySQL distribution designed to be completely installed and configured in less than one minute .
While it works on Windows , the developers recommend Linux for Web or database servers that will be used heavily .
DeskWeb – applies the iconography and usability of a common Windows desktop system to Web applications .
It is familiar and user - friendly and lets users easily learn how - to exploit all of the software ’s features .
It can be used in various ways , such as a content management system , a company groupware , a wiki , or more .
Operating system : OS Independent .
Dev -C++ gives you a full - featured Integrated Development Environment ( IDE ) for the C/C++ programming language .
It uses Mingw port of GCC ( GNU Compiler Collection ) as it ’s compiler .
Dev - C++ can also be used in combination with Cygwin or any other GCC based compiler .
DotNetNuke – is a powerful open source framework that creates and deploys robust modules on the ASP.
NET platform .
Written by its core team of developers , this book will provide youwith the tools and insight you ’ll need to install , configure , and develop your own stunning
EasyPHP – is a complete software package allowing to use all the power and the flexibility that offers the dynamic language PHP and the efficient use of databases under Windows .
Package includes an Apache server , a MySQL database , a fully PHP execution , as well as easy development tools for your web site or your applications .
Ghostscript - allows users to convert , view , and print PostScript and PDF files .
Different versions of the software are available either as open - source or as commercial distributions .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix , Mac OS X , Classic Mac .
Hibernate – is a powerful , high - performance object / relational persistence and query service .
Hibernate allows you to express queries in its own portable SQL extension ( HQL ) , as well as in native SQL , or with an object - oriented Criteria and Example API .
j Edit – is a text editor written in Java .
It supports auto indent and syntax highlighting for 130 different coding languages , as well as dozens of independently developed plug-ins and macros that make programming easier .
MiKTeX – is an up - to - date TeX implementation for the Windows operating system .
It is a typesetting program with a complete set of fonts , utilities , and macros .
Notepad ++ is a free source code editor which supports several programming languages running under the M$ Windows environment .
Notepad ++ is designed to be a freeware replacement for Notepad .
Supported languages : C , C++ , Java , C# , XML , HTML , PHP , JavaScript , RC resource file , make file , ASCII art file ( extension .nfo , doxygen , ini file , batch file , ASP , VB / VBS source files , SQL , Objective -C , CSS , Pascal , Perl , Python and Lua .
Open ModelSphere – conceptual , logical and physical data modeling ( incl. forward / reverse engineering of databases ) ; business process modeling ; UML modeling .
PDFCreator - is a free tool to create PDF files from nearly any Windows application .
It allows users to create PDF files from any printable Windows document .
As an added bonus , it can also create PNG , JPG , TIFF , BMP , PCX , PS , or EPS files .
phpMyAdmin – handles the administration of MySQL over the Web.
phpMyAdmin performs many database administration tasks like running SQL statements , adding and dropping databases , and adding , editing or deleting tables or fields .
Operating system : OS Independent .
SharpDevelop - is a free IDE for C# , VB.NET and Boo projects on Microsoft’s .
It includes a forms designer , code completer , an integrated debugger , and many other features .
Operating system : Windows .
TortoiseSVN – is a really easy to use Revision control / version control / source control software for Windows .
It works directly from Windows Explorer and you can use it with virtually any development tools .
Ultimate ++ is a C++ cross-platform rapid application development suite focused on programmers productivity .
It includes a set of libraries ( GUI , SQL , etc. ) , and an integrated development environment .
WaveMaker – is a visual development tool for building Ajax applications – think MS Access for Web 2.0 .
Wave Maker provides a point and click , browser - based development tool for building complete web applications – with 9 mouse clicks , a developer can build a web application that displays data from an underlying database .
WAMP5 – installs automatically Apache , PHP , MySQL , PHPmyadmin and SQLite manager on any Windows system .
It was created in order to make it easy to use the latest version of PHP ?
PHP5 Operating system : Windows .
wxWidgets – lets developers create applications for Win32 , Mac OS X , GTK + , X11 , Motif , WinCE , and more using one codebase .
It can be used from languages such as C++ , Python , Perl , and C#/.NET .
XAMPP – is an easy to install Apache distribution containing MySQL , PHP and Perl.
XAMPP is really very easy to install and to use – just download , extract and start .
Operating system : Windows , Linux , OS/X , Solaris .
Emulators
DOSBox – is a long gone from Windows –the command prompt inside Windows is n’t truly DOS anymore .
Many old games simply wo n’t run from the Windows command prompt .
They need true blue DOS .
You can get the free DOSBox , which does a great job of emulating it .
Install and run the program , then run any DOS game–or DOS application , for that matter–inside it .
When you run DOSBox , it automatically sets any sound - system related variables , so that your sound system will work properly with your old games .
QEMU – is a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer using dynamic translation to achieve good emulation speed .
Virtualbox – is a family of powerful x86 virtualization products for enterprise as well as home use .
Wine – is an Open Source implementation of the Windows API on top of X , OpenGL , and Unix .
It lets you run Windows programs on x86 - based Unix systems .
Operating system : Linux / Unix , Mac OS X , Solaris .
ZSNES – is a Super Nintendo emulator programmed by zsKnight and _Demo_ .
It lets you play your Super Nintendo games on your PC .
Some games work better than others , and it is very much a working progress .
Operating system : Windows , Linux , FreeBSD , and DOS .
Bochs is a highly portable open source IA - 32 ( x86 ) PC emulator written in C++ , that runs on most popular platforms .
Bochs is capable of running most Operating Systems inside the emulation including Linux , DOS , Windows ® 95/98 and Windows ® NT /2000 / XP or Windows Vista .
PearPC is an architecture - independent PowerPC platform emulator capable of running most PowerPC operating systems .
Nestopia is an open source NES / Famicom emulator designed to emulate the NES hardware as accurately as possible .
Originally for Windows only , Nestopia has been ported to the Mac OS X and Linux operating systems .
P2P
ABC – is an improved client for the BitTorrent peer - to - peer file distribution solution .
ABC is based on BitTornado which extended from the original BitTorrent core system , coded by Bram Cohen .
It offers some unique customization options .
With this app , you can customize which information is displayed , prioritize the queuing system , and download multiple files simultaneously in the same window .
Operating system : Windows .
Ares – is a P2P file - sharing program .
It ’s easier to figure out how to search for files and download them , and it also will download files using BitTorrent , which is probably the most popular file - sharing protocol today .
Also useful is that the program includes a built - in media player , as well as chat capabilities and a built - in Web browser .
BBurst ! – is the BitTorrent client that uses less memory and other resources than the original client .
Key features include a torrents manager and super - seeding mode .
Operating system : Windows .
BitTorrent – is the global standard for delivering high - quality files over the Internet .
BitTorrent enables you to publish your own content .
If you are a filmmaker , musician , or even a comedian , it ? s the perfect place to showcase your work to worldwide audience .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix .
BT ++ is an improved client for the BitTorrent peer - to - peer file distribution solution .
It is written , like the official BitTorrent client , in Python and wxPython for maximum cross-platform compatibility .
It should work on any platform that wxPython is available for .
DC ++ is an open source client for Windows for the Direct Connect network .
Direct Connect allows you to share files over the Internet without restrictions or limits .
The client is completely free of advertisements and has a nice , easy to use interface .
Firewall and router support is integrated and it is easy and convenient to use functionality like multi-hub connections , auto - connections and resuming of downloads .
e Mule - is one of the biggest and most reliable peer - to - peer file sharing clients around the world .
Many developers contribute to the project , so the network gets more and more efficient withevery new version .
Operating system : Windows .
RevConnect – is a file sharing program based on DC ++.
It is fully compatible with the Direct Connect network .
RevConnect is an free open - source , ad and spyware - free client , written in C++ for the Direct Connect protocol that allows you to share files over the internet with other users .
Operating system : Windows .
Shareaza P2P – is known by its support for numerous P2P networks , including Gnutella2 , Gnutella1 , eDonkey2000 / eMule , and BitTorrent .
And its “ Collections ” feature allows users to preview albumcovers , song lists , and descriptions from a single screen .
Operating system : Windows .
File Transfer
cURL – is a command line tool for transferring files with URL syntax , supporting FTP , FTPS , HTTP , HTTPS , SCP , SFTP , TFTP , TELNET , DICT , FILE and LDAP .
curl supports SSL certificates , HTTP POST , HTTP PUT , FTP uploading , HTTP form based upload , proxies , cookies , user + password authentication ( Basic , Digest , NTLM , Negotiate , Kerberos … ) , file transfer resume , proxy tunneling and a busload of other useful tricks .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix , Mac OS X , Solaris
Filezilla – Both a client and a server are available .
WinSCP – allows users to transfer files securely via SCP and SFTP .
It incorporates Secure Shell ( SSH ) technology .
Operating system : Windows .
Games
OpenArena – OpenArena is an open - source content package for Quake III Arena licensed under the GPL , effectively creating a free stand - alone game .
You do not need Quake III Arena to play this game .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix , Mac OS X
Scorched 3D – Scorched 3D is a game based loosely ( or actually quite heavily now ) on the classic DOS game Scorched Earth “ The Mother Of All Games ” .
Scorched 3D adds amongst other new features a 3D island environment and LAN and internet play .
Scorched 3D is totally free and is available for both Microsoft Windows and Unix ( Linux , FreeBSD , Mac OS X , Solaris , etc. ) operating systems .
ScummVM – allows you to port many classic point - and - click adventure games to nearly any platform you like .
Supported games include Simon the Sorcerer 1 and 2 , Flight of the Amazon Queen , Beneath A Steel Sky , Day of the Tentacle , Broken Sword 1 and Broken Sword 2 , Monkey Island , Sam and Max , and dozens of others .
Operating system : OS Portable .
StepMania – can be played using the keyboard or a sensor - laden “ dance pad ” .
StepMania has game modes similar to Konami’s Dance Dance Revolution and Andamiro ’s Pump It Up , Amuseworld ’sEZ2 Dancer , and Konami ’s Para Para Paradise .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix , Mac OS X , Xbox .
Mobility Tools
BitPim – is a program that allows you to view and manipulate data on many CDMA phones from LG , Samsung , Sanyo and other manufacturers .
This includes the Phone Book , Calendar , WallPapers , RingTones ( functionality varies by phone ) and the File system for most Qualcomm CDMA chipset based phones .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix , Mac OS X .
PortableApps – aims to make all of your applications portable .
It makes it easy to transfer software and data from your PC to a USB flash drive , iPod , portable hard drive , or other device .
Operating system : Windows .
Photo Tools
Coppermine Photo Gallery – is a multi- purpose fully - featured and integrated web picture gallery script written in PHP using GD or ImageMagick as image library with a MySQL backend .
It offersa huge lineup of features including multiple languages , e-card creation , thumbnails , and many more .
In order to use it , you need a Web server running Apache , PHP , MySQL , and either GD or ImageMagick .
Operating system : OS Independent .
Gallery – is an open source project with the goal to develop and support leading photo sharing web application solutions .
It allow some basic photo manipulation , such as resizing , rotating , and altering image quality , but does not include advanced photo editing .
Operating system : OS Independent .
Instant Messaging
aMSN – is an open source MSN Messenger clone .
It allows you to communicate with users on multiple networks .
a MSN also allows you to display pictures and emoticons and add skins to yourchat window .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix , Mac OS X .
Miranda – is a small , fast and easy instant messenger with support for multiple protocols .
Miranda IM is designed to be resource efficient and easy to use while still providing many features including support for AIM , Jabber , ICQ , IRC , MSN , Yahoo , and more .
Operating system : Windows .
Pidgin – is a multi- platform instant messaging client that allows you to connect with all your buddies from a single messenger , even if they are using different networks .
It supports MSN , AIM , ICQ , Yahoo , IRC , GroupWise , QQ , SILC , SIMPLE , Same time and XMPP .
You can login to multiple messenger accounts at one , allowing you to chat with your buddies on Yahoo , ICQ and MSN ( for example ) at the same time .
QutIM is a free open - source multiprotocol ( ICQ , Jabber / GTalk / Ya.Online/LiveJournal.com , Mail .
Ru , IRC ) instant messenger for Windows , Mac OS X and Linux systems .
Security
AdminToolsLauncher – Starter Application for most windows tools requiring administrative rights .
Operating system : Windows XP /2000 / Server 2003 .
ClamWin Free Antivirus – is a Free Antivirus for Microsoft Windows 98/Me/2000 /XP and 2003 .
With Clam
Win you can scan individual files manually or you can use the Microsoft Outlook add - in to find and remove infected attachments automatically .
Eraser – is an advanced security tool ( for Windows ) , which allows you to completely remove sensitive data from your hard drive by overwriting it several times with carefully selected patterns .
Works with Windows 95 , 98 , ME , NT , 2000 , XP , Windows 2003 Server and DOS .
IPCop Firewall – provides a good option for home users and small offices .
It ?s stable , secure , and easy to configure and maintain .
Operating system : Linux .
FreeOTFE – a free , open source , “ on - the - fly ” transparent disk encryption program for PCs and PDAs .
Using this software , you can create one or more “ virtual disks ” on your PC / PDA .
These disks operate exactly like a normal disk , with the exception that anything written to one of them is transparently , and securely , encrypted before being stored on your computer ’s hard drive .
GnuPG for Windows provides EMail - Security using GnuPG .
Gpg4win is a free and easy to use installer package for Windows containig preconfigured programs and handbooks for EMail and file encryption .
Gpg4win contains everything to start without big problems .
Gpg4win is also compatible with Mozilla Thunderbird using the addon Enigmail .
KeePass is a free password manager or safe which helps you to manage your passwords in a secure way .
You can put all your passwords in one database , which is locked with one master key or a key - disk .
So you only have to remember one single master password or insert the key - disk to unlock the whole database .
The databases are encrypted using the best and most secure encryption algorithms currently known .
PeerGuardian – protects your privacy while you ?re using P2P file sharing networks .
It supports multiple lists , list editing , automatic updates , and IP v4 blocking .
Operating system : Windows , Linux , Mac OS X .
Truecrypt – a free open - source disk encryption software for Windows Vista / XP/2000 and Linux .
Creates a virtual encrypted disk within a file and mounts it as a real disk .
It encrypts an entire hard disk partition or a storage device such as USB flash drive .
Encryption is automatic , real - time ( on - the - fly ; OTFE ) and transparent .
Remote Desktop
m Remote – is a full - featured , open source , multi-tab remote connections manager .
It allows you to store all your remote connections in a simple yet powerful interface .
Currently these protocols are supported : RDP ( Remote Desktop ) , VNC ( Virtual Network Computing ) , ICA ( Citrix ICA ) , SSH ( Secure Shell ) , Telnet ( TELecommunication NETwork ) , HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) , Rlogin ( Rlogin ) , RAW .
UltraVNC – is a powerful , easy to use and free software that can display the screen of another computer ( via internet or network ) on your own screen .
The program allows you to use your mouse and keyboard to control the other PC remotely .
Key features app include File Transfer , Video Driver , optional Encryption Plugins , MS Logon , Text Chat , Viewer Toolbar , and others .
Although it ’s designed primarily for Windows , the Embedded Java Viewer allows you to transfer files to and from other operating systems as well .
Operating system : Windows .
TightVNC – is a free remote control software package derived from the popular VNC software .
With TightVNC , you can see the desktop of a remote machine and control it with your local mouse and keyboard , just like you would do it sitting in the front of that computer .
TightVNC offers additional features like file transfers , video mirror drive support , scaling of the remote desktop , support for two passwords , and more .
Screen Capture
CamStudio CamStudio is able to record all screen and audio activity on your computer and create industry - standard AVI video files and using its built - in SWF Producer can turn those AVIs into lean , mean , bandwidth - friendly Streaming Flash videos ( SWFs )
MWSnap MWSnap is a small yet powerful Windows program for snapping ( capturing ) images from selected parts of the screen .
Current version is capable of capturing the whole desktop , a highlighted window , an active menu , a control , or a fixed or free rectangular part of the screen .
MWSnap handles 5 most popular graphics formats and contains several graphical tools : a zoom , a ruler , a color picker and a window spy .
It can be also used as a fast picture viewer or converter .
ZScreen – is a free open - source screen capture program that allows for region / window / full - screen screenshots .
It can FTP screenshots and put the URL in your clipboard in a single keystroke .
It supports automatic custom naming conventions with variables .
It can also interface with image editing software .
eXtended Screenshot ( xscreenshot ) is a nice Windows and Linux screenshot tool for make , edit , share and exchange screenshots between people via the internet .
Xscreenshot oriented for QA testers , programmers , designers , sales managers , support centers and other people .
System Administration Tools
AdminToolsLauncher – Starter Application for most windows tools requiring administrative rights .
Operating system : Windows XP /2000 / Server 2003 .
ClamWin – is a Free Antivirus for Microsoft Windows 98/Me/2000 /XP and 2003 .
ClamWin Free Antivirus comes with an easy installer and open source code .
You may download and use it absolutely free of charge
Daphne – is a small ( system tray ) application for killing , controlling and debugging window ’s processes .
You can kill a process by dragging the mouse over the windows , by right - clicking the process in the main process list , or by typing its name with the “ Kill all by name ” command .
You may download and use it absolutely free of charge
GLPI – is the Information Resource - Manager with an additional Administration - Interface .
You can use it to build up a database with an inventory for your company ( computer , software , printers … )
Operating system : OS Independent .
GrepWin – is a simple search and replace tool which can use regular expressions to do its job .
This allows to do much more powerful searches and replaces .
Since regular expressions can sometimes get complicated , grepWin allows you to bookmark your most used expressions .
Nmap - is a free open source utility for network exploration or security auditing .
It was designed to rapidly scan large networks , although it works fine against single hosts .
Nmap uses raw IPpackets in novel ways to determine what hosts are available on the network , what services ( application name and version ) those hosts are offering , what operating systems ( and OS versions ) they are running , what type of packet filters / firewalls are in use , and dozens of other characteristics .
TrueCrypt – is an open - source disk encryption software for Windows Vista / XP/2000 and Linux .
It is a software system for establishing and maintaining anon - the - fly - encrypted volume ( data storage device ) .
On - the - fly encryption means that data are automatically encrypted or decrypted right before they are loaded or saved , without any user intervention .
Webmin – is a web - based interface for system administration for Unix .
Using any modern web browser , you can setup user accounts , Apache , DNS , file sharing and much more .
Webmin removes the need to manually edit Unix configuration files like /etc / passwd , and lets you manage system from the console or remotely .
Wireshark – is the world ’s foremost network protocol analyzer .
It supports hundreds of different protocols , multiple platforms , and can analyze VoIP traffic .
Operating system : Windows , Linux / Unix , Mac OS X , Solaris , all BSD platforms .
Video / Multi-Media Tools
Avidemux – is a free video editor designed for simple cutting , filtering and encoding tasks .
It supports many file types , including AVI , DVD compatible MPEG files , MP4 and ASF , using a variety of codecs .
Tasks can be automated using projects , job queue and powerful scripting capabilities .
Cinelerra – is a free and open source software video editing system .
FFDShow – is a DirectShow decoding filter for decompressing DivX , XviD , H.264 , FLV1 , WMV , MPEG - 1 and MPEG - 2 , MPEG - 4 movies .
HandBrake – is an open - source , GPL - licensed , multiplatform , multithreaded DVD to MPEG - 4 converter , available for Mac OS X , Linux and Windows .
It grabs video from a variety of sources , including a DVD and a DVD image , and grabs audio from sources as well , including MPEG audio tracks .
You ’ll then be able to output a digital file in a variety of formats , including MPEG - 4 , AVI , OGM for video , or AAC , MP3 , and Ogg Vorbis for audio .
Kaltura is the developer of the first open - source video platform , including the first open - source online editor .
A Wiki extension , an all in one video pack for WordPress and a video module for Drupal are also available .
LiVES – is a very flexible tool which can be used by both VJ ’s and video editors – mix and switch clips from the keyboard , trim and edit your clips , and bring them together using the multi track timeline .
MediaCoder – is a free universal batch media trans coder , which integrates most popular audio / video codecs and tools into an all - in - one solution .
MediaPortal – is an Open Source application ideal for turning your PC / TV into a very advanced Media Center .
Media Portal allows you to listen to your favorite music and radio , watch and storeyour videos and DVDs , view , schedule and record live TV as a digital video recorder and much much more .
MPlayer OS X – is binary distribution of MPlayer ( The Movie Player for Linux ) and comes with the native GUI in Mac OS X .
After installation you can simply ( by drag - and - drop ) play almost all3ivx , DivX 3,4,5 and other codecs files in the window or full screen mode .
Rendering of very nice antialiased text - based subtitles is also supported .
SMPlayer – is a multimedia player based on the Mplayer engine .
It has many features including changing the sync of audio / video , changing brightness , hue and colour balance of live video .
It supports all formats that Mplayer does , is avilable in multiple languages and is compatible with Windows and Linux .
WDM – is a video capture driver for Bt848 , Bt849 , Bt878 and Bt879 based video capture boards .
It tries to take the most of the hardware , using all the features the chipset has to offer .
It is also implemented as a WDM driver , so the same driver works under Windows 2000 , Windows 98SE , Windows XP and Windows Me without modifications .
Xine – is a free multimedia player .
It plays back CDs , DVDs , and VCDs .
It also decodes multimedia files like AVI , MOV , WMV , and MP3 from local disk drives , and displays multimedia streamed over the Internet .
VirtualDub - is a video capture / processing utility for 32 - bit Windows platforms ( 95/98/ME/NT4/2000/XP ) .
It is useful for basic trimming and cleaning up footage , and also has batch processing capabilities .
Virtual Magnifying Glass – Virtual Magnifying
Glass is a free , open source , cross- platform screen magnification tool .
It is simple , customizable , and easy - to - use .
VLC Media Player – is a highly portable multimedia player for various audio and video formats ( MPEG - 1 , MPEG - 2 , MPEG - 4 , DivX , MP3 , Ogg , … ) as well as DVDs , VCDs , and various streaming protocols .
UMPlayer is a cross- platform multimedia player supporting many audio and video codecs and file formats as well as DVDs , VCDs , and various streaming protocols .
It boasts many advanced features such as built - in subtitle search and YouTube player .
http://lightworksbeta.com/
Lightworks
High end video editor alternative to Avid Composer and Final Cut Pro .
Free beta currently available for Windows .
Linux and Mac development begins late 2011 .
Wikis
MediaWiki – is a free software wiki package originally written for Wikipedia .
It allows collaborative editing on documents within a familiar interface .
It was designed to be run on a large server farm and requires Apache , PHP , and MySQL .
Waco minister says child porn was for research Minister arrested for child porn says it was research
WACO — A minister who was arrested on child pornography charges told authorities he was doing research to get some Web sites shut down , police said .
Henry Edgington , 63 , of Chalk Bluff , was charged with seven counts of child pornography possession .
He was released from the McLennan County Jail on $ 70,000 bond Thursday after he surrendered to police .
Edgington , a minister at the Elm Mott Church of Christ near Waco , did not immediately return a call Friday .
A relative found a box containing child pornography at Edgington 's home and approached Waco Police 's Crimes Against Children detectives last week , police spokesman Steve Anderson said .
The Police Department has jurisdiction to investigate crimes brought to its attention , even though Edgington lives in a Waco suburb , Anderson said .
Edgington told detectives he downloaded the pornography to give to a congressman in an effort to have the Web sites shut down , Anderson said .
" Unless you have a badge , it 's illegal to look at child pornography , no matter what your motive , " Anderson said .
Teaching hacking helps students , professors say
Robert Lemos
SecurityFocus
LAS VEGAS --
When Sam Bowne visited the DEFCON hacking conference in 2006 , he saw a lot of people having fun with a really interesting topic : Computer security .
 Colleges are not about sealing up information and hiding it away . 
As a professor of computer science at the City College of San Francisco , Bowne wanted to find a way to make computer security accessible to the average student .
So , following his trip to DEFCON last year , he talked with the administrators at CCSF and got permission to start up a class with a hacking lab .
The first course -- called " Ethical Hacking and Network Defense " -- was an total success , he told attendees at the DEFCON on Friday .
" This is a good thing , because the students love it , " Bowne said .
" They learn the material and have fun at the same time . "
In the past , some security firms and universities have worried that teaching computer - science students how to hack could lure them to the Dark Side of security -- especially if the courses went beyond computer intrusion and into cybercrime .
The University of Calgary came under fire when it introduced classes that would task students with creating computer viruses and spam networks .
However , ethical hacking courses have become more mature and more accepted .
Teaching hacking started as an effort by serious hobbyist groups , such as the L0pht and GhettoHackers , then became the purview of bleeding - edge companies founded by hackers , and finally started making its way into schools -- mainly community colleges .
During a question - and - answer session following his presentation , Bowne and other educators criticized universities that take a hard stance against the teaching of hacking as narrow thinking .
" Colleges are not about sealing up information and hiding it away , " Bowne said .
Others educators agreed .
One attendee who identified himself as a professor at Emporia State University in Kansas said that many universities are starting to evaluate courses .
Emporia State fully supported teaching ethical hacking , he said , offering a course titled " Computer Attack Essentials " that teaches " the techniques and tools to detect and evaluate ... vulnerable points of known exploits in network and operating systems , " according to the course description ( PDF ) .
Other attendees supported the idea of teaching hacking as a way to understand the risks to corporate networks and personal computers .
Security firm Immunity teaches courses to managers and executives so they can make better decisions regarding their companies ' defenses , said founder and principal researcher David Aitel .
" First of all , it 's fun , so it really does engage them in the technology , " he said .
" It also makes them better at their jobs .
When vendors pitch them on their products , they know enough to gauge what the sales people are saying . "
When Bowne started his course at the City College of San Francisco , 80 students had signed up .
When it ended , only 40 had passed .
Such a success rate is typical for community colleges , he said .
" Students are not working toward degrees , but are looking for job experience , " Bowne said .
Bowne only worried about one student , but not for being unethical .
The student acted with a typical hacker mentality , not following the course material and getting only what he wanted out of the course , Bowne said .
He had a failing grade and did not take the tests , but he maintained all the computers in the lab and the teacher found him indispensable .
The rest of the class went off without a hitch .
" At city college , I had no real problems , " Bowne said .
" But the students were 30 and 40 year - olds with kids .
They did n't want to be hackers .
They just wanted to get better at their jobs . "
To do that , teaching attacker 's techniques is as valuable as teaching how to defend against the attacks , said Leon Johnson , a security analyst with the University of Texas at San Antonio and a member of the Center for Infrastructure Assurance and Security , which runs the school 's annual cyberdefense competition .
" It is not so much that you are teaching hacking , but comprehensive security , " he said .
" If you teach only defensive security , that is not enough .
You also have to teach offensive security . "
However , Johnson did acknowledge that teaching ethical hacking is more of a challenge at the university level because some students may be more likely to satisfy their curiosity than worry about breaking laws .
" It 's a youthful thing , " he said .
" When you are young and you are learning to drive , you are more likely to drive fast . "
If you have tips or insights on this topic , please contact Security Focus .
It was today that the Continental Congress considered , and approved , a resolution brought by Virginia Delegate Richard Henry Lee that went as follows :
Resolved ,
That these United Colonies are , and of right ought to be , free and independent States , that they are absolved from all allegiance to the British Crown , and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain is , and ought to be , totally dissolved .
That it is expedient forthwith to take the most effectual measures for forming foreign Alliances .
That a plan of confederation be prepared and transmitted to the respective Colonies for their consideration and approbation .
It was two days later that the Declaration Of Independence itself , the formal announcement of independence was approved .
But , at least in the beginning , John Adams thought that today would be the day we celebrated :
The second day of July , 1776 , will be the most memorable epoch in the history of America .
I am apt to believe that it will be celebrated by succeeding generations as the great anniversary festival .
It ought to be commemorated as the day of deliverance , by solemn acts of devotion to God Almighty .
It ought to be solemnized with pomp and parade , with shows , games , sports , guns , bells , bonfires , and illuminations , from one end of this continent to the other , from this time forward forever more .
Adams was right , just not about the date that history would remember .
Summary : Information foraging shows how to calculate your content strategy 's costs and benefits .
A mixed diet that combines brief overviews and comprehensive coverage is often best .
How much information is enough ?
How much is too much ?
And , most importantly , how much information is optimal ?
Information foraging gives us a way to formally model user trade - offs in deciding how much to read on your website .
More precisely , diet selection is a modeling tool that tells us what food animals will eat and what articles users will read .
In both scenarios , animals and people decide what to consume in a way that optimizes their benefits relative to the costs .
For example , say a forest is inhabited by large and small rabbits .
Which will the wolf eat ?
The obvious answer might seem to be " large rabbits " because they provide the biggest benefit in terms of filling the stomach .
But if the big bunnies run faster and are harder to catch , the benefit decreases .
Much better to eat lots of small tasty bites if tiny bunnies are easier to nab .
So , basically , the wolf must eat more calories than it expends pursuing prey .
The real question is not which prey provides the most food , but how you get the most food relative to the cost of chasing it down .
The cost / benefit ratio is what matters , not the benefit alone .
Exactly the same is true for informavores .
A long article might contain more information , but if it takes too long to read , users will abandon the website and read shorter , easier pieces elsewhere .
Cost / Benefit Metrics for Reading
To formalize the model , we must quantify the costs and benefits of reading different articles .
Cost is easy to model : we calculate it as the amount of time it takes to read an article .
For an intranet , this would be a direct cost in dollars , because we 're paying employees for every minute they spend reading stuff during working hours .
For a website , time is a more indirect cost , because users do n't get paid to surf the Web .
But still , life is short , and you only have so many hours in the day .
Even if users do n't get paid , they 're still conscious of their time and do n't like wasting it .
Benefit can be modeled by hypothetical benefit units that represent whatever value users get from online information .
For a B2B user researching a company purchase , the benefit units translate directly into dollars , because they represent the extent to which the company gets a better deal or decides to buy a better product as a result of that user 's time on the Web .
For home users , benefits might also have a dollar value .
For example , if you 're looking into buying airline tickets , the benefit of checking one more site or one more alternate departure time would be the average savings on the airfare that resulted from using a richer data set to decide which ticket to buy .
If people are browsing the news or reading an entertainment site , the benefit units would represent the amount of enjoyment they got from each page .
Example : Long vs. Short Articles
Let 's work through an example , using the following values for our cost - benefit metrics :
Short articles : 600 words , meaning a cost of 3 minutes to read ( assuming a reading speed of 200 wpm ) 7 benefit units gained from reading each article
Long articles : 1,000 words , meaning a cost of 5 minutes to read 10 benefit units gained from reading each article
Finding a new article to read : 1 minute
The following chart shows how the accumulated benefit units increase as a user keeps reading short articles ( blue curve ) or long articles ( red curve ) :
The dots on the curves represent points of change — that is , when the user stops reading one article , starts searching for something else to read , and starts reading the next article .
No benefit is gained during the user 's search time .
( Here , I use the term " search " to indicate any user activity aimed at finding the next interesting article , whether it 's using a search engine , a site 's navigation system , or any other method of finding the next thing to read . )
The chart clearly shows that users gain more benefit from sticking to a diet of short articles .
The cumulative benefit is as follows :
Short articles : 105 benefit units per hour
benefit units per hour Long articles : 100 benefit units per hour
The conclusion is clear : people prefer to read short articles .
This is also what we 've found in empirical studies of users ' behavior while reading websites .
People tend to be ruthless in abandoning long - winded sites ; they mainly want to skim highlights .
Benefit of Cutting Word Count
If you read my assumptions carefully , you 'll notice why the math favors short articles : I assumed that short articles were 60 % of the length of the long articles but still provided 70 % of the benefit .
Is this realistic ?
In most cases , I 'd say yes .
A good editor should be able to cut 40 % of the word count while removing only 30 % of an article 's value .
After all , the cuts should target the least valuable information .
When Long Has Value
Now , let 's change the assumptions and assume that every third long article is 3 times more valuable than the previous two .
In other words , 2/3 of the long articles continue to provide the user with 10 benefit units ' worth of information , but 1/3 of the long articles now have a benefit value of 30 .
This scenario corresponds to the occasional situation in which you really , really need to know everything about a problem .
For example , consider a rare disease in which sufferers risk death if they eat 6 particular foods : 4 common foods , and 2 foods that almost nobody eats anyway .
If you 're reading about the disease out of idle curiosity , you 'll probably be satisfied with a short article covering the four common foods .
If you just got diagnosed with this disease , however , you wo n't be content reading an article that says : " there are 6 things that 'll kill you , but we wo n't talk about 2 of them because they 're rare . "
You 'll obviously want the long article that will warn you about all the things you need to avoid .
The following chart shows the cost - benefit curves under this new assumption :
The blue line shows the progression of gains from reading only short articles ( the same curve as in the previous chart ) .
The red line shows the gains from reading long articles under the new assumptions : for every third article , the benefit jumps up and thus considerably outpaces the blue line .
The obvious conclusion is that long articles are better now that they 're sometimes more valuable .
But there 's a third behavior users can choose : a mixed diet , where they sometimes read short articles and sometimes read long ones .
The green line shows this reading behavior .
For the mixed diet , we have to change the assumptions about the time needed to identify the next article to read .
I 'll assume that this now takes 1.2 minutes , versus 1 minute for the simpler scenario in which people always read a single type of article .
This increase accounts for the extra overhead of having to consider both types of articles and decide when to read what .
Decisions take time , which is why it 's often best to offer a simple user interface rather than one with many options .
Every extra thing users can do requires consideration , which takes time away from actually using the features .
In this case , the green line is even better than the red line , because users do n't waste time on the 2/3 of the long articles that are n't sufficiently valuable .
In the new scenario , users ' cumulative gains from the different reading strategies are :
Short articles : 105 benefit units per hour
benefit units per hour Long articles : 167 benefit units per hour
benefit units per hour 2/3 short articles +
1/3 long articles : 181 benefit units per hour
Mathematical Models vs. Real Life
Of course , in real life , you do n't need in - depth information exactly every third time you read an article .
But the general idea in my model is extremely realistic :
Reading benefits vary , depending on user circumstances .
Most of the time , short articles contain more value per word .
People sometimes gain higher value from complete or very detailed information about a problem .
The exact numbers in my calculations are merely assumptions for the sake of the exercise .
You can run similar calculations for your type of material and your type of users .
What Should You Do ?
So : should your website have concise or in - depth content ?
If you want many readers , focus on short and scannable content .
This is a good strategy for advertising - driven sites or sites that sell impulse buys .
, focus on and scannable content .
This is a good strategy for advertising - driven sites or sites that sell impulse buys .
If you want people who really need a solution , focus on comprehensive coverage .
This is a good strategy if you sell highly targeted solutions to complicated problems .
Typically , people who really need something are the highest - value users because they 're more likely to turn into paying customers .
That 's why I recommended writing articles instead of blog postings .
But the very best content strategy is one that mirrors the users ' mixed diet .
There 's no reason to limit yourself to only one content type .
It 's possible to have short overviews for the majority of users and to supplement them with in - depth coverage and white papers for those few users who need to know more .
Of course , the two user types are often the same person — the one who 's usually in a hurry , but is sometimes in thorough - research mode .
In fact , our studies of B2B users show that business users often are n't very familiar with the complex products or services they 're buying and need simple overviews to orient themselves before they begin more in - depth research .
Hypertext to the Rescue
On the Web , you can offer both short and long treatments within a single hyperspace .
Start with overviews and short , simplified pages .
Then link to long , in - depth coverage on other pages .
With this approach , you can serve both types of users ( or the same user in different stages of the buying process ) .
The more value you offer users each minute they 're on your site , the more likely they are to use your site and the longer they 're likely to stay .
This is why it 's so important to optimize your content strategy for your users ' needs .
WASHINGTON , April 25  Concerned about the growing dependence of the nation ’s spy agencies on private contractors , top intelligence officials have spent months determining just how many contractors work at the C.I.A. , D.I.A. , F.B.I. , N.S.A. and the rest of the spook alphabet soup .
Now they have an answer .
But they cannot reveal it , they say , because America ’s enemies might be listening .
Ronald P. Sanders , chief human capital officer for the director of national intelligence , said that because personnel numbers and agency budgets were classified , he could not reveal the contractor count .
“ I ca n’t give you anything that would allow you to impute the size of the I.C. civilian work force , ” Mr. Sanders said , using shorthand for “ intelligence community ” in a telephone briefing that covered everything about the contractor survey except its core findings .
legal ⇒ paralegal
paraillegal ⇒ illegal
> import Prelude hiding ( Left , Right )
> import Control .
Monad
> import Test.
QuickCheck
> data T = Leaf | Fork T T deriving ( Eq , Show )
T
T7->T8+T6
( T, T , T , T , T , T , T ) -> Either ( T, T , T , T , T , T , T , T ) ( T, T , T , T , T , T )
Either
> data a :+ b = Left a | Right b
> commute :: a :+ b -> b :+ a
> commute ( Left a ) = Right a
> commute ( Right b ) = Left b
> associate :: ( a :+ b ) :+ c -> a :+ ( b :+ c )
> associate ( Left ( Left a ) ) = Left a
> associate ( Left ( Right b ) ) = Right ( Left b )
> associate ( Right c ) = Right ( Right c )
> associate ' :: a :+ ( b :+ c ) -> ( a :+ b ) :+ c
> associate ' ( Left a ) = Left ( Left a )
> associate ' ( Right ( Left b ) ) = Left ( Right b )
> associate ' ( Right ( Right c ) ) = Right c
> liftLeft :: ( a -> c ) -> a :+ b -> c :+ b
> liftLeft f ( Left a ) = Left ( f a )
> liftLeft f ( Right b ) = Right b
> liftLeft2 = liftLeft .
liftLeft
> liftLeft3 = liftLeft .
liftLeft2
> liftLeft4 = liftLeft .
liftLeft3
> liftLeft5 = liftLeft .
liftLeft4
Tn
> type T0 = ()
> type T1 = ( T, T0 )
> type T2 = ( T , T1 )
> type T3 = ( T , T2 )
> type T4 = ( T , T3 )
> type T5 = ( T , T4 )
> type T6 = ( T, T5 )
> type T7 = ( T , T6 )
> type T8 = ( T , T7 )
> assemble ( Left x ) = ( Leaf , x )
> assemble ( Right ( a , ( b , x ) ) ) = ( Fork a b , x )
> assemble ' ( Leaf , x ) = Left x
> assemble ' ( Fork a b , x ) = Right ( a , ( b, x ) )
> step1 :: T7 -> T6 :+ T8
> step1 = assemble '
assemble '
> step2 :: T6 :+ T8 -> T5 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step2 = liftLeft assemble '
> step3 :: T5 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T4 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step3 = liftLeft2 assemble '
> step4 :: T4 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step4 = liftLeft3 assemble '
> step5 :: T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T2 :+ T4 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step5 = liftLeft4 assemble '
> step6 :: T2 :+ T4 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T1 :+ T3 :+ T4 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step6 = liftLeft5 assemble '
> swap23 :: ( a :+ b ) :+ c -> ( a :+ c ) :+ b
> swap23 = commute .
associate .
liftLeft commute
> shuffle1 :: T1 :+ T3 :+ T4 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T1 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> shuffle1 = liftLeft4 swap23
> shuffle2 :: ( T1 :+ T4 ) :+ T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> shuffle2 = swap23 .
liftLeft swap23 .
liftLeft2 swap23 .
liftLeft3 swap23 .
liftLeft4 commute
> step7 :: T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T4 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> step7 = liftLeft4 assemble
> step8 :: T4 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T5 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> step8 = liftLeft3 assemble
> step9 :: T5 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T6 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> step9 = liftLeft2 assemble
> step10 :: T6 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T7 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> step10 = liftLeft assemble
> shuffle3 :: T7 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T1 :+ T4 :+ T7
> shuffle3 = commute
> step11 :: T1 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T2 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7
> step11 = liftLeft2 ( commute . assemble ')
> step12 :: T2 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T3 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7
> step12 = liftLeft3 ( commute . assemble ')
> step13 :: T3 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T4 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7
> step13 = liftLeft4 ( commute . assemble ')
> step14 :: T4 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7-> T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7
> step14 = liftLeft5 ( commute . assemble ')
> shuffle4 :: T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T7 :+ T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4
> shuffle4 = liftLeft5 commute .
liftLeft4 swap23 .
liftLeft3 swap23 .
liftLeft2 swap23 .
liftLeft swap23 .
swap23
> shuffle5 :: T7 :+ T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 -> T7 :+ T5 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0
> shuffle5 = liftLeft3 swap23 .
liftLeft2 swap23 .
liftLeft swap23 .
swap23
> step15 :: T7 :+ T5 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T6 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step15 = liftLeft5 ( assemble . commute )
> step16 :: T6 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step16 = liftLeft4 ( assemble . commute )
> step17 :: T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T4 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step17 = liftLeft3 ( assemble . commute )
> step18 :: T4 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T3 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step18 = liftLeft2 ( assemble . commute )
> step19 :: T3 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T2 :+ T0
> step19 = liftLeft ( assemble . commute )
> step20 :: T2 :+ T0 -> T1
> step20 = assemble .
commute
> iso :: T7 -> T1
> iso = step20 .
step19 . step18 . step17 . step16 . step15 . shuffle5 .
shuffle4 .
step14 .
> step13 . step12 . step11 . shuffle3 .
step10 . step9 . step8 .
step7 .
> shuffle2 .
shuffle1 .
step6 .
step5 .
step4 .
step3 .
step2 .
step1
> step20 ' :: T1 -> T2 :+ T0
> step20 ' = commute . assemble '
> step19 ' :: T2 :+ T0 -> T3 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step19 ' = liftLeft ( commute . assemble ')
> step18 ' :: T3 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T4 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step18 ' = liftLeft2 ( commute . assemble ')
> step17 ' :: T4 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step17 ' = liftLeft3 ( commute . assemble ')
> step16 ' :: T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T6 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step16 ' = liftLeft4 ( commute . assemble ')
> step15 ' :: T6 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T7 :+ T5 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0
> step15 ' = liftLeft5 ( commute . assemble ')
> shuffle5 ' :: T7 :+ T5 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 -> T7 :+ T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4
> shuffle5 ' = swap23 .
liftLeft swap23 .
liftLeft2 swap23 .
liftLeft3 swap23
> shuffle4 ' :: T7 :+ T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 -> T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7
> shuffle4 ' = swap23 .
liftLeft swap23 .
liftLeft2 swap23 . liftLeft3 swap23 .
liftLeft4 swap23 .
liftLeft5 commute
> step14 ' :: T5 :+ T3 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T4 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7
> step14 ' = liftLeft5 ( assemble . commute )
> step13 ' :: T4 :+ T2 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T3 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7
> step13 ' = liftLeft4 ( assemble .commute )
> step12 ' :: T3 :+ T1 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T2 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7
> step12 ' = liftLeft3 ( assemble . commute )
> step11 ' :: T2 :+ T0 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T1 :+ T4 :+ T7
> step11 ' = liftLeft2 ( assemble . commute )
> shuffle3 ' :: T1 :+ T4 :+ T7 -> T7 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> shuffle3 ' = commute
> step10 ' :: T7 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T6 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> step10 ' = liftLeft assemble '
> step9 ' :: T6 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T5 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> step9 ' = liftLeft2 assemble '
> step8 ' :: T5 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T4 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> step8 ' = liftLeft3 assemble '
> step7 ' :: T4 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 )
> step7 ' = liftLeft4 assemble '
> shuffle2 ' :: T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 :+ ( T1 :+ T4 ) -> ( T1 :+ T4 ) :+ T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> shuffle2 ' = liftLeft4 commute .
liftLeft3 swap23 .
liftLeft2 swap23 .
liftLeft swap23 .
swap23
> shuffle1 ' :: T1 :+ T4 :+ T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T1 :+ T3 :+ T4 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> shuffle1 ' = liftLeft4 swap23
> step6 ' :: T1 :+ T3 :+ T4 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T2 :+ T4 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step6 ' = liftLeft5 assemble
> step5 ' :: T2 :+ T4 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step5 ' = liftLeft4 assemble
> step4 ' :: T3 :+ T5 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T4 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step4 ' = liftLeft3 assemble
> step3 ' :: T4 :+ T6 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T5 :+ T7 :+ T8
> step3 ' = liftLeft2 assemble
> step2 ' :: T5 :+ T7 :+ T8 -> T6 :+ T8
> step2 ' = liftLeft assemble
> step1 ' :: T6 :+ T8 -> T7
> step1 ' = assemble
> iso ' :: T1 -> T7
> iso' = step1 ' . step2 ' . step3 ' . step4 ' .
> step5 ' . step6 ' . shuffle1 ' . shuffle2 ' . step7 ' .
> step8 ' . step9 ' . step10 ' . shuffle3 ' . step11 ' .
> step12 ' . step13 ' . step14 ' . shuffle4 ' . shuffle5 ' .
> step15 ' . step16 ' . step17 ' . step18 ' . step19 ' . step20 '
return Leaf
> instance Arbitrary T where
> arbitrary = oneof [ return Leaf , return Leaf , liftM2 Fork arbitrary arbitrary ]
> main = do
> quickCheck $ \x -> x==iso ( iso ' x )
> quickCheck $ \x -> x==iso ' ( iso x )
The game of Nuclear Pennies is a game for one player played on a semi-infinite strip of sites , each of which may contain any non-negative number of pennies .
The aim is to achieve a target configuration of pennies from a starting configuration by means of penny fusion and penny fission .
In penny fission , a penny is split into a pair of pennies in the two neighbouring sites .
In penny fusion , two pennies , separated by exactly one site , are fused into one penny in the intervening site .
Obviously no fission or fusion take place at the very end site because there is no room for one of the fission products or fusion precursors .
The following diagrams show some legal moves in Nuclear Pennies : One using fission :
One using fusion : Can you achieve this target configuration : Starting from this configuration ?
It 's a surprisingly non-trivial task but I urge you to have a go .
If you give up , here 's a video solution : So a natural question arises : what single penny configurations can be achieved from that starting position ?
As every move in Nuclear Pennies is reversible , if you solved the puzzle you know we can shift a single penny 6 places left or right .
( But to move 6 spaces left we need one extra space on the left . )
So labelling positions 0,1,2 , ... we know that starting from 7 we can place a penny on 6n+1 for all non-negative n .
But what about other positions ?
We can borrow a technique from M Reiss 's seminal paper on peg solitaire : Beiträge zur Theorie des Solitär - Spiels , Crelles Journal 54 ( 1857 ) 344-379 .
The idea is to associate an algebraic value with each position and then ensure that each this is chosen so that each legal move leaves the value unchanged .
Label the sites as follows :
We consider the value of each penny to be the value of its site and to get the value of a position , add the values of the individual pennies .
If we pick x to be one of the complex cube roots of - 1 then we have x=x+1 , because x+1= ( 1+x ) ( x+1 - x ) .
We define a move to be paralegal if it does n't change the value of a position .
It should be clear that penny fusion and fission are both paralegal .
In other wordsandNow consider the values of 1, x , x , ... and so on .
It 's not hard to show that the only time an element in this sequence takes the value 1 is when the exponent is 6 .
In fact , x is a sixth root of unity .
So this shows we can never shift a single coin by anything other than a multiple of 6 sites .
As the video shows how to shift by 6 sites we know we can shift a single coin by n sites if and only if n is a multiple of 6 ( and there 's one site available to the left of the leftmost penny ) .
It 's neat that we took an excursion through the field of complex numbers to prove something about a seemingly simple piece of discrete mathematics .
But who cares about nuclear coin reactions ?
That 's not my real motivation here .
Believe it or not , each coin shuffle above corresponds to an isomorphism between certain types and solving the puzzle above actually demonstrates a really neat isomorphism between tuples of data structures .
Go back to the algebra above .
We have that legal ⇒ paralegal because coin reactions correspond to legal manipulations of x .
Fissioning a coin represents replacing x by 1+x , for example .
But the converse is n't true .
We can manipulate complex numbers in all kinds of interesting ways that do n't correspond to coin reactions .
For example , we can write - xbut we are n't allowed negative numbers of coins in a site .
But there 's another algebraic structure which corresponds exactly to coin reactions .
To see that , it 's time to start writing Haskell code : is a simple binary tree type .
That declaration simply says that in the algebra of types , T=T+1 .
Now unlike complex numbers , when you form a polynomial in the type T you can't have anything other than a non-negative integer as a coefficient .
In other words , positions in the game of Nuclear Pennies correspond precisely to polynomials , in the algebra of types , in T.
For example , consider the first move in the video solution I gave :
It corresponds toor in Haskell notation an isomorphismSo you know what I 'm going to do next , I 'm going to code up the entire solution as a Haskell program mapping seven trees to one and back again .
You do n't need to read all of the following , but I thought I 'd put it here for completeness .
So skip over the code to the end if you feel like it ...
Firstly , is a bit tedious to write .
So here 's my own implementation that uses a slightly non-standard way to write a type constructor :
We know that the type algebra is commutative , so A+B=B+A .
But that ' = ' sign is really an isomorphism , not equality , and we 'll need that isomorphism explicitly :
Same goes for associativity :
And associativity the other way .
Here I 'm starting a convention of using primes to represent the inverse of a function .
For a fixed b , ' +b ' is a functor so f :: a -> b induces a map a +b -> c+b. Unfortunately I do n't know an easy way to make ' +b ' , as opposed to ' b + ' , a functor in Haskell .
So I 'll have to make do with this function that lifts f to a+b: I 'm going to need all these .
I 'm going to represent tuples a little weirdly , though arguably this is much more natural than the usual way to write tuples .
corresponds to TAnd now we need functions to assemble and disassemble trees at the start of a tuple .
These correspond to fusion and fission respectively in the game .
Here 's the first step in the solution .
That was easy .
It gets successively harder because we need to push thefunction down into the type additions :
We 're going to use a few functions whose sole purposes is to shuffle around type additions using commutativity and associativity .
After the left - to - right sweep , here 's the right - to - left sweep :
And now we have another left - to - right sweep followed by a right - to - left sweep :
And put it all together :
At this point I might as well write the inverse .
This was mostly derived from the forward function using vim macros : Enough already !
Time to test the code .
It 's already pretty obvious that each of the steps above is invertible but let 's use Quick Check anyway .
And here 's a small puzzle : why to I havetwice ?
All done .
So time to think about what exactly we have here .
We have a way to pack 7 - tuples of trees into a single tree exactly .
It 's easy to store two trees in a tree say , just by making them the left and right branch of another tree .
But then we get some ' wastage ' because the isolated leaf does n't correspond to any pair of trees .
We have a perfect packing .
Of course the set of trees and the set of 7 - tuples of trees have the same cardinality , and it's not hard to find a bijection by enumerating these sets and laying them out side by side .
But such a bijection could get arbitrarily complicated .
But the isomorphism above only looks at the tops of the trees and can be executed lazily .
It 's a particularly nice isomorphism .
And from what I showed above , you can only pack ( 6n+1 ) - tuples into a single tree .
Weird eh ?
And everything I say here is derived from the amazing paper Seven Trees in One by Andreas Blass .
I 've mentioned it a few times before but I 've been meaning to implement the isomorphism explicitly for ages .
Blass 's paper also shows that you can , to some extent , argue paralegal ⇒ legal - something that 's far from obvious .
Poor Bridget Jones .
At the beginning of the first film about her diary and life , the character , played by actress Renée Zellweger , is fat and alone in her apartment where she mimes one of the great self - pitying song hits of all time : " All by Myself . "
But Bridget 's problem may be more than skin deep .
In new research , reported in the current online issue of the journal Social Neuroscience , researchers from the University of Georgia and San Diego State University report for the first time that social exclusion actually causes changes in a person 's brain function and can lead to poor decision - making and a diminished learning ability .
" Our findings indicate that social rejection can be a powerful influence on how people act , " said W. Keith Campbell , a psychologist who led the research .
The new research is the first to examine subjects ' brain patterns following social exclusion using the magnetoencephalography ( MEG ) technique .
Other authors of the paper include Jean Twenge of San Diego State University ; Brett Clementz and Jennifer McDowell , also psychology faculty members at UGA ; and UGA graduate students Elizabeth Krusemark , Kara Dyckman and Amy Brunnell .
Researchers have known for a long time that there is a link between social exclusion and the failure of self - control .
For instance , people who are rejected in social situations often respond by abusing alcohol , expressing aggression or performing poorly at school or work .
( Bridget Jones chooses " vodka and Chaka Khan . " )
The new study , however , is the first to use MEG to show that there are actual changes inside the brain when test subjects are manipulated to feel socially excluded .
MEG is an imaging technique that measures the magnetic fields produced by electrical activity in the brain .
It is most often used by physicians to localize brain tumors prior to surgery or to study the brain function of patients with epilepsy .
The subjects in the current study were 30 women undergraduates in a psychology course at UGA .
Each one was asked to complete a written personality questionnaire .
The team leading the experiment then said they would " feed the answers into a computer , " which was , in fact , untrue .
Instead , half of the sample , selected randomly , was told their answers showed they would " end up alone " later in life .
The others were given a more neutral assessment of their social interactions .
" At this point , we gave each of the subjects a series of simple mathematical problems , taking 25 minutes , to solve on a computer screen in front of them while they were in the MEG machine , " said Campbell .
" We presented participants with 180 problems , and what we found was surprising . "
The MEG data revealed that those in the social - exclusion group had clear differences in activity in the brain 's occipital , parietal and prefrontal cortex regions .
Those in the social - exclusion group also performed more poorly on the math questions .
The inference is that social exclusion actually affects the brain 's neural circuitry .
The parietal cortex is involved in attention , while the prefrontal cortex helps support so - called " executive functioning " processes such as working memory and other behaviors that may support self control .
" We found that there was a direct link between social exclusion , brain activity and performance , " said Campbell .
One of the advantages of the MEG technique is that brain changes can be recorded in milliseconds , not in seconds , as some research of this kind may take .
MEG actually has more advantages than other brain - imaging methods when it is used to look at real - time activity during a task .
The study may indicate why those who are never picked for athletic teams in pickup games tend to stay in that group and why those socially excluded sometimes react with inappropriate behavior or even violence .
The subjects in the UGA - San Diego State study did n't have clear or obvious reactions when they were told they would be alone later in life .
Campbell said none of them seemed obviously upset or wept , for instance .
At the end of the project , researchers told the subjects that it was completely untrue that their personality inventories showed that some of them would be alone later in life .
Bridget Jones winds up with her dream lover , as always happens in romantic comedies .
The new research , however , shows that those who are socially excluded are more apt to show self - control difficulties , and might even wind up " all by myself . "
###
The research was supported in part by a grant from the University of Georgia Research Foundation .
The difficulty may continue into adulthood .
While some men with Asperger ’s marry and have families , women almost never do , psychiatrists observe .
A 2004 study by two prominent British researchers , Michael Rutter and Patricia Howlin , followed 68 high - functioning autistics over more than two decades .
The group included only seven women , too small a sample to reach solid conclusions about gender differences , Rutter and Howlin caution .
But 15 men — 22 percent of the sample — rated “ good ” or “ very good ” for educational attainment , employment , relationships and independent living , while no women did .
Two women rated “ fair , ” compared with 11 men , and the other five women were counted as “ poor ” or “ very poor . ”
None had gone to college .
None reported having friends or living on their own .
Only one had a job .
Undermined by anxiety and depression , women with autism appear to be more often confined to the small world of their families .
When Caitlyn started kindergarten and did n’t play normally with other kids , her mother , Juli , thought it was because she had n’t gone to preschool .
The first warning of real trouble came from the first - grade gym teacher , who told Juli that Caitlyn exposed herself to the class .
Caitlyn is overweight , and she has always been private about her body .
Juli could n’t imagine her daughter taking off her clothes in public , and when she asked what had happened , Caitlyn said another girl had pulled down her pants .
“ Caitlyn stood there mortified , ” Juli says .
“ But she could n’t express that to the teacher . ”
Caitlyn lives with her mother , her older sister , the girls ’ great - grandparents and a pair of poodles in Farmington , outside of Salt Lake City .
( Her father died before she was 2 . )
Until second grade , Caitlyn had a neighborhood friend with whom she went to school .
Other than that , she was often alone in class .
Her teachers were frequently frustrated with her inability to work and play in groups .
But she connected with a few adults — in fifth grade , one class aide took her horseback riding , and the school librarian gave Caitlyn her own copy of “ Spindle ’s End , ” a retelling of “ Sleeping Beauty , ” “ because she said I helped her so much , ” Caitlyn remembers .
Contrary to the Asperger ’s stereotype , Caitlyn struggles in math but tests in the highly gifted range in reading and writing .
This is another sex difference that Lord sees among her patients .
“ I do n’t have any real data , but a lot of high - functioning girls are real readers — not great on subtleties , but they like fantasies and the ‘ Baby - Sitters ’ series , ” she says .
“ The boys are much less so . ”
In elementary school , Caitlyn went to special - education classes for math and social skills .
At 11 , as other girls began to slip out of reach , Asperger ’s was diagnosed .
The shift a year later to junior high for seventh grade was a jolt .
By the second week of school , a few boys were mocking Caitlyn ’s weight and calling her weird while other kids laughed .
“ No one would sit by me at lunch , ” Caitlyn says .
Girls told her that they did n’t want her to be in their reading group .
Caitlyn did her homework , but she was too anxious to walk to the front of the room to turn it in .
At home , her neighborhood friend no longer came out to play .
In the winter , Caitlyn switched from a special - education math class into a mainstream one , and the kids in her new class made her miserable .
For days she refused to go to school .
She told Lainhart : “ No one likes me at lunch .
I ’m very sad . ”
( With Juli ’s and Caitlyn ’s permission , I read Lainhart ’s notes on Caitlyn ’s treatment . )
After a huge outburst of anger at home , Caitlyn told her mother that she wanted to die .
At her next appointment with Lainhart , she said : “ I listen to people ’s conversations during free time in science .
They talk about live games , R- rated movies , outfits .
I feel left out . ”
Caitlyn told Lainhart about two dreams .
In one , her school had a bridge running through it , and she kept falling off .
In the second , she was in the lunchroom throwing a party ; no one came .
Lainhart says that while boys are aware of rejection and bullying , in her experience they are not hurt by it to the extent that some girls are .
“ I have rarely had a male patient with autism become suicidal or express such intense emotional pain , ” she says .
Caitlyn has never hit another child .
But at school , her retorts to her peers — “ I yelled at a . . . little bimbo .
They yelled at me , ” she told Lainhart during one appointment — pushed them further away .
With Lainhart ’s help , Juli persuaded the school to let her daughter eat lunch in a classroom rather than in the cafeteria .
Still , Caitlyn ’s grades dropped from A ’s and B’s to D’s and F’s .
Her anxiety level spiked , and her sadness bloomed into depression .
After a very difficult and inconclusive meeting in ABNT ( Brazilian Technical Standards Organization ) office last tuesday , the standards process director had to analyze the audio recording of all the meeting , review some facts , review again all 63+2 comments produced by the technical group about the ECMA specification , and conclude that a NO for OOXML is the correct position for Brazil in ISO Fast Track process .
Brazil will fill the ISO form with a NO and will attach the 63+2 technical comments to it .
I was a member of the technical group that have studied OOXML specification extensively .
I learned that it is unbelievable how ECMA ( same guys that put together the JavaScript standard ! ) can think that a wannabe spec like OOXML is ready for submission .
It is incomplete ( does not provide mappings with legacy standards , since compatibility is OOXML goal ) , too long ( 6000 + pages ) , fully tied to a single product , uses deprecated substandards , promotes bad practices ( embedded binary objects ) , has clear proprietary hooks ( like “ formatAsWord95 ” XML tags ) , reinvents the wheel all around ( date and color formats etc ) , and most of all does not have a standards - grade look and feel required for a universal and ( virtually ) eternal document format ( does n’t have to be perfect , but ca n’t be that imperfect ) .
Shame on you , ECMA .
Your position as a trusted standards organization was severely damaged .
In my opinion , the YES - voting countries are not reading the OOXML specification , are making a pure political decision or simply do n’t have a standardization process .
This is not to mention that they completely ignored the fact that a similar standard — ODF — already exists .
Neither is the case of Brazil and our ABNT .
Countries that will absent their vote probably had a tough time in the decision process with a lot of conflicts between political ramblings and technical facts .
This was almost the case for Brazil and our ABNT , but we got the courage to do the right thing .
In parallel , ABNT is turning the OpenDocument Format into a national standard and will adopt and promote as it is : a truly open , universal and independent format for digital documents .
This is a happy day .
Media news that link here ( a.k.a. egotrip ) :
Links to other sources :
An illegal immigrant from Lebanon with relatives linked to the militant Islamic group Hezbollah paid a U.S. citizen to marry her and then lied her way through national security background checks to become an agent for the FBI and the CIA .
She used her position to secretly access government computers for information about her relatives and a U.S. investigation into the group , authorities said Tuesday .
Nada Nadim Prouty , a 37 - year - old Lebanese national , pleaded guilty to conspiracy , unauthorized computer access and naturalization fraud in federal court in Detroit and agreed to cooperate with authorities in an ongoing investigation into the security breaches .
Prouty ’s case is a major embarrassment for the FBI and the CIA , which supposedly had tightened their personnel screening and monitoring after CIA officer Aldrich H. Ames and FBI Special Agent Robert Hanssen were caught selling secrets to foreign governments .
But officials emphasized that the investigation had not uncovered any evidence that Prouty gave Hezbollah or its operatives classified information .
Law enforcement officials said a multi-agency probe was underway to determine how the breaches occurred , what Prouty may have done with the information she accessed from FBI computers , and whether she improperly obtained information from the CIA .
Advertisement
“ It is hard to imagine a greater threat than the situation where a foreign national uses fraud to attain citizenship and then , based on that fraud , insinuates herself into a sensitive position in the U.S. government , ” U.S. Atty .
Stephen J. Murphy in Detroit said in a statement .
In her signed plea agreement , Prouty admitted to accessing FBI computer files on Hezbollah first in 2000 and again in 2003 , when she accessed case files on a top - secret national security investigation into the militant group that the FBI was conducting .
At the time , Prouty ’s brother - in - law , who owned a Detroit restaurant where Prouty once worked as a waitress , was suspected of having strong ties to senior Hezbollah officials in Lebanon , where the group is headquartered .
Prouty also was accused of improperly taking classified information home while at the FBI , and of working with other Lebanese nationals in what appeared to be a conspiracy to gain U.S. citizenship through fraudulent marriages and then get government law enforcement , intelligence and military jobs with security clearances .
Advertisement
The ongoing investigation is being conducted by the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security ’s Immigration and Customs Enforcement bureau , with assistance from the State Department ’s Diplomatic Security Service and the Internal Revenue Service , officials said .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said it was too early to say what kind of security breaches might have been involved .
Prouty faces a maximum penalty of 16 years in prison and $ 600,000 in fines , and loss of her U.S. citizenship .
But under the terms of the plea deal , she faces only six to 12 months if she cooperates fully .
“ I ’m not sure this speaks tremendously well of either agency , ” one U.S. official who is familiar with the case said of the FBI and the CIA .
“ But the fact of the matter is that this is a case of naturalization fraud .
At this point , there is no reason to treat this as a counter - intelligence case , ” said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly about the case .
Advertisement
Officials would not say how Prouty ’s scheme was exposed .
Willie T. Hulon , executive assistant director of the FBI ’s National Security Branch , said the bureau became aware of Prouty ’s activities in December 2005 and moved to address any further damage .
“ We continue to evaluate our security practices and will make any necessary changes , ” Hulon said in a statement .
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano said the agency was cooperating with the investigation .
“ The naturalization issue occurred well before she was hired by the bureau ” and 13 years before she joined the CIA , he said .
Attempts to reach Prouty ’s lawyer Thomas W. Cranmer were unsuccessful .
A relative of Prouty , reached by phone from California , said Tuesday night that she could not discuss the case or anything about the former CIA officer .
To join the FBI and CIA , Prouty had to be a U.S. citizen and undergo a background check .
Officials at both agencies insisted that thorough background checks had been done .
FBI spokesman Stephen Kodak said agents interviewed family , friends and associates in the U.S. and Lebanon to make sure Prouty did not pose a security risk , and that Prouty passed a polygraph test .
Advertisement
“ We relied on her legitimate naturalization documents .
What the investigation revealed was that those naturalization papers were obtained through a long - term pattern of fraudulent claims , ” Kodak said .
“ Do additional measures need to be implemented ?
Possibly . ”
Prouty , who also goes by several other names , was described in court papers as a resident of Vienna , Va. , who resigned from the CIA in recent weeks as part of the plea agreement .
At the CIA , Prouty was a midlevel operations officer who used her Lebanese background and language skills to work on issues focusing on the Middle East , according to the knowledgeable U.S. official .
He added that he was unaware of any instances in which she was involved in gathering intelligence on Hezbollah .
“ And there has been no allegation that she ever had ties to Hezbollah , ” the U.S. official said in an assessment that was echoed by the federal law enforcement officials .
The U.S. government has designated Hezbollah , also known as the “ Party of God , ” as a global terrorist organization .
The Shiite group also has financial ties and other links to Iran .
Advertisement
Hezbollah also has had a significant fundraising presence in the U.S. , particularly within large Middle Eastern enclaves in cities such as Detroit and Dearborn , Mich .
Prouty came to one of those enclaves in Michigan in 1989 on a one - year , non-immigrant student visa .
After overstaying her visa , she obtained a fraudulent marriage in 1990 by paying an unemployed U.S. citizen in Detroit to marry her , the court records state .
From there , Prouty lied her way into obtaining U.S. citizenship , and worked as a waitress and hostess for a Middle Eastern restaurant chain called La Shish Inc. that was owned by suspected Hezbollah operative Talal Khalil Chahine .
Chahine even wrote a letter for submission into Prouty ’s immigration file attesting to the validity of Prouty ’s false marriage , the court papers said .
In 1999 , Prouty was hired by the FBI as a sworn agent and sent to its Washington field office , where she worked on a squad that investigates crimes against citizens working overseas .
She was not assigned to work on investigations involving Hezbollah , the FBI said .
Advertisement
The next year , Prouty ’s sister , Elfat El Aouar , married Chahine .
And less than a month later , Prouty accessed the FBI case management system “ without authorization , and beyond her authorized access ” to query her own name and that of her sister and Chahine .
She also began taking “ an unknown quantity ” of classified information home with her , against FBI policy , the court records state .
In August 2002 , Prouty ’s sister and Chahine attended a fundraising event in Lebanon where the keynote speakers were Hezbollah leader Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah and Chahine himself .
The next summer , Prouty illegally accessed the FBI computers again .
This time , she accessed an automated case system for information about a national security investigation into Hezbollah that was being conducted by the FBI ’s Detroit field office , the court records show .
Later that year , Prouty joined the CIA , where she remained until earlier this month .
Advertisement
The court papers unsealed Tuesday provide details about Prouty and her systematic efforts to become a U.S. citizen and get jobs at the FBI and the CIA .
But the papers and interviews with officials at the various agencies also left many questions unanswered .
One revolves around Chahine ’s time in the U.S. and his connections to Hezbollah and to Prouty .
Now a fugitive believed to be in Lebanon , Chahine was charged in Michigan in 2006 , along with Prouty ’s sister and others , with tax evasion in connection with an alleged scheme to conceal more than $ 20 million in cash received by La Shish restaurants and to route funds to Lebanon , according to a Justice Department statement .
Last month , Chahine was also charged , along with a senior official from the Immigration and Customs Enforcement bureau in Detroit and others , in a bribery and extortion conspiracy in which federal immigration benefits were allegedly awarded to illegal immigrants in exchange for money , the Justice Department said .
Advertisement
josh.meyer@latimes.com
Legal expert ' baffled ' why White House would invoke executive privilege in Tillman case David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday July 16 , 2007 Print This Email
This Keith Olbermann reported Monday that the administration is facing two deadlines where the House of Representatives has called for officials to testify and the administration is invoking executive privilege .
One has to do with the death in Afghanistan of former football star Pat Tillman , which the Pentagon used for propaganda purposes instead of acknowledging it was the result of friendly fire .
The other involves a subpoena to White House Counsel Harriet Miers over the US Attorney firings that Miers has refused to honor .
Constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley joined Olbermann , who began by asking him about " inherent contempt , " an old - fashioned process that the House might use to prosecute Miers directly , instead of waiting on the US Attorney for Washington , DC to bring charges .
Turley explained that 200 years ago , Congress used to routinely try people and that the sergeant - at - arms had men and weapons at his disposal to bring people in .
The practice lapsed because it became a nuisance and has not been used for 70 years , but it remains available .
Turley went on to say that he was bewildered by the White House 's willingness to involve itself in such a clearcut case of contempt .
" The most straightforward act of contempt is not showing up , " he said of Miers .
" I 'm not too sure why the White House did that .
It was , in my view , a rather silly thing and dangerous thing to do .
She could have shown up and still invoked privilege , but instead she did n't show up , and there are plenty of questions that might have been asked of her which did not involve privilege . "
" Usually presidents will cooperate , " Turley said in dismay .
" The Tillman case is a great example of that .
It 's unbelievably weak as an assertion , but the White House seems to be invoking executive privilege if anyone is within a 25 mile radius of the building .
It 's as clever and as elegant as a meat cleaver .
...
Past presidents have compromised .
On something like Tillman ?
I do n't think past presidents would have said , ' Let 's fight this one out . ' "
" This is really coming out of Vice President Cheney 's shop , " Turley concluded .
" Past presidents have issued conditional waivers .
They 've said , ' Look , we 're invoking executive privilege but we 're going to waive it in this circumstance because we think the public has a right to know . ' ...
What occurred to Tillman truly shocks the conscience .
...
Why anyone in the White House would stand on executive privilege ... it baffles the mind . "
The following video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast on July 16 .
10 Essential Releases
IDM began in the early nineties as a British response to Detroit techno ( and especially to Carl Craig ’s varied beats ) .
The melding of Detroit dance soul with cerebral prog .
rock and classical influences created a distinctive sound that ’s since been lost .
Here ’s a list of seminal long - players which capture that early “ intelligent ” feeling .
The Black Dog : Book of Dogma
Soma , 2007
This is a brand new re-issue of the old GPR compilation Parallel , which encompasses two early EPs : Parallel Squelch from 1991 and Vanttool from 1992 ( as well as a couple of clubby tracks from the VIR²L Remix EP ) .
In their early years , The Black Dog were Ken Downie , Ed Handley , and Andy Turner .
Handley also recorded as Balil , most notably on the ART 1 EP , and Handley and Turner were ( are ) Plaid .
This seems to be where it all started — these three guys were already making lush , trippy records while the rest of the British scene was all techno and acid house .
As an added bonus , this release includes The Black Dog ’s first three self - published EPs from 1989 and 1990 .
Various : Artificial Intelligence
Warp , 1992
It ’s impossible to over - emphasize the influence of this compilation .
It features early tracks by Richard James ( as The Dice Man ) , Autechre , The Orb ’s Dr. Alex Paterson , Black Dog Productions ( Downie as I.A.O. ) , and Musicology ( aka B12 ) .
This was a British electronica manifesto .
While it apparently did n’t sell all that spectacularly , it did introduce IDM to home listeners the world over .
The Aphex Twin : Classics
R&S , 1994
This collection nicely summarizes Richard James ’ early work , containing the 1992 EPs Digeridoo and Xylem Tube in their entirety , the title track from the first Analogue Bubble Bath EP , “ Metapharstic ” off the Mayday compilation , and two Aphex Twin mixes of Mescalinum United tracks .
Most of these cuts are very dark , with hard beats and brooding minor keys .
Only “ Polynomial - C ” and “ Analogue Bubblebath 1 ” are truly uplifting .
Caustic Window : Compilation
Rephlex , 1993
This is a compilation of three famous EPs : Joyrex J4 and Joyrex J5 from 1992 and Joyrex J9 from 1993 .
On these early tracks , published on the label he co-founded , Richard James manages to infuse the hardest , most industrial beats with hints of vulnerable melody .
There ’s lots of punishing distortion , but “ Cordialatron ” and “ On the Romance Tip ” are surprisingly beautiful .
Reload : Evolution
Evolution , 2006
This is the only release here not available on CD , but these EPs can be downloaded in MP3 or FLAC format from BLEEP .
Reload was originally just Mark Prichard , but for his second EP , he began a fruitful collaboration with classically trained pianist Tom Middleton ( who was fresh off working with Richard James on the first Analogue Bubblebath ) .
Evolution compiles The Reload EP and The Autoreload EP from 1992 and The Biosphere EP from 1993 .
These highly influential tracks range from hard acid to cinematic beauty .
In 1992 , Middleton and Prichard also released The Keongaku EP as Global Communication .
It is included in the bonus tracks on the recent reissue of 76:14 .
AFX : Analogue Bubblebath 3
Rephlex , 1993
By now you ’ve realized there ’s a lot of Richard James on this list .
In the early nineties , James was at his most prolific .
Like the Caustic Window EPs , these compositions mix cold rave beats with delicate melodies .
“ .000890569 ” famously features a vacuum cleaner .
My favorite track , “ .942937 , ” is reminiscent of James ’ ambient works .
Aphex Twin : Selected Ambient Works 85-92
Apollo , 1993
Speaking of which , this album , while less famous than its follow - up on Warp , is a beautiful selection of moody , subdued compositions .
This marks the transition from dance floor to home listening .
Most of these tracks have beats , but the focus is on softer sounds and experimentation .
Polygon Window : Surfing On Sine Waves
Warp , 1993
The fifth and final full - length from Richard James in just two years , and it ’s another essential !
From the unrelenting kick drum and metal clangs of the techno single “ Quoth , ” to sinister robotic voices on “ UT1 - dot , ” squelchy 303 acid on track 7 , and the quiet ambience of “ Quino - Phec , ” James continues to show his range .
Only a couple of the dance tracks seem dated .
Black Dog Productions : Bytes
Warp , 1993
The Black Dog ’s three members exercised their aliases on this faux compilation of new material .
All of these tracks were ahead of their time .
Plaid ’s “ Object Orient ” sets the perfect tone with deep , pulsing bass , disco samples , and chimes .
“ Caz ” and “ Jauqq ” by Downie ’s Close Up Over are the most beautiful of the bunch , both sounding very late - nineties .
There ’s already that distinctive Black Dog sound : creative melodies , innovative synth use , and a touch of soul .
Autechre : Incunabula
Warp , 1993
The album that inspired a thousand imitations .
Autechre introduced the “ crunchy ” beat and a glitchy melodic style which has , unfortunately , taken over IDM to the exclusion of most everything else .
But a lot of us will never forget the first time we heard the confident complexity of “ Kalpol Introl ” and the thick basslines , flittering keyboards , and hidden voices that follow .
It was a sound which seemed to come out of nowhere , and it shows how far IDM evolved in a mere three years .
Further Listening
Work time is the primary lifestyle factor with the largest reciprocal relationship to a person ’s sleep time – the more hours a person works , the less sleep that he or she gets , according to a study published in the September 1 issue of the journal SLEEP .
The study , authored by Mathias Basner , MD , of the University of Pennsylvania , focused on a total of 47,731 respondents to the American Time Use Survey ( ATUS ) conducted in 2003 , 2004 and 2005 .
The telephone survey was 15 - 20 minutes in length , and asked people how they spent their time between 4 a .m. the previous day and 4 a .m. the interview day , including where they were and whom they were with .
According to the results , most waking activities were inversely related to sleep time .
The largest reciprocal relationship to sleep on both weekdays and weekends was found for work time .
Respondents who slept four - and - a - half hours or less worked an average of 93 minutes more on weekdays and 118 minutes more on weekends than the average sleeper , while those who slept 11 - and - a - half hours or more worked an average of 143 minutes less on weekdays and 71 minutes less on weekends than the average sleeper .
“ These cross-sectional results in a nationally representative sample suggest that compensated work time is the most potent determinant of sleep time , in which case work time should be considered an important factor when evaluating the relationship between sleep time and morbidity and mortality , ” said Dr. Basner .
Dr. Basner noted that travel time ( which composed of work commute time and all other travel time ) on both weekdays and weekends was an unexpected second - place factor reciprocally related to sleep time .
These data suggest avenues for further research , such as how sleep time may be squeezed by work commutes that are starting earlier in the morning ( to work ) and / or later in the day ( to home ) , or commutes that are getting longer due to such factors as urban sprawl or traffic volume growing faster than transport capacity , said Dr. Basner .
The findings also highlight how little is known about how non-commute travel , such as to shops , to schools , to religious and social events , or long distance travel might be reducing sleep time , added Dr. Basner .
Short sleep was also moderately related to time spent for socializing , relaxing and leisure on weekends .
Short sleepers also spent more time engaged in education , household activities and , for very short sleepers , watching TV .
Except for time spent watching TV , which increased with longer sleep times , all waking activities decreased with increasing sleep time .
The differences between weekday and weekend results were minor , except for two activities .
Short sleepers spent less time watching TV than respondents with average sleep times on weekends in all sleep categories , and long sleepers spent less time socializing , relaxing and leisure activities than respondents with average sleep times .
The extent to which sleep time was exchanged for waking activities was also shown to depend on age and gender .
Sleep time was minimal while work time was maximal in the age group 45 - 54 years , and sleep time increased both with lower and higher age .
The ATUS is a federally administered , continuous survey on time use in the United States sponsored by the Bureau of Labor Statistics and conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau .
The goal of the survey is to measure how people divide their time among life ’s activities in a nationally representative sample .
Experts recommend that adults get seven - to - eight hours of sleep each night for good health and optimum performance .
Those who suspect that they might be suffering from a sleep disorder are encouraged to discuss their problem with their primary care physician or a sleep specialist .
Source : American Academy of Sleep Medicine
Explore further
Too much or too little sleep bad for your brain
The Catsters on YouTube : “ Monads ”
Posted by John Baez
You can see all sorts of silly things on YouTube these days — from guys flying in wingsuits to math professors making mistakes converting miles to kilometers .
But what about serious stuff ?
Can you watch math lectures on YouTube ?
Can you learn category theory ?
Can you , say , learn about monads ?
Yes !
Now you can !
Just try these videos from the new sensation out of Sheffield — the group that has all the British press raving — the Catsters !
So far it looks like the big star of the Catsters is Eugenia Cheng .
However , I hear that Simon Willerton is playing a vital role behind the scenes .
Maybe he ’ll star in some future videos .
I hope this is the beginning of a new trend : higher mathematics on YouTube !
Posted at September 16 , 2007 5:34 PM UTC
50 Senior Military , Intelligence , & Govt. Critics of 9/11 Commission
Berg , Philip J. - Deputy Attorney General , Pennsylvania
Bowman , Col. Robert - Director of Advanced Space Programs Development under Presidents Ford and Carter
Burks , Fred - State Department Interpreter for Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton
Christison , William - Director of the CIA 's Office of Regional and Political Analysis
Cleland , Senator Max - Member of the 9/11 Commission .
Former U.S. Senator from Georgia
Cole , John M - Intelligence Operations Specialist , FBI
Conrad , David Mark - Agent in Charge , Internal Affairs , U.S. Customs
Costello , Edward J. - Special Agent , Counterterrorism , FBI
Dew , Rosemary N. - Supervisory Special Agent , Counterterrorism & Counterintelligence , FBI
Dzakovic , Bogdan - Counterterrorism expert , FAA
Edmonds , Sibel - Language Translation Specialist , FBI
Elson , Steve - Special Agent , FAA
Fitts , Catherine Austin - Assistant Secretary of Housing under George H.W. Bush
Freeh , Louis - Director of the FBI , 1993 - 2001
Goodman , Melvin - Division Chief and Senior Analyst of Soviet Affairs , CIA
Goulder , Morton - Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under Presidents Nixon , Ford , Carter
Graf , Mark - Security Supervisor , Department of Energy
Graham , Gilbert M. - Special Agent , Counterintelligence , FBI
Heikal , Mohamed Hassanein - Foreign Minister , Egypt
Hellyer , Paul - Minister of National Defense and Deputy Prime Minister , Canada
Honegger , Barbara - White House Policy Analyst Under Ronald Reagan
Ivashov , Gen. Leonid - Chief of Staff of the Russian Armed Forces
Kleiman , Diane - Special Agent , U.S. Customs
Kwiatkowski , Lt. Col. Karen - Political Military Affairs Officer , Office of the Secretary of Defense
Larkin , Lynne A. - Operation Officer , CIA
MacMichael , David - Senior Estimates Officer , CIA
McGovern , Raymond L. - Chairman , National Intelligence Estimates , CIA
Meacher , Michael - Undersecretary for Industry , Minister for the Environment , UK
Nelson , Col. George - U.S. Air Force aircraft crash investigator
Pahle , Theodore J. - Senior Intelligence Officer , Defense Intelligence Agency
Peck , Edward L. - Deputy Director of the White House Task Force on Terrorism under Ronald Reagan
Ray , Col. Ronald D. - Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under Ronald Reagan
Reynolds , Morgan - Chief Economist , U.S. Department of Labor under George W. Bush
Ritter , Maj. Scott - Marine Corps Intelligence Officer and Chief UN Weapons Inspector in Iraq
Roberts , Paul Craig - Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Treasury under Ronald Reagan
Rokke , Maj . Douglas - Director U.S. Army Depleted Uranium Project
Sarshar , Behrooz - Language Translation Specialist , FBI
Shayler , David - Counterterrorism Agent , MI5 ( UK )
Stubblebine , Maj. Gen. Albert - Commanding General , U.S. Army Intelligence
Sullivan , Brian F. - Special Agent and Risk Management Specialist , FAA
Tortorich , Larry J. - US Naval Officer and Dept. of Homeland Security
Turner , Jane A. - Special Agent , FBI
Vincent , John B. - Special Agent , Counterterrorism , FBI
von Buelow , Andreas - Minister of National Defense , West Germany
Weldon , Rep. Curt - Vice Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee
Whitehurst , Dr. Fred - Supervisory Special Agent , Forensic Examiner , FBI
Wittenberg , Capt . Russ - Air Force Fighter Pilot and Commercial Jet Pilot
Wright , Col. Ann - U.S. Army and Former Diplomat
Zipoli , Matthew J. - Special Response Team Officer , Department of Energy
http://patriotsquestion911.com/
NYC : 5,000 in suit over WTC illness
World War 4 Report - Brooklyn , NY , USA
... have died as a result of the deadly mixture of chemicals they were exposed to as they searched for survivors in the ruins of the World Trade Center or aided in ... full story >>
People are Dying Because the White House , EPA , and Giuliani Lied ! :
In order to " reopen Wall Street " the Bush administration censored crucial EPA and New York City Health Department warnings that the air after 9/11 was highly poisonous .
The White House forced the EPA to say " The air is safe to breathe " at the World Trade Center .
This has seriously injured the health of Manhattan workers and residents , is even killing some of the heroes who worked at " Ground Zero " ... full story >>
74 % Want Investigation into Giuliani's lies about the deadly dust at the WTC .
Giuliani , Christie Todd Whitman , the New York State and City Health Department all lied that the " Air is safe to breathe " .
See poll summary
See full details
Watch Video Trailer : 911 : Dust and Deceit at the WTC
Bloomberg withholds help for Dying Heroes !
Notables Claiming Government Lying :
Professor Steven E. Jones and sixty out of sixty academics think bombs , not the planes and fires caused the collapses of the WTC !
" Only professional demolition * ... account for the ... collapses " , Bush Chief Economist for Labor , Morgan Reynolds .
Harper ’s Magazine , Senator Mark Dayton , and others , call 9/11 Commission a “ whitewash ” full of errors , “ lies ” , and omissions .
" And then There Came a Day of Fire "
Presidential Pretender George Bush 's Inaugural Speech is Straight From The Bible , Revelations !
Bush invokes " God " 4 times and has 13 biblical references .
The Financial Times wrote , " the lunatics are now in charge of the asylum . "
CBS Marketwatch news wrote , Bush has " lost his marbles " .
Former editor of the Wall Street Journal and Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury : The US government has fallen into the hands of psychopaths ... may be set to stage another terror attack in the US .
George Bush is feeling paranoid about by several of his most senior aides and advisors and has severely restricted access to the Oval Office .
" The atmosphere in the Oval Office has become unbearable , " a source said .
" Even the family is split . "
Rarely sees his own father .
full story >>
" President Bush said to all of us : ' I 'm driven with a mission from God .
' God would tell me , ' George , go and fight those terrorists in Afghanistan ' . "
" And I did , and then God would tell me , ' George , go and end the tyranny in Iraq ...'
And I did .
" At Church one day [ Tom DeLay , House Majority Leader ] listened as the pastor declared that ' the war between America and Iraq is the gateway to the Apocalypse . '
DeLay rose to speak , not only to the congregation but to 225 Christian TV and radio stations .
' Ladies and gentlemen , ' he said , ' what has been spoken here tonight is the truth of God . ' "
Click here for full story
The struggle is over who gets to be the next president , a post reserved for a Christian under Lebanon ’s Constitution , and which must be filled by the end of November .
But the larger question — one that is prompting rival Christian factions to threaten war — is whether Lebanese Christians must accept their minority status and get along with the Muslim majority ( the choice of the popular Gen. Michel Aoun ) or whether Christians should insist on special privileges no matter what their share of the population ( the position of veteran civil war factions like the Phalange and the Lebanese Forces ) .
The government dedicated an extraordinary cabinet session in September to reports that Christian factions had opened militia training camps in the mountains .
The police have arrested two groups of Christians allegedly linked to General Aoun ’s party — the most recent on Thursday — and accused them of illegal weapons training .
One group said that they were on a picnic and the other that they were “ playing . ”
General Aoun said his followers keep only “ personal weapons , ” like most Lebanese .
Mr. Abbas , the man in the tattoo parlor , used to work as a luxury hotel receptionist .
In the last six months , in anticipation of a coming struggle , he has moved his family out of Beirut to the mountains , and has joined the militant wing of the Lebanese Forces , a pro-government party .
Government leaders say they worry that within days of a renewed conflict , heavy weapons could flow to rival Christian factions from Israel , France , Syria , or even the United States .
... to our coordinator .
An example of political speech Google DOES allow : if you type in keywords " support the president " the following ad comes up :
Elect More Republicans
The Party of Lincoln , Reagan and You .
Support the RNC today .
www.gop.com
Also included is a list of impeachment - related advertising which Google allows .
What 's the difference between " Impeach Bush " and " Help Impeach Cheney Now ? "
Our feeling is the line is drawn at political advertising which might actually wake people up , is too effective .
Please circulate widely , and in the meantime , use Yahoo for your search engine .
Ralph Lopez
http://YaliesForImpeachment.org
Fri , 16 Nov 2007 12:31:14 - 0000
From : " AdWords Support " < adwords-support@google.com >
To : neimpeach@yahoo.com
Subject : Re : [ #214960338 ]
My ad has had no activity Hello Susan , Thank you for your email .
I understand you are concerned that your ad was
not running .
I looked into your account and found that your ad was under
review therefore not running .
Our specialist have reviewed your ad and have disapproved it .
At this time , Google policy does not permit ad text that advocates against
an individual , group , or organization .
In addition , this policy does not
permit the advertisement of websites that advocate against a group
protected by law .
As noted in our advertising terms and conditions , we
reserve the right to exercise editorial discretion when it comes to the
advertising we accept on our site .
Please note that both your ad and
keywords have been suspended at this time .
If you have additional questions , please visit the AdWords Help Center
at https://adwords.google.com/... where you
will find answers to many frequently asked questions about AdWords Starter Edition .
We look forward to providing you with the most effective and
user - friendly advertising available .
------------
ADS GOOGLE PUBLISHES , do a google search of " impeach cheney impeach bush etc.etc .
Impeachment of Cheney
Better World Links
Informations & Resources
www.betterworldlinks.org
Should Bush Be Impeached ?
Iraq , Torture , Wiretaps , Lies
Sign our Petition to Congress !
democrats.com / impeach
Progressive strategies
for progressive campaigns .
Boost your margin of victory .
www.ImpactPolitics.net
We hit first .
And second .
Hard hitting communications for
hard - fought campaigns .
www.ImpactPolitics.net
Bush Cheney Apparel
Buy Bush Cheney apparel & gifts .
1000 + unique merchandise designs .
www.CafePress.com
Impeach the President
The Case Against
Bush and Cheney
www.sevenstories.com
Libby Pardoned WTF ?
Tees
Outraged that Libby was Pardoned ?
Angry re : Bush illegal activities ?
PoliticallyCorrectTradingCo.com
Impeach Bush
It 's time !
Make a statement w/ tees
hoodies , stickers , buttons , more .
www.CafePress.com
Hilarious Anti-Bush Gear
Shop the funniest , most outrageous
Bush - bashing gear on Earth !
whitehousegiftshop.org
“ Fermat 's last Python script ”
fermat.py
Everything you loved in the first game , but more of it , ja ?
Features a new Practice mode , and 65 new songs including :
Leben Sie Der Traum -- Polka your way up from Der Rathskeller to Oktoberfest in Munich !
Hit all the right notes and get the crowd on their feet waving their beer steins in unison - you are an accordion hero !
Includes all the great accordion melodies you 've ever gotten really , really drunk to ... from Ein Munchen Steht Ein Hofbrauhaus to Rock You Like A Hurricane .
Accordion Hero comes with one Gloss Black USB accordion controller .
Kirschrot ( Cherry Red ) controller sold separately for two - player squeeze action .
Awesomely rad sticker sheet included .
Alexander Hamilton was an ambitious young striver and created an economy where people like him could rise and succeed .
He used government to rouse the energies of the merchant class , to widen the circle of property owners and to dissolve the constraints on commerce and mobility .
Abraham Lincoln was another ambitious young striver .
As a young politician , he championed roads , canals and banks so enterprising farm boys like himself could ascend and prosper .
While he was president , the Republican Party passed the Homestead Act , which gave people access to property they could enrich and develop .
It passed the Land Grant College Act , so the ambitious would have access to knowledge .
It passed railroad legislation to open vistas for the young and aspiring .
Margaret Thatcher was another young striver .
When she became prime minister , she gave the British working class access to homes and property so that they would become more industrious and independent .
You ’d think that in this and every election , the Republicans would want to continue this tradition .
You ’d think that they ’d start every election by putting themselves at the kitchen tables of middle - class families with ambitious kids .
Their first questions would be :
What are the barriers to their mobility ?
What concrete help do these people need to realize their dreams ?
The Consumer Price per 100 brand name " Xanax 1mg " is $ 136.79 .
The cost of the general active ingredients per 100 tab / cap is - $ 0.024 .
The percentage of markup is 569,958 % .
Actual Cost Of Making These Popular Prescription Drugs
Posted November 8 , 2003 thepeoplesvoice.org
From Dr. Betty Martini / Bettym19@mindspring.com
From JUDICIAL REFORM INVESTIGATIONS / justice@court.to
Did you ever wonder how much it costs a drug company for the Active ingredient in prescription medications ?
Some people think it must cost a lot , since many drugs sell for more than $ 2.00 per tablet .
We did a search of offshore chemical synthesizers that supply the active ingredients found in drugs approved by the FDA .
As we have revealed in past issues of Life Extension , a significant percentage of drugs sold in the United States contain active ingredients made in other countries .
In our independent investigation of how much profit drug companies really make , we obtained the actual price of active ingredients used in some of the most popular drugs sold in America .
The chart below speaks for itself .
BRAND NAME CONSUMER
PRICE 100 COST OF GENERAL ACTIVE INGREDIENTS
per 100 tab / cap PERCENT MARKUP Celebrex 100 mg
Claritin 10 mg
Keflex 250 mg
Lipitor 20 mg
Norvasc 10 mg
Paxil 20 mg
Prevacid 30 mg
Prilosec 20 mg
Prozac 20 mg
Tenormin 50 mg
Vasotec 10 mg
Xanax 1mg
Zestril 20 mg
Zithromax 600mg
Zocor 40mg
Zoloft 50mg
$ 130.27
$ 215.17
$ 157.39
$ 272.37
$ 188.29
$ 220.27
$ 44.77
$ 360.97
$ 247.47
$ 104.47
$ 102.37
$ 136.79
$ 89.89
$ 1,482.19
$ 350.27
$ 206.87 $ 0.60
$ 0.71
$ 1.88
$ 5.80
$ 0.14
$ 7.60
$ 1.01
$ 0.52
$ 0.11
$ 0.13
$ 0.20
$ 0.024
$ 3.20
$ 18.78
$ 8.63
$ 1.75 21,712 %
30,306 %
8,372 %
4,696 %
134,493 %
2,898 %
34,136 %
69,417 %
224,973 %
80,362 %
51,185 %
569,958 %
2,809 %
7,892 %
4,059 %
11,821 % Since the cost of prescription drugs is so outrageous , I thought everyone I knew should know about this .
Please read the following and pass it on .
It pays to shop around .
This helps to solve the mystery as to why they can afford to put a Walgreens on every corner ...
On Monday night , Steve Wilson , an investigative reporter for channel 7 News in Detroit , did a story on generic drug price gouging by pharmacies .
He found in his investigation , that some of these generic drugs were marked up as much as 3,000 % or more .
Yes , that 's not a typo ..... three thousand percent !
So often , we blame the drug companies for the high cost of drugs , and usually rightfully so .
But in this case , the fault clearly lies with the pharmacies themselves .
For example , if you had to buy a prescription drug , and bought the name brand , you might pay $ 100 for 100 pills .
The pharmacist might tell you that if you get the generic equivalent , they would only cost $ 80 , making you think you are " saving " $ 20 .
What the pharmacist is not telling you is that those 100 generic pills may have only cost him $ 10 !
At the end of the report , one of the anchors asked Mr. Wilson whether or not there were any pharmacies that did not adhere to this practice , and he said that Costco consistently charged little over their cost for the generic drugs .
I went to the Costco site , where you can look up any drug , and get its online price .
It says that the in - store prices are consistent with the online prices .
I was appalled .
Just to give you one example from my own experience , I had to use the drug , Compazine , which helps prevent nausea in chemo patients .
I used the generic equivalent , which cost $ 54.99 for 60 pills at CVS .
I checked the price at Costco , and I could have bought 100 pills for $ 19.89 .
For 145 of my pain pills , I paid $ 72.57 .
I could have got 150 at Costco for $ 28.08 .
I would like to mention , that although Costco is a " membership " type store , you do NOT have to be a member to buy prescriptions there , as it is a federally - regulated substance .
You just tell them at the door that you wish to use the pharmacy , and they will let you in .
-###-
I am asking each of you to please help me by copying this letter , and pasting it into your own e-mail , and send it to everyone you know with an e-mail address .
Judicial Reform Investigations - www.court.to
By NIGEL BLUNDELL
Last updated at 17:53 03 November 2007
The perpetrators of some of the worst atrocities of the Second World War remain alive and unpunished in Japan , according to a damning new book .
Painstaking research by British historian Mark Felton reveals that the wartime behaviour of the Japanese Navy was far worse than their counterparts in Hitler 's Kriegsmarine .
According to Felton , officers of the Imperial Japanese Navy ordered the deliberately sadistic murders of more than 20,000 Allied seamen and countless civilians in cold - blooded defiance of the Geneva Convention .
Scroll down for more ...
" Many of the Japanese sailors who committed such terrible deeds are still alive today , " he said .
" No one and nothing has bothered these men in six decades .
There is only one documented case of a German U - boat skipper being responsible for cold - blooded murder of survivors .
In the Japanese Imperial Navy , it was official orders . "
Felton has compiled a chilling list of atrocities .
He said : " The Japanese Navy sank Allied merchant and Red Cross vessels , then murdered survivors floating in the sea or in lifeboats .
" Allied air crew were rescued from the ocean and then tortured to death on the decks of ships .
" Naval landing parties rounded up civilians then raped and massacred them .
Some were taken out to sea and fed to sharks .
Others were killed by sledge - hammer , bayonet , beheading , hanging , drowning , burying alive , burning or crucifixion .
" I also unearthed details of medical experiments by naval doctors , with prisoners being dissected while still alive . "
Felton 's research reveals for the first time the full extent of the war crimes committed by the Imperial Japanese Navy , a force that traditionally modelled itself on the Royal Navy .
Previously unknown documents suggest that at least 12,500 British sailors and a further 7,500 Australians were butchered .
Felton cites the case of the British merchantman Behar , sunk by the heavy cruiser Tone on March 9 , 1944 .
The Tone 's captain Haruo Mayuzumi picked up survivors and , after ten days of captivity below decks , had 85 of them assembled , hands bound , on his ship 's stern .
Scroll down for more ...
Kicked in their stomachs and testicles by the Japanese , they were then , one by one , beheaded with swords and their bodies dumped overboard .
A solitary senior officer , Commander Junsuke Mii , risked his career by dissenting .
But he gave evidence at a subsequent war crimes tribunal only under duress .
Meanwhile , most of the officers who conducted the execution remained at liberty after the war .
Felton also tells the horrifying story of James Blears , a 21 - year - old radio operator and one of several Britons on the Dutch - registered merchant ship Tjisalak , which was torpedoed by the submarine I - 8 on March 26 , 1944 , while sailing from Melbourne to Ceylon with 103 passengers and crew .
Fished from the sea or ordered out of lifeboats , Blears and his fellow survivors were assembled on the sub 's foredeck .
From the conning tower , Commander Shinji Uchino issued the ominous order : " Do not look back because that will be too bad for you , " Blears recalled .
One by one , the prisoners were shot , decapitated with swords or simply bludgeoned with a sledge - hammer and thrown on to the churning propellers .
Scroll down for more ...
According to Blears : " One guy , they cut off his head halfway and let him flop around on the deck .
The others I saw , they just lopped them off with one slice and threw them overboard .
The Japanese were laughing and one even filmed the whole thing with a cine camera . "
Blears waited for his turn , then pulled his hands out of his bindings and dived overboard amid machine - gun fire .
He swam for hours until he found a lifeboat , in which he was joined by two other officers and later an Indian crewman who had escaped alone after 22 of his fellow countrymen had been tied to a rope behind the I - 8 and dragged to their deaths as it dived underwater .
Uchino , who was hailed a Japanese hero , ended the war in a senior land - based role and was never brought to trial .
Felton said : " This kind of behaviour was encouraged under a navy order dated March 20 , 1943 , which read , ' Do not stop at the sinking of enemy ships and cargoes .
At the same time carry out the complete destruction of the crews ' . "
In the months after that order , the submarine I - 37 sank four British merchant ships and one armed vessel and , in every case , the survivors were machine - gunned in the sea .
The submarine 's commander was sentenced to eight years in prison at a war crimes trial , but was freed three years later when the Japanese government ruled his actions to have been " legal acts of war " .
Felton said : " Most disturbing is the Japanese amnesia about their war record and senior politicians ' outrageous statements about the war and their rewriting of history .
" The Japanese murdered 30 million civilians while " liberating " what it called the Greater East - Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere from colonial rule .
About 23 million of these were ethnic Chinese .
" It 's a crime that in sheer numbers is far greater than the Nazi Holocaust .
In Germany , Holocaust denial is a crime .
In Japan , it is government policy .
But the evidence against the navy – precious little of which you will find in Japan itself – is damning . "
The geographical breadth of the navy 's crimes , the heinous nature of the acts themselves and the sadistic behaviour of the officers and men concerned are almost unimaginable .
For example , the execution of 312 Australian and Dutch defenders of the Laha Airfield , Java , was ordered by Rear Admiral Koichiro Hatakeyama on February 24 and 25 , 1942 .
The facts were squeezed out of two Japanese witnesses by Australian army interrogators as there were no Allied survivors .
One of the Japanese sailors described how the first prisoner to be killed , an Australian , was led forward to the edge of a pit , forced to his knees and beheaded with a samurai sword by a Warrant Officer Sasaki , prompting a great cry of admiration from the watching Japanese .
Sasaki dispatched four more prisoners , and then the ordinary sailors came forward one by one to commit murder .
They laughed and joked with each other even when the executions were terribly botched , the victims pushed into the pit with their heads half attached , jerking feebly and moaning .
Hatakeyama was arraigned by the Australians , but died before his trial could begin .
Four senior officers were hanged , but a lack of Allied witnesses made prosecuting others very difficult .
Felton said that the Americans were the most assiduous of the Allied powers in collecting evidence of crimes against their servicemen , including those of Surgeon Commander Chisato Ueno and eight staff who were tried and hanged for dissecting an American prisoner while he was alive in the Philippines in 1945 .
However , the British authorities lacked the staff , money and resources of the Americans , and the British Labour government was not fully committed to pursuing Japanese war criminals into the Fifties .
• Slaughter At Sea : The Story Of Japan 's Naval War Crimes by Mark Felton is published by Pen & Sword on November 20 at £ 19.99 .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook NEW YORK 
Are cellphone companies using their sway over handset makers to unfairly limit consumers ' choices ?
Skype , a pioneer in PC - to - PC calling , thinks so , and it wants the Federal Communications Commission to do something about it .
In a blistering filing with the FCC , Skype basically accused Verizon Wireless and other big carriers of holding their customers hostage because most cellphones sold in the USA are " locked , " meaning you can only use applications and features sold by your carrier .
" Carriers are using their considerable influence over handset design and usage to maintain control over and limit subscribers ' right to run software communications applications of their choosing , " Skype told the FCC .
In its filing , Skype said carriers go to great lengths to keep cellphone users boxed in .
" In an effort to prefer their own affiliated services and exclude rivals , carriers have disabled or crippled consumer - friendly features of mobile devices . "
Carriers deny Skype 's charges .
Skype says these practices violate longstanding FCC rules that allow consumers to use any device to connect to the U.S. phone network .
The only caveat :
The device can't cause damage to the phone system .
These rules , adopted in 1968 before the advent of cellphones , paved the way for a crush of telecommunications products , including answering and fax machines , cordless phones and computer modems .
Skype argues the rule should include wireless phones .
Skype 's interest is n't entirely altruistic .
Like a lot of companies , Skype is trying to cash in on the wireless wave .
But carriers are making that difficult .
The experience of the average Skype user illustrates the problem :
To use Skype 's services on a wireless device , customers must go to Skype 's website , www.skype.com, and download special software .
" As soon as you launch , you immediately violate the terms of your ( cellphone ) service contract , " says Chris Libertelli , Skype 's senior director of government and regulatory affairs .
Skype has asked the FCC to order cellphone carriers to stop blocking software applications offered by other companies .
Gene Kimmelman , director of Consumers Union , which supports Skype 's petition , agrees .
" You 're never going to get a competitive market if the device you use is controlled by one company and you have to spend an arm and a leg to shift to alternatives . "
Customers can get around the limitations by " sideloading " software from other devices , but it is an onerous and time - consuming process .
It 's also a violation of most service contracts .
In non-U.S. markets , phones are generally sold " unlocked , " making it easy for consumers to load in features and applications — like text messaging and Wi-Fi — from an assortment of providers .
Unlocked phones can also be toted from one cellphone carrier to another .
In the USA , customers have to get a new cellphone every time they switch carriers , notes Chris Murphy of Consumers Union .
Denny Strigl , Verizon 's chief operating officer , says Skype 's proposal is n't realistic .
His sentiments are shared by other carriers .
Why ?
Non-U.S. markets adhere mostly to the global " GSM " standard , he notes , making it easier to offer consumers one - size - fits - all phones and features .
There are several technical standards in the USA .
To make Skype 's plan fly , he says , every phone sold in the USA would have to be a combination device that could handle all the technical standards .
" It 's simply not practical . "
READERS : Have you switched carriers just to get a particular phone ?
Are you staying with your carrier so you wo n't lose your current phone ? "
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
I ’m gonna rant about lazy web designers for a moment .
First , I hate hate hate it when designers take a photo - quality image , add some text , then crunch ( “ optimize ” , ha ! ) the image down for size and save it as a JPEG .
Artifact haloing around text in web images drives me up the wall .
There may have been a reason for it 5 years ago , but these days there ’s just no excuse .
It comes down to lazy web designers .
Many , many web sites are guilty of it .
Microsoft is one of the worst offenders , while Adobe is smart enough to Flash - ify an image when they want to add text , thus avoiding the problem completely .
SciFi is a cross between the two , as they Flash - ify most of their content but not all of it , and I ’m going to use them as an example .
Take this , for example :
Here , let me zoom in for those in the cheap seats :
JPEG compression is not meant to handle line art or text !
Duh !
In under 15 minutes , I was able to fix this :
plus
equals
Thank you , CSS layering .
How hard was that ?
No nasty artifacts .
You can reuse the corner image in other places .
The more you reuse it , the lower your bandwidth costs because you ’re not embedding it everywhere .
It provides for better incremental loading .
In many cases , you ’ll actually end up with two files whose combined size is less than the single crappy “ optimized ” one .
You can also hyperlink the individual images to different places instead of having to use a map .
If you ’re truly worried about that fraction of the population that can’t handle 32 - bit PNGs with alpha channels then you can either use Fireworks to remove the grey box in IE or get really down and dirty and just use a GIF .
But seriously folks , at what point do you draw a line in the sand and leave the grey box as a reminder to people that they are now using vastly ancient technology ?
What makes me mad is that I ’m not a graphic designer !
I have the graphical abilities of a monkey in heat !
And yet , even I know how to do this stuff the right way instead of the lazy way .
A model of Sputnik , the little orb that could .
Image : NASA View Slideshow
The standard Sputnik story goes like this :
It was the launch of this metal ball that forced the United States to elevate the pursuit of science .
But that 's not quite true .
Technically speaking , Sputnik was no more sophisticated than a cheap transmitter from Radio Shack attached to 120 pounds of batteries .
It was the R - 7 launch vehicle that scared the pants off the U.S. military .
The Soviets proved they not only had a rocket with precise guidance systems , but one that could launch a heavier payload than anything the Americans had .
The launch system on Oct. 4 , 1957 , was a one - shot deal .
It was preset before takeoff and its trajectory could not be changed during flight .
The Russians had to fire and pray .
Despite its apparent simplicity , the impact of the R - 7 rocket cannot be overstated .
Sputnik was the first satellite humans launched into orbit , and it stunned the world .
" In being beaten so publicly by what we then regarded as a peasant nation , a nation whose totalitarian government embraced a set of values abhorrent to nearly all Americans , we felt that we were falling behind in our much - vaunted technical know - how and industrial capability , " said NASA head Michael Griffin at the Space 2007 conference in September .
" The small metal orb beeping overhead , visible in the clear fall sky to anyone who looked – and nearly everyone did – reminded us of this . "
On Thursday , the space industry celebrates the 50th anniversary of the Sputnik launch , an event that ignited the space race and resulted in the United States reaching the moon 12 years later .
Sputnik may have been simply built , the impact of its flight was immense , inspiring not only a whole generation of engineers , but the entire U.S. nation , to aim for space .
To mark the 50th anniversary of the space age , RussianSpaceWeb created this animation of the Sputnik satellite launch .
For more , visit wired.com / video .
Prior to Sputnik 's launch , the R - 7 – originally an intercontinental ballistic missile – had twice been tested successfully .
Both times , however , the heat shield failed upon re-entry , destroying the missile 's payload : a dummy warhead .
In addition to precision , the R - 7 had to have the muscle to reach orbit .
The 184 - pound Sputnik was small in comparison to the bus-sized communications satellites propelled into orbit today , but for its time , it was large .
The metal moon weighed eight times as much as the device the United States planned to put into space .
By the time the United States had launched 20 pounds into orbit , the Russians had already launched Sputnik 2 , at 1,118 pounds , more than 50 times as much .
Even a month before the Sputnik launch , many of the military , political and academic leaders in the Soviet Union saw no merit in putting such a rudimentary artificial moon above the Earth .
But the maverick bunch of engineers who built Sputnik predicted its political impact .
In the Cold War mentality that took hold following World War II , Sputnik had a purpose : to show Washington that Moscow had a lead in the arms race and the technical wherewithal to face up to the United States .
" The Soviet Union must be first , " Sergei Pavlovich Korolëv , chief designer of the Soviet missile program and the chief proponent of sending Sputnik into orbit , told dissenters the month before the satellite 's launch , according to Matthew Brzezinski's book Red Moon Rising .
In fact , Korolëv did n't include much scientific apparatus besides the radio transmitters on Sputnik , precisely because he wanted to devote the satellite 's weight allowance to making sure the redundant radio signals were strong enough to be heard by any ham radio operator .
Sputnik consisted of three silver - zinc accumulators , two D - 200 radio transmitters , pressure and temperature transmitters , and a DTK - 34 temperature - control system .
This was contained within a polished , aluminum - alloy sphere pressurized with nitrogen gas and outfitted with whip - like antennas .
Its designers named it " PS - 1 " , from prosteishiy sputnik , Russian for " simple satellite . "
" It was exceedingly basic , " said Martin Collins , curator of space history at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum and author of After Sputnik : 50 Years of the Space Age .
" It was essentially a radio transmitter . "
Even the shiny , round shape was dictated by the message the scientists wanted to send .
Korolëv turned down several designs for the satellite , because they were not spherical – the best shape to reflect sunlight and remain visible from the United States .
" The overall design was to be able to convey the sound signal , but recall also that the satellite was polished to a high sheen .
It was meant to be seen from the ground by an observer , " Collins said .
Ironically , the light in the sky that earthlings followed in awe after Sputnik 's launch was created by mirror - like prisms ejected from the final booster stage , not a reflection from the polished satellite , Boris Chertok , one of Korolëv 's contemporaries who worked on the Soviet program , recently told the Associated Press .
Sputnik was far dimmer and could only be seen with the unaided eye from rural areas .
Half a century after Sputnik sparked a massive national space program in the United States , NASA has again embarked on technology development to take Americans to the moon and beyond .
This time , the pace is more measured , said Steve Dick , chief historian for NASA .
" We want it to be a sustainable program where we go back to stay , " he said .
Yet the historian acknowledged that large projects , such as a push for space , can benefit from a rivalry like the one lit by Sputnik .
" We seem to respond – at least the politicians and the budget people seem to respond – to competition better than cooperation , " Dick said .
For three weeks , before Sputnik 's batteries died , radio operators on Earth could listen to the satellite 's " beep - beep " broadcast .
On Jan. 3 , 1958 – still four weeks before the first successful U.S. satellite launch – Sputnik fell to Earth , burning up in the atmosphere .
Yet , the simple satellite continues to inspire people to look up .
Gallery : Sputnik ’s Grandchildren - Satellite Technology 50 Years Later
Baby Sputnik Flies the Coop
India 's Cut - Price Space Program
NASA Goes to Burning Man : A Yuri's Night Gallery
Wired Science Blog : Space
Keifer Sutherland has directed three films
The 24 star was held by police after making an illegal U - turn and was found to be over the legal alcohol limit after a breath test .
The 40 - year - old was released on bail of $ 25,000 ( £ 12,400 ) in the early hours of Tuesday morning and is scheduled to appear in court on 16 October .
Sutherland won an Emmy award last year for his role in real - time drama 24 .
The show was also named best drama at the awards ceremony in 2006 .
The actor plays anti-terrorist officer Jack Bauer in the series , which is due to return to US screens in January for its seventh season .
There are also plans to shoot a big screen version of the high - octane drama .
Code Analysis of the Linux Wireless Team 's ath5k Driver
Download PDF | Download Postscript
1 Executive summary
The Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) carried out an exhaustive , detailed , diachronic review of the Linux ath5 k driver ( “ ath5k - driver ” ) .
SFLC has determined that the changes made by the Madwifi and Linux Wireless developers to generate ath5k - driver constitute copyrightable work derived from the original ar5 k sources .
In addition , SFLC has determined that the various branches of the code hosted currently by Madwifi on its madwifi - old - openhal branch ( “ madwifi-old-openhal ” ) and its ath5 k branch ( “ ath5k - branch ” ) also constitute copyrightable derivatives of ar5k .
Furthermore , SFLC has determined that code derived from ar5 k , which now appears in both the ath5k - driver and the madwifi - old - openhal branch , can be released under the ISC license without difficulty .
In particular , all new copyright holders in the ath5k - driver code have been contacted and have agreed to license their changes to the relevant parts of the driver under the ISC license .
However , releasing the ath5k - branch in the Madwifi SVN under any license other than GPL would be exceedingly difficult due to the incorporation of GPL ’d work early in that branch ’s development .
This document discusses some technical details of the analysis by SFLC supporting these conclusions .
A companion document which specifically addresses originality requirements in copyright law accompanies the release of this paper .
2 Analysis of ath5k - driver
Ath5k - driver is currently carried by Linux developer John Linville in his wireless - legacy git repository on ath5k - branch .
The Madwifi team , the Linux Wireless team and others have been developing ath5k - driver since September 2005 .
Ath5k - driver began as a fork of OpenBSD ’s ar5k , developed by Reyk Floeter .
Ath5k - driver is not only an adaptation of ar5 k for Linux , but also includes work done by the various developers to refactor the code , change its 802.11 stack dependency , and consolidate and optimize the code for Linux .
Ath5k - driver consists of eight files , and uses the file - by - file copyright inventory method .
The file ath5k.h seems to be derived from ar5 k ’s ar5xxx.h and perhaps a few other header files .
This file is primarily an arrangement of constants , storage structures , and the like for the Atheros cards .
The extent to which this type of work is copyrightable is debatable .
However , the parts that are likely to be copyrightable — the arrangements and representations of the structures — are clearly very different from corresponding parts in the ar5 k files .
Macros have been refactored , various # defines have been organized into enums , numerous typedefs have been changed to match Linux style , and some function prototypes have changed .
Finally , the presentation of the material has been rearranged and reorganized .
The files ath5 k_base.c and ath5 k_base.h do not appear to be derived at all from ar5k .
They are derived from source code released in conjunction with the Atheros proprietary HALs that were once the focus of Madwifi development .
The license and copyright notices on these files , therefore , correctly are not similar to Floeter ’s copyright notice and license .
The file ath5 k_hw.h contains various components from ar5 k ’s header files , mostly from ar5 xxx .h .
The file primarily includes constants and structures related to the card .
Again , the copyrightability of such work is minimal , but the presentation of the factual information about the card layout , which is the primary copyrightable component , has been changed substantially .
The information has been reorganized and renamed , and the macros have been refactored to fit Linux style .
The file ath5 k_hw .c abstracts functions that ar5 k originally spread across its ar5210.c , ar5211.c , and ar5212.c files .
Ar5 k treated each version of the card differently , while ath5k - driver instead has generalized functions for card operations .
While some functions here are substantially similar , creative and careful work has adapted the return values for Linux .
Meanwhile , in many functions some minor refactoring is found .
The most substantial and the most substantive changes relate to the generalization of the functions .
Careful work has been done to abstract away the differences between the versions of the card and to make each function operate on all cards .
In many cases , if statements have been created to handle special cases for particular cards ( whereas in ar5 k , an entirely different function is used ) .
The file ath5 k_inivals.c is actually more a header file than a code file , as it contains only two functions .
Mostly , as is seen with ath5 k_hw.h and ath5k.h , the file contains various constants and tables of data organized for the registers on the card .
It corresponds primarily to ar5212reg.h and ar5212 var.h in ar5k .
The data in ath5 k_inivals.c has obviously been reorganized and restructured , and in some cases refactored .
For example , ar5k uses macros to build various tables :
#define AR5K_AR5212_RATE_DUR_0
0x8700
#define AR5K_AR5212_RATE_DUR(
_n ) ( AR5K_AR5212_RATE_DUR_0 + (( _n ) <
while ath5k - driver does the following :
{ AR5K_RATE_DUR (0),0x00000000 } ,
{ AR5K_RATE_DUR ( 1),0x0000008c } ,
{ AR5K_RATE_DUR ( 2),0x000000e4 } ,
The file ath5 k_phy .c contains the data and constants that appear to be derived from ar5 k ’s ar5210 var.h .
The functions in this ath5 k_phy.c are derived from functions pulled from various places in ar5 k ( mostly ar5212.c , ar5210.c and ar5xxx .c ) .
There are few changes to the constants and numerical tables .
Unlike the other header files , these constants and data concerning the card appear to be very close to the presentation of these constants and data in ar5k .
In only one case , in the RF_GAIN tables , does ath5k - driver refactor and use a different format to build a table .
Nevertheless , the functions in ath5 k_phy .c represent novel and creative work .
In many cases in this file , the ath5k - driver function represents a merger of ar5 k functions that were unique to specific chipsets .
The methods employed here to merge and refactor the functions are very similar to ath5 k_hw.c .
The file ath5 k_reg.h is nearly all constants and table data , and is based on ar5 k ’s ar5210reg.h .
The two files are presented in mostly the same way , with a global rename of the various constants .
There is some minor refactoring in some places .
However , the principal creative work added in ath5k - driver consists of comments regarding the purpose of the various constants .
This addition is clearly a copyrightable change .
It should be noted , however , that a table of constants , such as that found in ath5 k_reg.h , is not necessarily within scope of copyright .
The constants themselves , and the names they are given , particularly where a name represents a standard way of describing the purpose of the constant , will often fall outside the scope of copyright .
However , the arrangement , organization , presentation , and comments regarding the constants are almost certainly within scope of copyright , and the developers of both ar5 k and the ath5k - driver have contributed to those components .
The copyright notices for all such contributors should appear in this file , but those examining the file should note that the copyright does not actually cover the facts that the file presents , only the arrangement and descriptions of those facts .
The file ath5 k_regdom .c contains only a few short functions , and appears to come directly from .../ net80211 / ieee80211_regdomain.c in the OpenBSD tree .
No additional copyrights were claimed by ath5k - driver developers , since hardly any changes were made , and those that were are almost certainly outside the scope of copyright .
The file ath5 k_regdom.h is almost exactly the same as .../ net80211/ieee80211/regdomain.h from the OpenBSD tree .
Again , there are no additional copyrights by ath5k - driver developers ; it appears that the only change made was a renaming .
3 Analysis of madwifi-old - openhal
While under development , the software that ultimately became the ath5k - driver was hosted in various places .
On 2006 - 02 - 23 , Nick Kossifidis posted to a mailing list stating that he was working in an SVN repository of his own creation on the earliest versions .
An exact and unmodified copy of Kossifidis ’ work later appeared on 2006 - 08 - 03 in a git repository made available by Mateusz Berezecki .
However , the primary permanent public hosting of this work appears to have begun on 2006 - 12-05 when Luis Rodriguez imported code into madwifi-old - openhal in Madwifi- SVN at r1830 .
This commit includes all the work done by Kossifidis from late 2005 until August 2006 .
( The full branch is available for browsing at http://madwifi.org/log/branches/madwifi-old-openhal/openhal.)
A careful inspection of this branch in Madwifi-SVN shows that many developers contributed copyrightable changes to madwifi - old - openhal .
In particular , the work was developed and improved with copyrightable changes by Rodriguez , Kossifidis , Matthew W. S. Bell , Pavel Roski , and Michael Taylor .
On 2007 - 06 - 13 , Jiri Slaby forked from madwifi - old - openhal at r2441 .
Slaby used git to store his work .
Analysis showed that Slaby ’s work in his own git repository from 2007 - 06 - 13 until 2007 - 08-09 yielded a single result that included his work and various madwifi - old - openhal changes .
In particular , on 2007 - 06 - 22 and 2007 -06 - 23 he merged in what appears to be madwifi- old - openhal at r2502 .
On 2007 - 07 - 15 , Slaby merged in madwifi - old - openhal at r2539 .
Finally , on 2007 - 08 - 12 , Slaby sent this work as a single patch to Linville .
The version in Slaby ’s git repository matches what is now carried by Linville , and which is referred to as ath5k - driver in this report and discussed in detail in Section 2 .
4 Analysis of ath5k - branch
In Madwifi-SVN , there is a another area where a derivative of ar5 k is maintained .
Ath5k - branch was developed mostly in parallel both to Slaby ’s work and to the ongoing work on madwifi - old - openhal .
Ath5k - branch was started by Kossifidis on 2007 - 08 - 26 at r2670 .
Kossifidis started from r2669 of madwifi-old - openhal but incorporated various components from other parts of Madwifi- SVN .
Since much of Madwifi-SVN has code licensed under the GPL , and because we have no revision history between r2669 and r2670 , it would be somewhat difficult to back out changes made at that revision where such changes are copyrightable and released under the GPL .
Therefore , it is our recommendation that ath5k - branch remain licensed under the GPL to best reflect the licensing intentions of those who held copyright on code taken from elsewhere in Madwifi- SVN and incorporated into ath5k - branch at r2670 .
5 ISC - licensed ath5k - driver development
The Linux Wireless Team , along with some Madwifi developers , have indicated a desire to collaborate with the OpenBSD team working on ar5k .
SFLC believes that this collaboration is entirely feasible .
While it would be difficult to use the ath5k - branch for such collaboration , some developers have indicated that this branch can be retired .
Ath5k - driver ( discussed in Section 2 ) currently carried by Linville represents a clear and documented line of descent from ar5 k to an ath5 k driver for Linux .
In addition , all new copyright holders in ath5k - driver code have been contacted and have agreed to license their changes to the ar5k - derived files under the ISC license .
SFLC has provided a patch to Linville that provides correct attributions for all copyright holders in question .
Therefore , SFLC recommends that development under the ISC license continue from what is currently in Linville ’s commit c1928199c27de433d1e81b78e3178be4f0e978d2 in his ath5 k branch of the wireless - legacy git repository .
We refer developers to our guidelines on maintaining permissive - licensed files in a GPL - licensed project for guidance on how to carry out this development cleanly .
Copyright © 2007 Software Freedom Law Center , Inc. Verbatim copying and distribution of this document is permitted in any medium provided this notice is preserved .
Braitenberg Vehicles
Introduction
I thought that was cool , so I wrote a vehicle simulator in Lisp .
You can have the source as soon as it does n't embarrass me .
Wednesday , December 9 , 1998
I have a Java version that is nearly complete and is as powerful as the original Lisp version ( that is , it 's not just a Braitenberg vehicle simulator , it is a Braitenberg vehicle simulation language ) .
It even reads the same world definition files because it is really a Lisp in Java ( thanks to Michael Travers ' Skij , a Scheme interpreter implemented in and tightly integrated with Java ) .
You will see it here soon .
Here are a couple images from the Java work - in - progress :
The Simulator
The input to the simulator is a world definition file that specifies the vehicles and lamps to be simulated and their characteristics .
Each vehicle and lamp is specified by describing its parts ( e.g. , sensors , radiators , motors ) and their characteristics ( e.g. , sensitive to infrared radiation , capable of maximum speed of 10 units / s ) , and its brain .
The brain is a network of " neurodes " that acts like a clocked digital circuit .
The brain usually drives components like motors and radiators based on sensor input .
The simulator can produce output in the form of 2D graphics , 3D graphics or scene description files for other dedicated renderers .
Currently it uses Jim Firby 's portable Common Graphics package for Lisp to do 2D , 3D is supported using Apple 's QuickDraw 3D API , and the simulator can generate files for the POV - Ray raytracer .
I typically view a simulation run in realtime using simple 2D or 3D graphics and tweak it until I 'm ready to generate POV files and spend a few hours raytracing .
These are not the only possible behaviors ;
The range of behavior is limited only by your ability to wire together networks of neurodes in the vehicles ' little brains .
There is a heavily armed autonomous Combat Vehicles variant in which vehicles can fire blasters at each other .
It also shows an example of simple communication between vehicles .
The Animation
Other Resources and Related Information
A student of Michael Littman 's at Duke University wrote a simulator using Macromedia Director ( requires Shockwave to run ) .
One can drag the vehicle and lamps around the field while the simulation is running .
Lego Mindstorms is a consumer version of MIT 's electronic brick .
Valentino Braitenberg says " Many of the proposed experiments could be done with the Lego Mindstorms kit . "
Hackers are busy working to make it easier to build cool Lego robots ; see the Lego Mindstorms Internals page .
Chris Gerken has a simulator written in Java ( and one in Smalltalk ? ) .
You can see what Gerken 's vehicles look like in my simulator : gerken.txt
Torsten Will has a Braitenberg vehicle simulator written in Java .
( His page supplies the applet with parameters that do not make for a very interesting demonstration .
Try this page instead . )
Robin Edwards has a Braitenberg vehicle simulator for Linux .
David Hogg , Fred Martin and Mitchel Resnick at the MIT Media Lab have written a paper describing Braitenberg creatures built with " Electronic Bricks " ( LEGOs ) .
Chris Thornton of the University of Sussex has developed a simulation environment for track - driven robots called POPBUGS , and used it to simulate Braitenberg - like vehicles .
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
Successful women in the tech trenches share their insights and tackle subjects ranging from how to search out a strong mentor to how to be one -- from how to advance in a large company to how to start your own firm .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
Google filed documents with the U.S. District Court Monday , addressing the US $ 1 billion lawsuit it faces from Viacom .
In the response , filed in the Southern District of New York , Google contends that it has not violated the rights of the media conglomerate based on a provision of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , enacted in 1998 .
Google also alleges that Viacom 's lawsuit threatens to derail the phenomenon of user - generated content sites .
" Viacom 's complaint in this action challenges the careful balance established by Congress when it enacted the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
The DMCA balances the rights of copyright holders and the need to protect the Internet as an important new form of communication , " Google said in a 12 - page response to the lawsuit .
" By seeking to make carriers and hosting providers liable for Internet communications , Viacom 's complaint threatens the way hundreds of millions of people legitimately exchange information , news , entertainment and political and artistic expression .
Google and YouTube respect the importance of intellectual property rights , and not only comply with their safe harbor obligations under the DMCA , but go well above and beyond what the law requires , " the company continued .
Google Says ...
In its response , Google claimed that Viacom 's allegations of copyright infringement were without merit because YouTube is protected by one or more of the DMCA Safe Harbor provisions .
The provisions stipulate that service providers hosting content provided by others are protected against claims of liability if they act expeditiously to remove copyrighted material once a content owner notifies them of possible infringement .
Google , which purchased YouTube in 2006 for $ 1.65 billion , maintains that it has also instituted a number of tools to assist copyright owners to identify clips that may violate their rights .
The tools , such as " digital hashing , " prevent YouTube users from repeatedly uploading a video once it has been removed from the site .
" We already offer a set of tools that protect the interests of content creators large and small , " Ricardo Reyes , a Google spokesperson , told the E - Commerce Times .
Other preventative measures include YouTube 's repeat - infringer policy , under which the site can terminate a user 's access to the Web site if they are determined to be a repeat infringer .
An infringer is a YouTube member who has been notified more than twice of infringing activity or has had a user submission removed from the Web site more than twice .
The site also limits the length of submissions to 10 minutes in an effort to prevent entire television shows , movies or videos from being posted , as well as provides notification and take - down tools for content companies .
YouTube also provides user education , including copyright tips along with prominently placed messaging at the time of user uploads , Reyes added .
Viacom Says ...
Viacom filed suit against YouTube and Google in March after it said the site had been purposely building its business using a library of copyrighted video clips without gaining the proper licenses .
A few months earlier , Viacom had demanded that YouTube remove 100,000 clips it said were posted in violation of its copyright .
Viacom 's response to Google 's claims came quickly on Monday as the media giant refuting the Internet company 's assertion of protection under the DMCA Safe Harbor provision .
Viacom , the parent company of cable channels including MTV and Comedy Central , said Google 's " response ignores the most important fact of the suit , which is that YouTube does not qualify for safe harbor protection under the DMCA .
" It is obvious that YouTube has knowledge of infringing material on their site and they are profiting from it , " the statement continued .
" It is simply not credible that a company whose mission is to organize the world 's information claims that it can't find what 's on YouTube .
Unfortunately , Google continues to distinguish itself by failing to join the majority of major digital companies that have affirmatively embraced the legal rights of copyright holders . "
Long - Term Implications
No matter who wins the lawsuit , industry experts predict that the case will have long - term effects on the user - generated content phenomenon and online video distribution .
For its part , Congress will have to take another look at the DMCA , said James McQuivey , an analyst at Forrester Research .
" Eventually , the DMCA will come under scrutiny because online video has gone in directions the law could never have anticipated so many years ago , " he told the E - Commerce Times .
" However , there 's no guarantee that the revision will happen soon or that it will make sense , so companies can't bank on that future , " McQuivey said .
The two combatants may settle the case before it reaches trial , suggested Andrew Frank , a research vice president at Gartner .
" As things drag on there will be pressure on both sides to come to a settlement , especially if Google can demonstrate that it is making good faith efforts to address the copyright problem and they start instituting better filters , " he told the E - Commerce Times .
Wow .
I mean , I knew Portal and Half - Life 2 were running off of the same engine , but I did n't think it would take only a week before somebody smashed them together .
Take a look at Half - Life 2 , as played with the portal gun .
This sounds like the best first - person shooter ever , except for the fact that it 's probably incredibly easy to play and you could probably break the game in seconds using this hack .
Talk about a QA nightmare .
Still , though : incredibly cool .
And even better , the hackers provide you all the info you need to do it yourself .
Half - Life 2 Portal [ Primotech ]
Updated at 12:05 p.m. EST , Nov. 24 , 2007
Although the prayer day is often the quietest day for news , this Friday has been markedly violent with an attack on a weekly pet market in Baghdad and more bombings in Mosul among the numerous incidents .
Meanwhile , a shrine and a mosque were also attacked , and Khalis was taken over by gunmen .
At least 61 Iraqis were killed or found dead and 104 more were wounded in the latest attacks .
The DOD reported that one American soldier died in an accident on Wednesday .
In Baghdad , a bomb was detonated at a popular pet and livestock market ; at least 15 people were killed and over 55 more were wounded at the al - Ghazl outdoor souk in central Baghdad .
Yesterday , two journalists survived an assassination attempt in Karrada ; gunmen in a passing vehicle fired upon the married couple and their daughter , but no bullets struck them .
Also , six dumped bodies were discovered throughout the city .
A pair of bombs in Mosul killed 21 people people combined , and another 21 people were injured .
Also , gunmen blew up a bridge south of town .
Scores of gunmen attacked Khalis this morning .
Only five civilians were injured but a thousand residents were used as human shields during the takeover .
In Jalawla , three militants , including two sisters , beheaded their aunt and uncle while forcing the couple ’s children to watch .
Two worshippers were killed and two more were wounded during a car bombing at the Atta Allah mosque in Jurf al - Sakhar .
Three bodies were recovered from the Tigris River at Dhuluiya .
Gunmen riding a motorbike in Kut killed an interpreter working for U.S. forces .
A policeman was also killed .
Also , the morgue has received eight decomposed bodies over the last three days .
The manager of a grain company was kidnapped near Nasariya .
Police in Najaf defused a roadside bomb at a market and also found three mortar rounds .
Also , a civilian who was a legal coordinator for the U.S. consulate was gunned down .
In Kirkuk , 33 suspects were captured .
Ten innocent detainees were released in Tal Afar .
A roadside bomb in Balad injured four police commandos .
Also , a bomb at the Imam Al - Askari shrine killed one person and wounded two others .
A municipal council member was gunned down in Riyadh .
Also , a body was found in a booby - trapped car .
A car bomb in Shurqat killed one policeman and wounded 15 others .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
The Volkswagen Lisp
The Volkswagen Lisp is the most configurable and powerful car in automotive history .
The Lisp was invented in 1958 ( some say discovered ) and the automotive world has n't been the same since .
Volkswagen was the first to realize a car is just made of parts , so why not design everything around that concept ?
Some say it looks a little weird with its odd curves , but once people " get " Lisp , they always fall in love .
The Lisp 's power comes from its infinite reconfigurability .
It can be anything you want !
Do n't like the curves ?
You can give it a brand new look .
Want a convertible ?
The Lisp has you covered .
How about a Van ?
Pickup truck ?
Snowplow ?
Racecar ?
Jetcar ?
Dune buggy ?
Dune buggy ?
Dune buggy ?
Dune Buggy ?
( Everyone likes dune buggies ! )
Stretch Limousine ?
Tow Truck ?
Amphibious Vehicle ?
Trike ?
There is really no limit to what the Lisp can do and be .
What about luxury ?
You can't get more luxurious than this .
Who in their right mind would want a Lexus or Mercedes when you can have all that ?
Other cars try to control you with their ideas of what luxury is .
Not the Lisp .
It 's a shame more people do n't drive a Lisp .
Even if you do n't take advantage all that power , just learning it will make you a smarter driver .
Just ask an owner !
Posted January 4 , 2007 7:24 PM
Some Republicans have broken ranks with the President on Iraq
The new legislation calls for the Pentagon to begin withdrawing combat troops within four months .
The vote comes despite President George W Bush 's threat to veto any timetable .
Both the House and the Senate must pass separate legislation and then reconcile their two versions for a measure to be passed to the president .
Correspondents say the House of Representatives , controlled by the Democrats , is hoping to pressure the Senate to approve a similar timeline .
It is the third time this year the House has voted in favour of legislation to end US military involvement in Iraq .
One previous legislative push was vetoed by Mr Bush , while a second failed when the Senate voted twice against imposing a withdrawal timetable .
The latest attempt would allow some US forces to stay in Iraq to train the Iraqi army and carry out counter - terrorism operations .
Not even the White House can conclude there has been significant progress
Nancy Pelosi
Bush fights for time Bush comments on al - Qaeda
" It is time for the president to listen to the American people and do what is necessary to protect this nation , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Democrat .
" That means admitting his Iraq policy has failed , working with the Democrats and Republicans in Congress on crafting a new way forward in Iraq and refocusing our collective efforts on defeating al - Qaeda . "
Earlier , President Bush presented an interim report on Iraq which said there had been only limited military and political progress following his decision to send troop reinforcements earlier this year .
The security situation remains " complex and extremely challenging " , the report said .
It added that the economic picture was " uneven " and political reconciliation lagging .
Mixed results
The report said the Iraqi parliament had failed to debate crucial legislation for the country 's oil industry .
It also warned of " tough fighting " during the summer , saying al - Qaeda was likely to " increase its tempo of attacks " .
KEY BENCHMARKS
Amend constitution to tackle regional issues Give jobs to former ruling party members
Pass new law on sharing oil resources Security forces to be even - handed
Benchmarks in full Politicians ponder move
" The report makes clear that not even the White House can conclude there has been significant progress , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a Democrat .
" We have already waited too long . "
But Mr Bush rejected calls for a withdrawal of US forces , saying it would be disastrous .
He said troops would only be withdrawn when conditions were right , " not because pollsters say it 'll be good politics " .
The Iraqi ambassador to Washington , Samir Sumaidaie , told the BBC that the US had set an unrealistic timescale to solve Iraq 's problems .
" The Iraqi government is working under extremely difficult conditions , not all of which were created by them .
To say that we have failed and we are doomed to fail is defeatist , " he said .
The BBC's James Coomarasamy in Washington says the most eagerly awaited reaction is yet to come - that of wavering Republicans who could determine whether or not Congress will try to force the president 's hand .
Three Republicans in the Senate have broken ranks with the president and called for a phased troop withdrawal .
Several others have signed on as supporters of a bipartisan bill to implement a series of changes recommended last December by the Iraqi Study Group .
The Democrats will need support from the Republicans if they are to push the legislation through in a final Senate vote expected next week .
Is the constitution a dead document walking ?
There are very few members of congress with the intelligence , the focus , the moral courage or the understanding of the foundations of the very nation they purport to serve to know what to do and to do it in this , the defining crisis of the century to the United States .
Very few .
The leaders of the House and Senate do not understand that if they do not forcefully push for impeachment of Dick Cheney and George Bush ; if they choose to allow them to serve out their lame duck terms , depending on backlash against administration crimes to elect a democrat as president in 2008 , it will not matter who wins the presidency .
Because the constitution will be dead , destroyed by the unbelievable and unbelievably stupid actions Cheney and Bush have taken in the service of their selfish , ignorant and arrogant political agenda .
It is difficult to even chronicle all of the secretive , manipulative , unethical , unlawful actions they have taken in order to transfer power from the other formerly co-equal branches of government to the “ privileged ” executive .
What has been revealed thus far is frightening enough .
What is as yet unrevealed because of the unprecedented level of non-transparent operations within the offices of the president and vice - president is the real horror story .
What they are hiding behind their stubborn , trapped - animal reactions to the legitimate need of congress and the people to know what this administration is doing , is an Orwellian nightmare that will make Islamic extremist terrorism seem like child ’s play .
If these two are allowed to continue to stonewall congress for the remainder of Bush ’s term , we will never see behind the iron curtain of secrecy to discover just how much of the constitution has been destroyed and just how imperial the executive has become .
By January , 2009 , it will not matter a pigtail ’s whit who the next occupant of the Oval Office is , the damage will done .
The constitution and the republic Benjamin Franklin challenged us to keep will be gone .
Because what electee could resist keeping and wielding huge executive power if it is handed to him or her .
Could we trust our new president to restore the balance of power to our democracy upon election ?
Not likely , if his or her political party has no understanding of or care for the constitution .
Not if that party is focused only on politics and not on country .
What pundits and lamestream media analysts with their polls and statistics about the popularity of the president , vice - president and congress do not understand about the mood of the public right now is that we hold them all in contempt because they are ALL politicians .
Politicians think politically , use politics to achieve their aims and narrowly focus on winning public office .
None of them understand that we fear for our democracy and that if a democratic congress does not hold this administration ’s feet to the fire we will find a way to fire them all .
Republicans cannot gleefully exult in a poll that shows a congress less popular than the president .
It is less popular because members of congress , by and large have no idea what the constitution is or care about the survival of our system of government enough to impeach an administration that is murdering it and our republican democracy .
This democratic congress does not have the courage to use the tool given to it by the founding fathers to thwart a power grab by an unscrupulous administration .
It does not have the courage to impeach .
Forget filibusters , veto overrides , republican defections , subpoenas , committee hearings , investigations and even the “ power of the purse ” .
They will not work .
They are band aids applied to mortal wounds .
Even if they succeed in curbing the ambitions of the Cheney / Bush neocon administration , or in beginning a troop withdrawal from Iraq , they will not stop nor even stem the blood flow of power from the legislative and judicial branches to the executive and the establishment of a constitution - free form of government .
Impeachment is the constitutional remedy .
It is the only remedy that will save the constitution .
Men and women of the House and Senate must understand that their positions are meaningless in a world without the constitution .
While there is one left they need to use it to expose the secret machinations of the Bush administration to the light of day .
As a lesson to all who would covet and amass absolute power , there must be a price to pay and at the very least , it should be expulsion from office .
Blackwater mercenaries are supposedly protecting Americans .
Then why are they pulling guns on American soldiers and holding our soldiers hostage ?
The colonel was furious .
" Can you believe it ?
They actually drew their weapons on U.S. soldiers . "
He was describing a 2006 car accident , in which an SUV full of Blackwater operatives had crashed into a U.S. Army Humvee on a street in Baghdad 's Green Zone .
The colonel , who was involved in a follow - up investigation and spoke on the condition he not be named , said the Blackwater guards disarmed the U.S.
Army soldiers and made them lie on the ground at gunpoint until they could disentangle the SUV .
His account was confirmed by the head of another private security company .
There ’s a bunch of damn serious problems here .
Do Blackwater mercenaries have a reputation with American soldiers of being too crazy to deal with ?
Are American soldiers told to defer to Blackwater mercenaries ?
If you watch this video from the battle of Najaf , you see American soldiers in a firefight taking orders from civilian - clad Blackwater mercenaries .
And why the hell would Blackwater mercenaries even feel the need to pull their weapons on American soldiers wearing US military garb driving a US Army Humvee ?
Those are important questions about what ’s happening now in Iraq ( and quite possibly Afghanistan as well ) .
But there are deeper , systemic issues I ’ll discuss this weekend in my next installment of this .
For instance , why are Blackwater mercenaries have a reputation for being better trained than our own soldiers ?
Blackwater 's staunchest defenders tend to be found among those whom they guard .
U.S. officials prefer Blackwater and other private security bodyguards because they regard them as more highly trained than military guards , who are often reservists from MP units .
A U.S. Embassy staffer , who did not have permission to speak on the record , said , " It 's a few bad eggs that seem to be spoiling the bunch . "
Late last week the State Department announced that it would increase oversight of Blackwater in particular , installing cameras in its vehicles and having a Diplomatic Security Service officer ride along on every convoy .
But another State Department official , also speaking anonymously , says that DSS agents in Baghdad have not been eager to rein in the contractors in the past : " These guys tend to close ranks .
It 's like the blue wall . "
Here ’s why they ’re more highly trained , and it ’s the fault of the US government .
A lot of the Blackwater mercenaries are former special forces , or at least people who went through training for elite units .
They were given much better training than military police soldiers .
But then they left the military , and instead of investing more in recruiting , training and retaining elite military police , we train special forces , lose them to the private sector , then pay exorbitant amounts of money to train their replacements in special forces , then pay private contractors exorbitant amounts of money to have the elite soldiers trained by the military used as MP ’s because we do n’t put as high a premium on training and retaining elite MP’s .
It ’s an ultimate penny wise / pound foolish approach , and it ’s costing taxpayers a bundle .
The other problem here is the " solution " of having Blackwater mercenaries be chaperoned by officers with the Diplomatic Security Service .
Why would the DSS guys speak badly of Blackwater mercenaries if they could probably get jobs with Blackwater and make more money ... as long as they never speak ill of Blackwater while they ’re still in the DSS ?
The Blackwater situation specifically , and the mercenary and private war contracting in general are huge problems that need to be fixed .
But here ’s one potential fix that should be considered , and Congress should jump on it immediately : just as members of Congress , top staffers and many executive branch employees are prohibited from working in certain jobs for a year or longer after they end their government services , private mercenaries like Blackwater should be prohibited from employing former US soldiers in war zones or volatile missions like protecting dignitaries for a year or two after they finish their military duty .
That way it may slow the flow of highly - trained soldiers to the private sector , thus depleting our military of excellent soldiers and also making private contractors more reliant on themselves instead of the taxpayers to locate and train their mercenaries .
There ’s also the problem that the DSS folks probably are n’t too keen about getting blown up driving around Baghdad .
And who can blame them ?
Minister Mate , kaj boste storili ?
Boste odstopili ?
.. in vsaka oblast pomeni policijo in vsaka policija je orozje v surovih rokah in vsako orozje prinasa trpljenje in vsako trpljenje se sprevrze v upor ..
Tako so peli Nieti leta 1984 .
Vendar se ni veliko spremenilo od takrat .
Se vedno je policija tista , ki s svojimi dejanji preseneca ljudi in se pokaze v pravi luci , celo pred kamerami in pred novinarji .
Ze tako je novinarski poklic necenjen , da pa bodo policisti novinarje se pretepali , to je pa ze visek arogance v tej drzavi .
Ce ze ni dovolj , da minister Drobnic pretepa novinarko , mora isto storiti tudi policija , oz .
pripadniki njihovih interventnih enot .
Novinarka Radia MarsMateja Ratej , se je udelezila shoda proti centrom za tujce v Postojni .
In po njenem pricevanju , je naenkrat pripeljalo 6 vozil in iz njih so izskocili policisti .
Ona je stala 100 metrov od protestnikov in 50 metrov stran od ceste .
Vendar je policist skocil do nje in jo z pendrekom grobo odrinil v steno , da je padla po tleh .
Potem pa so policisti nadaljevali pohod proti protestnikom in uporabili fizicno silo nad njimi .
Prav tako jo je skupil tudi Dnevnikov fotoreporter .
Po akciji so policisti odpeljali 7 udelezencev shoda , tujih drzavljanov , ki so prisli na mirni shod , da bi opozorili kako se dela s tujci v teh centrih .
Dezurna sodnica je izpustila priprte , zaradi pomanjkanja dokazov in zaradi neutemeljenega snemanja na kraju dogodka , ki si ga je privoscila policija .
Se pocutimo varno v drzavi , kjer nas lahko policist fizicno poskoduje ?
Bo zaradi tega incidenta padel kaksen minister ?
Se bodo uvedel sankcije za policiste ?
Kaj se dogaja v centrih za tujce , ce ze pred njimi policisti kazejo svojo moc nad udelezenci shodov ?
In potem se vprasam , ce zivim v varni drzavi ?
Naj me bo bolj strah policistov , kot nepridipravov ?
Moore tells insurance lobbyist profiting off health ' does n't seem moral ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 28 , 2007
Save This Page
Print This Email This When Oprah Winfrey welcomed Michael Moore and two health insurance experts to her program on Thursday to discuss the health care crisis in America , she set as the central question for debate , " Do you fundamentally believe that the child of a gas station attendance and the child of an investment banker deserve the same health care ? "
Professor Uwe Reinhardt , a German - born expert on health care economics , said Americans needed to overcome their " hangups about government " and start expecting government to do more .
" We love our country and yet we hate our government , " commented Moore .
" I do n't think it 's so much the government as who 's put in charge of the government .
There 's nothing wrong with FEMA .
...
What 's wrong is heckuva job Brownie . "
" Until we all see ourselves in the same boat , that we sink or swim together , we wo n't respond , whether it's to Katrina or to this health insurance crisis , " Moore continued .
" Are we the people who want to believe that we are all in this together , or is it every man for himself ? "
" This is what Jesus would do , " Moore added .
" He would n't have let the child of a gas station attendant go without . "
" We have been propagandized into believing that socialized is such a negative term , " agreed Winfrey .
Moore then directly addressed health insurance lobbyist Karen Ignanai , saying that " insurance is good for a lot of things , " like cars and houses , but that he does n't understand why profit should play a role in human health .
" It does n't seem moral , " he stated .
Ignagni insisted that profit is necessary because if doctors or hospitals lose money , they can't deliver care -- apparently blurring the distinction between a business that is run in a manner to cover its costs and one that attempts to maximize profits to investors .
She also insisted that with a utopian system of " unlimited care , " people will be paying more in taxes than they do presently .
" We pay more , we just do n't call it taxes , " said Moore .
Ignagni suggested an alternative solution of government subsidies to help working families afford insurance , calling that idea " a uniquely American solution that balances public and private . "
Moore 's rejoinder was that he does n't want any of his tax dollars going for subsidies that will simply swell the coffers of private insurance firms .
The following video is from Oprah , broadcast on September 27 .
Tony Lagouranis does n't fit the profile of a person likely to go wrong by following orders .
He 's lived a footloose life unconstrained by a desire for professional advancement , for the approval of superiors , even for a comfortable home .
A freethinker , he read the great works of Western civilization in college and mastered classical languages .
It was his desire to learn Arabic as well that took him to Iraq .
And there , as an army interrogator , he tortured detainees for information he admits they rarely had .
Since leaving Iraq he 's taken this story public , doing battle on national television against the war 's architects for giving him the orders he regrets he obeyed .
Born in Chicago to restless parents ( his father worked for a chain of hotels ) , Lagouranis guesses he attended 10 or 11 schools before graduating from high school in 1987 in New York City .
After a year of college he took off , picking up construction and short - order cook jobs as he traveled the country .
He kept coming back to Santa Fe , however , and in 1994 he enrolled in its St. John 's College , whose curriculum is based entirely on the Great Books , read in roughly chronological order .
Lagouranis discovered he had a facility for languages : he enjoyed ancient Greek and found Hebrew easy .
He tried to learn Arabic on his own , but without a class and a regular teacher he found it more difficult .
In early 2001 , four years after graduating from St. John's , he decided he 'd tackle Arabic again , in part because he thought the Arab world was misunderstood in the West .
Burdened by " massive student loans , " he met a former army interrogator who 'd learned Russian and German in the army while getting his own student loans repaid .
" It just sounded like a good idea , " Lagouranis says .
" I realized I could put Arabic in my contract and join the army for five years . "
The United States was at peace then .
Lagouranis was rebounding from a frustrating experience in Tunisia , where he'd worked on an archaeological dig and taught English but could n't conquer the bureaucratic requirements for residency and therefore was never paid .
On his return to the United States he 'd landed a job near O'Hare airport helping corporations claim refunds on import duties , a job he describes as " mind- numbing . "
" I went in [ to the army recruiting office ] saying , ' I want Arabic , ' and there are n't many choices if you want a language .
You can go in as simply a linguist , which will mean that later you 'll be assigned to another job - - it 's sort of a vague category .
Or you can go in as a signals intercept person , where you sit with headphones and listen to phone conversations .
Or you can be an interrogator . "
The linguist and signals intercept jobs required top - secret security clearance , and Lagouranis 's student loans and credit rating stood in the way .
" Apparently the idea is that if you owe money then you are susceptible to foreign agents .
So they would n't let me apply for secret security clearance .
So I said , ' Fine . '
I did n't really think about that decision at all .
We were n't at war .
The idea that I would actually ever interrogate somebody seemed so remote . "
After basic training he was sent to Fort Huachuca in Arizona for interrogation school , where the curriculum was largely based on conventional warfare .
Lagouranis learned a great deal , for instance , about Soviet weapons systems .
" We did like one day on approaches , the method you use to break down the prisoner , to break his psychological defenses .
They told us in training that 90 percent of prisoners will break on the direct approach , which is simply asking a direct question -- you do n't have to run an approach .
They said if a prisoner does n't break you usually have enough detainees that you can just ignore that person and talk to someone else . "
Lagouranis believes this thinking was based on the experience of the gulf war , when captured Iraqi prisoners were often willing to cooperate .
" Their questions were totally different than what we would ask in Iraq .
They were asking like , ' How many T72 tanks does this unit have ?
Where are you getting spare parts ?
How well are your trucks maintained ?'-- things that we would never ask to break an insurgency . "
Lagouranis also studied the Geneva Conventions for the treatment of prisoners .
" We were told , ' You ca n't use any coercive tactics .
There can be no negative repercussions for a prisoner who is n't cooperating with you . ' "
After interrogator 's school , Lagouranis spent 15 months learning Arabic at the Defense Language Institute in Monterrey , California .
In the summer of 2003 , about four months after the invasion of Iraq , he was sent to Fort Gordon , Georgia , where he joined the 513th Military Intelligence Brigade , which contained soldiers who 'd already served in Afghanistan and Iraq .
He got more training there , this time with more realistic scenarios , and he also began hearing stories from the veterans of more abusive approaches -- though he figured some were boastful exaggeration .
" They were talking about using sexual humiliation on these guys , or certain stress positions they had used , or in Afghanistan they would make the guy sit in the snow naked for long periods of time .
They said that the detainees that they had were not covered by the Geneva Conventions , which I continued to hear in Iraq too . "
He arrived in Iraq in January 2004 and was stationed at Abu Ghraib , landing there ten days after Specialist Joseph Darby delivered the now infamous photographs of prisoner abuse to army investigators .
" When we got there we did n't know what had happened , but the army knew , and they were making sure that things were cleaned up at Abu Ghraib . "
Lagouranis says his own interrogations there were just talking , " right out of the army field manual . "
Some of the older interrogators , however , were still using harsher methods .
Some detainees judged to be uncooperative were stripped of their mattress , blankets , and extra clothing to expose them to the cold in their cells .
Others were kept in isolation for months at a time and hooded when they were taken to the interrogation booths , so that they 'd see no one but their interrogators .
Nevertheless , it seemed to Lagouranis that the administration of Abu Ghraib was getting progressively cleaner .
Also , it was common knowledge that the CIA was torturing prisoners , he says , so anything the army did paled by comparison .
Not long after his arrival , Lagouranis was assigned to a special projects team interrogating people who'd been involved with hiding Saddam Hussein , some of them just peripheral figures " who happened to brush up against Saddam Hussein and maybe they had information , but they were n't necessarily bad guys . "
A relative of a high - level Baathist complained to Lagouranis that he'd been tortured .
" He told me that when he was arrested he was beaten and forced to stand against a wall and kneel for days , and he was kept from sleeping , and they 'd come in occasionally and beat him up and kick him .
" He begged me to take the sandbag off his head so he could look at the sun , just like walk around outside a little bit .
I gave him the opportunity to do that .
This guy was really a mess .
Isolation is a really terrible thing for people .
" I filed an abuse report on this guy .
They had like a standard form , like a memo someone had made up internally at Abu Ghraib , and so I asked my superior for that form , and I went in and did a specific interrogation to ask this guy about that abuse .
The guy was really reluctant to talk about it , he said to forget it , he just did n't want any more trouble for himself .
But I got it out of him .
I wrote the abuse report and gave it to my superior .
And that abuse report , as far as I know , has disappeared .
It does n't exist anymore . "
After roughly a month at the prison , Lagouranis was transferred to a four - man mobile interrogation team .
He had brief stints at Al Asad Air Force Base and again at Abu Ghraib , and then he was assigned to Mosul ; it was there that he began to torture the men he was interrogating .
" We were working for this chief warrant officer who just wanted to go as far as he could .
He handed us a piece of paper called an IROE -- interrogation rules of engagement .
It listed the things that the Pentagon said were OK to use during interrogations , but it was also sort of an open - ended document -- it encouraged the interrogator to be creative .
" For instance , one technique that was approved was called environmental manipulation .
It 's really unclear what that means exactly .
He took it to mean that we could leave them outside in the cold rain , or we could blast rock music and bombard them with strobe lights for days at a time , or use those things in combination .
The document did n't really give us guidance , although that is what it was meant for .
" So when he would tell us to do things , we would go to this document in order to determine whether it was legal or illegal . "
Having been told that the detainees were not covered by the Geneva Conventions , Lagouranis thought his training in the law was not applicable .
" We were in this murky area . . . .
They always tell you , if you 're given an illegal order it 's your duty to refuse to follow it , but we were in a place that we did n't know what the legal limit was , so we did n't know what to do . "
To protect himself , Lagouranis wrote up an interrogation plan for each detainee , had the warrant officer sign it , and put it in the detainee 's file .
The site had been understaffed before Lagouranis 's mobile interrogation team arrived .
" Once we got there I think the chief warrant officer saw the opportunity to institute the things that he wanted to do .
One of those things was a 24 - hour operation .
He was only running a 12 - hour operation before that .
He put us on shifts , and that way you could maintain the sleep deprivation , you could maintain stress positions all night .
. . .
So within a week of our arriving there he started instituting these harsher tactics . "
The warrant officer secured a shipping container that became the unit 's interrogation booth .
Stress positions became standard operating procedure .
They included standing for long periods ; kneeling on concrete , gravel , or plywood ; and crawling across gravel .
" Another one we 'd use was where they would have their back against the wall and their knees bent at right angles .
We used to do that as an exercise in basic training and it gets real painful after a few minutes , but we'd make the prisoners do that for a long time .
" We had three different strobe lights going at once , and the prisoner would be in a stress position , and it was cold , so he'd be freezing . "
At times the detainees were exposed directly to the strobe lighting , but at other times they wore goggles that obscured vision but allowed the pulsating light to enter .
The music in the shipping container was applied by means of a boom box turned up to maximum volume .
" We were supposed to be in there the entire time with the prisoner , but we could walk out and shut the door if we wanted .
I would go outside and just sit down , outside the shipping container .
I would n't hear it that much .
We started out using this heavy metal music that we got from the MPs , but at two in the morning I 'd put on James Taylor ' cause I just did n't want to hear shit like that anymore .
" I did n't handle the dogs .
We had professional dog handlers .
They were MPs who lived right next to the compound where we were doing this , so I would just go and wake them up .
We had like a signal I would give him to cue the dog to lunge and bark at the prisoner .
The prisoner would have blacked - out goggles on so he could n't see that the dog was restrained , he could n't see that the dog had a muzzle on , he just knew there was a dog in the room with him and that it was a big angry dog .
" What usually happened was the prisoner would be terrified the first time the dog became aggressive .
But then that effect wore off -- he figured out that the dog was n't going to attack him .
So maybe you 'd get the prisoner totally terrified for like five seconds and he would piss his pants , literally .
Then after that there was nothing .
So it was n't effective at all , but the chief warrant officer kept telling us to do this so we did it . "
Though some prisoners complained , Lagouranis thinks others took the ill treatment for granted - -" like this is what happens when you 're detained .
If you think about Iraq and what Iraqis would expect from being arrested under Saddam Hussein or whatever , I think they probably felt they were getting it pretty easy , especially because the treatment they had at our hands was a lot better than they got from the detainee unit .
We were getting prisoners who had gotten seriously fucked up .
We were getting prisoners from the navy SEALs who were using a lot of the same techniques we were using , except they were a little more harsh .
They would actually have the detainee stripped nude , laying on the floor , pouring ice water over his body .
They were taking his temperature with a rectal thermometer .
We had one guy who had been burned by the navy SEALs .
He looked like he had a lighter held up to his legs .
One guy 's feet were like huge and black and blue , his toes were obviously all broken , he could n't walk .
And so they got to us and we were playing James Taylor for them -- I think they probably were n't that upset about what we were doing .
Not that I 'm excusing what I 'm doing , but their reaction was not very severe to it . "
Lagouranis says the MPs were " willing and enthusiastic participants in all this stuff .
A lot of the guys that we worked with were former prison guards or they were reservists who were prison guards in their civilian life .
They loved it .
They totally wanted to be involved in interrogations .
It actually was a problem sometimes .
I remember I would be standing guard at three in the morning outside of the shipping container with a prisoner inside and people would come by and they would know what was going on because they could hear the music and maybe see the lights .
And they 'd want to join in .
So I 'd have four sergeants standing around me , and I 'm a specialist , and they want to go and fuck the guy up , and I would have to control these guys who outrank me and outnumber me and they have weapons and I do n't -- because I 'm guarding a prisoner I do n't have a weapon .
It got really hairy sometimes and I could n't call for help because there was nobody around .
I remember at one point the MPs came over from the facility and they were banging on the shipping container , one guy got on top and he was jumping up and down , they were throwing rocks at it , they were going inside and yelling at the guy .
And I was like , ' How do I control this situation ? ' "
Lagouranis says the MPs did n't know anything about individual detainees , most of whom , in Lagouranis 's estimation , had nothing to do with the insurgency .
" The MPs do n't read the paperwork , they do n't talk to the guy , they do n't know anything about it , other than they think this is a guy who 's been mortaring us and so they hate him .
They 'll abuse him if they can .
They can do that in many ways .
They can refuse his request for medical attention , refuse his request to go to the bathroom -- that was really common -- refuse his request for a blanket . "
He says , " We had a lot of prisoners to deal with . . . so most of the prisoners did n't get the full treatment for as long as the warrant officer would have liked .
But there were two brothers in particular that we were going on pretty hard .
. . .
We had some significant evidence on these guys which was so rare -- we almost never had evidence on anybody .
. . .
We went on them hard for almost a month , I think , and these guys were just completely broken down , physically , mentally , by the end of it .
One guy walked like a 90 - year - old man when he was done .
He was an ex-army guy , he was a real healthy young man when he came in , and by the end he was a mess .
Psychologically they could n't focus on things .
Their emotions would change all the time .
They were obviously showing signs of deterioration . "
If a man can't focus , can he answer questions ?
" It made interrogation harder , but we were n't getting information from these guys anyway .
The person who was ordering all this stuff , the chief warrant officer , he never saw these prisoners , so there was no way for him to understand what was going on . "
The warrant officer 's response to a lack of information , Lagouranis says , was simply to add another layer of abuse .
In April 2004 the New Yorker and 60 Minutes II broke the story of detainee abuse at Abu Ghraib .
Not long after those infamous photos were published , Lagouranis was transferred from Mosul back to Abu Ghraib .
CNN broadcasts played constantly in the area where the interrogators wrote their reports , and it was there , while watching congressional hearings , that Lagouranis heard Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld say that the detainees in Iraq were being treated according to the Geneva Conventions .
" I also heard [ Lieutenant General Ricardo ]
Sanchez say that dogs were never authorized to be used in Iraq . "
This testimony flatly contradicted guidelines for interrogations that Sanchez , the military commander in Iraq , had issued in September and October of 2003 .
" That 's when I got really pissed , " Lagouranis says .
" I was like , ' Shit , these guys are fucking us over . ' "
Not long thereafter , the army 's Criminal Investigation Division , investigating torture committed by the Abu Ghraib MPs , called in Lagouranis to answer questions about a prisoner who'd been abused by the MPs later charged in the scandal .
Lagouranis says he was n't able to help them with that case because he had n't interrogated the detainee , but he did report everything he had done in the shipping container in Mosul and all that he had witnessed there .
He also mentioned the earlier report he'd filed with CID on the high - level Baathist who'd been tortured at Abu Ghraib .
He heard nothing further before he was transferred to Kalsu , a base in Iskandariyah , about 25 miles south of Baghdad , where the marines were in charge of a new detention facility .
" When the scandal broke , it gave us the power to refuse to do any harsh tactics , " Lagouranis recalls , " but at that base I saw the most egregious abuse .
After the scandal broke , they stopped torturing people in prisons and they would torture them before they got to the prison .
They would either torture them in their homes or they would take them to a remote location . . .
The marines had a location -- they called it the ' meat factory '-- they would bring them there and they would torture them for 24 or 48 hours before they brought them to us , and they were using techniques like water boarding , mock execution , they were beating them up , breaking their bones , whatever .
It was bad , in particular the First Recon - - they 're sort of like marine special forces , an elite unit [ attached to the 24th Marine Exped- itionary Unit , known as 24th MEU ] .
Every time they went on a raid it did n't matter who they were bringing back , they would just fuck these guys up .
Old men , 15 - year - old kids , they all came with bruises and broken bones .
One guy came with a blister on the back of his leg .
It was big , it was horrible , a burn blister .
They 'd made him sit on the exhaust pipe of a running truck .
" And I was writing abuse reports during that time about these guys and I was sending it up through the marine chain of command .
. . .
I was taking the prisoner 's statements , I was making my own statements , I was taking photographs , and those photographs were put in the medical files of the detainees .
" No one ever came to look at those medical files , no one ever came to talk to the prisoners , no one ever came to interview me about this stuff .
But they were assuring me that these things were going to be investigated . "
In November , after two months at Kalsu , Lagouranis was sent to Fallujah .
American forces had launched a major offensive to secure the city , and corpses were being taken to an agricultural storage facility that the Americans called " the potato factory . "
Lagouranis was assigned to go through the pockets and clothing of the dead to attempt to identify them and gather intelligence from their papers .
The Defense Department had provided retinal scanners to aid identification , Lagouranis says , but the technology was n't useful .
The bodies , many having lain in the street for a week or more decomposing and being picked over by animals , often had no eyes - -" just sockets with maggots . "
The marines were in protracted negotiations with the local authorities and imams over how and where the bodies should be buried , and until that was settled they stacked up .
" It was terrible .
We were handling these dead bodies all day .
We are like living with them , maggots and flies everywhere .
We could n't shower -- there was no shower there .
We could n't wash our clothes . "
Lagouranis lived that way for a month .
He estimates there were 500 bodies in the warehouse by the time he left .
He left Iraq in December 2004 .
In January 2005 he was back at Fort Gordon in Georgia , angered and frustrated by what he 'd seen and done .
" The idea with interrogation - - you are taught this all the time -- is that you are supposed to get a small piece of information and that piece is going to be synthesized into a big picture .
And I do n't think that is happening .
. . .
I would get a prisoner whose brother was in another detention facility .
I had no access to the interrogation reports for his brother .
I would write intelligence reports , the prisoner would then be sent back to Abu Ghraib , and often my reports would not go with him .
Information was being lost all over the place .
Even though the army had software set up for sharing information by interrogators and the entire intelligence community , commanders would set up their own .
So we had these databases that could n't communicate with each other .
When I was in Abu Ghraib I could n't even access the MP database to find out who was in Abu Ghraib .
Everything was ridiculously difficult .
It made no sense .
" I would write intelligence reports and someone would mention the name of somebody , a neighbor , with no incriminating information at all .
And the analyst would get ahold of that and that person would become a target and I would be talking to that person the next week -- and for what ?
And I would call up the analyst and say , ' Why am I talking to this guy ? '
And he would quote my report out of context and tell me this was why .
It just made no sense . "
Lagouranis says that generating reports , even on the most insignificant matters , became a goal for some interrogators , and they were rewarded with medals for the number of reports generated .
After Lagouranis explained to his team leader that a certain detainee who had harbored a fugitive had no more information to give , the officer came in to probe further .
" He 's asking him like , ' What kind of soda does this guy drink ?
Does he drink Coke or Diet Coke ? '
If he had told him , we would have published an intelligence report on it . "
In Fallujah , one of the goals of identifying the corpses was to determine how many foreigners were involved in the insurgency there .
" The army and MI guys were squeezing everything they could out of these bodies to make them foreigners .
If a guy had a shirt that was made in Lebanon the guy was Lebanese .
If they found a Koran on him that was printed in Algeria then he was Algerian .
If they found currency on him that was Syrian - - which was n't uncommon because Iraqi currency was worthless -- he was Syrian .
So they published those numbers too -- this is how many foreign fighters were among the dead in Fallujah . "
" When we first got there , " Lagouranis recalls , " we went through all the buildings on the site , and in one of them somebody noticed that there were all these boxes of glycerin soap and that somebody had been doing something on the stove .
It looked to me like they were rendering fat , for whatever reason .
[ Rendering fat is the process of cooking fatty parts of meat in order to extract oil to cook and flavor some other dish . ]
But I think somebody had just seen the movie Fight Club and realized that you could take the glycerin out of the soap and make a bomb , which was just stupid .
And so they decided that someone was making IEDs [ improvised explosive devices ] there , so what they did was just put a bomb in that kitchen and blew it up .
There were a bunch of security guys who were on that site when we first got there .
So we interrogated all the security guards .
One guy who was the brother of the boss of the place , they decided to arrest him , even though he was like , ' I have no idea what you are talking about .
We run an aid station here . '
They have all this medicine , there was a Red Crescent flag flying up there , they obviously had an aid station .
He said , ' The Americans came and gave us the soap because we 're an aid station . '
I believed him , but they arrested him and sent him off .
Then the brother comes , he 's the head of this delegation - - a bunch of guys in suits from the Agriculture Ministry come to protest what we were doing with the site .
They arrest him and they send him off .
Later I saw the report that they generated of the entire operation in Fallujah .
One bullet point was , ' IED factory found and destroyed in the potato factory . ' "
Lagouranis says he once interrogated four brothers who'd been arrested during a general search because soldiers had found a pole in their house that they 'd argued could be used for sighting targets for mortars .
The brothers , interrogated separately by Lagouranis , contended they used it to measure the depth of water in a canal , and there was nothing incriminating in the house .
Though he was convinced they were telling the truth , his superiors would not release the men .
A man arrested because he had a cell phone and a shovel met a similar fate .
The army contended the shovel could be used to plant an IED and the cell phone could be used to help set it off , and though Lagouranis bought his explanation , nothing he said shook that belief .
The army wanted to be able to boast about the number of terrorists apprehended , and the four brothers with the striped stick , the two who ran the aid station at the potato factory , and the man with the shovel were close enough .
The vast majority of the men and women in Lagouranis 's MI brigade remained at Abu Ghraib and a nearby base for their entire tour , and at the end of that year they published an intelligence report he says was full of empty claims .
" It was like , ' The top ten detainees and what we got out of them , ' " Lagouranis says .
" It was all bullshit .
And that 's for an entire year of interrogating thousands of prisoners at Abu Ghraib .
They got nothing out of that place .
That 's not just my assessment -- you can talk to anybody I worked with over there .
The main reason for that is because 90 or 95 percent of the people we got had nothing to do with the insurgency .
And if they did we did n't have any good evidence on them .
And the detainees knew that and they knew they did n't have to talk to us . "
A February 2004 Red Cross report based on the estimates of coalition intelligence officers said that 70 to 90 percent of the prisoners were innocent .
" I got nothing in Iraq , " says Lagouranis .
" Zero . "
Back at Fort Gordon , Lagouranis says , " I lost my mind a little bit .
Panic attacks , anxiety , insomnia , nightmares .
I was shaking all the time .
Plus I was really angry .
I was being pretty insubordinate .
After you come back they do a lot of patting you on the back and calling you hero and they are handing out medals to everybody , and I was like ' Fuck you guys .
Our mission over there was bullshit .
Everything we did was bullshit . '
And they could n't really say anything to me -- because I was right , first of all , and second of all they had all spent the entire time at Abu Ghraib , whereas I had been knee deep in dead bodies .
" So they were like , ' What are we going to do with this Lagouranis guy ? '
I was obviously a mess , too .
So they got me out .
They gave me an honorable discharge , which was good . "
Lagouranis left the army in mid-July of 2005 , house - sat briefly in New Orleans for some friends , and returned to Chicago in August .
" I get off the train and I 'm feeling really horrible and off balance .
My girlfriend brings me back and puts me in her bed and she goes to work .
I 'm laying there trying to sleep and I 'm hearing this klezmer music coming from the neighbors .
All day long I was hearing this terrible music .
It was driving me nuts .
Then I saw a ghost in the room .
My girlfriend comes back and I 'm complaining about the music and now it was Bill Monroe playing " Blue Moon of Kentucky , " and I 'm like , ' You ca n't hear that ? '
She 's telling me , ' You 're going crazy . '
So then she goes to sleep and then cockroaches start swarming all over the ceiling .
" I think it was because I had been on Zoloft and Welbutrin and decided to stop taking that stuff , and I guess you 're not supposed to just stop .
So for three days and nights I did n't sleep and I 'm seeing things and hearing things .
I 'm hearing talk radio - - it 's news about Iraq .
It was in my head but it did n't sound like it was in my head .
Even after she told me I was hearing this stuff , I did n't believe it .
I would walk around her house and her refrigerator would be singing German folk songs .
I 'd step out on the back porch and I 'd hear Lou Rawls .
It should have been obvious to me that I was losing it , but I kept trying to convince myself that I really am hearing this stuff .
So I ended up in the emergency room at the VA .
. . .
Finally I just fell asleep from exhaustion and then I was OK . "
While the voices in his head were gone , his anger was not .
Even before he left the army he'd let a friend interview him for KALW , the NPR outlet in San Francisco .
Then a lawyer in New York he knew interviewed him in connection with a civil case that involved Iraqi detainees and American contractors .
Frontline knew something about the case and gave him a call .
Before that summer and fall were over he'd also told Hardball and Democracy Now his story about what he called the culture of abuse .
He was the first interrogator who had worked in Iraq to describe torture and abuse by American troops , and in the wake of the interviews he started working on a book , Fear Up Harsh : An Army Interrogator 's Dark Journey Through Iraq , that will be published in June .
Army press spokesman John Paul Boyce responded to the Hardball interview by saying that the army " has never given authority to any soldier throughout this war to abuse or torture detainees .
. . .
We encourage Mr. Lagouranis to provide the army any new information so that it may be investigated thoroughly . "
Lagouranis did n't believe he had anything new to say to the army besides the abuse he'd reported in January 2004 in Abu Ghraib , in two CID interviews after he left Mosul that spring , three times to the marine chain of command at Kalsu in September and October , and again in an interview he 'd instigated with CID after his return to Georgia in January 2005 .
After his appearance on Frontline was aired in October 2005 , however , an investigator from the army 's CID came to Lagouranis 's apartment and asked why he had n't reported any of the abuse before going to the media .
" The guy said to me , ' We ran your name through the computer .
We do n't have any reports from you . "
Asked by the Reader what the army had done to respond to Lagouranis 's complaints , Boyce , the army spokesman , responded via e-mail that " Mr. Lagouranis was interviewed by CID to follow up on his allegations , but offered little specific information for further action . "
No one , Boyce said , had been charged with any offense .
Marine captain David Nevers , public affairs officer for the 24th MEU , responded to Lagouranis 's accusations of abuse committed at Kalsu by marines .
" I can tell you that there was no evidence to substantiate the thrust of his claim , which was that persons we were detaining were being abused at the point of detention , " Nevers said last week .
" Were our marines aggressive in pursuing and subduing known murderers , criminals , and terrorists ?
You bet .
Did some of those characters get roughed up a bit during detention at the point of takedown ?
Yeah , inevitably .
We were fighting a war and the enemy plays for keeps , and our guys in pursuing , in what we call hard hits , are going to have to be very aggressive in assuring their own safety and the safety of those that they are detaining .
But were our guys as a matter of course abusing those we were detaining ?
Absolutely not .
And to automatically equate a few cuts and bruises sustained during arrest and detention where our marines are encountering armed resistance is to demonstrate a poor appreciation , to put it charitably , for the environment in which our guys were operating . "
Nevers thought Lagouranis had filed only one complaint and did not know the circumstances or injuries alleged .
Lagouranis says he filed three complaints -- involving an old man and his family who were allegedly beaten in their home , a man who said he was hit with the back of an ax head during interrogation , and a chicken farmer who fled when the MEU arrived - - a man not wanted for any offense yet allegedly beaten during the marines ' interrogation .
Lagouranis says he saw more serious injuries at Kalsu that he did n't report .
" I do n't know why I filed some abuses and not others .
I guess it had to do with how busy or tired I was and how much I liked the prisoner I was dealing with . "
The techniques Lagouranis used were authorized by Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez , commander of coalition forces in Iraq , in a memo dated September 14 , 2003 .
The document 's opening section states that the Geneva Conventions are applicable and that " Coalition forces will continue to treat all persons under their control humanely . "
Having said that , Sanchez goes on to authorize inhumane treatment -- stress positions , the use of dogs , exposure to heat or cold , prolonged isolation , loud music , sleep deprivation ( Sanchez called it " sleep management " ) , and the undefined " light control . "
According to Stephen Lewis , one of Lagouranis 's fellow interrogators in the 513th Military Intelligence Brigade , all the techniques Lagouranis deployed with the exception of the use of dogs " were very common and directly overseen by officers as high as a full colonel . "
Lewis served in Iraq at the same time Lagouranis did , but was deployed solely in Abu Ghraib and in a location he is not allowed to discuss because that information is classified .
The techniques , Lewis said , " were considered legal and required approval each time requested .
I never witnessed or heard of a rejection of a request . "
Lewis says he did n't see anyone use dogs because the colonels who supervised the two sites where he worked were squeamish about them .
Lewis says he was required to submit a detainee abuse report whenever a prisoner complained of mistreatment , no matter where it had taken place .
He recalls patterns of torture emerging , with specific methods peculiar to specific locations -- there was a Ramadi pattern , for instance , and another for Fallujah .
He recalls that prisoners complained of having been sodomized by a broom or squeegee handle in one location , and although he'd report it he'd hear the same allegation several months later from another prisoner detained at the same location .
" Not once did I hear of any arrests " as a result of an abuse report , he says , though it was clear to him that the detainees were not repeating a rehearsed story .
" It was obvious that certain abuse was happening all over the country , " he says .
" Every day I saw things that to so many of us interrogators seemed so normal and part of a routine that nobody said anything .
It takes a unique clarity to stand up and say what everyone thinks is so normal is actually abhorrent .
I think I did well under the circumstances , but no one reported what they should have when they should have -- including me .
" I saw barbaric traits begin to seep out of me and other good and respectable people -- good Americans who never should have been put in that position to begin with .
They have two choices - - disobey direct orders or become monsters .
It 's a lonely road when everyone else is taking the other one . "
Asked if he thinks the techniques Lagouranis used constituted torture , Lewis said , " I think it was a very blurry line over there .
All of the techniques any of us used were expressly approved by high - ranking officers , so any interrogator had plausible deniability because we were repeatedly told we were in the right .
Yet Tony stood up and said it was wrong what the highest echelons of the Pentagon at the time were saying was right .
Which is much more than most of us can say . "
And yet for all the courage Lagouranis has shown in coming forward , taking on the army and the marines single - handedly , enduring denunciation from various partisans , and speaking at various human rights events , he still has to face himself .
Here is a torturer who has studied the great works of Western civilization and floated around the country living a nonconformist 's life .
He lived for six months in his current apartment with nothing more than a mattress , a folding chair , and a box on which to put his computer ; the furniture he now has , donated by a friend , might be rejected by the Salvation Army .
And he has tortured .
The measure of that is his victims .
Asked what she might expect to see in a man who'd been held in a shipping container , his vision obscured , bombarded with strobe lighting and loud music , deprived of sleep , exposed to hypothermia , and threatened by a large dog , Rosa Garcia - Peltoniemi , senior consulting clinician for the Center for Victims of Torture in Minneapolis , said she would n't be surprised if the man suffered severe physical and psychological damage for the rest of his life .
Asked how he explains himself , Lagouranis says , " It 's tough .
I can say I was following orders , and that is partly true .
I was wondering , ' At what point do I put my foot down ? ' and there were definitely times when I said I was n't going to cross this or that line . "
Lagouranis refused , he says , to engage in sexual humiliation , electric shock , or mock execution ( though he admits that he once failed to assure a blindfolded prisoner he was escorting past some soldiers at target practice that this was not a firing squad ) .
He also says he never hit a prisoner , though he admits that hitting someone " might do less damage to him than hypothermia or stress positions or things like that .
It just seemed like that was completely taboo .
I did n't really think that through -- it seemed to me like that was where the line was legally and morally .
" But there are other answers , too .
You are in a war zone and things get blurred .
We wanted intelligence .
It really became absolutely morally impossible for me to continue when I realized that most of the people we were dealing with were innocent .
And that was tough .
So it made it easier if I thought that I was actually dealing with a real - life bad guy .
Another thing that made it easier was that I felt -- and I think this is a flawed argument too -- that it was all environmental things that were happening to this person .
Like it was gravity that was making his knees hurt , it was the fact that it was cold outside that was making him uncomfortable , it was n't me , you know what I mean ?
As I said , those are flawed arguments , but it makes it easier to do it if you think of it that way .
" Then , also , you 're in an environment where everybody is telling you that this is OK , and it's hard to be the only person saying , ' This is wrong . '
And I really was , even as I was doing it , I was the only person saying , ' We 've got to put the brakes on .
What 's going too far here ?'
" You might think this is not a good defense either , but the things that I did were n't really that horrible .
I mean , I saw some really horrible torture .
And I 'm sure like every torturer would say this --' Other people are doing worse things . '
I did n't carry the things that I was doing as far as I could have .
Like the guys that we were leaving out in the cold , I was always the one who went out and checked on them all the time .
Most of the other people would just sit in the office and watch DVDs while these guys were out in the cold .
I was bringing them in and warming them up .
So I did n't go as far as I might have .
" I do n't think people can imagine what it 's like .
In Mosul we were wide open .
There was [ only ] concertina wire separating us from the town and we were getting mortared all the time .
You'd be laying in bed and mortars were going off all over the place .
The infantry brings you somebody and they tell you that this is the guy who 's shooting mortars at you .
Scaring him with a muzzled dog does n't seem like the worst thing in that situation .
. . .
I mean I was willing to try it .
I did n't know that it was n't going to work . "
jconroy@chicagoreader.com
Engineer André Noth with Sky - Sailor .
Image credit : Alain Herzog – EPFL .
Sky - Sailor , the working dream of a solar - powered , autonomously - controlled microairplane , has exciting implications in two areas : one on the technological advances of unmanned air vehicles ( UAVs ) ; and another on exploring the lower atmosphere of Mars .
Scientists André Noth , Walter Engel and Roland Siegwart of the Institute of Robotics and Intelligent Systems in Switzerland believe that Sky - Sailor will reach the inner orbit of Mars within a decade or two , depending on advancements in technology .
While other solar airplanes have been developed since the late 1970s , the scientists have defined loftier goals for Sky - Sailor .
The group plans to have the airplane fly continuously for at least several months , all by itself , and all on solar power .
“ Sky - Sailor is unique because it is designed to fly autonomously — not only during the day , but also during the entire night until the next morning , where a new cycle of charge and discharge of the battery can start , ” Noth explained to PhysOrg.com .
The project began in late 2003 as part of a technology program for the European Space Agency to explore the gap between the areas covered by high - flying orbiters and land - rolling rovers .
By early 2005 , the scientists had built and tested an initial prototype , which was launched by hand and achieved a continuous flight time of five hours , with a 24 - hour flight test planned for the summer of 2007 .
In a paper in IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine , Noth , Engel and Siegwart reported on their most recent research .
“ The benefit of having a solar airplane on Mars would be the ability to cover an extended area in a short period of time and on each location on the red planet , ” Noth said .
“ Rovers have poor area coverage and satellites a predefined path , i.e. their orbit .
Airplanes could be a complementary help for ground mission , giving information to a rover about the best path to reach a point of interest , and avoiding stones and ravines where it could get stuck .
Moreover , an airplane could study the atmosphere ( e.g. composition , winds , weather ) and the magnetic field , which are topics which we have very little information on so far . ”
In order for Sky - Sailor to navigate Mars , the group demonstrates , the plane must satisfy that planet ’s flight conditions : a low atmospheric density , decreased solar energy , variable winds and below - freezing temperatures .
At an altitude of 1500 m and an average velocity of 30 km/hr , Sky - Sailor ’s top priorities include a low - weight structure to minimize energy needs , and a small enough volume to fit inside the shell which will transport the plane to Mars .
Components of Sky - Sailor .
Image credit : Noth , et al .
According to these constraints , the scientists demonstrate an optimal wingspan of about 3 m .
Weight is a bit trickier , especially with the current battery densities which mean the batteries currently account for almost half of the plane ’s total mass of 2.6 kg .
The scientists ’ goals , therefore , rely on improved battery technology in the future .
“ Sky - Sailor was designed as a prototype flying on Earth to prove that continuous flight is feasible on Mars ( by flying at altitude were air density is comparable , for example ) , ” Noth explained .
“ In fact , many challenges remain , such as the fact that , at the very low temperature on Mars , the battery would have a highly reduced capacity if not heated and maintained at more than 0 - 10°C .
Moreover , entry into the atmosphere of the red planet with the airplane folded in a shell would decelerate with the use of a parachute , which requires investigation .
So whereas it is feasible now on Earth , it would require a huge amount of additional work to be sure that the airplane can safely travel all the distance to Mars , withstand the vibration during the entry in the Martian atmosphere , then deploy itself and work in an atmosphere where the temperature can decrease to - 100°C . ”
The current plane prototype , which the scientists constructed by hand , is made of rigid , low - weight materials including balsa wood and carbon fiber .
The 216 flexible solar cells , with a 17 % efficiency , enable the plane to retrieve more than 80 watts at optimal sun conditions .
To maintain a leveled flight , Sky - Sailor requires around 16.25 watts — the excess energy is stored in a lithium - ion polymer battery for night use .
With the storage capability , the scientists say that the plane can fly all night , plus several more hours during cloudy or foggy conditions .
For such a small , light - weight structure , the plane can do some high - tech things .
Digital sensors can measure altitude and airspeed , allowing the plane to fly over targets such as coasts or canyons , while a CCD camera can image the ground .
While the plane ’s default is autopilot , a ground control station can also allow the scientists to monitor and give orders to the plane while in flight .
Based on these abilities , the group suggests that Sky - Sailor might have uses closer to home , as well .
Because of its low - cost , long flight times and simplicity , the scientists list applications such as border surveillance , weather research , media imaging , and forest fire prevention — where the latter alone costs billions of dollars in damage each year .
“ What is the most exciting is the global design methodology of such a system , ” said Noth .
“ In fact , we are not developing new solar cells or new batteries for the prototype , but rather we are finding the best way to combine actual technologies in order to optimize characteristics like the autonomy , for example .
For comparison , a good chef can cook you an exceptional meal with standard products , whereas an apprentice can miss it completely even using expensive products .
The important knowledge lies in the recipe , and this is the same for the case of an engineer working on a multidisciplinary project . ”
Citation : Noth , André , Engel , Walter , Siegwart , Roland .
“ Flying Solo and Solar to Mars : Global Design of a Solar Autonomous Airplane for Sustainable Flight . ” IEEE Robotics & Automation Magazine .
September 2006 pp. 44 -52 .
Copyright 2007 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Magnetic models
Introduction
Strong magnets have become inexpensive - and their use as modelling materials has now become practical .
Galleries
Strut length limitations
The pure - neodymium route provides that capability without much effort - since cylinder magents are available in widths down to half a millimeter thick - allowing for strut lengths to be varied with that sort of granularity without much difficulty .
Magnet strength tests
Stronger magnets help when building bigger models .
I did some strength testing of the various magnetic modelling materials I had available :
Name 6mm
Rod 6mm
Cyl Uni
Mag Geo
Mag Sup
Mag Mag
Stx Sup
Sml 3mm
Rod Stx
Bls Mag
Max Wit
ka Strength Strength 11 10 10 9 9 8 7 7 7 5 5 Mass /l 2.08 1.43 1.77 1.98 1.14 0.68 0.76 0.51 0.48 0.43 0.43
These tests all used 6 mm ball bearings as the test weights .
Note that the strength scale is non-linear - the further away each ball is , the greater increment in magenetic strength it represents .
The mass / length figure does n't make any attempt to factor in the weight of the steel ball bearings .
They make up a lot of the weight in many kinds of model .
I dissected a couple of rods - to see how they were made :
Supermag
Geomag
Supermag uses a single 5 mm diameter solid magnet .
A few notes in summary :
The " raw " neodymium magnets are strongest .
They also have configurable lengths - and some have reasonable weight .
Of the commercial systems , Unimag was the strongest I tested .
Supermag scores highly in both strength and weight .
It comes in a range of lengths - and has a neat ability to fit many rods around one ball .
Contention
Typically the magnets know which way around they are best positioned , and they leap from your fingers onto to the model while adopting that configuration .
Sometimes they leap to the wrong location - but they can be pulled off again without too much bother .
Hollow cylinders
Some magnetic strength is lost in the process of removing the magnet 's core - but the hollow tubular magnets seem preferable to the solid cylindrical ones overall .
Scaling
3 mm neodymium magnet spaceframe
3 mm neodymium magnet ring
Making the components larger or smaller seems unlikely to make much difference to the range of models which could be constructed .
Size does make quite a difference to construction cost , though .
Neodymium magnets are not yet so cheap that cost is a negligible factor .
Unfortunately , there are some disadvantages to using smaller magnets :
They are more difficult to manipulate with your fingers ;
Hollow cylindrical versions are not easily available much below 6 mm ;
The thinnest magnet is still 0.5 mm thick - so there are more length - quantization issues ;
The modeling stratgey would benefit somewhat from the use of hollow ball bearings .
However , unfortunately , hollow and light ball bearings do not yet seem to be widely available .
Spheres
Neodymium magnetic spheres
Modelling with magnetic spheres is also possible .
See the neodymium magnetic sphere page for more details .
Hazzards
Some people have sensitivities to nickel .
I do n't seem to be one of them , and am not too concerned about absorbing heavy metals through my fingers from these components .
Magnetic modelling can be fun - and doing too much of it might waste your time and or give you RSI .
Nontheless , I rate magnetic modelling as a fairly low addiction risk activity - and a moderate - to - low RSI risk hazzard .
If you have small kids , you might want to think twice about leaving these components lying around .
There are a number of other potential hazzards with magnets - read the warnings and take appropriate care .
Links
Neodymium modelling
Magnet suppliers
Bulk magnet suppliers
Plastic magnetic kits
Models pages
Non-magnetic construction kits
« BLOOMBERG AND THE NEWMANITES | Main | EXTENSIVE POLICE ABUSE OF GAYS IN U.S. -- A New Report from Amnesty Int'l »
September 20 , 2005
' THEY'LL KILL ME ' -- A GAY IRANIAN TORTURE VICTIM SPEAKS
I wrote the following article for Gay City News -- the largest gay weekly paper in New York City -- and it will appear in their new issue on Thursday :
Amir is a 22 - year - old gay Iranian who was arrested by Iran ’s morality police as part of a massive Internet entrapment campaign targeting gays .
He was beaten and tortured while in custody , threatened with death , and lashed 100 times ( see photos ) .
He escaped from Iran in August , and is now in Turkey , where he awaits the granting of asylum by a gay - friendly country .
In a two hour telephone interview from Turkey , Amir -- through a translator -- provided a terrifying , first - hand account of the Islamic Republic of Iran ’s intense and extensive anti-gay crackdown , which swept up Amir and made him its victim .
Here is Amir ’s story :
Amir is from Shiraz , a city of more than a million people in southwestern Iran that the Shah tried to make “ the Paris of Iran ” in the 1960s and 1970s , attracting a not insignificant gay population and making Shiraz a favorite vacation spot for Iranian gays -- but after the 1979 revolution led by Ayatollah Khomeini , Shiraz was targeted as a symbol of taaghoot ( decadence ) .
Amir ’s father was killed by a gas attack in the Iran - Iraq war in the 1987 , becoming -- in the Islamic Republic ’s official parlance -- a “ martyr , ” whose surviving family thus had the right to special benefits and treatment from the state .
Amir , who grew up with his mother , an older brother and two sisters , says “ I ’ve known I was gay since I was about 5 or 6 -- I always preferred to play with girls .
I had my first sexual experience with a man when I was 13 .
But nobody in my family knew I was gay . ”
Amir ’s first arrest for being gay occurred two years ago .
“ I was at a private gay party , about 25 young people there , all of us close friends .
One of the kids , Ahmed Reza -- whose father was a colonel in the intelligence services , and who was known to the police to be gay -- snitched on us , and alerted the authorities this private party was going to happen .
Ahmed waited until everyone was there , then called the Office for Promotion of Virtue and Prohibition of Vice , headed in Shiraz by Colonel Safaniya , who a few minutes later raided the party .
The door opened , and the cops swarmed in , insulting us -- screaming ‘ who ’s the bottom ?
Who ’s the top ? ’ and beating us , led by Colonel Javanmardi .
When someone tried to stop them beating up the host of the party , they were hit with pepper spray .
One of our party was a trans - sexual -- the cops slapped her face so hard they busted her eardrum and she wound up in hospital .
Ahmed Reza , the gay snitch , was identifying everyone as the cops beat us up .
" The cops took sheets , ripped them up and blindfolded us , threw us into a van , and took us to a holding cell in Interior Ministry headquarters -- they knew us all by name , ” Amir recounts .
Iranians live in fear of the Interior Ministry , which has a reputation like that of the former Soviet KGB ’s domestic bureau , and whose prisons strike fear in people ’s hearts the way the infamous Lubianka once did .
Amir says that , “ I was the third person to be interrogated .
The cops had seized videos taken at the party , in one of which I was reciting a poem .
The cops told me to recite it again .
‘ What poem ? ’
I said .
They began beating me in the head and face .
When I tried to deny I was gay , they took off my shoes and began beating the soles of my feet with cables , the pain was excruciating .
I was still blindfolded .
They had found dildos in the house where the party was -- they beat me with them , stuffed them in my mouth .
When I told them my father was a martyr [ of the Iran - Iraq war ] they beat me up even more , and harder .
They took away my card [ entitling Amir to martyr ’s benefits ] and said they ’d tell the local university , where I was studying computers . ”
At the same time , Amir continues , “ They went to my house , seized my computer , found online homoerotic pictures of guys in it , and showed them to my mother .
That ’s how mother found out I was gay .
Eventually I was tried and fined 100,000 tomens [ or about $ 120 , a large sum in Iran ] .
At the time he fined me , the judge told me that ‘ if we send you to a physician who vouches that your rectum has been penetrated in any way , you will be sentenced to death . ’ ”
Most of the anti-gay crackdown , Amir says , is conducted by the basiji .
The basiji are a sort of unofficial para - police under the authority of the hard - line Revolutionary Guards ( called Pasdaran in Persian . )
It is the basiji -- thugs recruited from the criminal classes and the lumpen unemployed -- who are assigned to be agents provocateurs , and are given the violent dirty work , so the regime can claim it was n’t officially responsible .
For example , during recent university strikes and demonstrations , it was the basiji who were charged with the defenestrations and the vicious beatings of rebellious students .
A year after his first arrest , an unrepentant Amir was in a Yahoo gay chat room on the web .
“ Someone came into the chat room and started messaging me , but I told him he was n’t my type and gave him a description of the kind of guy I was looking to meet .
A few minutes later , another guy started messaging me .
We exchanged pix , and he sent me his web - page right away -- and he matched exactly all the descriptions I ’d sent to the previous guy .
It turned out later both guys were police agents , they had so many they could come up with one who matched the personal preferences of any gay guy in the chat rooms . ”
“ With this second guy , I was really excited , and we made a date for that afternoon at a phone booth near Bagh - e - Safa bridge .
When I got there , we started to walk away to talk and get to know each other .
But within 30 seconds , I felt a hand laid on my shoulder from behind -- it was an undercover agent in regular clothes , whose name turned out to be Ali Panahi .
With two other basiji , he handcuffed me , forced me into a car , and took me back to the Intelligence Ministry headquarters , a very scary place .
There I denied that I was gay , and denied that this had been a gay rendezvous -- but they showed me a printout from the chatroom of my messages and my pix . ”
Then , says Amir , the torture began .
“ There was a metal chair in the middle of the room -- they put a gas flame under the chair , and made me sit on it as the metal seat got hotter and hotter .
They threatened to send me to an army barracks where all the soldiers were going to rape me .
There was a soft drink bottle sitting on a table -- Ali Panahi told one of the other basiji to take the bottle and shove it up my as , screaming , ‘ This will teach you not to want any more cock ! ’
I was so afraid of sitting in that metal chair as it got hotter and hotter that I confessed .
Then they brought out my file , and told me that I was a ‘ famous faggot ’ in Shiraz .
They beat me up so badly that I passed out , and was thrown , unconscious , into a holding cell .
" When I came to , I saw there were several dozen other gay guys in the cell with me .
One of them told me that , after they had taken him in , they beat him and forced him to set up dates with people through chat rooms -- and each one of those people had been arrested , those were the other people in that cell with me . ”
“ We were eventually all taken to court , and cross-examined .
The judge sentenced four of us , including me , to public flogging .
The news was printed all over the newspapers that a group of homosexuals had been arrested , with our names .
I got 100 lashes -- I passed out before the 100 lashes were over .
When I woke up , my arms and legs were so numb that I fell over when they picked me up from the platform on which I ’d been lashed .
They had told me that , if I screamed , they will beat me even harder -- so I was biting my arms so hard , to keep from screaming , that I left deep teeth wounds in my own arms . ”
After this entrapment and public flogging , Amir ’s life became unbearable -- he was rousted regularly at his home by the basiji and by agents of the Office for Promotion of Virtue and Prohibition of Vice [ which represses “ moral deviance ” -- things like boys and girls walking around holding hands , women not wearing proper Islamic dress or wearing makeup , same - sex relations , and prostitution .
But after the hangings of two gay teens in the city of Mashad in July of this year ( below ) -- and the world - wide protests that followed those hangings --
Amir says that things got even worse for him and other Iranian gays .
Amir was under continual surveillance , harassed , and threatened : “ After the Mashad incident , the ‘ visits ’ from the authorities became an almost daily occurrence .
They would come to my house and threaten me .
They knew everything about everything I did , about everywhere I went .
They would tell me exactly what I had done each and every time I had left the house .
It had gotten to the point where I was starting to suspect my own friends of spying on me .
On one of these visits , Ali Panahi -- the one who ’d arrested me the last time -- grabbed me by the hair and asked me if I ’d suck his cock if he asked me to .
One of my friends was raped by Ali Panahi , who fucked my friend in exchange for letting him go without a record .
" They would arrest me all the time , take me in for questioning in the middle of the day -- when I left the house , they ’d hassle me , ask me if I was going to go looking for dick , and tell me not to leave my house and to keep off the streets .
In one of these arrests , Colonel Javanmardi told me that if they catch me again that I would be put to death , ‘ just like the boys in Mashad . ’
He said it just like that , very simply , very explicitly .
He did n’t mince his words .
We all know that the boys who were hanged in Mashad were gay -- the rape charges against them were trumped up , just like the charges of theft and kidnapping against them .
When you get arrested , you are forced by beatings , torture , and threats to confess to crimes you did n’t commit .
It happens all the time , it happened to friends of mine .
" I could not get a job because of my case history .
Since I was obviously gay I could n’t get a job anywhere , and could not get a government job because of my record , Amir says . ”
By the last time the cops came to his house , Amir had decided to try to leave the country : “ I invented an excuse , and told them I had to go to Tehran to take my higher university entrance exams .
I already had a passport from three years ago .
In Tehran I borrowed a little money from a friend and came to Turkey by bus .
At the border , I really lucked out -- I was terrified because I had a record , and not enough money to get out or pay a bribe . ”
But indolent border guards did n’t bother to check on him -- they just took his passport , stamped it , and let him leave .
That , says Amir , was about a month ago .
When asked what message he wants to send to the world about what ’s happening in Iran , and what he thinks about his own future , Amir pauses , then says : “ The situation of gays in Iran is dreadful .
We have no rights at all .
They would beat me up and tell me to confess to things I had n’t done , and I would do it .
The gays and lesbians in Iran are under unbelievable pressure -- they need help , they need outside intervention .
Things are really bad .
Really bad !
We are constantly harassed in public , walking down the street , going to the store , going home … anywhere and anywhere , everyone , everyone !
One of my dear friends , Nima , commited suicide a month ago in Shiraz .
He just could n’t take it anymore .
I do n’t know what ’s going to happen to me .
I ’ve run out of money .
I do n’t know what to do .
I just hope they do n’t send me back to Iran .
They ’ll kill me there . ”
My profound gratitude to Dr. Houman Sarshar for his generous translation and research assistance in the preparation of this article .
For background on the new wave of gay repression in Iran , see my previous articles : July 21 -- Iran Executes Two Gay Teenagers ( Updated ) ; August 11 -- Iran Sources Question Rape Charges in Teen Executions ; August 12 -- Two New Gay Executions Scheduled in Iran , Says Iranian Exile Group ; August 17 -- Iran 's Deadly Anti-Gay Crackdown : With Two More Executions Scheduled , the Pace of Repression Steps Up. August 25 -- Iran 's Anti-Gay Purge Grows : Reports of New Executions .
September 8 -- Iran and the Death of Gay Activism .
Posted by Direland at 05:55 PM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c0c4453ef00d834254f2453ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference ' THEY'LL KILL ME ' -- A GAY IRANIAN TORTURE VICTIM SPEAKS :
» DIRELAND : THEYLL KILL ME A GAY IRANIAN TORTURE VICTIM SPEAKS from Leftnews
Torture and death are what await gays and lesbians in Iran .
Douglas Ireland reports on the repression of peoples most basic rights .
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 21 , 2005 7:23:39 AM
» from echtzeit
Theyll kill me .
A gay iranian torture victim speaks .
( Die Kommentare lassen Erinnerungen wach werden ) ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 21 , 2005 10:04:10 AM
» 'THEY'LL KILL ME ' -- A GAY IRANIAN TORTURE VICTIM SPEAKS from whittier.nl
Amir is a 22 - year - old gay Iranian who was arrested by Iran ’s morality police as part of a massive Internet entrapment campaign targeting gays .
He was beaten and tortured while in custody , threatened with death , and lashed 100 time .
He escaped from Iran ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 21 , 2005 10:07:32 AM
» A Torture Victim Speaks from Lysis
Amir is a 22 - year - old gay Iranian who was arrested by Iran ’s morality police as part of a massive Internet entrapment campaign targeting gays .
He was beaten and tortured while in custody , threatened with death , and lashed 100 times .
He escaped from ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 22 , 2005 12:27:36 AM
» The Voice of a Gay Iranian Torture Victim from The UnCapitalist Journal
 The situation of gays in Iran is dreadful .
We have no rights at all .
They would beat me up and tell me to confess to things I hadnt done , and I would do it .
The gays and lesbians in Iran are under ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 26 , 2005 9:55:49 PM
» The Voice of a Gay Iranian Torture Victim from MoJo Blog
" The situation of gays in Iran is dreadful .
We have no rights at all .
They would beat me up and ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 27 , 2005 8:30:03 PM
» Flight socks to prevent blood clots from on a well - conducted
vein thrombosis reported two newspapers on 19 April 2006 .
The reports were based on a well - conducted systematic review of trials , the results of [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 10 , 2006 8:19:52 AM
» Indonesia Earthquake Response and Help from replacement software ,
emergency software , replacement software , data / imagery , or services / consulting assistance [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 15 , 2006 3:10:42 PM
» India - Imam Khomeini , we remember you from doubt Imam Rohullah
Khomeini of Iran was one of the brightest lights of Islam in the last one hundred years .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 16 , 2006 4:46:06 AM
» Our Latest Reason for Invading Iraq from ( By Tom Tomorrow
( By Tom Tomorrow ) [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 17 , 2006 2:43:53 AM
» Immigration Contemplation from Los Angeles ,
Immigration is a federal issue therefore Congress will ultimately decide its fate .
Right now , the House and the Senate [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 17 , 2006 8:33:07 AM
» iHOUSE ConnecTel Listing Hotline Now Available to All Realtors and No Website Needed from 22 , 2006 )
the ConnecTel toll - free hotline from iHOUSE Web Solutions , all real estate agents [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 28 , 2006 6:51:54 AM
» W weighs Cuba kin visa opening from Cuban families
- The Bush administration is preparing to help reunite some Cuban families with relatives already in the United [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 9 , 2006 2:58:30 AM
» Update : Joe Lieberman Faces Slim Defeat ; Cynthia McKinney Losing In Atlanta from sales@allheadlinenews.com .
sales@allheadlinenews.com .
AHN offers content subscriptions to commercial , busiuness [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 9 , 2006 7:28:55 PM
Comments
In addition to state - sponsored torture , individuals or groups may be motivated to inflict torture on others for similar reasons to those of a state ; however , the motive for torture can also be for the sadistic gratification of the torturer , as was the case in the Moors murders .
Torture is prohibited under international law and the domestic laws of most countries .
Amnesty International estimates that at least 81 world governments currently practice torture , some openly .
Posted by : buy viagra | Jan 15 , 2010 11:15:33 AM
www.phone-sex-psychologist.com
www.phone-sex-hypnosis.com
www.smartphonesex.org
www.wholeearthphonesex.com
www.freephonesex.org
www.1800phonesex.net
www.1on1phonesex.com
www.phonesexphone.com
www.hotphone.com
Posted by : sams | Apr 6 , 2008 8:38:02 AM
bowling tips
http://www.angelfire.com/nv/bowling/tips.html
Posted by : bowling tips | Apr 6 , 2008 8:33:50 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
QR Code Link to This Post
In spite of this , it is not necessary to fear me .
Fox News , Nancy Grace , and KPTV Channel 12 have told you about every single murderer and rapist in existence .
Please note they have never mentioned me .
I am one of the very few middle aged men who have decided not to dedicate his life to committing violent crimes against women .
There are indeed evil men in the world .
I am not one of them .
If you encounter me alone on the street you need n't quicken your pace or duck into Starbucks .
If you end up in line next to me , you do n't have to position a backpack or purse in the airspace between us .
You need n't fail to say a muffled “ excuse me ” when you reach across me to grab a straw .
Fleeting eye contact with me will not be interpreted as an invitation to stalk you .
Even if you acknowledge my existence , I will be able to resist engaging you in an overly familiar conversation .
I am not dying to get to know you .
I am not trying to read the name on your credit card .
I will not find it necessary to contrive an accident which allows me to touch your arm , thigh , breast , or ass .
Fortunately for you I am GAY .
Could n't tell huh ?
There are a few of us who do n't wear leather chaps , dresses , bangles , or rainbow visors .
So , you see , I 'm not trying to imagine you naked or catch a peek of your cleavage .
Your boobs have no power over me .
Can you believe it ?
I 'm not attempting to mentally photograph you in order to fuel future masturbatory sessions .
I am able to live forever without carnal knowledge of you .
Should we end up the sole survivors on a deserted planet , you will remain childless and humanity will end .
So , could you just calm down ?
The food industry is redefining itself with an increasing number of people joining the health revolution .
But not everything sold to you under the pretext of health is always what they say it is .
The food items you buy from the local stores still have the nutritional value written at the back of the pack .
…
Read more
Wrote a very basic prover for theorems in propositional logic while waiting for a build to finish .
Not terribly exciting , but should be relatively easy to extend to first - order logic and / or turn it into a constructive prover by adding a DPLL step .
I ’ve tested it on a proof by contradiction for the hypothetical syllogism ( ( a => b ) /\ ( b => c ) ) => ( a => c ) , and on some common inference rules .
These are the tests :
a = LSym " a " ; b = LSym " b " ; c = LSym " c " ; p = LSym " p " ; q = LSym " q " ; r = LSym " r " ; s = LSym " s " test = LNot $ ( ( a :-> b ) :& ( b :-> c ) ) :-> ( a :-> c ) -- contradiction test_ModusPonens = ( ( p :-> q ) :& p ) -- q test_ModusTollens = ( ( p :-> q ) :& ( LNot q ) ) -- not p test_HypSyllogism = ( ( p :-> q ) :& ( q :-> r ) ) -- p -> r test_DisSyllogism = ( ( p :| q ) :& ( LNot p ) ) -- q test_ConstrDilemma = ( ( p :-> q ) :& ( r :-> s ) :& ( p :| r ) ) -- q or s test_DestrDilemma = ( ( p :-> q ) :& ( r :-> s ) :& ( ( LNot q ) :| ( LNot s ) ) ) -- not p or not r tests = map ( pprint .
resolve .
compile ) [ test , test_ModusPonens , test_ModusTollens , test_HypSyllogism , test_DisSyllogism , test_ConstrDilemma , test_DestrDilemma ]
The algorithm consists of bringing the expression into conjunctive normal form ( I ’m simultaneously compiling into a desugared core language ) , and applying a set of resolution steps .
The resolution steps consist of trivially rejecting things like A \/ ~A \/ … , simplifying things like A \/ B \/ A \/ … , and merging expressions of the form ( P \/ A \/ … ) /\ ( ~P \/ B \/ … ) into A \/ B \/ … .
The process clearly terminates ; when it does , the resulting expression is what has been inferred from the conjecture .
If the result is a contradiction , then the conjecture is false , if the result is empty then nothing can be inferred , and if it ’s non-empty , then we ’ve proven an inference rule .
Obligatory GHCi session :
* Main > pprint ( resolve $ compile ( LNot $ ( ( a :-> b ) :& ( b :-> c ) ) :-> ( a :-> c ) ) )
“ ( c & ~ c ) ”
* Main > pprint ( resolve $ compile ( ( p :-> q ) :& ( LNot q ) ) )
“ ~ p ”
The code is below .
Have n’t run into any bugs , but I have n’t tested it extensively .
module Main where import Data .
List import Data .
Maybe -- Expressions data Expr a = LSym a | LNot ( Expr a ) | ( Expr a ) :& ( Expr a ) | ( Expr a ) :| ( Expr a ) | ( Expr a ) :-> ( Expr a ) deriving ( Show , Eq ) -- Minimal core language data CExpr a = CSym a | CNot ( CExpr a ) | CAnd [ CExpr a ] | COr [ CExpr a ] deriving ( Show , Eq , Ord ) -- Desugars and transforms to the core language compile ( LSym x ) = CSym x compile ( a :-> b ) = COr [ compile $ LNot a , compile b ] compile ( LNot a ) = CNot ( compile a ) compile ( a :| b ) = COr [ compile a , compile b ] compile ( a :& b ) = CAnd [ compile a , compile b ] -- Transforms to CNF toCNF ( CSym a ) = ( CSym a ) toCNF ( CNot ( COr ts ) ) = toCNF $ CAnd ( map CNot ts ) toCNF ( CNot ( CAnd ts ) ) = toCNF $ COr ( map CNot ts ) toCNF ( CNot a ) = CNot ( toCNF a ) toCNF ( COr ts ) = let isConj x = case x of ( CAnd _ ) ->
True ; _ ->
False conj = find isConj ts terms = delete ( fromJust conj ) ts in case conj of Nothing ->
COr ( map toCNF ts ) Just ( CAnd e ) -> toCNF ( CAnd $ map ( \ t ->
COr ( t : terms ) ) e ) toCNF ( CAnd ts ) = CAnd ( map toCNF ts ) --
Flattens nested connectives , etc. simplify :: Ord a => CExpr a ->
CExpr a simplify ( CAnd [ t ] ) = t simplify ( COr [ t ] ) = t simplify ( CAnd terms ) = foldl simplifyAnd ( CAnd [ ] ) ( map simplify ( sort terms ) ) where simplifyAnd ( CAnd t ) ( CAnd t' ) = CAnd ( t ++ t ' ) simplifyAnd ( CAnd t ) x = CAnd ( t ++ [ x ] ) simplify ( COr terms ) = foldl simplifyOr ( COr [ ] ) ( map simplify ( sort terms ) ) where simplifyOr ( COr t ) ( COr t' ) = COr ( t ++ t ' ) simplifyOr ( COr t ) x = COr ( t ++ [ x ] ) simplify ( CNot ( CNot e ) ) = simplify e simplify ( CNot e ) = CNot ( simplify e ) simplify e = e -- Resolution step .
Applies reduction patterns as long as the expression is reducible .
resolve e = if e' == e then e else resolve e' where e' = ( toCNF . simplify .
reduce ) e -- Resolution patterns -- ( P or A or ... ) and ( ~P or B or ... ) ==>
( A or B or ... ) reduce ( CAnd terms ) = let unify [ ] = [ ] unify ( t : t1 : xs ) = case merge t t1 of Just e -> unify ( e : xs )
Nothing -> let ( first : rest ) = unify ( t : xs ) in first : unify ( t1 : rest ) unify ( x : xs ) = x : unify xs terms ' = map reduce ( nub terms ) in CAnd ( unify ( deleteFirstsBy ( == ) terms ' [ COr [ ] , CAnd [ ] ] ) ) -- P or ~ P or A == > [ ] and P or P == > P reduce ( COr terms ) = COr ( map reduce ( nub ( nontrivial terms ) ) ) where nontrivial [ ] = [ ] nontrivial ( x : xs ) = if any ( is Not x ) xs then [ ] else x : nontrivial xs reduce x = x --
Helper functions cNot ( CNot x ) = x cNot x = CNot x is
Not x y = x == cNot y -- Merges expressions of the form ( P or A or ... ) and ( ~P or B or ... ) into A or B or ... merge ( COr t1 ) ( COr t2 ) = let cancel [ ] _ = [ ] cancel ( x : xs ) ys = case find ( is Not x ) ys of Nothing -> cancel xs ys Just e -> x : cancel xs ( delete e ys ) in case cancel t1 t2 of [ ] ->
Nothing xs ->
Just ( COr $ ( t1 \\ xs ) ++ ( t2 \\ ( map cNot xs ) ) ) merge ( COr t ) e = merge e ( COr t ) merge e ( COr t ) = find ( is Not e ) t >>= \ e' ->
Just $ COr ( delete e' t ) merge e1 e2 = Nothing pprint :: CExpr String ->
String pprint ( CSym x ) = x pprint ( CNot t ) = " ~ " ++ pprint t pprint ( COr ts ) = " ( " ++ concat ( intersperse " | " ( map pprint ts ) ) ++ " ) " pprint ( CAnd ts ) = " ( " ++ concat ( intersperse " & " ( map pprint ts ) ) ++ " ) "
Update :
I 'm a systems guy .
In my professional life , as per this blog 's title , I necessarily am writing software at a pretty grubby level of abstraction , typically in C and assembly .
So , it often surprises folks that I carry a torch for functional languages in general , and Haskell in particular .
It all dates back to my wasted youth at OGI .
I was porting Linux to the i960 on behalf of an active networking project that , to the best of my knowledge , never really got off the ground .
My cube was adjacent to the warrens of OGI 's fanatical Haskell lovers .
While I was too preoccupied with my work at the time , the sheer wild - eyed passion these folks felt about Haskell made a strong impression on me .
Then , they got one of my friends .
Michael did a substantial programming project in Haskell , and came away convinced that .
While I 've never created real software in Haskell , I 've taken great pleasure in , e.g. , fooling around with Haskore .
I 've often idly wondered whether it made sense to contemplate doing systems programming in Haskell ; well , those crazy folks across the way at OGI have beaten me to it .
The House poster at SOSP was one of the more popular exhibits , and I for one spent a good twenty minutes or so sputtering half - formed questions such as , " so , like , you can use like , eval in your network drivers ! " , after which my head exploded .
well , I got the boot floppy image going inside a VM , albeit briefly before the guest hung .
So there are some bugs to work out ; big freaking deal .
Seeing page - table manipulation code as gorgeous as this looks like a cold beer on a hot summer 's day to me ; and having the OS at large interact with it through this interface makes my heart sing .
These guys badly need a e1000 or vmnet ethernet driver ; any takers ?
Mark Penn is the chief strategist for Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s presidential campaign , working 24/ 7 on her behalf ( indeed , he is known to send email at 2 a.m. ) and earning tens of thousands of dollars in fees .
With that sort of day - and - night job , you would think Mr. Penn would have time for little else .
Indeed , other Clinton senior advisers took leaves of absences or turned down clients in order to work for the campaign .
But he somehow manages to remain president of Burson - Marsteller , a publicly traded global public affairs firm .
And as such , he is inevitably linked to Burson ’s clients — not all of whom are , shall we say , on Mrs. Clinton ’s Christmas card list .
Today we learned that recently one of those clients was Blackwater — the American contractor that provides security to some top American officials in Iraq , and which is under investigation for allegedly aggressive tactics and the role of its guards in the shooting at a Baghdad city square where 17 Iraqis were killed .
Mr. Penn was on a plane this afternoon and could not be reached for him ; a phone message has been left for a Burson spokesman as well .
But Mr. Penn and the spokesman told other news outlets today that Blackwater was only briefly a client in a temporary assignment for a Burson subsidiary , BKSH .
That assignment involved preparing Blackwater for a recent hearing before Congress .
Blackwater is no longer a client , said Mr. Penn , who added that he never worked on the piece of business himself .
“ Through a personal relationship , BKSH , a subsidiary of Burson - Marsteller , helped Blackwater prepare for their recent hearing before Congress .
With the hearing over , BKSH ’s temporary engagement has ended , ” said the Burson spokesman , Paul Cordasco .
A blog for the Nation and the Associated Press carried stories on the Burson - Blackwater connection first .
Howard Wolfson , a spokesman for the Clinton campaign , said that Mrs. Clinton had not asked Mr. Penn for an explanation about Blackwater — about which she has expressed concerns on the campaign trail — nor asked him to take a leave from Burson .
“ Mark is an extremely valuable member of this team , ” Mr. Wolfson said .
“ He is our senior strategist .
Senator Clinton clearly believes Blackwater must be held accountable for its actions . ”
About Mr. Penn ’s ongoing ties to Burson , Mr. Wolfson said .
“ His situation is very typical for presidential campaigns .
There is nothing unusual about a consultant maintaining outside affiliations .
Hillary has trust in Mark . ”
Other Democratic and Republican candidates do have consultants whose firms have a bevy of clients as well ; Harrison Hickman , the pollster for former Senator John Edwards , one of Mrs. Clinton ’s rivals , continues to be a member of Global Strategy Group , which represents insurance and drug companies , for instance .
But Mr. Penn ’s firm has netted the sort of bad headlines that Mrs. Clinton would not seek : Other than Blackwater , clients have included Countrywide Financial , which has been tainted by the subprime mortgage scandal , and Cintas Corp. , which has fought the unionization of its workforce .
One of Mrs. Clinton ’s rivals , former Senator John Edwards , went on the attack this afternoon , meanwhile .
His campaign e-mailed a statement from Mr. Edwards :
“ Bush has been a perfect example of cronyism because Blackwater has given hundreds of thousands of dollars to republicans and to President Bush .
I also saw this morning that Senator Clinton ’s primary adviser , Mark Penn who is like her Karl Rove — his firm is representing Blackwater .
I think it is important for Iowa caucus goers to understand the choices they have in this election .
And it is the reason I continue to say we dont want to replace a group of corporate Republicans with a group of corporate Democrats .
I think it is important for caucus goers to see this choice . ”
Asked to comment on Mr. Edwards ’ shot , Mr. Wolfson repeated that Mr. Penn was a valuable and trusted member of the Clinton campaign .
Mr. Edwards himself was a consultant in 2005 and 2006 with a hedge fund , the Fortress Investment Group , which has had investments in subprime mortgage companies that have foreclosed on victims of Hurricane Katrina .
Mr. Edwards has also had a portfolio with Fortress , but has divested holdings that related to the mortgage companies .
U.S. Mideast Envoy On Palestinian Civil War : " I Like This Violence "
So Mahmoud Abbas dissolved the Palestinian government today , with US approval .
Here 's State Department spokesman Sean McCormack this afternoon , publicly decrying violence in Gaza :
... we have n't seen the spread of violence in the West Bank and I think everybody 's glad for that and everybody 's pleased for that .
Nobody wants to see violence .
Yes , the US sure hates all this violence !
Here 's Condoleezza Rice , speaking in public on February 15 , 2007 , after Fatah and Hamas agreed in Mecca to form a unity government :
Americans did not want to see Palestinians killing Palestinians .
Palestinians should be living in peace among themselves and with Israel .
And I know how difficult it was to watch the violence and to watch innocent people lose their lives .
And so the calm , the hopes for a ceasefire between the Palestinian factions , that 's something we very much support .
This violence !
We hate it !
Now , here 's David Welch , Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs and US Envoy to the Middle East , speaking in private several weeks before Rice .
This appears on p.21 of the leaked report ( pdf ) by Alvaro de Soto , former UN coordinator for the Middle East :
... the US clearly pushed for a confrontation between Fateh and Hamas -- so much so that , a week before Mecca , the US envoy declared twice in an envoys meeting in Washington how much " I like this violence " , referring to the near - civil war that was erupting in Gaza in which civilians were being regularly killed and injured , because " it means that other Palestinians are resisting Hamas " .
( via Paul Woodward at War in Context )
EARLIER : From a June profile of Condoleezza Rice in the Atlantic ( sub. req . ) :
In the fall of 2005 , as part of a new push for democracy in the Middle East , Rice insisted that legislative elections be held in the Palestinian territories ... To Rice ’s surprise , the elections in January 2006 were won by Hamas ...
Eager to reverse the results of the election , Rice decided on a new plan of action that resulted in fighting in the streets of Gaza between Hamas and Fatah gunmen .
The plan , which she developed after speaking to President Bush , was to put pressure on the Hamas government by providing the Palestinian security forces loyal to Abbas with training , intelligence , and large shipments of supplies and new weapons , paid for by the United States and by Saudi Arabia .
The hope was that Hamas , faced with a well - armed , well - trained force of Fatah fighters , might be cowed into moderating its positions or relinquishing the power it had won through elections .
Alternatively , Hamas might be pressured into an escalating series of gun battles , in which case Abbas , as head of the Palestinian security forces , would have an excuse to crush Hamas by force ...
Hamas won the clashes , which left more than 140 Palestinians dead , and the Hamas government remained in power .
And from Conflicts Forum last January :
Deputy National Security Advisor , Elliott Abrams — who Newsweek recently described as “ the last neocon standing ” — has had it about for some months now that the U.S. is not only not interested in dealing with Hamas , it is working to ensure its failure .
In the immediate aftermath of the Hamas elections , last January [ 2006 ] , Abrams greeted a group of Palestinian businessmen in his White House office with talk of a “ hard coup ” against the newly - elected Hamas government — the violent overthrow of their leadership with arms supplied by the United States .
While the businessmen were shocked , Abrams was adamant — the U.S. had to support Fatah with guns , ammunition and training , so that they could fight Hamas for control of the Palestinian government ...
The Abrams program was initially conceived in February of 2006 by a group of White House officials who wanted to shape a coherent and tough response to the Hamas electoral victory of January ... Since at least August [ 2006 ] , Rice , Abrams and U.S. envoy David Welch have been its primary advocates and the program has been subsumed as a “ part of the State Department ’s Middle East initiative . ”
AND : Tony Karon has more .
Yesterday I discussed the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and how it permits the Department of Energy to declare large swaths of the country as national interest electric transmission corridors ( NIETCs ) with little or no justification .
Today I ’ll discuss how the process of granting transmission line construction permits works in the aforementioned NIETCs .
Construction Permitting in National Interest Electric Transmission Corridors
In the state of Colorado , the Public Utilities Commission ( PUC ) is responsible for reviewing applications for construction of new transmission lines or the extension of existing lines .
The PUC rules are basically as follows ( from Part 3 of CCR 723- 3 , “ Rules Regulating Electric Utilities , Rule 3206 ) :
Every year , by April 30 , the utilities must file documentation about each new and in - process transmission line construction project that they ’d like to build for the next three years .
The documentation must include location and purpose of the project , estimated cost and financing method , a project schedule , and a status update for any projects that are already in progress .
The documentation must include descriptions of how the utility is going to reasonably limit exposure to EM fields , such as via larger rights - of - way , burying transmission lines , or making transmission line towers taller .
The filing also has to include information about how the noise of construction and operation of the lines ( such as wind through the wires and the towers ) can be mitigated .
Once the documentation is filed , the PUC informs all expected interested parties and gives them until May 15 to comment on the filing .
The PUC staff then reviews all the documentation and makes recommendations to the Commission itself .
The Commission makes its decision to approve or reject the various proposals no later than June 30 for projects scheduled to start that calendar year or October 31 for projects due to start the next calendar year .
If a local government or the utility does n’t like the PUC ’s decision , either party may appeal the decision .
This process starts with an application for appeal , then goes through a public comment period and public hearings , and then a decision by the PUC .
This example is from the state of Colorado , but the basic process described above is the same in other states .
Until the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( the EPAct ) came along , however , this was the end of it – if a state ’s utilities commission refused to overrule a county or city ’s rejection of a proposed transmission line , there was very little a utility could do besides continue to win over opponents and work through the courts to get the rulings overruled .
Now , though , the EPAct gives utilities in designated “ national interest electric transmission corridors ” ( NIETCs ) another path to pursue if they ca n’t get their construction permits approved : apply to the Federal Electric Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) for authority to build transmission lines over the objections of local and state regulators .
And on the surface , the FERC permitting process is n’t significantly different from the state processes .
Prior to filing its application for federal authority to build , the FERC recommends that the utility gather comment from the public , state and local officials , and the FERC staff in order to refine the application and proposal .
The utility and FERC enter the pre-filing process during which the utility develops a plan to keep the interested parties informed and the FERC ’s staff begins working with the utility and the various interested parties to understand the impacts of the project .
Finally , once all the necessary information has been gathered and , the application is submitted .
The FERC performs a project review during which hearings and technical reviews may be held .
The project is either approved or rejected within a year from the receipt of the application .
However , there are a few interesting differences .
The first difference is that most states require a period of public comment and notification of interested parties .
This is only strongly recommended by the FERC prior to submitting an application .
A second difference is that once the application is received , the state ’s utilities commission is required to hold public hearings – the FERC may choose to do so but is under no legal requirement to do so ( NOTE : The FERC “ citizens guide ” appears to contradict the language of the EPAct itself in this regard , which says that the FERC “ shall ” afford all affected parties a “ reasonable opportunity to present their views and recommendations …. ”
I suspect a careful regulatory lawyer could tie up a FERC permit for a while using this contradiction . ) .
Finally , there is an appeals process within the states that goes to a theoretically neutral arbiter , the courts – the only choice of appeal under the EPAct is directly to the President of the United States , and since the President controls the FERC via the Department of Energy , the President is n’t exactly a neutral arbiter .
According to the EPAct , the FERC is permitted to issue permits under the following situations , described starting on page 355 of the EPAct :
The Commission may … issue one or more permits … if the Commission finds that –
( 1) ( A ) a State in which the transmission facilities are to be constructed or modified does not have authority to – ( i ) approve the siting of the facilities ; or ( ii ) consider the interstate benefits expected to be achieved by the proposed construction or modification of transmission facilities in the State ;
( B ) the applicant for a permit is a transmitting utility under this Act but does not qualify to apply for a permit or siting approval for the proposed project in a State because the applicant does not serve end - use customers in the State ; or
( C ) a State commission or other entity that has authority to approve the siting of the facilities has – ( i ) withheld approval for more than 1 year after the filing of an application seeking approval pursuant to applicable law or 1 year after the designation or the relevant national interest electric transmission corridor , whichever is later ; or ( ii ) conditioned its approval in such a manner that the proposed construction or modification will not significantly reduce transmission congestion in interstate commerce or is not economically feasible ;
( 2 ) the facilities to be authorized by the permit will be used for the transmission of electric energy in interstate commerce ;
(3 ) the proposed construction or modification is consistent with the public interest ;
( 4 ) the proposed construction or modification will significantly reduce transmission congestion in interstate commerce and protects or benefits consumers ;
( 5 ) the proposed construction or modification is consistent with sound national energy policy and will enhance energy independence ; and
( 6 ) the proposed modification will maximize , to the extent reasonable and economical , the transmission capabilities of existing towers or structures .
That ’s a lot to digest , so let ’s take it subparagraph by subparagraph .
The FERC may grant construction permits if a given state lacks the legal authority to approve siting of transmission lines or to consider the “ interstate benefits ” from building new or modifying existing transmission lines .
In other words , if the state government cannot require it ’s counties allow new transmission lines to be built due to state laws , the FERC now has the authority to force the issue .
The FERC can also grant construction permits if the utility is licensed to deliver electricity in one state but not in the state where the transmission line project would be located .
This could be an Arizona utility who wants to sell electricity to Los Angeles but is prevented from selling power to a California county that its transmission lines must run through .
Or , as representatives from the mid-Atlantic states have claimed , an Ohio utility could apply for permits to build transmission lines across West Virginia and Pennsylvania to sell electricity to Washington D.C. and Newark respectively .
In addition , the FERC can overrule state and local objections to permitting a project simply because the state utilities commission has rejected a project or has imposed expensive restrictions on the project .
The problem is that the FERC now has the authority to grant a construction permit even if the state PUC ’s reasons for rejecting a proposal are scientifically , economically , culturally , or technologically valid .
In addition , the EPAct says that the FERC itself decides whether restrictions impose sufficient burdens on the project such that it becomes “ not economically feasible . ”
This essentially has the FERC regulating itself , something that ’s never a good idea .
The FERC can also issue permits for transmission project that benefit “ interstate commerce , ” i.e. any project that crosses state lines .
Given that more and more electricity is being generated tens or hundreds of miles from where it ’s being used , this represents a significant number of potential permits .
But the FERC may also issue permits if the project “ protects of benefits consumers , ” “ is consistent with sound national energy policy , ” or “ enhance [s ] energy independence . ”
Who defines what protects or benefits me as a consumer ?
Does the consumer benefit more from cheap coal power generated two states away , or from expensive wind and solar generated one county over ?
Coal is economically cheaper , but the indirect benefits of clean ( er ) energy from reduced carbon emissions , lower pollution , and reduced health care costs are also a form of consumer benefit .
Given that the direct and indirect benefits of new transmission lines are difficult to quantify , this criteria is so broad that it grants blanket powers to the FERC .
The same is true of “ consistent with sound national energy policy ” and “ enhance [s ] energy independence , ” especially when it ’s the President and / or his appointees in the FERC who get to make these decisions .
Previous :
Construction Permitting in National Interest Electric Transmission Corridors
Next :
Rights - of - Way and Exercising Eminent Domain
The Way Out – Regional Transmission Siting Agencies ; Conclusions
COLUMBIA , South Carolina ( CNN ) -- Funnyman Stephen Colbert 's presidential campaign is apparently no joke .
The host of Comedy Central 's " The Colbert Report " will file papers late Wednesday or early Thursday to put his name on South Carolina 's Democratic primary ballot , a source familiar with the comedian 's strategy said .
Stephen Colbert , a South Carolina native , made two " campaign " stops in the Palmetto State last weekend .
The South Carolina native will not file papers as a Republican because the $ 35,000 required to get on the GOP ballot is apparently too high a threshold .
" They priced us out of range , " the source told CNN .
The South Carolina Democratic Party demands a candidate pay $ 2,500 or garner 3,000 signatures to get on the ballot .
Surrogates of " The Colbert Report " star will file the hand - signed papers at state party headquarters before the November 1 filing deadline .
The mock conservative pundit whose show regularly features real politicians and political commentators announced that he was running as both a Democrat and Republican on October 16 .
But whether Colbert 's name will show up on the ballot remains unclear .
The state party 's 26 - member executive council -- with representatives from each of South Carolina 's six congressional districts as well as state members of the Democratic National Committee -- will meet Thursday afternoon to decide which candidates meet the criteria to appear on the ballot .
To make the cut , a candidate must demonstrate two requirements : that he or she is viable nationally and has spent time campaigning in the state .
Colbert made a " campaign " stop on Sunday in Columbia to receive a key to the city from Mayor Bob Coble , attracting about 1,000 people , mostly University of South Carolina students .
But Colbert 's national viability is what 's at issue before the executive council .
" He does not appear to be campaigning to win if he is only running in one state , " said Carol Khare Fowler , chairwoman of the state Democratic Party and a member of the executive council .
Another council member , Charleston Democratic Party Chairman Waring Howe , was more blunt : " Over my dead body will Colbert 's name be on the ballot . "
Opponents such as Howe argue that Colbert makes a mockery of the political process .
They also note that for each candidate on the Democratic ballot , the state party must pay $ 20,000 to the state election commission , a consideration that could blunt Colbert 's chances .
Colbert 's supporters on the executive council said that the comedian will bring new , younger voters into the party fold and that he will use his candidacy to promote South Carolina nightly on national television .
" I think a lot of people think it 's a joke because it 's a comedy show and what not , but he 's a nice fellow , and if he gets on the ballot , he will come here to South Carolina and campaign across the state , " said Charles Hamby , the second vice chairman of the state Democratic Party .
" We know he wo n't be president .
He knows that .
But it will bring a lot of people into the party , " Hamby said .
On Sunday , Colbert had a private meeting with Joe Werner , executive director of the state Democratic Party , to discuss the implications of being on the ballot .
The source familiar with Colbert 's strategy said he will use his satirical candidacy to promote his home state , as he did during the recent speech in Columbia in which he extolled the virtues of Palmetto State peaches over Georgia's .
Colbert is asking supporters to donate $ 100,000 to South Carolina schools at the Web site donorschoose.org , which already has raised $ 40,000 .
E-mail to a friend
All About Stephen Colbert • South Carolina
Several years ago , Satoshi Kanazawa , then a psychologist at the University of Canterbury in Christchurch , New Zealand , analyzed a biographical database of 280 great scientists –mathematicians , physicists , chemists , and biologists .
When he calculated the age of each scientist at the peak of his career –the sample was predominantly male –Kanazawa noted an interesting trend .
After a crest during the third decade of life , scientific productivity –as evidenced by major discoveries and publications –fell off dramatically with age .
When he looked at the marital history of the sample , he found that the decline in productivity was less severe among men who had never been married .
As a group , unmarried scientists continued to achieve well into their late 50s , and their rates of decline were slower .
“ The productivity of male scientists tends to drop right after marriage , ” says Kanazawa in an e-mail interview from his current office at the London School of Economics and Political Science in the United Kingdom .
“ Scientists tend to ‘ desist ’ from scientific research upon marriage , just like criminals desist from crime upon marriage . ”
Kanazawa ’s perhaps controversial perspective is that of an evolutionary psychologist .
“ Men conduct scientific research ( or do anything else ) in order to attract women and get married ( albeit unconsciously ) , ” he says .
“ What ’s the point of doing science ( or anything else ) if one is already married ?
Marriage ( or , more accurately reproductive success , which men can usually attain only through marriage ) is the goal ; science or anything else men do is but a means .
From my perspective , scientists are no different than anybody else ; evolutionary psychology applies to all humans equally , ” he adds .
The Marriage Toll on Women
Marriage has also been shown to have an adverse impact on the careers of female scientists .
Data from the National Science Foundation show that female , doctoral - level scientists , and engineers are less likely to be married than are their male counterparts ( 66 % versus 83 % ) .
Among those married , however , women are more likely to confront problems accommodating a two - career marriage–one reason being that they are twice as likely as men to have a spouse who works full - time .
Add children to the mix , and the problem is compounded .
Research by Kimberlee Shauman , an assistant professor of sociology at the University of California , Davis , found that time off for birth and child rearing poses a significant , often irreversible , impediment to a woman ’s career .
Marriages That Enhance Careers
Is marriage truly and inevitably a scourge for male and female scientists ?
Or can it help advance scientific careers ?
To hear some real - world viewpoints on the impact of marriage on a science career , I raised the issue on the ScienceCareers Forum .
Several forum contributors saw marriage as a source of emotional and financial stability rather than a dangerous undertow .
David , a molecular biologist , met his wife while both were in graduate school .
Now married for 6 years , David “ would n’t change anything .
I cannot even imagine trying to get through all that I ( we ) have without her as a partner . ”
“ Having a working spouse in graduate school or as a postdoc can be a tremendous advantage since you ’re no longer trying to make do on the single , low - level salary , ” says Rich , an engineer .
“ In my case , it ’s also helped that I ’ve been very good at making sure my career is part of my life–and not the other way around . ”
“ I ’m a final year Ph.D. student , ” says another .
“ We both are in medical research , and she ’s got a master ’s degree and believe me , it helps to be married .
We both do n’t have enough money , but there ’s a lot of happiness as each day is exciting , a great future to think about . ”
Kristen married her closest colleague 6 months before completing her dissertation and is satisfied with what she calls her “ in-lab ” and “ at - home ” collaboration .
“ One major advantage is that we are both scientists , in a similar field of research , and we understand the drive and passion that is part of the profession .
Having someone who understands you and supports you wholeheartedly is a great asset through grad school , the postdoc years , and beyond . ”
Last month , when I attended a writers ’ conference in New York , one of the speakers was Sreenath Sreenivasan , an assistant professor and dean of students at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism .
A scene he described from his marriage evoked a vivid image in my mind .
He was sitting against his pillow in bed with his laptop in hand .
His busy , multitasking wife ( a management consultant and mother of twin toddlers ) was also working on a laptop , seated right beside him .
The two were tending electronically to their demanding jobs , but they were also instant messaging each other , obviously on the same emotional “ bandwidth ” in their devotion to both career and marriage .
Marriages That Fall Apart
Some marriages are n’t strong enough to withstand the strains of a scientific career .
“ I was always hoping it would get better–after graduation , after the postdoc , after tenure , ” says Chris , a second - year postdoc in Canada .
“ Unfortunately , nothing improved .
If anything , it got worse ( more committees , more conferences , more papers , more students , more grants , more reviews , and more frustration ) .
I would say if you are the scientist , yes , get married .
If you are the scientist ’s partner , think long and hard if you can live with that in your relationship , ” he says .
Rewton , a tenured associate professor with a 9 - year - old child , could n’t agree more about the personal challenges posed by a scientific career .
“ The balance of work and home life has always been an issue in our marriage .
There is a certain scientific culture that is difficult to relate to for a non-scientist , ” he says .
“ It was a more serious issue earlier in my career when I was jockeying for faculty jobs , etc. , but it is still an issue . ”
“ I was married to a fellow scientist , but the relationship deteriorated after I got a faculty position ( and he did n’t ) .
My new job forced us into a long - distance marriage ( 300 miles ) which did n’t survive , ” says Elizabeth .
Nasif , the principal in a Mexico - based organization called Biology Cabinet , recounts that over 30 years of marriage , his wife was jealous of the time he devoted to his career .
As his work continued to increase , she became bitter and finally left .
He does n’t blame her .
“ What bothers our wives is neglect .
Buy her a rose bouquet each week , when you purchase scientific supplies for yourself like a book , a microscope , a Petri dish , etc . ”
Marriages That Never Happen
Many scientists complain that the very nature of a science career limits opportunities to find a partner .
“ Much of science is disproportionately male , ” says Chad , an engineering trainee .
“ There were weeks during graduate school where I literally did not speak to a female .
I also remember attending parties of 50 people or more , yet you could count the women on one hand ; all of whom were taken . ”
“ The moving - around issue is a huge problem , ” he adds .
“ Even if I found my dream girl , which is unlikely given the intense workload , why would she be interested ?
Fewer things are a bigger downer than telling a date that you ’ll be moving to a distant place in the near future . ”
“ To be honest , I was one of those people who put everything on hold through my scientific career , ” says Os .
“ However , I would n’t suggest others do this because meeting people and starting relationships just gets harder . ”
“ It ’s like Noah ’s Ark , and you ’ve missed the great pairing up , ” says Kelly .
According to a recent article in the German newspaper Die Zeit , it ’s not only finding a partner but also starting a family that is made more difficult by a scientific career .
The article reported on a study of scientists ranging from doctoral students to assistant professors .
It found that a whopping 73 % of 37 - to 42 - year - olds had no children .
Explaining the phenomenon , the article noted that it is so difficult for scientists to find a permanent position in Germany that those below the age of 40 are often forced to take short - term employment without any financial or residential stability .
Making It Work
Unfortunately , the academic climate often exacerbates the problems inherent in scientist marriages .
“ The situation of young families can be especially problematic given the long road ( from undergraduate to graduate to postdoc to junior scientist ) that certainly extends through a woman ’s fertile years , ” says a postdoc , who is also a parent of a young child .
“ The Whitehead Institute , Caltech , and Stanford have made steps in the right direction , but the current training environment is not ‘ family - friendly ’ , ” he adds .
This postdoc then rattles off his wish list : more liberal leave programs that allow graduate students and postdocs time off ; small grants to hire technical or institutional support staff to help manage experiments when a sick baby has to be picked up from daycare ; assistance in defraying the costs of childcare ; loan assistance for postdocs ; options for part - time work ; and comprehensive administrative , financial , and legal assistance .
Other trainees note that juggling science and marriage often requires sacrifice as well as flexibility : giving up a job opportunity to allow a partner to remain in his or her lab , missing a family event to keynote a conference , or being late for work because of taking care of a sick child , for instance .
“ In a perfect world , you could have it all , never sacrificing anything for either marriage or career , ” says Liz .
“ The world is n’t perfect .
Is it worth it ?
Every minute . ”
“ Sacrifice is a two - way street .
Sometimes you sacrifice time in the lab to spend with a girlfriend or a wife , … but I can tell you it ’s well worth it .
In the end , when your friends get married and have their own families , your parents pass away , and families move apart and you grow older , your gel box is n’t going to be there for you on the holidays and those moments when you need someone for support , ” says Bob .
“ Really , what ’s the point of discovering the greatest thing in the world if you have no one to tell it to when you come home ? ”
Source - Scientists Discover That Scientists Should n’t Marry
Category : Uncategorized
Tim Russert : Senator Dodd , you went on the Bill Maher show last month and said that you were for decriminalizing marijuana .
Is there anyone here who disagrees with Senator Dodd in decriminalizing marijuana ? [ MSNBC ]
Russert : Senator Edwards , why ?
Edwards :
Because I think it sends the wrong signal to young people .
And I think the president of the United States has a responsibility to ensure that we 're sending the right signals to young people .
Senator / Governor / Congressman _______ ,
Over 800,000 Americans were arrested for marijuana this year .
Some went to jail .
Others lost their jobs , lost custody of their children , lost their driver 's licenses , lost public housing , lost financial aid for college , the list goes on .
Many people think these punishments are more damaging than the drug itself .
What do you think the punishment should be for someone who uses marijuana ?
Critics of marijuana policy reform are fond of dismissing the idea as a liberal fantasy .
Unfortunately , last night 's Democratic Presidential Debate revealed that the party 's so - called leaders would still rather play politics than stand up for the 800,000 +
Americans that are needlessly arrested each year for the world 's pettiest crime : Clinton , Obama , Richardson , Biden , and Edwards all raised their hands .
Only Dennis Kucinich stood with Senator Dodd on this important question .
John Edwards was quick on the draw , pulling out the oldest pro-drug war line in the book : Ladies and gentlemen , welcome once again to the brain - dead world of mainstream drug war politics .
It is a peculiar place where we ruin real lives in order to send fake messages .
It is a vacant echo chamber in which those speaking the truth are singled out for ridicule , attention seekers spew tiresome incoherencies , and the rest cower embarrassed behind their podiums praying never again to be asked such a horrible thing .
Shameful and cowardly as their responses may be , the democratic front - runners were clearly sidelined by Russert 's cheap hackery .
Drug policy is so much more than a yes or no question , and this drive - by shooting approach to the marijuana debate trivializes the issue and obscures any diversity of opinion .
I am saddened , but not at all surprised , that this question provoked this response when asked this way .
If we 've learned anything from the brutal war that 's been waged in our names for far too long , it is that many of our leaders would sooner allow it to continue for decades than speak one word of the truth that stands naked before us all .
With that in mind , I 'm asking all of you to do something .
Find out when the candidates are speaking in your area and attend the events .
Bring friends .
Bring a video camera .
Dress well and arrive early .
Sit where you can be seen and raise your hand high just a moment before they open the floor to questions .
Ask whatever you like .
Maybe something like this :
It is one thing to say you do n't support marijuana decrim .
It is quite another to describe how specifically you would go about destroying the lives of the millions of Americans who enjoy marijuana .
Let 's find out where they really stand on this issue .
( This blog post was published by StoptheDrugWar.org 's lobbying arm , the Drug Reform Coordination Network , which also shares the cost of maintaining this web site .
DRCNet Foundation takes no positions on candidates for public office , in compliance with section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Internal Revenue Code , and does not pay for reporting that could be interpreted or misinterpreted as doing so . )
The " George " Test
In the summer of 1950 , while scientists at Los Alamos were feverishly working on calculations to see if the classical super , the initial design for the hydrogen bomb would work , the weapons laboratory was also preparing for a new series of nuclear tests in the Pacific .
Among the devices they were going to detonate was one that would involve thermonuclear reactions ( i.e. the fusion of deuterium ) and tritium atoms .
The test of the device came to be called " George " .
" George " was not a design for a hydrogen bomb .
But at a time when Los Alamos was totally stymied about how to build such a weapon , " George " was an experiment that would allow scientists to observe a thermonuclear reaction , while showing politicians in Washington that they were making some headway .
The design was similar to ideas for a hydrogen bomb that atomic spy Klaus Fuchs had patented with mathematician John von Neumann in 1946 .
It placed an atomic bomb inside a heavy shell , close to a capsule of hydrogen fuel .
At the moment of detonation -- in the fraction of a second before the whole assembly blew itself apart - the shell would confine the radiation from the atomic blast long enough to heat and compress the hydrogen fuel , setting off a fusion reaction .
Because " George " used such a large atomic bomb and such a small amount of hydrogen fuel everyone was pretty sure it would work .
One scientist compared the design to using a blast furnace to light a match .
Ironically , while the preparations for " George " were underway , mathematician Stanislaw Ulam came up with a breakthrough for an actual hydrogen bomb design .
He realized that rather than relying on heat , as the design for the classical super did , to initiate a thermonuclear reaction , the enormous flux of neutrons emitted during the explosion of an atomic bomb could be used to compress the deuterium and tritium causing a fusion reaction .
He suggested putting the atomic bomb and hydrogen fuel in a shell which would reflect the neutrons .
He also suggested surrounding the hydrogen fuel with material that would effectively magnify the energy of the neutrons .
Since Teller had been working on " George , " which used radiation to compress the hydrogen fuel , he realized that the radiation emitted by the atomic bomb would actually work far more effectively in imploding the deuterium tritium mixture .
Together Teller and Ulam published their ideas in a report that was released on March 9 , 1951 .
It was their design that led to the creation of the U.S. hydrogen bomb .
The Ulam - Teller breakthrough put the " George " test in a completely new light ; it now promised to provide information on radiation implosion .
The test took place on May 9 on Eniwetok Atoll in the Marshall Islands of the Pacific .
Teller was there to witness it .
" We felt the heat of the blast on our faces , " he recalled , " but we still did not know if the experiment had been a success .
We did not know whether the heavy hydrogen had been ignited . "
That afternoon as they waited to hear whether or not the experiment had worked , Teller bet another scientist five dollars that the experiment had been a failure .
He lost the bet .
Analysis of the explosion showed that the deuterium and tritium , which weighed less than an ounce had yielded the equivalent of about 25 kilotons of TNT , more than twice the force of the Hiroshima bomb .
" Mike " Test
On November 1 , 1952 the United States detonated a hydrogen device in the Pacific that vaporized an entire island , leaving behind a crater more than a mile wide .
The test , code - named " Mike " was the first successful implementation of the concept for a superbomb that physicist Edward Teller and mathematician Stanislaw Ulam had outlined in a report a year and a half earlier .
A team of scientists assigned the task of turning the Ulam - Teller concept into an experimental device , met for the first time in October 1951 .
They achieved the designated goal , one that required a tremendous engineering effort , in little more than a year .
The design process was complicated by the sort of hydrogen fuel the team decided to use .
One option would have been lithium deuteride , which has the advantage of being a solid at room temperature .
But the scientists had limited information on how well it would work .
They chose instead to use liquid deuterium , which needed to be kept below it 's boiling point of - 417.37 fahrenheit .
That meant the device would require a very complex insulation and cooling system .
" Mike " was also incredibly large .
In 1952 , the smallest atomic bomb with enough explosive force to set off a fusion reaction , was almost four feet in diameter .
The actual casing for the " Mike " gadget would end up being 20 feet long .
According to one of the scientists who worked on the project , a full - scale drawing of the device became essential for everyone on the team to communicate effectively with each other .
The drawing was so big , that a balcony had to be built from which to view it .
As the date for the test approached , a number of prominent scientists not involved with the project pushed to have it postponed .
The reasons they gave were political .
" Mike " was scheduled to be detonated just three days before a general election .
Many scientists felt that it was wrong to burden a new president with the responsibility for a nuclear test that he had not authorized .
They also argued that by testing " Mike " the U.S. would effectively eliminate any opportunity it had for reaching an agreement with the Soviet Union for a moratorium on thermonuclear weapons .
But after listening to the arguments , President Truman decided to proceed as planned .
The test was to take place on Eniwetok Atoll , which is in the Marshall Islands about 3,000 miles west of Hawaii .
It was an enormous operation .
Staging began in March and by October more than 11,000 civilians and military personnel were in the vicinity of Eniwetok working on the project .
A six - story cab was built on the island of Elugelab to house " Mike . "
And a two - mile long tunnel that extended from the device to another island was filled with helium balloons that would provide data on the progress of the fusion reaction .
" Mike " was detonated remotely from the control ship Estes , which was stationed 30 miles away from ground zero .
Even those who had witnessed atomic tests were stunned by the blast .
Within 90 seconds the fire ball had reached 57,000 feet .
The cloud , when it had reached its furthest extent , was about 100 miles wide .
The explosion wiped Elugelab off the face of the planet , and destroyed life on the surrounding islands .
In their report , the survey team that went to Engebi three miles from ground zero wrote , " The body of a bird was seen , but no living animals and only the stumps of vegetation .
Among the specimens collected were fish which seemed to have been burned .
On each of these fish , the skin was missing from one side , as if , the field notes said at the time , the animal ' had been dropped in [ to ] a hot pan . ' "
Physicist Herbert
York summed up the implications of the first test of a thermonuclear device : " the world suddenly shifted from the path it had been on to a more dangerous one .
Fission bombs , destructive as they might have been , were thought of [ as ] being limited in power .
Now , it seemed we had learned how to brush even these limits aside and to build bombs whose power was boundless . "
The " Bravo " Test
On March 1 , 1954 the United States tested an H - bomb design on Bikini Atoll that unexpectedly turned out to be the largest U.S. nuclear test ever exploded .
By missing an important fusion reaction , the Los Alamos scientists had grossly underestimated the size of the explosion .
They thought it would yield the equivalent of 5 million tons of TNT , but , in fact , " Bravo " yielded 15 megatons -- making it more than a thousand times bigger than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima .
The blast gouged a crater about a mile wide in the reef .
Within seconds the fireball was nearly three miles in diameter .
The illumination from the blast was visible for almost one minute on Rongerik , an island 135 miles east of the burst .
It trapped personnel in experiment bunkers and engulfed the 7,500 foot diagnostic pipe array .
Physicist Marshall Rosenbluth was on a ship about 30 miles away .
He remembers that the fireball , " just kept rising and rising , and spreading ...
It looked to me like what you might imagine a diseased brain , or a brain of some mad man would look like on the surface ...
And the air started getting filled with this gray stuff , which I guess was somewhat radioactive coral . "
An hour - and - a - half later a similar gritty , snow - like substance began raining down on a Japanese fishing vessel called the Lucky Dragon that was about 80 miles east of Bikini .
The 23 fishermen aboard had no idea the ash was fallout from a hydrogen bomb test .
When they returned to port two weeks later they were all suffering severe radiation sickness .
The radio operator later died .
One Tokyo newspaper headline demanded that the U.S. authorities " Tell us the truth about the ashes of death . "
Marshall Islanders were also exposed to the fallout .
One islander on Rongelap about 100 miles east of Bikini remembers hearing , " a loud explosion and within minutes the ground began to shake .
A few hours later the radioactive fallout began to drop on the people , into the drinking water , and on the food .
The children played in the colorful ash - like powder .
They did not know what it was . "
On Rongerik ( about 135 miles east of Bikini ) , 28 U.S. service personnel operating a weather station grew alarmed when the meter reading on their fallout monitoring equipment went off the scale .
They radioed the communications center and took cover inside a tightly closed building .
The service personnel were evacuated within 34 hours .
The Marshall Islanders , who had been closer to the blast , were n't rescued for another day , by which time many of them had severe burns and were beginning to lose their hair .
In a press conference , shortly after the blast , Atomic Energy Commissioner Lewis Strauss claimed that , " meteorologists had predicted a wind condition which should have carried the fallout to the north of a group of small atolls lying to the east of Bikini ...
The wind failed to follow the predictions but shifted south of that line and the little islands of Rongelap , Rongerik and Utirik were in the edge of the path of the fallout . "
But in fact a weather report just seven hours before the shot predicted " less favorable winds at 10,000 - 25,000 foot levels " with winds at 20,000 feet " headed for Rongelap to the east . "
In 1955 , the United States paid two million dollars as restitution for damage to the Lucky Dragon , its 23 crew members and its cargo .
And in 1988 , the Marshall Islands Nuclear Claims Tribunal was established to grant compensation to Marshall Islanders for personal injury deemed to have been caused by nuclear testing .
As of December 31 , 1997 , $ 63,127,000 had been awarded to or on behalf of 1,549 people .
With more personal injury claims and several class action suits for property damage still pending , the Tribunal claims that the original terms of the settlement with the Marshall Islanders are grossly inadequate .
Who needs to pirate books with a list like this ?
Options Rating
by Rob Kall OpEdNews .Com
It 's so easy to line up mindlessly behind the president , to follow orders and feel like you are doing your duty .
It must be .
There are millions who are taking that route .
But I wonder where the true patriotic conservatives are .
Where are the true conservatives who value an honest America , a country where leaders tell the truth to the people .
We are now being led by chronically lying fundamentalist , recovering alcoholic , drug abuser with grandiose religious delusions who is advised by liars who believe that lying is good for the country .
These advisors are not patriots .
They are taking care of themselves and their special interests .
They are setting up the US for the biggest fall it has ever taken .
Already , they 've led us to a futile war in Afghanistan that did nothing but stir up and disperse the nest of Al Qaeda hornets to spread and hide throughout the world , inspiring thousands of new recruits .
The lies about WMD got us into Iraq , and now , Bush can hand out oil leases to his friends and set up long term military bases in the middle east .
But it is looking more an more like we have ourselves our own cross between Vietnam and Lebanon .
These are failed plans , in terms of US interests .
We can expect to see our economy to continue to tank .
This will hit us even harder locally , as states are forced to come up with local funds for anti-terrorism alerts and related expenses , and , as federal funding for all sorts of things like medicare and medicaid dry up .
We are losing our buying power overseas .
In the short run , we 'll probably see our economic partners absorb the 15 - 20 % drop in the value of the dollar .
But eventually , they 're going to have to charge for the exchange costs .
Those cheap Chinese clothes and sneakers , made by prison laborers , will rise in price .
This is all the result of the Bush regime 's destruction of our economy .
And it 's not just happening inside the US , or through the exchange rate .
The thing is , as the world 's greatest economic power , the US could afford , in some ways , to let some things fall while becoming a player in the WTO .
But that 's all changing .
We may be the world 's biggest economy , but we are becoming the world 's biggest loser state , financially .
So let 's look at how the WTO , the World Bank ( WB ) and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) handles countries that lose , lose lose until their debt is so high they are drowning in it .
The WTO , WB , and IMF will always go to the rescue .
But that rescue comes at a high price .
The country being rescued must give up its resources .
Privatization is the magic word .
Sell the oil rights to a mega - corporation like Exxon or BP or Mobil .
Privatize water , so people have to pay four times as much as when it was publicly held .
Privatize the banks , the healthcare system , schools , the roads , the forests .
If they could , they 'd privatize the air .
These three organizations are the RAPISTS of the world , of humanity .
And after the Bush regime 's economic voodoo does its dirty work for another year or two , the US will be ripe and easy pickings for them .
Already , BushCo has been doing the same thing to the US , privatizing wherever possible , handing out deals to the new Enrons of the planet -- corporations that put money and profits over humanity .
Where are the patriots among the republicans in the congress who can see that support for Bush is not support for the US ?
Senators Snow and Voinovich stood up to the Bush steamroller and they were viciously attacked .
It 's no wonder that it 's not easy to find republicans standing up to Bush 's abuses .
But if ever there was a time when the US needed true patriots , it 's now .
People who are singing the Bush " rape America " song are the real traitors -- like the vichy French who went along with the Nazi invasion .
The next time you face or are in contact with a Bush lover , envision a nazi lover , a person who would sell out the US for a tax discount ( if he 's a millionaire . )
IF he's not a millionaire , then he 's a fool , hoodwinked , hypnotized , mob psychologized to stand and watch as the KKK crosses are burned on our constitution 's greenest lawns .
Writing always presupposes the selection of a psychological attitude , a rapport with the world , a tone of voice , a homogeneous set of linguistic tools , the data of experience and the phantoms of the imagination — in a word , a style .
The author is an author insofar as he enters into a role the way an actor does and identifies himself with that projection of himself at the moment of writing .
Mark Amerika has been the Publisher of Alt - X since it first went online in 1993 .
He is the producer of the Net - Art Trilogy , Grammatron .
His books include META / DATA : A Digital Poetics and In Memoriam to Postmodernism : Essays on the Avant - Pop ( coedited with Lance Olsen ) .
He teaches at the University of Colorado in Boulder .
Mark Dery is the author of The Pyrotechnic Insanitarium : American Culture on the Brink and Escape Velocity : Cyberculture at the End of the Century .
His 1993 essay " Culture Jamming : Hacking , Slashing , and Sniping in the Empire of the Signs " popularized the term " culture jamming " and helped launch the movement .
He teaches media criticism and literary journalism in the Department of Journalism at NYU and blogs at markdery.com
Paul Krassner was Publisher / Editor of the legendary satire magazine , The Realist .
He started the classic satirical publication The Realist , founded the Yippies with Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin and has written billions and billions of books including his most recent : One Hand Jerking : Reports from an Investigative Satirist .
Krassner posts regularly at paulkrassner.com
Adam Parfrey is Publisher with Feral House and Process Media , and author of the classic Apocalypse Culture , among many other books .
Clay Shirky consults on the rise of decentralized technologies for Nokia , the Library of Congress , and the BBC .
He 's an adjunct professor in NYU 's graduate Interactive Telecommunications Program ( ITP ) , where he teaches a course in " Social Weather , " examining ways of understanding group dynamics in online spaces .
His writing has appeared in Business 2.0 , New York Times , the Wall Street Journal , and Wired , among other publications .
John Shirley was the original cyberpunk SF writer , but he also writes in other genres including horror .
He wrote the original script for The Crow and has written for television including Deep Space Nine , Max Headroom , and Poltergeist : The Legacy .
His books include the Eclipse Trilogy , Wetbones , The Other End and his latest — a short story collection Living Shadows : Stories : New & Preowned .
He writes lyrics for Blue Oyster Cult .
Shirley 's own online indulgence is his site Signs of Witness .
Michael Simmons edited the National Lampoon in the ‘ 80s .
He has written for LA Weekly , LA Times , Rolling Stone , High Times , and The Progressive .
Currently , he blogs for Huffington Post and he and Tyler Hubby are shooting a documentary on the Yippies
Edward Champion 's work has appeared in The LA Times , Chicago Sun-Times , and Newsday , as well as more disreputable publications .
His Bat Segundo podcast — which you can find at his website at edrants.com — has featured interviews with the likes of T.C. Boyle , Brett Easton Elllis , Octavio Butler , John Updike , Richard Dawkins , Amy Sedaris , David Lynch , Martin Amis , and William Gibson .
became obsolete in the 19th century .
The bottleneck was publishing .
" That bold statement came from Clay Shirky when I interviewed him for the NeoFiles webzine back in 2002 .
I never got around to asking him if that was an aesthetic judgment or a statement about economics and social relations .
But here 's a contrasting viewpoint .
Novelist William Burroughs met playwright Samuel Beckett , and after some small talk , Beckett looked directly at Burroughs and said , propitiously , " You 're a writer . "
Burroughs instantly understood that Beckett was welcoming him into a very tiny and exclusive club — that there are only a few writers alive at any one time in human history .
Beckett was saying that Burroughs was one of them .
Everybody writes .
Not everybody is a writer .
Or at least , that 's what some of us think ... Now the web — and its democratizing impact — has spread for over a decade .
Over a billion people can deliver their text to a very broad public .
It 's a fantastic thing which gives a global voice to dissidents in various regions , makes people less lonely by connecting other people with similar interests and problems , ad infinitum .
But what does it mean for writers and writing ?
What does it mean for those who specialize in writing well ?
I 've asked ten professional writers , including Mr. Shirky , to assess the net 's impact on writers .
Here are their answers to the question ... The short answer is yes , but as I suggest in my new book , META / DATA , we probably need to expand the concept of writing to take into account new forms of online communication as well as emerging styles of digital rhetoric .
This means that the educational approach to writing is also becoming more complex , because it 's not just one ( alphabetically oriented ) literacy that informs successful written communication but a few others as well , most notably visual design literacy and computer / networking literacy .
As always , RU , you were ahead of the game — think how easy it is to text your name !
It helps to know how to write across all media platforms .
Not only that , but to become various role - playing personas whose writerly performance plays out in various multi-media languages across these same platforms .
The most successful writer - personas now and into the future — at least those interested in " making a living " as you put it — will be those who can take on varying flux personas via the act of writing .
( And who is n't into making a living ...
What 's the opposite ?
Conducting a death ritual for the consumer zombies lost in the greenwash imaginary ? )
Think of this gem from Italo Calvino .
The key is to keep writing , imaginatively .
As Ron Sukenick once said : " Use your imagination or else someone else will use it for you . "
What better way to use it than via writing , and the internet is the space where writing is teleported to your distributed audience in waiting , no ?
In the face of this complex , hydra - headed query I 'll simply offer the evidence and narrow perspective of one writer in a moderately grumpy mood : me .
I began my career as a freelance writer in 1989 , and by the mid-90s was a modestly successful and up - and - coming character who wrote about a wide number of topics for a variety of print publications , both esoteric ( Gnosis , Fringeware Review ) and slick ( Details , Spin ) .
I got paid pretty good for a youngster — generally much better than I get paid now , when my career sometimes looks more and more like a hobby , but also less driven by external measures of what a “ successful ” writing career looks like .
I can not blame my shrinking income entirely on the internet .
My own career choices have been largely to write about what I want to write about , and my interests are not exactly mainstream .
The early to mid-1990s was a very special time in American culture , a strange and giddy Renaissance where esoteric topics freely mixed and matched in a highly sampledelic culture .
So I was able to write about outsider matters in a reasonably mainstream context .
My first book , Techgnosis , which was about mystic and countercultural currents within media and technological culture , fetched a pretty nice advance .
But once the internet bubble really started to swell , leading to the pop and then 9/11 , that era passed into a more conservative , celebrity - driven , and niche - oriented culture , a development that relates to the rise of the internet but cannot be laid at its feet .
Many of the changes in the book industry and print publications are more obviously related to the rise of the internet .
One of the worst developments for me has been the increasing brevity of print pieces , something I do blame largely on the fast - moving , novelty - driven blip culture of the internet and the blogosphere .
When I started writing for music magazines , I wrote 2000 - plus - word articles about ( then ) relatively obscure bands like Sonic Youth and Dinosaur Jr. Now I write 125 - word reviews for Blender .
I do n't even try to play the game of penning celebrity - driven profiles in mainstream music mags anymore , where feature lengths have shrunk all around and the topics seem more driven by the publicists .
Shrinking space has definitely worked against my job satisfaction .
I 'm basically an essayist , though I often disguise myself as a critic or a journalist .
Either way , it means that I am a long writer guy .
I like to develop topics , approach them from different , often contradictory angles , and most of all , I like to polish the shit out of them so that the flow and the prose shine and bedazzle .
On and offline , I find the internet - driven pressure to make pieces short , data - dense , and crisply opinionated — as opposed to thoughtful , multi-perspectival , and lyrical — rather oppressive , leading to a certain kind of superficial smugness as well as general submission to the forces of reference over reflection .
I do enjoy writing 125 - word record reviews though !
I also like to read and try to produce really good prose — prose that infuses nonfiction , whether criticism or journalism or essay , with an almost poetic and emotional sensibility that ideally reflects in style and form the content that one is expressing .
But nonfiction discourse online is almost entirely driven by Content — which includes not only news and information , but also opinion , that dread and terrible habit that is kinda like canned thought .
People have reactions , and yet feel a need to justify them , and so reach for a can of opinion , pop the lid , and spread it all over the bulletin board or the blog .
I 'm really sick of opinions and of most of what passes for online debate .
Even the more artful rhetorical elements of argument and debate are rarely seen amidst the food fights , the generic argumentative “ moves , ” the poor syntax , and the often lame attempts to bring a “ fresh take ” to a topic .
This is not an encouraging environment from which to speak from the heart or the soul or whatever it is that makes living , breathing prose an actual source of sustenance and spiritual strength .
But it 's all about adaptation , right ?
Though I 'm still committed to books , I now write more online than off .
I 've been enjoying myself , although my definition of “ making a living ” has continued to sink ever farther from anything halfway reasonable .
I 've enjoyed writing for online pay publications like Slate and Salon , but the rates are depressing .
As for my own writing at my Techgnosis.com , I 'm still struggling to develop traffic in an environment that rewards precisely the kind of writing I do n't really do .
Some people really love the stuff I write there , but I take a lot of time on my posts and generally do n't offer the sort of sharp opinions and super - fresh news and unseen links that tend to draw eyeballs .
At the same time , it 's been enormously satisfying to find my own way into this vast and open form , and to elude the generic grooves of the blog form and really shape it into a medium for the kind of writing I want to do .
( Do n't get me wrong — some of my favorite writing and thinking anywhere appears online ; BLDGBLOG is just the first that springs to mind . )
It 's been delicious to explore possibilities in nonfiction writing that all but the most obscure and arty print publications would reject , and to do so in a medium that is bursting with possible readers .
I 'm not into “ private ” writing ; I write for and with readers in mind , and I think its great how the web allows linkages and alliances with like minds and crews ( like 10 Zen Monkeys , or Reality Sandwich , or Boing Boing ) .
And I know that readers who resonate with my stuff now stumble across it along myriad paths .
At the same time , I find it tough to keep at bay the online inclinations that in many ways I find corrosive to the type of writing I do — the desire to increase traffic , to post relentlessly , to write shorter and snappier , to obsessively check stats , to plug into the often tedious and ill - thought “ debates ” that will increase traffic but that too often fall far short of actually thinking about anything .
I 've met amazing like minds online , and participated in some stellar debates , but frankly that was years ago .
Today things seem to be growing rather claustrophobic and increasingly cybernetic .
For example , I chose to not have a comments section on Techgnosis.com , because I did n't want to deal with spam .
Plus I find most comments sections boring and / or tendentious and / or tough to read for one still invested in proper grammar .
I figure that folks who wanted to respond can just send me emails , which they do , and which I have long made it a rule to answer .
I 'm pleased with my choice , though I also feel the absence of the sort of quick feedback loops of attention that satisfy the desire to make an impact on readers , and that , in an attention economy , have increasingly become the coin of the realm .
But that coin — which is certainly not the same thing as actually being read — is a little thin .
Especially without some of the old coin in your pocket to back it up .
Who , exactly , is making a living shoveling prose online ?
Glenn " Instapundit " Reynolds ?
Jason Kottke ?
Josh Marshall ?
To the best of my knowledge , only a vanishingly tiny number of bloggers are able to eke out an existence through their blogging , much less turn a healthy profit .
For now , visions of getting rich through self - publishing look a lot like envelope - stuffing for the cognitive elite — or at least for insomniacs with enough time and bandwidth to run their legs to stumps in their electronic hamster wheels , posting and answering comments 24 / 7 .
As a venerable hack toiling in the fields of academe , I love the idea of being King of All Media without even wearing pants , which is why I hope that some new - media wonk like Jason Calacanis or Jeff Jarvis finds the Holy Grail of self - winding journalism — i.e. , figuring out how to make online writing self - supporting .
Meanwhile , the sour smell of fear is in the air .
Reporting — especially investigative reporting , the lifeblood of a truly adversarial press — is labor - intensive , money - sucking stuff , yet even The New York Times can't figure out how to charge for its content in the Age of Rip , Burn , and Remix .
To be sure , newspapers are hemorrhaging readers to the Web , and fewer and fewer Americans care about current events and the world outside their own skulls .
But the other part of the problem is that Generation Download thinks information wants to be free , everywhere and always , even if some ink - stained wretch wept tears of blood to create it .
Lawrence Lessig talks a good game , but I still do n't understand how people who live and die by their intellectual property survive the obsolescence of copyright and the transition to the gift economy of our dreams .
I mean , even John Perry Barlow , bearded evangelist of the coming netopia , seems to have taken shelter in the academy .
Yes , we live in the golden age of achingly hip little ' zines like Cabinet and The Believer and Meatpaper , and I rejoice in that fact , but most of them pay hen corn , if they pay at all .
As someone who once survived ( albeit barely ) as a freelancer , I can say with some authority that the freelance writer is going the way of the Quagga .
Well , at least one species of freelance writer : the public intellectual who writes for a well - educated , culturally literate reader whose historical memory does n't begin with Dawson 's Landing .
A professor friend of mine , well - known for his / her incisive cultural criticism , just landed a column for PopMatters.com .
Now , a column is yeoman 's work and it does n't pay squat .
But s/he was happy to get the gig because she wanted to burnish her brand , presumably , and besides , as she noted , " Who does , these days ? "
( Pay , that is . )
The Village Voice 's Voice Literary Supplement used to offer the Smartest Kids in the World a forum for long , shaggy screeds ; now , newspapers across the country are shuttering their book review sections and the Voice is about the length ( and depth ) of your average Jack Chick tract and shedding pages by the minute .
So those are the grim , pecuniary effects of the net on writers and writing .
As for its literary fallout , print editors are being stampeded , goggle - eyed , toward a form of writing that presumes what used to be called , cornily enough , a " screenage " paradigm : short bursts of prose — the shorter the better , to accommodate as much eye candy as possible .
Rupert Murdoch just took over The Wall Street Journal , and is already remaking that august journal for blip culture : article lengths are shrinking .
Shrewdly , magazines like The New Yorker understand that print fetishists want their print printy — McLuhan would have said Gutenbergian — so they 're erring on the side of length , and Dave Eggers and the Cabinet people are emphasizing what print does best : exquisite paper stocks , images so luxuriously reproduced you could lower yourself into them , like a hot bath .
Also , information overload and time famine encourage a sort of flat , depthless style , indebted to online blurblets , that 's spreading like kudzu across the landscape of American prose .
( The English , by contrast , preserve a smarter , more literary voice online , rich in character ; not for nothing are Andrew Sullivan and Christopher Hitchens two of the web 's best stylists . )
I can't read people like Malcolm Gladwell , whose bajillion - selling success is no surprise when you consider that he aspires to a sort of in - flight magazine weightlessness , just the sort of thing for anxious middle managers who want it all explained for them in the space of a New York - to - Chicago flight .
The English language dies screaming on the pages of Gladwell 's books , and between the covers of every other bestseller whose subtitle begins , " How ... " Another fit of spleen :
This ghastly notion , popularized by Masters of Their Own Domain like Jeff Jarvis , that every piece of writing is a " conversation . "
It 's a no - brainer that writing is a communicative act , and always has been .
And I 'll eagerly grant the point that composing in a dialogic medium like the net is like typing onstage , in Madison Square Garden , with Metallica laying down a speed metal beat behind you .
You 're writing on the fly , which is halfway between prose and speech .
But the Jarvises of the world forget that not all writing published online is written online .
I dearly loathe Jarvis 's implication that all writing , online or off , should sound like water - cooler conversation ; that content is all that matters ; that foppish literati should stop sylphing around and submit to the tyranny of the pyramid lead ; and that any mind that can't squeeze its thoughts into bullet points should just die .
This is the beige , soul - crushing logic of the PowerPoint mind .
What will happen , I wonder , when we have to write for the postage - stamp screen of the iPhone ?
The age of IM prose is waiting in the wings ... Parting thoughts :
The net has also open - sourced the cultural criticism business , a signal development that on one hand destratifies cultural hierarchies and makes space for astonishing voices like the people behind bOING bOING and BLDGBLOG and Ballardian .
Skimming reader comments on Amazon , I never cease to be amazed by the arcane expertise lurking in the crowd ; somebody , somewhere , knows everything about something , no matter how mind - twistingly obscure .
But this sea change — and it's an extraordinary one — is counterbalanced by the unhappy fact that off - the - shelf blogware and the comment thread make everyone a critic or , more accurately , make everyone think they 're a critic , to a minus effect .
We 're drowning in yak , and it 's getting harder and harder to hear the insightful voices through all the media cacophony .
Oscar Wilde would be just another forlorn blogger out on the media asteroid belt in our day , constantly checking his SiteMeter 's Average Hits Per Day and Average Visit Length .
Also , the Digital Age puts the middlebrow masses on the bleeding edge .
Again , a good thing , and a symmetry break with postwar history , when the bobos were the " antennae of the race , " as Pound put it , light years ahead of the leadfooted bourgeoisie when it came to emergent trends .
Now even obscure subcultures and microtrends tucked into the nooks and crannies of our culture are just a Google search away .
Back in the day , a subcultural spelunker could make a living writing about the cultural fringes because it took a kind of pop ethnographer or anthropologist to sleuth them out and make sense of them ; it still takes critical wisdom to make sense of them , but sleuthing them out takes only a few clicks .
Do I sound bitter ?
Not at all .
But we live in times of chaos and complexity , and the future of writing and reading is deeply uncertain .
Reading and writing are solitary activities .
The web enables us to write in public and , maybe one day , strike off the shackles of cubicle hell and get rich living by our wits .
Sometimes I think we 're just about to turn that cultural corner .
Then I step onto the New York subway , where most of the car is talking nonstop on cellphones .
Time was when people would have occupied their idle hours between the covers of a book .
No more .
We 've turned the psyche inside out , exteriorizing our egos , extruding our selves into public space and filling our inner vacuums with white noise .
It 's a mixed blessing .
If the hardest part of writing is just making yourself sit there and write , and what used to be a typewriter and a blank sheet of paper has been transformed into a magical portal to a zillion fascinating destinations , then the internet can be a giant and addictive distraction .
On the other hand , it 's a quick and simple way to do research without ever leaving your chair , and that can be a real time - saver .
So , on those counts at least — color me ambivalent .
For me as a writer , the internet has become indispensable ; if only in terms of researching it saves so much time and energy .
Google et al are miraculous .
Word processing has changed the nature of editing , and without the dread of typing a whole page again ; I can change things as I go along , surrendering to delusions of perfection .
I have become as much in awe of Technology as I am of Nature .
And although I blog for free , occasional paid assignments have fallen into my lap as a result .
Better than lapdancing .
The internet has made research much easier , which is both good and bad .
It 's good not to be forced to go libraries to fact check and throw together bibliographic references .
But it 's bad not to be forced to do this , since it diminishes the possibility of accidental discovery .
Physically browsing on library stacks and at used bookstores can lead to extraordinary discoveries .
One can also discover extraordinary things online , too , but the physical process of doing so is somehow more personally gratifying .
The internet has both broadened and limited audiences for books at the same time .
People outside urban centers can now find offbeat books that personally intrigue them .
But the interest in physical books overall seems diminished by the satiation of curiosity by a simple search on the internet , and the distraction of limitless data smog .
The internet has influenced my decision as a publisher to move away from text - only books to ones with a more multimedia quality , with photos , illustrations and sometimes CDs or DVDs .
I like the internet and computers for their ability to make writers of nearly everyone .
I do n't like the internet and computers for their ability to make sloppy and thoughtless writers of nearly everyone .
Overall , it 's an exciting world .
I 'm glad to be alive at this time .
I 'd say that it 's great for writing as a cultural behavior , but maybe not for people who made their livings creating text .
There 's a whole lot more text out there , and only so much time to read all this stuff .
People spend a lot of their time reading text on screens , and do n't necessarily want to come home and read text on a page after that .
Reading a hundred emails is really enough daily reading for anyone .
The book industry is n't what it used to be , but I do n't blame that on the internet .
It 's really the fault of media conglomeration .
Authors are no longer respected in the same way , books are treated more like magazines with firm expiration dates , and writers who simply write really well do n't get deals as quickly as disgraced celebrities or get - rich - quick gurus .
This makes it harder for writers to make a living writing .
To write professionally means being able to craft sentences and paragraphs and articles and books that communicate as literature .
Those who care about such things should rise to the top .
But I think many writers — even good ones — will have to accept the fact that books can be loss - leaders or break - even propositions in a highly mediated world where showing up in person generates the most income .
Dear Mr. Sirius , I read with some interest your request to comment on whether Herr Gutenberg 's new movable type is good for books and for scribes .
I have spent quite a bit of time thinking about the newly capable printing press , and though the invention is just 40 years old , I think we can already see some of the outlines of the coming changes .
First , your question " is it good for books and for scribes ? " seems to assume that what is good for one must be good for the other .
Granted , this has been true for the last several centuries , but the printing press has a curious property — it reduces the very scarcity of writing that made scribal effort worthwhile , so I would answer that it is great for books and terrible for scribes .
Thanks to the printing press , we are going to see more writing , and more kinds of writing , which is wonderful for the reading public , and even creates new incentives for literacy .
Because of these improvements , however , the people who made their living from the previous scarcity of books will be sorely discomfited .
In the same way that water is more vital than diamonds but diamonds are more expensive than water , the new abundance caused by the printing press will destroy many of the old professions tied to writing , even as it puts in place new opportunities as yet only dimly with us .
Aldus Manutius , in Venice , seems to be creating a market for new kinds of writing that the scribes never dreamt of , and which were impossible given the high cost of paying someone to copy a book by hand .
There is one thing the printing press does not change , of course , which is the scarcity of publishing .
Taking a fantastical turn , one could imagine a world in which everyone had not only the ability to read and write but to publish as well .
In such a world , of course , we would see the same sort of transformation we are seeing now with the printing press , which is to say an explosion in novel forms of writing .
Such a change would also create enormous economic hardship for anyone whose living was tied to earlier scarcities .
Such a world , as remarkable as it might be , must remain merely imaginative , as the cost of publishing will always be out of reach of even literate citizens .
Yours , Clay Shirky , Esq .
The internet has some advantages for writers , which I gladly exploit ; it offers some access to new audiences , it offers new venues ...
But it has even more disadvantages .
A recent study suggested that young people read approximately half as much as young people did before the advent of the internet and videogames .
While there are enormous bookstores , teeming with books , chain stores and online book dealing now dominate the book trade and it may be that there are fewer booksellers overall .
A lot of fine books are published but , on the whole , publishers push for the predictable profit far more than they used to , which means they prefer predictable books .
Editors are no longer permitted to make decisions on their own .
They must consult marketing departments before buying a book .
Book production has become ever more like television production : subordinate to trendiness , and the anxiety of executives .
And in my opinion this is partly because a generation intellectually concussed by the impact of the internet and other hyperactive , attention - deficit media , is assumed , probably rightly , to want superficial reading .
I know people earnestly involved in producing dramas for iPod download and transmission to iPhones .
Obviously , productions of that sort are oriented to small images in easy - to - absorb bites .
Episodes are often only a few minutes long .
Or even shorter .
Broadband drama , produced to be seen on the internet , is also attention - deficit - oriented .
I 've written for episodic television and have known the frustration of writers told to cut their " one hour " episodes down to 42 minutes , so that more commercials can be crammed in .
Losing ten minutes of drama takes a toll on the writing of a one hour show — just imagine the toll taken by being restricted to three - minute episodes .
Story development becomes staccato , pointlessly violent ( because that translates well to the form ) , childishly melodramatic , simple minded to the extreme .
All this may be an extension of the basic communication format forged by the internet : email , chatrooms , instant messages , board postings , blogs .
Email is usually telegraphic in form , compact , and without the literary feel that letters once had ; communication in chatrooms is reduced to soundbites that will fit into the little message window and people are impatient in chatrooms , unwilling to wait as a long sentence is formulated ; instant messages are even more compressed , superficial , and not even in real English ; board postings may be lengthier but if they are , no one reads them .
Same goes for blogs .
They 'd better be short thoughts or — for the most part — few will trouble to read them .
The internet is always tugging at you to move on , surf on , check this and that , talk to three people at once .
How do you maintain long thoughts , how do you stretch out intellectually , in those conditions ?
Sometimes at places like The Well , perhaps , people are more thoughtful .
But in general , online readers are prone to be attention challenged .
Reading at one 's computer is , also , not as comfortable as reading a book in an armchair — so besides the distractions , it 's simply a drag to spend a lot of time reading a single document online .
But people spend a great deal of time and energy online , time and energy which is then not available for that armchair book .
Occasionally someone breaks the rules and puts long stories online , as Rudy Rucker has done , admirably well , posting new stories by various writers at flurb .
net .
But for the most part , the internet is inimical to stretching out , literarily .
The genie is out of the bottle , and we can not go back .
But it would be well if people did not misrepresent the literary value of writing for the internet .
Concerning the internet , yes , many thoughts .
None of them good .
The advent of personal computers has been ruinous .
Empowering , my ass .
Suddenly everyone 's a writer .
As someone who 's been a professional writer my entire life , I now sit for hours every day and answer e-mails .
I do n't mind if the subject has substance , like this , but the onslaught of e-media , e-spam , e-requests for money , stupid e-jokes , e-advertisements , etc. , is painful .
I 'm chained to a machine .
Editors say they simply can't respond to all the e-mails they receive .
Telephonic communication was quicker and easier .
Used to be I sat at an alphabet keyboard ( called typewriters in my day ) when I had an assignment or inspiration .
Now it 's all I do .
Go to a library ?
Why ?
You can get what you need on the internet .
Which means I 've been suffering from Acute Cabin Fever since 1999 ( when I tragically signed up for internet access ) .
Sure , I could get off my ass and go to a library , but the internet is like heroin .
Why take a walk in the park when you can boot up and find beauty behind your eyelids or truth from the MacBook ?
( Interesting that the term ' boot - up ' is junkie - speak . ) I only got a word processor in 1990 .
I used a typewriter until then .
My writing was no different before I could instantly re-write .
I had to think about what I was going to write before applying fingertip to key .
Now I 'm terribly careless .
I make mistakes that I never made pre-processing .
Certainly literature has n't improved ( nor has art , music , film or anything else ) .
Instead of reading Charles Olson or Rimbaud or Melville or Voltaire or Terry Southern , now people spend all day playing with their computers and endless varieties of applications .
I hear my friends — all smart — kvelling about some new piece of software .
You 'd think they 'd cured cancer .
We 're a planet of marks getting our bank accounts skimmed by Bill Gates and Steven Jobs .
Gates and Jobs ( and yer pal Woz ) ought to be disemboweled — yes , on the internet — and their carcasses left to rot on www.disemboweledcyberthieves.com.Furthermore, I get nauseous thinking of the days , weeks , months I 've spent on the phone with tech support .
All these robber baron geeks are loaded , yet they can't even perfect the goddamn things .
The world of LOL and iirc and this hideous perpetual junior high language has not encouraged quality - lit .
Have you looked at my former employer the L.A .
Weekly lately ?
It 's created by illiterates promoting bad and overpriced music , art , film , etc .
There 's a glut of so - called writers and if they 're 22 and have big tits , many editors will give them work before I get any .
It 's no coincidence that my payments and assignments for freelancing have diminished in the last 8 years .
I was a happy nappy - takin ' pappy ' fore the advent of these glorified television sets .
Now my eyes hurt at the end of every day from the glow of the monitor .
RU , I 'm not happy that you — a brilliant man who has kept Yippie spirit alive — promote these contraptions .
I did n't even have a phone answering machine until 1988 when I was 33 .
Everything was better before this glut of machinery entered my life .
It 's quadrupled my monthly bills and swamps me with useless information .
No , it has n't fired my imagination but , yes , I can't get no satisfaction .
The Internet is good for writers for several reasons :
What was once a rather clunky process of querying by fax , phone , and snail - mail has been replaced by the mad , near - instantaneous medium of e-mail , where the indolent are more easily sequestered from the industrious .
The process is , as it always was , one of long hours , haphazard diets , and rather bizarre forms of self - promotion .
But clips are easily linkable .
Work can be more readily distributed .
And if a writer maintains a blog , there is now a more regular indicator of a writer 's thought process .
The stakes have risen .
Everyone who wishes to survive in this game must operate at some peak and preternatural efficiency .
Since the internet is a ragtag , lightning - fast glockenspiel where thoughts , both divine and clumsy , are banged out swifter with mad mallets more than any medium that has preceded it , an editor can get a very good sense of what a writer is good for and how he makes mistakes .
While it is true that this great speed has come at the expense of long - form pieces and even months - long reporting , I believe the very limitations of this current system are capable of creating ambition rather than stifling it .
If the internet was committing some kind of cultural genocide for any piece of writing that was over twenty pages , why then has the number of books published increased over the past fifteen years ?
Some of the old - school types , like John Updike , have decried the ancillary and annotated aspects of the Internet , insisting that there is nothing more to talk about than the book .
But if a book is a unit transmitting information from one person to another , then why ignore those on the receiving end ?
For are they not part of this process ?
Writing has been talked about ever since Johann Gutenberg 's great innovation caused many classical works to be disseminated into the public consciousness , and thus spawned the Renaissance .
What we are now experiencing may have an altogether different scale , but it is not different in effect .
The profusion of written thoughts and emotions is certainly overwhelming , but the true writer is likely to be a skillful and highly selective reader , and thus has many jewels to select from , to be inspired by , to be wowed by , and to otherwise cause the truly ambitious to carry forth with passion and a whip - smart disposition .
Functional logic programming aims to amalgamate the most important declarative programming paradigms , namely functional programming and logic programming .
In comparison with pure functional languages , functional logic languages have more expressive power due to the availability of features like function inversion , partial data structures , existential variables , and non-deterministic search .
In comparison with pure logic languages , functional logic languages have a more efficient operational behavior since functions provide for more efficient evaluation strategies ( lazy evaluation , deterministic reductions ) than predicates .
Early research in this area has been concentrated on the definition and improvement of appropriate execution principles for functional logic languages .
In recent years efficient implementations of these execution principles have been developed .
You can look into an older survey and a newer survey of this area .
Further resources
Languages , Implementations
Curry : a proposal for a standard in functional logic programming
Mailing list
Workshops , Conferences , Journals
Papers and Books
Some researchers interested in functional logic programming
Related subjects
The dream of wireless networks bathing U.S. cities in free and pervasive internet access has come to an end , at least for now .
As the number of failed or stalled municipal wireless projects continues to rise , the focus has shifted from closing the so - called digital divide to why plans for such networks , in only a year 's time , seem to be dissolving almost daily .
Last week , San Francisco , Chicago and St. Louis all announced significant and perhaps fatal roadblocks in their municipal Wi-Fi projects .
" Frankly , I 'm not surprised at all , " said Dewayne Hendricks of Tetherless Access , a provider of metropolitan wireless - networking services .
" It 's been clear this was going to happen for a while now . "
Chicago , one of the most recent cities to curtail its citywide Wi-Fi project , was unable to eke out a viable business plan with either AT&T or troubled internet service provider Earthlink .
Indeed , after realizing how much the build - out would cost , both companies tried to tweak the agreement terms and requested that Chicago become an " anchor tenant , " paying a guaranteed minimum fee to use the Wi-Fi network in support of city services .
Chicago , like many other cities who 've been asked to do the same , declined .
San Francisco's own high - profile project has fared no better .
On Thursday , Earthlink bowed out of its three - year Wi-Fi contract , stating similar cost - related reasons .
Earthlink had already announced restructuring plans that will entail laying off nearly half its workforce – including the company 's head of municipal networking , Don Berryman .
It 's a harsh dose of reality that juxtaposes the giddy enthusiasm for ubiquitous Wi-Fi that cities like San Francisco , Philadelphia , Houston and many others displayed only a few years ago .
In part , that enthusiasm was based on a handful of assumptions .
The first was that advertising could support citywide connectivity , enabling the services to be free or low - cost .
Many proponents also argued that residents would actually want to use the free networks .
Both assumptions were mistaken .
Esme Vos , an intellectual - property lawyer who tracks various national municipal projects on her site , MuniWireless , notes a pronounced downturn in muni Wi -Fi projects and attributes that trend to telecoms finally realizing they have no clear path toward profit with the agreements they currently have in place .
When companies like MetroFi and Earthlink started bidding for contracts in 2004 , they often agreed to some spectacularly generous terms .
For instance , many telecoms acquiesced to footing the entire bill for network build - out , maintenance and upgrades .
They would also frequently agree to pay the cities to lease public property , such as light poles , which would hold Wi -Fi transmitters .
Earthlink 's canceled San Francisco contract contained many of these terms .
Then , there was the issue of radio transmitters needed to broadcast the signal .
With a range of just 100 or 200 feet at most , Wi-Fi networks simply do n't provide adequate access – especially for people in buildings or other enclosed areas .
As a result , most networks deployed in the past several years have required between 20 and 100 percent more access points than budgeted , according to journalist Glenn Fleishman who publishes Wi -Fi Net News .
Lack of demand was the final nail in the coffin .
Although cities and telecoms expected 10 - 25 percent of an area 's population to sign up for muni Wi -Fi , what they got , in many cases , was closer to 1 or 2 percent , Fleishman says .
Craig Settles , an analyst who follows muni Wi-Fi and the author of the book Fighting the Good Fight for Municipal Wireless , says the whole thing gives him déjà vu – especially Earthlink 's recent troubles .
When he was employed by Metricom , Settles ' Ricochet network was one of the pioneering wireless internet service providers in the United States in the late 1990s .
Settles said one of Metricom 's major failings was that " it tried to sell to consumers a service they perceived as too slow and too expensive , while ignoring the business community . "
In fact , he suggests that Earthlink 's recent press release indicates the company is abandoning the consumer Wi-Fi market for one very clear reason : " Consumers are a weak play for muni wireless – they 're expensive to get , and more expensive to keep . "
" If Earthlink is serious about finding subscribers who are more likely to be ' lifers , ' as ( the ) release states , then they should repackage their muni wireless offering for governments in a way that shows ( them ) the return on investment potential of anchor tenancy , " Settles says .
In fact , Settles says all telecoms should focus more on developing an aggressive business - focused marketing campaign that " capitalizes on a continually growing interest among small - and medium - size businesses for mobile workforce applications . "
But Hendricks is n't ready to give up on the general public just yet , and says the public Wi -Fi story is far from over .
" Lets just say things work in waves , " he said .
" You see this a lot , especially in the Silicon Valley .
The first time around , projects do n't go so well .
Then you try again . "
In fact , Hendricks characterizes the recent downturn in muni Wi -Fi projects simply as " the end of the first beginning . "
The second beginning , he says , may already be underway with the IEEE 's work on 802.11s , a yet - to - be- ratified amendment to the Wi-Fi standard that defines how wireless devices can interconnect to create decentralized , ad - hoc networks , or " mesh networks . "
Mesh - networking systems are designed to be self - configuring , allowing wireless nodes to find one another and create links automatically or with very little user intervention .
Recent reports from market - analysis company In - Stat show that the Wi-Fi mesh - networking equipment market had more than 100 percent growth in 2006 , and will have more than 90 percent growth in 2007 .
Hendricks says technologies like WiMax , which offers longer range and higher bandwidth than Wi -Fi , may also prove to be a particularly appealing model for cities .
Companies like Sprint and Clearwire have already stated they will begin investing billions of dollars for major WiMax build - outs in metropolitan areas like New York in the coming year .
" Cities are saying : Wait a minute , if these guys are doing all the work , why should we lift a finger ? "
Hendricks said .
And if the larger , more ambitious municipal networks prove infeasible ?
Well , growing evidence shows smaller , localized networks may be the answer .
" More localized Wi-Fi is one option – for example , deploying in areas where there are a lot of tourists , foot traffic , business people , " says Vos .
Recent successful examples include Google 's own wireless network in the town of Mountain View , California , and the Westside Wi-Fi Project , a wireless broadband network in San Francisco 's Western Addition neighborhood funded by the nonprofit Community Technology Foundation of California .
The Westside project uses mesh networking with radios located inside residents ' apartments .
Whether it's new business models or new technologies , it 's clear that the first wave is n't working .
The old approach to municipal Wi -Fi may be drawing its last breath , but a strict dose of business reality may be exactly what cities and ISPs need before getting back on track .
A few weeks ago , a couple of friends and I were talking about where we want to travel this year , and one of them said something that surprised me .
“ You probably would n’t approve , but I want to go to the Caribbean this year . ”
Huh ?
Why would n’t I approve ?
I thought about this in a pensive stare for many moments , taking the form of Rodin ’s Thinking Man and wishing that I had a pipe and perhaps a tweed jacket .
Then I figured it out .
Apparently , I ’m the personal finance guy to some people .
And , I realized with a sinking feeling , to many people , “ the personal - finance guy ” means “ the guy who tells me I ca n’t do stuff because it costs too much money . ”
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Now , I will call your ass out when you ’re being stupid about money .
But I ’m not the finger - wagging parent who tells you not to spend money on lattes .
Instead of taking a simplistic “ do n’t spend money on expensive things ! !! ” view , I believe there ’s a nuanced approach to spending .
Today , I ’m going to tell you about 3 friends who are spending lots and lots of money on things you might consider frivolous –like shoes and going out –but I ’m going to tell you exactly why I think they ’re perfectly justified .
But first , let ’s talk about a couple of things .
Frugality .
There are plenty of blogs on frugality .
This is not one of them .
I think you can have lots of fun debating the minutiae about which grain of rice is cheaper , but it does n’t really get you much further towards your goals .
Also , most Americans are not brought up with the idea of frugality .
I ’ve been in a car with friends who were so hungry that they had to pull over and get food even though we were only 5 minutes from home .
For me , writing a blog on frugality would be like trying to convince an ankylosaurus to dance a god damn jig .
As a result , I do n’t believe that frugality is very sustainable for a lot of people .
Yes , maybe we ’ll stop buying those lattes ( or whatever ) , but something else will take its place .
In my opinion , unless there ’s a fundamental mindset from a young age , it ’s hard to change the I - want - it - now habits .
Whether you agree with me or not , that ’s why I do n’t write a blog based on where to find the cheapest laundry detergent .
Finally , and this is the most important , frugality alone does n’t get you to your goals .
It ’s a helpful but not sufficient condition .
So I take another approach of trying to write about money holistically , while urging you to make your own decisions about what ’s important enough to spend a lot on , and what ’s not .
2007 is the year of conscious spending .
THE PROBLEM IS HARDLY ANYONE IS DECIDING WHAT’S IMPORTANT AND WHAT’S NOT !
DAMNIT !
That ’s why 2007 is the year of conscious spending , in which I want you to consciously decide what you ’re going to spend on .
No more “ I guess I spent that much ” when you see your credit card statements .
No .
Conscious spending means you decide exactly where you ’re going to spend your money –for going out , for saving , for investing , for rent–and you free yourself from feeling guilty about your spending .
Along with making you feel comfortable with your spending , a plan lets you continue growing towards your goals instead of just treading water .
The simple fact is that as young people , most of us are not spending consciously .
We ’re spending on whatever , then reactively feeling good or bad about it .
Every time I meet someone who has a prescriptive budget ( aka , “ Here ’s how much I want to spend on X this month ) , I ’m so enchanted that my love rivals Shah Jahan ’s for his wife Mumtaz Mahal ( look it up ) .
Today I ’m going to write about people who spend a lot on things that most people consider absurd .
This article is not a rationalization for absurd spending habits .
PLEASE .
If you walk away from this article with your hands triumphantly over your head saying “ I ’M PERFECT !!! ” then you are a moron and your parents are probably very sad .
But if you look at the idea of conscious spending –of people who have paid themselves first , then used the money they have left over to do what they want with it –then your parents will be very happy and probably live longer .
Man , I ca n’t believe I just used your parents ’ longevity to convince you to read .
Ok , let ’s get to it .
My three friends
The shoe lover .
My first friend is a girl who spends about $ 5,000 / year on shoes .
Since expensive shoes cost about $ 300 - $ 500 each , this is around 10 or 15 shoes annually .
“ THAT ’S RIDICULOUS !!! ” you might be saying .
And on the surface , that number is indeed large .
But I think iwillteachyoutoberich readers can look a little deeper .
This girl makes a very healthy six - figure salary .
She has a roommate , eats for free at work , and does n’t spend much on fancy electronics , gym , etc .
In fact , her job provides many of the amenities other people pay for .
She loves shoes .
A lot .
And so , after funding her 401 ( k ) and a taxable investment account ( she makes too much for a Roth ) , she has money left over .
Now here ’s where it ’s interesting .
“ But Ramit , ” you might say , “ it does n’t matter .
$ 500 shoes are ridiculous .
Nobody needs to spend that much on shoes !
You ’re just saying it ’s ok because … well , I do n’t know .
But it ’s too much !!! ”
I see eloquence does not reign rule today .
But I want to take that statement apart .
First , I bet most people who are astounded at the price of her shoes have n’t even done what she ’s done .
To the people who would criticize someone for spending $ 5,000 / year on shoes :
Have you funded your 401 ( k ) and started outside investment accounts ?
Do you keep a strict budget of how much you spend ?
Second , when you have extra money lying around ( extra = after reasonably maxing out your investment options ) , what ’s better : Making a strategic decision to spend on what you love ?
Or just spending it on random things here or there and eventually watching your money trickle out ?
This girl loves shoes .
And after planning for her long - term and short - term goals , she has money left over .
This is why it ’s so surprising that people pass judgment when they see others buying things like expensive shoes .
This girl has her shit together .
And I think she ’s right on .
The partier .
My second friend spends over $ 21,000 / year going out .
“ OH MY GOD , THAT ’S SO MUCH *#%(#%(# %! ” a couple people said yesterday .
Let ’s break it down , though .
Let ’s say you go out 4x / week–to dinners and bars–and spend an average of $ 100 / night .
I ’m being conservative with the numbers here , since a dinner can run $ 60 / person and drinks could be $ 12 each .
I ’m not including bottle service , which might cost $ 800 or $ 1,000 .
( He lives in a big city . )
That ’s easily $ 400 / week .
Now , this guy also makes a healthy six - figure salary , and he ’s similarly invested quite a bit in his 401 ( k ) and outside investments ( including real estate ) .
The key here is that he works such long hours that he ’s only really free Friday and Saturday nights .
And so he goes out .
Hard .
In just a couple years , this guy has saved more than almost any of my friends .
He ’s also spent more on going out than anybody I know .
And although $ 21,000 sounds outrageous on the surface , you have to take context into consideration .
For example , look at his spending by percentage : Just for easy calculations , if we assume that this guy makes $ 210,000 / year net , his going - out budget is roughly 10 % of his income .
For my friends who make $ 35,000 / year , you can be damn sure that they ’re spending more than $ 3,500 / year ( $ 67 / week ) on going out .
The subscription nut .
The third friend is a tech guy who has a Tivo subscription , Rhapsody subscription , cable / Internet connection , gym membership , Netflix account , magazine subscriptions , and a couple of monthly online accounts .
Now , when I wrote Guess How Much Your Subscriptions Cost ? , the point was to highlight how we systematically discount the cumulative effect of our subscriptions .
In other words , we forget to add them all up to see the total amount –which is usually a LOT .
That ’s why companies love , love , love subscriptions .
Anyway , I showed my friend my article , and he just shrugged .
I started to get angry and use a line I ’ve always wanted to use – “ Do you know who I am ? ” – but he then explained that his subscriptions came out of his entertainment budget , which he ’d carefully thought about and revised every few months .
And , not surprisingly , he has a savings plan that is automatically deducted from his paycheck .
The point here is that , whether or not I agree with his subscriptions , he ’d thought about it .
He ’d sat down , considered what he wanted to spend on , and was executing on a plan .
That ’s doing more than 99 % of the young people I ’ve talked to .
Shit , if he had decided he wanted to spend $ 8,000 / year on furry donkey costumes and Faberge eggs , that would have been great .
At least he has a plan .
* * *
I know a lot of people are going to start screaming at me for things they disagree with , so I want to try to take it step by step .
Then you can send your criticisms to youarestupid!!!@iwillteachyoutoberich.com .
Most of us are not consciously thinking about our spending .
By that , I mean we ’re not being proactive about planning where our money should go .
We ’re going through our 20s doing whatever , and inferring our spending patterns from the bills we get at the end of the month .
We not only lack a prescriptive budget ( “ I want to spend 20 % on my retirement account , 10 % on savings , 20 % on going out … ” ) , we even lack a descriptive budget ( “ where the hell is my money going ? ” ) .
( More about budgets and asset allocation . )
And so I completely understand the sickening feeling we get when we see our bills , or the guilty feeling we have when going out to a dinner with friends .
We ’re also looking at surface characteristics and making stupid judgments .
‘ You spent $ 300 on jeans ! ’
‘ Why do you shop at Whole Foods ? ’
‘ Why did you decide to live in that expensive area ? ’
I know we all wonder these things about our friends because I do , too .
And , in fact , most of our judgments are right :
Because young people are not carefully considering their financial choices in the context of their long - term goals–e .g. , we ’re not paying ourselves first and we ’re not developing an investment / savings plan–when you think your friend ca n’t afford those $ 300 jeans , you ’re probably right .
I ’ve tried to be less judgmental about this .
I ’m not always successful , but I ’m trying to work on the fact that the sticker price does n’t matter–it ’s the context around it .
You want to buy a $ 1,000 bottle of wine ?
And you already saved $ 50,000 this year at age 25 ?
Great !
But if your friends are going out four times a week on a $ 25,000 salary , I bet they ’re not consciously spending .
The friends I wrote about above are an exception to most people our age .
They have a plan .
Instead of frivolously spending money without a holistic goal , they took a few hours , wrote down where each % of every $ should go , and then built an infrastructure to do it automatically .
They spend less time worrying about money than most people !
These are people who already know about ING and their credit cards and basic asset allocation .
They ’re not experts , but they got started a while ago .
To me , this is an enviable position to be in , and it ’s exactly what iwillteachyoutoberich is about : cutting costs on what you do n’t care about , and spending extravagantly on the things you do .
The problem is , we all want to have it now , so we make short - term decisions .
We also use simplistic goals like “ Oh , fine , no more lattes ! ” I hate when people say that , because ( 1 ) it ’s usually thought of as a panacea , and ( 2 ) for the people who have to make that pledge , it ’s usually such a part of their routine that hoping for long - term behavioral change is hopeless .
What if I suggested that you could be doing what one of these friends are –spending whatever you planned without thinking twice–and it would make perfect financial sense ?
And you would n’t feel guilty about it ?
I know that sounds good .
But the catch is , there are no stupid , simple secrets like “ no Starbucks . ”
You need to work to change your spending habits for a year , or maybe 2 or 3 .
Would you be prepared to work that long to get to a place where you knew exactly what you ’re spending , and you could spend extravagantly on the things you value ?
You can .
It takes a plan .
And it ’s really as simple as that .
“ But Ramit … ”
“ These people probably spend hours every day managing their money ”
Nope .
I asked them how much time they spent , and not surprisingly , it ’s just a few hours a month .
Two of them set up an automatic infrastructure so that money is automatically moved from one accout to another as paychecks come in .
Once you set your infrastructure up , you ’ll spend less time managing your money than most people do .
And you ’ll have more of it , too .
The simplest way to do this is to set up a high - interest savings account ( more about ING / setting up your accounts ) and automatically deduct money from each paycheck .
“ I ’ll never make six figures in my early 20 s ”
THAT’S NOT THE POINT !!
PLEASE DO ME A FAVOR AND DON ’T GET CAUGHT IN THE DETAILS .
That ’s exactly what I wrote about in The Shrug Effect .
Here are some better suggestions :
Think about it by percentage ( “ what percentage of my income am I spending going out ? ” ) .
Think about it in terms of goals ( “ how much do I need to save for a down payment on a house in 5 years ? ” ) .
Just look at yourself and say , what am I already spending a huge amount on ?
And what would I really like to be spending on ?
A good way to do this is to say , If I had all the money in the world , what would I like to do ?
Then figure out how to do it .
But remember , pay yourself first instead of just spending on things you want .
Still , there is some truth to what you said .
If you ’re making $ 40,000 , your lifestyle is just going to be different than someone making $ 190,000 .
That ’s just a fact .
But whatever your income is , I guarantee you can live better on it by having a spending plan .
“ Yesterday , you wrote that you just moved to San Francisco and you ’re paying 2 x the rent .
Why would you do that ?
Should n’t you live beneath your means ? ”
Good question .
I still am .
In my 2007 resolutions post , I wrote that in 2007 , I ’ll make more , save more , and spend more than ever before this year .
I created an asset allocation to save and invest more money ( both in the stock market and in my own businesses ) , and then I looked at what I had left over .
And I consciously decided that the higher rent , parking , eating costs , etc , was worth it .
One additional point is that money is n’t just here to be saved and scrimped and pinched .
It ’s here for us to enjoy .
And I love living in SF .
When you consciously spend , you can say “ it ’s worth it ” after having actually considered the alternatives using numbers , not foofy emotions .
“ I have identified a fatal flaw in your reasoning .
Yes , your friends may have maxed out their 401 ( k ) s , but they could still invest more .
And since every dollar we save now is worth a lot later , your dumb friends are actually losing tons of money !!
HAHA !! ”
Touche .
Yes , technically you could always save more .
But when your money becomes oppressive to you , that ’s when you stop respecting it .
If I were saving 95 % of everything I was earning and not enjoying any of it , would I really have an incentive to respect my own self - set goals ?
As someone commented earlier today , personal finance has a lot more to do with “ personal ” than with “ finance . ”
And so , as a personal example of my finances and decision - making for moving to SF , I definitely could have taken the extra money and put it towards more investments .
But after making my asset allocation , I ’m happy with how much money I ’m putting away .
I do n’t want to blindly just save more and more with no good reason .
Conscious spending is about putting your money in the best places that make the most sense for you .
* * *
I think the comments on this post are going to be very interesting .
I want my major takeaway points to be very clear :
1. Conscious spending is about making a plan on how you want to spend your money .
2 . Most of us are not spending consciously –we ’re just spending whatever and then getting the bills at the end of the month .
3 . Why should we spend consciously ?
If your plan is forward - thinking , you ’ll be able to pay yourself first by automatically saving / investing part of each dollar that comes in .
You also wo n’t feel guilty when you go out , or buy shoes , or whatever , because it will be an explicit part of your goals .
And if you structure your system to pay yourself first , in a few months , you ’ll start to see it add up .
Imagine where you ’ll be one year from now .
Thanks for reading .
And please tell your friends .
Journey through this crazy SEO wonderland .
Meet Queen of Hearts , King Google , mad Hatter and the PR .
And if you are lucky , you might just see some talking rabbits and a crazy guy called Matt Cutts .
DHAKA ( Reuters ) - A severe cyclone has killed more than 580 people in Bangladesh and left thousands injured or missing , triggering an international relief effort on Friday to help the disaster - prone country cope with its latest emergency .
Local officials and Red Crescent workers said 587 deaths had been confirmed .
Hundreds more were injured or missing after Cyclone Sidr struck overnight packing winds of 250 kph ( 155 mph ) .
The Category 4 cyclone triggered a 15 - foot ( 5 - metre ) high tidal surge that devastated three coastal towns and forced 3.2 million people to evacuate , officials and aid agencies said .
“ The death count is rising fast as we get more information from the affected districts , ” a food and disaster ministry official said .
He put the official death toll at 250 .
The death toll might rise sharply when search operations end in a half dozen tiny offshore islands inhabited by thousands of fishermen , and coastal areas where telecommunications were cut .
Navy rescuers aboard five vessels had reached the islands and started giving relief to survivors and retrieving bodies , the defense ministry said .
“ It will take several days to complete the search and know the actual casualty figure and extent of damage to property , ” said disaster ministry official Ayub Miah .
Dhaka and major cities across the country were plunged into darkness at sunset .
Many power plants and most distribution systems were damaged by the cyclone and it could take three more days to restore services , power department officials said .
“ I am concerned about security .
Thugs will have a great time throughout the night , ” said businessman Abul Hashem .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The tidal surge inundated Patuakhali , Barguna and Jhalakathi , cutting off links to the three towns .
An official in Dhaka had no information yet about casualties from the area .
The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) , told reporters in Geneva 1,000 fishermen were missing .
“ Significant damage is expected .
However , information collection on casualty and damage figures is still very much in the early stages , ” OCHA spokeswoman Elisabeth Byrs said .
MISSING FISHING BOATS
In New York , OCHA chief John Holmes said his office was ready to make available “ several million dollars ” in emergency aid , but he declined to name a specific figure .
At least 150 trawlers have been reported missing .
Though authorities had broadcast repeated storm warnings , many of the missing boats might have been small vessels without radios .
The navy launched search and rescue operations , while four helicopters loaded with emergency relief supplies have been dispatched to some of the worst - hit areas , officials said .
Around 30,000 volunteers mobilized by Bangladesh Red Crescent beat drums and used bullhorns or a special flag system to spread evacuation warnings , the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said in Geneva .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The U.N. ’s World Food Programme said it was sending 98 metric tons of high - energy biscuits , enough for 400,000 people for three days .
“ The urgent needs are food , water purification tablets and medicines , ” WFP spokeswoman Christiane Berthiaume said .
Fakhruddin Ahmed , chief of the army - backed interim government , flew to devastated coastal districts on the Bay of Bengal on Friday to see the damage , officials said .
The cyclone , which followed devastating floods in July - September that killed more than 1,000 , posed a new challenge to the interim administration , whose main task is to hold free and fair elections before the end of next year .
By early Friday the storm had weakened to a tropical storm .
Agriculture officials said rice and other crops in the cyclone - battered areas had been badly damaged .
Storms batter the country every year .
A severe cyclone killed half a million people in 1970 , while another in 1991 killed 143,000 .
Many of the country ’s 140 million people live around low - lying river deltas vulnerable to tidal surges .
Consumers turning to organic food in the wake of warnings about antifreeze - laden toothpaste , poisoned pet food , and antibiotic - laced fish may be in for a surprise .
The same country blamed for those scares , China , is quietly muscling in on the organic market .
Upscale grocery chains like Trader Joe 's and Whole Foods now import popular organic snacks such as edamame and canned staples such as kidney beans from China .
That has made some buyers looking for pristine , all - natural food a bit skittish .
" A couple of months ago I was just eating some edamame from Trader Joe 's because my nutritionist said they were a great source of protein , " a science textbook writer from Los Angeles , Stephanie Anagnoson , said .
" My husband noticed they were made in China and packed in China , and we both thought that was kind of bizarre .
It was at the same time that everyone began noticing that things coming from China are not necessarily what they seem . "
Ms. Anagnoson said she doubts that produce grown in China is truly organic , regardless of the label .
" It 's really hard to grow something organic in a country that really abuses pesticides and where DDT is used , " she said .
Organic produce imported from China carries the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's organic logo and is certified by private firms authorized to approve use of the label .
However , consumers who view that as a guarantee that the produce is pesticide - free are mistaken .
The federal rules establishing the organic certification do not include routine testing for pesticide contamination .
" I think that is a weak part of the standards , " a food - safety scientist at Consumers Union in Yonkers , Urvashi Rangan , said .
An official with an American nonprofit group that certifies Chinese farms as organic , Jeff See , confirmed that testing is not required to get approval to use the logo .
" It 's not a regular practice as part of the certification process , " Mr. See , the executive director of the Nebraska - based Organic Crop Improvement Association , said .
He said he appreciates Americans ' concerns that organics from China may not really be organic .
" I understand the questions .
It is also a concern for us , " Mr. See said .
" With China , we 've made an extra push here within the last year , even before a lot of this came into public attention .
We wanted to make sure what is happening there is represented truly . "
A Chinese government report indicates that the organic industry 's domestic and export sales more than tripled between 2003 and 2005 .
About $ 136 million worth of organic products was shipped overseas in 2005 , the report said .
Mr. See said his group has two full - time employees in China who oversee organic certifications for about 250 growers and food processors .
The process relies primarily on paperwork audits and on - site inspections looking for unapproved chemicals .
All producers are visited at least once a year .
" We do n't have inspectors in the field 100 % of the time , " he said .
" They do quite a few verification inspections unannounced where they have maybe a day 's warning at most .
They 're pretty thorough . "
Some organic advocates doubt whether a yearly inspection , an occasional checkup , and no regular pesticide testing is a regime that ensures the detailed organic rules are being followed , especially in a chaotic , developing country like China .
" With the troubles with conventional production over there , there 's enough red flags raised " to prompt questions , the author of " Organic Inc. , " Samuel Fromartz , said .
" It 's the Wild West out there . "
Produce exposed to pesticides or other toxins can wind up on the market as organic through fraud , error , or environmental contamination , all of which are arguably more likely in the Third World .
China is renowned for counterfeit consumer goods and mislabeled commodities .
An industrial chemical mislabeled as wheat gluten , melamine , is believed to have led to a huge recall of tainted pet food earlier this year and the reported deaths of hundreds of animals .
In a country where goods ranging from Prada handbags to Duracell batteries are regularly faked , ensuring that a shipment of soybeans came from an organic field and not a chemical - treated one would seem quite a challenge .
" Fraudulent products can be found everywhere in China , " an Agriculture Department report on organics noted last year .
" Most of the [ Chinese ] consumers interviewed said they did n't buy and would not buy organic because they do n't trust labels or certifications . "
Still , organic produce typically sells in China for three to five times the price of conventional produce , the report found .
That differential increases the incentive for fraud .
In addition , while a farmer in America or Europe can be fairly confident that a fertilizer or pesticide he buys is what it purports to be , even a well - intentioned Chinese farmer can not be so sure .
A weed - killer billed as all natural might be a potent chemical .
There are also the problems of groundwater contamination and toxic runoff from neighboring farms .
Neither would turn up in a paperwork audit and both might be hard for an inspector to assess without lab testing .
When it issued the organic rules in 2000 , the Agriculture Department considered requiring regular testing for pesticides .
However , Mr. Fromartz said organic growers from California complained that the tests could show pesticide residues that were the product of drift from nonorganic farms .
" You can't avoid drift , " a spokeswoman for California Certified Organic Farmers , Viella Shipley , said .
An organic farmer in Santa Cruz , Calif. , is suing over pesticide that allegedly traveled in a fog bank after being applied at a neighboring farm , she noted .
The drift issue also could be more serious abroad , where conventional farming can include the use of pesticides not approved by American authorities .
The Agriculture Department 's rules declare that organic certifiers " may require preharvest or postharvest testing when there is reason to believe that the agricultural input or product has come into contact with a prohibited substance or has been produced using excluded methods . "
The federal government 's testing of produce sold in America , whether imported or domestic , is done by the Food and Drug Administration .
In that process , the organic designation is not considered .
" It 's not a food safety program .
It 's a marketing program , " an Agriculture Department spokeswoman , Joan Shaffer , said .
An FDA study done in 2003 found that imported produce was about three times as likely to violate limits for pesticide residue .
However , it was also more likely than American produce to be free of pesticides altogether .
The results suggest that foreign farmers are more likely to use pesticides recklessly , but that many do not use them at all .
Retailers conduct pesticide tests , but they are not forthcoming about the results .
" Based on out own visits and independent tests / audits , we are confident that our vendors in other countries meet if not exceed the standards established for suppliers in the United States , " a spokeswoman for Trader Joe 's , Alison Mochizuki , said in an e-mail .
A Whole Foods spokeswoman , Ashley Hawkins , said her chain is trying to purchase more produce locally , but can not get enough .
" Our primary challenge at this time is that the demand of fresh fruits and vegetables  especially in organic form  is far outpacing the U.S. - grown supply , " she said .
" Our team of buyers and auditors personally visit all farms and facilities . "
A federal law mandating country - of - origin labeling produce and some meats has been repeatedly delayed , but Trader Joe 's and Whole Foods voluntarily label most of their products .
Ms. Anagnoson , the writer , said her surprise over the edamame from China led her to adopt a " China free diet " because of the country 's labor and environmental practices .
She is even trying to extend the self - imposed ban beyond food to all consumer goods .
" When we need to get new laptops , we 'll be particularly challenged , " she joked .
アメリカでのサンドイッチの注文がめんどくさい
アメリカはなんでも DIY というか、いろんなところが大雑把なわりには、食事の注文とかはやけに細かいのが特徴です。なので、こっちで一番苦労するというか苦手だったのが、サンドウィッチや
Burrito （メキシコ料理）の注文。列に並んで注文するわけですが、いちいち１個１個のパーツ（サンドウィッチならパンの種類、チーズの種類、マスタードをいれるかどうか etc.）を何にするかきいてくるので、日本人O型な私としては「何でもいいよ｣と思いつつ何があるのかまず聞いて、どれでもいいから１個目に言ったヤツ、みたいなことになりがちです。
とりあえず Sandwich と Burrito についてはだんだんどの店でも聞かれる共通項がわかってきたので、こんな感じに受け答えするようにしました。Perl コードで 。
use strict ; my $ fail ; sub order_sandwich { local $ _ = shift ; / ^How are you / and return " I 'm good . " ; /^What .* order / and return " Chicken Breast Sandwich . " ; / ^What kind of bread / and return " French Roll . " ; /^( Put ) ? everything \?/ i and return " Yes. " ; / cheese / and return " Cheddar Cheese . " ; if ( $ fail + + <= 3 ) { return " Sorry ? " ; } return " Whatever . " ; }
FRANK RICH , of the New York Times , accuses the Bush administration of conducting a “ quiet coup , ultimately more insidious than a blatant putsch like General Musharraf's ” .
Ann Coulter , of here , there and everywhere , says the Democratic Party is so dumb that “ it 's as if all the brain - damaged people in America got together and formed a voting block ” .
And every day thousands of would - be Riches and Coulters inject similar sentiments into the blogosphere .
This sort of partisan rhetoric is tedious .
But has n't American politics always been full of it ?
In the 1828 election Andrew Jackson 's supporters accused John Quincy Adams of being a drunken fornicator who sold virgins into white slavery , while Adams 's supporters accused Jackson of committing 18 murders .
And is n't partisanship exactly what strong democracy is about ?
The argument over the merits of partisanship has itself led to furious divisions .
Partisans welcome it , while moderates deplore it .
But the past few years have produced a body of scholarly literature that raises the discussion to a more elevated level .
And now Ronald Brownstein , one of America 's best political journalists , has produced a sparkling new book on the subject , “ The Second Civil War : How Extreme Partisanship Has Paralysed Washington and Polarised America ” .
This pile of literature points to two conclusions .
The first is that partisanship has produced plenty of benefits .
It offers voters “ a choice , not an echo ” , and stimulates interest in politics .
The 2004 election produced a turnout of 61 % — huge by American standards , and more than six percentage points higher than in the 2000 election .
But the second conclusion is that partisanship has gone too far .
America is more divided than it has been for 40 years , and concomitant divisiveness is hampering its ability to deal with pressing problems both at home and abroad .
Richard Hofstadter , one of America 's greatest political historians , once observed that each party was a hotch - potch of conflicting interests , and that the parties ' main business was to seek compromise .
That is no longer the case .
George Bush has happily governed as “ president of half the country ” ( the partisan gap in his approval rating has reached an astonishing 70 % ) .
Congress has started to act like a parliament .
Voting along partisan lines in Mr Bush 's first term ran at 90 % among House Republicans and 89 % among Senate Republicans ( the figures for Democrats were 86 % and 85 % respectively ) .
And Americans have taken to living in political ghettoes .
In 1976 , when Jimmy Carter beat Gerald Ford by two percentage points , only 27 % of Americans lived in “ landslide counties ” , where one candidate won by 20 points or more .
In 2004 , when Mr Bush beat John Kerry by a similar margin , 48 % of Americans lived in such places .
This partisan revolution is largely the result of what Mr Brownstein calls “ the great sorting out ” .
White southerners have changed their party affiliation from Democratic to Republican .
And ideologues of the left and right have divided themselves along party lines .
But the “ sorting out ” has been reinforced by political tinkering .
Gerrymandering means that a growing number of politicians represent super - majorities .
And the primary - election system means that they have every incentive to appeal to the most partisan people in their districts .
In his farewell address in 1796 , George Washington took aim at the dangers of “ faction ” — arguing that it distracts attention from important questions , weakens the government and “ agitates the community with ill - founded jealousies and false alarms ” .
But if anything this understates the dangers of today 's hyper- polarisation .
Partisanship has embittered the 49 % of the electorate who voted against Mr Bush .
It has alienated the 45 % of voters who described themselves as “ moderate ” .
It has weakened the checks and balances built into Congress ( the Senate , supposedly the more deliberative chamber , has not yet even got around to debating Mr Bush 's “ surge ” in Iraq ) .
And it has made it impossible to deal with long - term problems , such as the budget deficit and Social Security reform , which require mutual sacrifices and complex deal - making .
This is particularly dangerous when it comes to foreign policy .
The explosive divisions over the Iraq war have weakened Mr Bush , who might have corrected his strategy earlier if he had faced serious scrutiny from Congress .
And they have certainly weakened America abroad .
They not only signal to America 's enemies that the country is divided , but also suggest that policy might change dramatically with a new president .
Hyper-power and hyper - partisanship make bad bedfellows .
Sinking fires
Is there any chance that the trend can be reversed ?
Scholars such as Bill Galston of the Brookings Institution have suggested various institutional reforms , from the far - fetched ( reintroducing multi- member districts ) to the sensible ( taking redistricting out of the hands of party hacks ) .
But there are signs , as Mr Brownstein argues , that the system is beginning to fix itself .
In his second term Mr Bush learned that partisanship is a dangerous weapon — powerful when things are going well , but self - destructive when things turn against you .
His bid to reform Social Security turned into a flop because the Democrats believed they had nothing to gain from co-operation .
For their part the resurgent Democrats are likely to be less partisan than the Republicans .
The Democratic coalition is much less homogeneous than the Republican one .
Only 52 % of Democratic voters describe themselves as liberals , compared with the 77 % of Republican voters who call themselves conservatives .
The partisan fires stoked high for the past 40 years are not going to gutter out ; the two leading candidates on both sides , Rudy Giuliani and Hillary Clinton , are notably polarising figures .
But they may burn less fiercely than they did under Mr Bush .
Computers were used to simulate galaxy formation
Dwarf spheroidals are galaxies composed almost entirely of dark matter ; faint examples have been discovered orbiting the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies .
Scientists believe these dark systems were once gas - rich , but as they became satellites of larger galaxies , most of their visible matter was stripped away .
The study , reported in the journal Nature , may shed light on dark matter .
The scientists used computer simulations to uncover what might have happened 10 billion years ago as a gas - dominated dwarf galaxy hurtled into the orbit of a larger , Milky - Way - sized system .
They found the drag force , or " ram pressure " , created as a smaller galaxy moved through the more massive one would have stripped away the dwarf galaxy 's interstellar gas .
The model also showed the gravitational tug from the larger system would have wrenched away many of the dwarf system 's luminous stars .
The result , said the international team , was a galaxy where most of the visible matter was absent , leaving mainly dark matter behind .
' Grand challenge '
Stelios Kazantzidis , an astrophysicist from Stanford University and an author of the paper , said : " These results are so exciting because they are based on a combination of physical effects that has never before been postulated .
" This is one step toward a more complete understanding of the formation of structure in the Universe , which is one of the fundamental goals of astrophysics . "
The researchers believe all luminous galaxies should be surrounded by a few extremely dark matter - dominated spheroidal galaxies .
And , said Dr Kazantzidis , studying them may provide insights into mysterious dark matter .
He added : " Elucidating the nature of dark matter is one of the grandest challenges of modern cosmology .
" In the next several years , numerous experiments will attempt to detect dark matter using dwarf spherical galaxies as targets . "
Post An Apology looks at our politics and culture to see who really IS sorry , who SHOULD BE sorry , and who does n't have a CLUE !
BW Wiseman , Editor and Publisher © Post An Apology 2006 - 2007
Photo Gallery World 's Largest Man-Made Tornado
The Mercedes - Benz Museum in Stuttgart put its smoke ventilation machine to the test and -- on purpose - made an over 9 - story - high tornado .
ON TUESDAY , President Bush will be obliged , by law , to wrap his double - talking mouth around one of the most curiously persistent debates in modern geopolitics :
Whether to call a 92 - year - old genocide a “ genocide . ”
Every April 24 since 1994 , the U.S. president has delivered a proclamation honoring the people Congress has declared to be “ the victims of genocide , especially the 1 1/2 million people of Armenian ancestry who were the victims of the genocide perpetrated in Turkey between 1915 and 1923 . ”
And every year since 1994 , the U.S. president has managed to do it without once uttering the G - word .
It ’s a ritual of linguistic realpolitik in deference to the massive objections from Washington ’s important NATO ally , Turkey .
But 2007 may be the year that the cop -out finally blows up in a president ’s face .
What was once the obscure obsession of marginalized immigrants from a powerless little Caucasus country has blossomed in recent years into a force that has grown increasingly difficult to ignore .
In 2000 , the Armenian issue helped fuel one of the most expensive House races in U.S. history ; two years ago , it turned a mild - mannered career U.S. diplomat into an unlikely truth - telling martyr .
Now the question of how to address these long - ago events is having an impact on next month ’s elections in Turkey .
What ’s more , Congress appears poised to vote on a resolution urging the president to say the words “ Armenian genocide ” when observing the awkwardly named “ National Day of Remembrance of Man ’s Inhumanity to Man ” on April 24 — the date in 1915 when the Ottoman predecessors of modern Turkey launched the genocide by rounding up 250 Armenian intellectuals for eventual execution .
The resolution wo n’t take effect on Tuesday .
The Bush administration , ever mindful of its delicate relationship with Turkey ( especially with a war in Iraq next door ) , takes the bill so seriously that Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates warned in a joint letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) that it could “ harm American troops in the field . ”
The lobbying has been successful enough that the House has delayed its vote until after this year ’s April 24 commemoration .
But passage later this year would still be an enormous blow to the White House .
Why is this hairsplitting exercise over a single word — in a nonbinding resolution , no less — reverberating so strongly more than nine decades later ?
The easy answer is that there has been a confluence of mostly unrelated events .
Democrats took control of Congress in January and are spoiling for a fight , especially one that can paint Bush ’s foreign policy as hypocritical .
The president , after all , used “ genocide ” as a justification to topple Saddam Hussein before , during and after the war against his regime , and the United States has not hesitated to apply the word to the crisis in Darfur , where more than 200,000 people have died since 2003 .
Across the Atlantic , the Armenian question — especially Turkey ’s offensive laws against “ insulting Turkishness , ” which have been used to prosecute even novelists who create fictional characters questioning the government ’s denialist position — has become one of the main lines of attack against Turkey ’s bid to become the first majority - Muslim country to join the European Union .
Most of the 15 countries that have officially recognized the genocide are European ( with Switzerland and France even going so far as to pass over - the - top laws making it a crime to deny the genocide ) .
Then there was the January murder of ethnic Armenian journalist Hrant Dink in broad daylight on a busy Istanbul street .
Dink ’s assassination , at the hands of a Turkish nationalist , shocked the world and led to a wave of anxious introspection in Turkey .
Yet Ankara quickly — and disastrously — concluded that the proper response was to redouble its losing campaign to prevent foreign governments from using the G - word .
High - level Turkish ministers were dispatched to Washington over the last few months to warn that the resolution in Congress could force them to close the crucial U.S. Air Force Base at Incirlik and could imperil relations at a tipping - point moment for the Middle East .
( The exact same argument was used by President Clinton in October 2000 to convince then - House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert to withdraw at the last moment a similar bill , introduced by then - Rep. James Rogan ( R - Glendale ) , who was fighting a losing battle against Democratic challenger Adam Schiff in an $ 11 - million race . )
For Turks , the genocide is taboo for a host of reasons , but perhaps the most important is that it occurred at the time of the founding of modern Turkey under Kemal Ataturk , a man so sainted that insulting his memory is still punishable by jail .
So the battle continues , year after year .
Earlier this month , Turkish lobbyists successfully scotched a United Nations exhibit on the 13th anniversary of the Rwandan genocide because it dared refer to the “ 1 million Armenians murdered in Turkey . ”
“ Every time they try to censor discussion of the Armenian genocide , ” a New York Times editorial observed , “ they only bring wider attention to the subject and link today ’s democratic Turkey with the now distant crime . ”
Turks even helped water down a U.S. Senate resolution condemning Dink ’s murder .
Yet this flurry of recent developments does n’t adequately explain the enduring potency of the recognition issue .
For that I will defer to the most recent U.S. ambassador to Armenia , John Marshall Evans : “ In the real world , ” Evans told a packed Beverly Hilton hall of diaspora Armenians in February , “ when an official policy diverges wildly from what the broad public believes is self - evident , that policy ceases to command respect . ”
Evans , a career , keep - your - head - down foreign service type , surveyed the available literature on the events of 1915 - 23 before taking the Armenian post in September 2004 and concluded that the U.S. position of avoiding the word “ genocide ” diverged so wildly from the historical consensus that it undermined Washington ’s moral authority .
He attempted to budge the policy from behind the scenes , but when that failed he took a page from a man he knew well from his pre- and post - communist postings to Prague — former Czech President Vaclav Havel and decided to publicly “ call things by their proper names . ”
So in February 2005 , while speaking in California , Evans said : “ I will today call it the Armenian genocide .
I think we , the U.S. government , owe you , our fellow citizens , a more frank and honest way of discussing this problem . ”
For that remark he was recalled from his post so that Washington could get back to the business of evading the historical truth .
President Bush wo n’t say “ genocide ” on Tuesday .
In the words of Condoleezza Rice , the administration ’s position is that Turks and Armenians both need to “ get over their past ” without American help .
But this issue wo n’t go away .
Watching Rice ’s linguistic contortions in response to harsh congressional interrogation by Schiff , who has become the Armenians ’ great House champion , is profoundly dispiriting ; it makes one embarrassed to be American .
Of all issues subject to realpolitik compromises , mass slaughter of a national minority surely should rank at the bottom of the list .
Hitler reportedly said , just before invading Poland , “ Who , after all , speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians ? ”
It ’s a chilling reminder that forgetting is the first step in enabling future genocides .
Yet Hitler was eventually proved wrong .
No temporal power is strong enough to erase the eternal resonance of truth .
*
matt.welch@latimes.com
Washington
“ He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster , ” Nietzsche said .
“ And if you gaze for long into an abyss , the abyss gazes also into you . ”
We ’re gazing into the abyss all right , and Blackwater is gazing back .
Besides having an army for hire , brave kids who are paid to fight so that most Americans are not personally touched by war , we have the real mercenaries .
And they ’re a spooky cadre , careening outside the laws of Iraq , the United States and the military .
President Bush continues to preach that we must defeat the “ dark ideology ” of extremists with “ a more hopeful vision . ”
But the compromises W. makes to slog on in Iraq , be it with warlords , dictators or out - of - control contractors , are spreading a dark stain on America ’s image .
Imagine if your wallpaper can light up !
And when it ’s not lit , it ’s totally indistinguishable and looks just like a normal wallpaper .
That is what designer Jonas Samson has come up with – though I ’m short of details of how exactly does it work beneath the surface .
Related posts : Wallpaper Design Awards
Wallpaper , the art / design magazine that I ’m sure many of us are familiar with , have just ...
Cool Desktop Wallpaper
These desktop wallpapers are n’t quite like the typical pretty ones – more than being just ...
The Inside Light Cinco Design had done a rather intriguing project .
The premise is this – inside every ...
Arc Light – Troja
If you ’re looking for a arch - shaped floor lamp for your home , and you ’re thinking “ It ’s ...
It looks like the logo for a cool new Web 2.0 company and sounds like the name of a pill to stop geriatric incontinence but Vivoleum is a lot more .
Postioned , by the non-evil good guys at ExxonMobil , as a renewable non-polluting energy source , Vivoleum is a major step towards ending American energy dependence .
ExxonMobil , hoping to move into more sustainable products , created Vivoleum though a new technique that mimicks the natural process that created crude oil millions of years ago .
Details remain scketchy , but Exxon is apparently using billions of pounds of organic matter that would otherwise simply be dumped into the earth and processing that matter to make oil .
The ambitious plan was announced at the Go-Expo Energy Conference in Canada and the Canucks were floored by the announcement .
Click here for more information and pictures from the event .
Thanks go to Matt Rietman for the story .
Updated : Video Tribute to Reggie Spanglehart Watts , the first ExxonMobil employee processed into Vivoleum .
Thanks Reggie , your sacrifice has made the world a brighter place for all of us .
I have been so moved by this story that I hope that the good folks at Vivoleum sell some of the Reggie Watts candles in the near future .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The early posts on this blog refer to ways to clean out the junk in your life , to reduce your debt and to get to a better place .
With the exception of working too much sometimes , I 've succeeded in achieving my goals .
I wish you luck in achieving yours .
I now use this blog to share what I find interesting .
Do the sounds of our native languages affect how we hear music and other non-language sounds "
A team of American and Japanese researchers has found evidence that native languages influence the way people group non-language sounds into rhythms .
People in different cultures perceive different rhythms in identical sequences of sound , according to Drs. John R. Iversen and Aniruddh D. Patel of The Neuroscience Institute in San Diego and Dr. Kengo Ohgushi of the Kyoto City University of Arts in Kyoto , Japan .
This provides evidence that exposure to certain patterns of speech can influence one 's perceptions of musical rhythms .
In future work , they believe they may even be able to predict how people will hear rhythms based on the structures of their own languages .
The researchers will present their findings Nov. 30 at the Fourth Joint Meeting of the Acoustical Society of America ( ASA ) and the Acoustical Society of Japan ( ASJ ) , which will be held at the Sheraton Waikiki and Royal Hawaiian Hotels in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Researchers have traditionally tested how individuals group rhythms by playing simple sequences of tones .
For example , listeners are presented with tones that alternate in loudness ( ...loud -soft-loud-soft ... ) or duration ( ...long -short - long - short ... ) and are asked to indicate their perceived grouping .
Two principles established a century ago , and confirmed in numerous studies since , are widely accepted : a louder sound tends to mark the beginning of a group , and a lengthened sound tends to mark the end of a group .
These principles have come to be viewed as universal laws of perception , underlying the rhythms of both speech and music .
However , the cross-cultural data have come from a limited range of cultures , such as American , Dutch and French .
This new study suggests one of those so - called " universal " principles , perceiving a longer sound at the end of a group , may be merely a byproduct of English and other Western languages .
In the experiments Iversen , Patel and Ohgushi performed , native speakers of Japanese and native speakers of American English agreed with the principle that they heard repeating " loud - soft " groups .
However , the listeners showed a sharp difference when it came to the duration principle .
English - speaking listeners most often grouped perceived alternating short and long tones as " short - long . "
Japanese - speaking listeners , albeit with more variability , were more likely to perceive the tones as " long - short . "
Since this finding was surprising and contradicted a common belief of perception , the researchers replicated and confirmed it with listeners from different parts of Japan .
To uncover why these differences exist , one clue may come from understanding how musical rhythms begin in the two cultures .
For example , if most phrases in American music start with a short - long pattern , and most phrases in Japanese music start with a long - short pattern , then listeners might learn to use these patterns as cues for how to group them .
To test this idea , the researchers examined phrases in American and Japanese children 's songs .
They examined 50 songs per culture , and for each beginning phrase they computed the duration ratio of the first note to the second note and counted how often phrases started with a short - long pattern versus other possible patterns such as long - short , or equal duration .
They found American songs show no bias to start phrases with a short - long pattern .
But Japanese songs show a bias to start phrases with a long - short pattern , consistent with their perceptual findings .
One basic difference between English and Japanese is word order .
In English , short grammatical , or " function , " words such as " the , " " a , " and " to , " come at the beginning of phrases and combine with longer meaningful , or " content , " words such as a nouns or verbs .
Function words are typically reduced in speech , having short duration and low stress .
This creates frequent linguistic chunks that start with a short element and end with a long one , such as " to eat , " and " a big desk . "
This fact about English has long been exploited by poets in creating the English language 's most common verse form , iambic pentameter .
Japanese , in contrast , places function words at the ends of phrases .
Common function words in Japanese include " case markers , " or short sounds which can indicate whether a noun is a subject , direct object , indirect object , etc .
For example , in the sentence " John - san - ga Mari - san - ni hon - wo agemashita , " ( " John gave a book to Mari " ) the suffixes " ga , " " ni " and " wo " are case markers indicating that John is the subject , Mari is the indirect object and " hon " ( book ) is the direct object .
Placing function words at the ends of phrases creates frequent chunks that start with a long element and end with a short one , which is just the opposite of the rhythm of short phrases in English .
In addition to potentially uncovering a new link between language and music , the researchers ' work demonstrates there is a need for cross-cultural research when it comes to testing general principles of auditory perception .
Source : American Institute of Physics
Explore further Scholars produce massive new cross-cultural Buddhist dictionary
Home » Industry Watch TPB Raking in Millions
It 's all coming together - in Switzerland and Israel .
Get It
Try It STOCKHOLM ( SvD ) --
The file sharing site The Pirate Bay are operating with revenues far exceeding previous estimates .
The most expensive ads cost € 20,000 for a single day .
And that 's only for the Scandinavian market .
With ad revenues from the entire planet the bottom line is even more attractive .
The money is channeled through a company in Switzerland sharing an address with another company specialising in tax planning .
The controversial file sharing site The Pirate Bay is far from the innocent hobby project cofounders Fredrik Neij and Gottfrid Svartholm want people to think .
The police investigation of The Pirate Bay is about violations of copyright law because the file sharing site helps Internet users share files with copyright protected material .
The police will investigate how ad revenues are managed and if tax is paid .
If the prosecutor can show that the site is being run commercially the suspects risk a harder punishment than if it 's just a hobby project .
' The authors of the law spoke of one year in prison .
The maximum penalty is two years ' , says prosecutor Håkan Roswall .
The past four months the Swedish company Eastpoint Media have sold ads for The Pirate Bay for an average of € 60,000 per month , according to sales manager Luar Busó .
The police raid on 31 May resulted in even more visitors to the site and prices for ads went up accordingly .
' The biggest ads today cost € 20,000 and so far we 've sold four ' , says Luar Busó .
Eastpoint sell ads for The Pirate Bay in the Scandinavian market .
File sharing is most widespread in Sweden where many people have broadband .
But The Pirate Bay runs in twenty five different languages and gets visitors from all corners of the planet .
In other countries other ads are shown .
The total revenues are therefore much more than what Eastpoint arrange .
Eastpoint keep a bit of the revenues and then put the rest in an account with Random Media who in turn pay the money to the owners of The Pirate Bay .
Random Media have a telephone number in Stockholm but an address in Geneva Switzerland .
At the same address can be found Geneva Management Group ( GMG ) .
This latter company specialise in tax planning and estate management .
They help corporations and private individuals move money to low tax countries with strict bank confidentiality where authorities can't control them .
GMG refuse to reveal their relationship with Random Media but they do offer a telephone number to Random Media 's representative Oded Daniel .
Daniel works for Target Point in Tel Aviv Israel .
In 1999 Daniel received an international patent for a technical system for selling ads on the Internet .
When SvD rang Oded Daniel he refused to reveal what Random Media are and why the company have an address in Switzerland but a telephone number in Stockholm .
And he refused to reveal where the ad revenues for The Pirate Bay disappear to .
' Who said I take care of the money ?
There are a lot of bit torrent sites .
They all work the same way .
Go after them instead ' , said Daniel .
Gottfrid Svartholm refused to answer questions about these new revelations .
Instead he referred SvD to cofounder Fredrik Neij who just happens to be out of the country and inaccessible .
See Also
Industry Watch : TPB Update
Published online 24 April 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070423-6
News
Unseen particles may confuse climate models .
Clouds have unseen portions that stretch for many kilometres .
AddStyle
Clouds are bigger than they look , according to new measurements by atmospheric scientists in Israel and the United States .
They say that clouds are surrounded by a ' twilight zone ' of diffuse particles , invisible to the naked eye , extending for tens of kilometres around the cloud 's visible portion .
These vast , sparse haloes of droplets may have been overlooked in atmospheric studies , the researchers say .
And they think that this could have skewed attempts to understand how clouds influence climate .
Clouds are one of the biggest sources of uncertainty in efforts to measure and predict global warming .
They have two opposite effects : increasing warming by absorbing heat radiated from the planet 's surface ( which is why cloudy nights are warmer ) , while offsetting this by reflecting sunlight back into space from cloud tops .
Most atmospheric scientists now think that clouds have an overall global cooling effect .
Measurements of warming trends therefore have to take into account whether the skies are cloudy or not , and model forecasts of future warming may hinge on whether they predict more or less cloudiness .
Cloudy distinction
“ Right now there is a discrepancy between what global models predict for aerosol effects and what satellites measure . ”
Lorraine Remer
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Such modelling studies typically try to distinguish between cloudy and cloud - free regions of the atmosphere .
But the new results show that this distinction is less clear - cut than has been thought , say Ilan Koren of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , and his colleagues , who publish their discovery in Geophysical Research Letters1 .
Clouds are formed when floating solid particles called aerosols — dust , for example — act as ' seeds ' on which water droplets grow .
Aerosols reflect light , and do so more strongly as they grow by accumulating water .
The large droplets in clouds reflect most visible light , which is what makes clouds look white and opaque .
Koren and his colleagues first demonstrated that it is relatively easy to see from digital photographs that clouds are surrounded by an invisible haze , made up of these water - coated , or humidified , aerosols .
If the parts of the photo containing visible white stuff are masked out , the surrounding haze comes into view .
This haze extends far further than anyone has ever imagined .
" People may have seen these extended haloes anecdotally , " says Koren 's colleague Lorraine Remer of the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland .
" But thanks to a new generation of instruments , the satellite observations have got much better , and we can look on larger scales , with more sensitivity and at finer resolution . "
Satellite images of clouds over the Atlantic Ocean show that the sky 's reflectance — a measure of how much humidified aerosol it contains — falls very gradually with increasing distance from the edge of a cloud , and is still declining at least 20 - 30 kilometres away , Koren 's team says .
Into the twilight zone
To study these twilight zones further , the researchers studied several years ' worth of images collected by a global network of ground - based lightmeters called AERONET , usually used to ðmonitor the brightness of the Sun .
Sudden dips in the light detected by these instruments are automatically logged as indicating the passage of a cloud .
Koren and colleagues discovered that it can take well over an hour for light levels to recover fully after a cloud has passed , indicating that their haloes are very broad .
ADVERTISEMENT
Not all clouds will have a big twilight zone , the researchers say .
For example , the halo might be tightly reined in around the sharp - edged white cumulus clouds that form when moist , warm air rises and cools .
But they estimate that for typical global cloud coverage , the halo could encompass as much as two - thirds of the sky usually classed as cloud - free .
Remer says that some climate models might already include these extended cloud haloes — they should ' grow ' them automatically if they do a good job of capturing the humidity variations of the air .
But other , simpler , models might neglect the effect .
As a result , Remer suspects that the overall cooling effect of aerosols may have been underestimated .
But she admits that it is too early to say whether that is really the case , or how significant an impact it might have on climate predictions .
" Right now there is a discrepancy between what global models predict for aerosol effects and what satellites measure , " she says .
" This might be part of the reason for that . "
Visit our cloudhasaninvisible_h.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
PwdHash generates theft - resistant passwords .
The PwdHash browser extension invisibly generates these passwords when it is installed in your browser .
You can activate this protection by pressing F2 before you type your password , or by choosing passwords that start with @@ .
If you do n't want to install PwdHash on your computer , you can generate the passwords right here .
Ever noticed how you go to the store to just pick up one thing , then by the time you get back to the checkout aisle , you have five or six things in your cart and a bigger bill than you could have possibly anticipated ?
This happens over and over again because department stores ( and let ’s not forget that grocery stores use many of the same techniques ) use an array of techniques to get you to pick up these items .
By itself , each technique is n’t very strong – it ’s the use of them in combination that is powerful .
Here ’s a list of fifteen of the best tricks .
Following the list ( yep , way down there ) , I ’ll give ten ways to combat these techniques so you can get in and get out with your finances still intact .
1. Shopping carts .
Most department store customers enter the store only intending to buy an item or two , but the shopping carts are right there by the entrance and oh would n’t it be convenient to have it so I can lean on it a bit while walking around and also put my stuff in it ?
The cart has a huge bin compared to the size of most items for sale in the store , making it psychologically easy to toss in an item you do n’t need – after all , there ’s room for plenty more , right ?
2. Desirable departments are far away from the entrance .
Most of the items I go to a department store to buy , like light bulbs and laundry detergent , are located many , many aisles from the entrance .
This means I spend my time walking by a lot of consumer goods on my way to find the item I actually want .
Since these consumer goods are effectively marketed to me , there ’s a good likelihood that I ’ll spy something that I do n’t necessarily need and toss it in the cart .
3 . The toy section is far , far , far away from the entrance .
Naturally , if I take my son to the store , he wants to visit the toy section .
He gets all excited and starts shouting “ Ball ! Ball ! ” to me when we go in , because he remembers the enormous plastic balls in the toy section .
I tell him that if he ’s good , we ’ll go look at the balls , and at the end of the trip , I usually make my way over there .
What do I see ?
Lots of children in that area , which means that there are parents that follow their children .
4. Impulse - oriented items are near the checkouts .
Stores stock the latest DVD releases and “ froth ” magazines there , along with overpriced beverages and candy .
Why ?
Because people leaving the store are thirsty , and they ’re also going to be standing in line for a bit , which is the perfect place to hook them with some entertainment options .
5 . The most expensive versions of a product are the ones at eye height .
Take a look sometime at the arrangement of different choices for a particular product , such as laundry detergent .
Almost every time , the most expensive options per unit are placed at eye height , so that you see them first as soon as you enter the aisle .
The bulk options and better deals are usually on the bottom shelf .
6 . Items that are n’t on sale are sometimes placed as though they are on sale ( without saying the word “ sale ” ) .
I noticed this over and over again with diapers ; the department store would display a rack of them with a huge sign above them displaying the price – but it would be the same price I paid for them a week ago .
Unsurprisingly , the diapers displayed like that were always the most expensive , “ premium ” diapers .
7. Commodity items ( like socks ) are surrounded by non-commodity items ( like shirts and jeans ) .
If I ’m just looking to buy some new socks , I have to traverse through a number of racks full of different types of clothing in the clothing section just to reach them .
Why ?
If my mind is already open to the idea of buying clothing , I would be more likely to look at other clothing items .
8. Slickly - packaged items alternate with less slickly - packaged items .
Look carefully at an aisle of , say , potato chips .
The ones with the bright and slick packaging are more expensive , in general , which is n’t surprising .
But notice that there generally is n’t a section of just inexpensive chips – in most stores , they ’re sandwiched in between more expensive items .
If there is a section of just inexpensive items , they ’re down by your feet ( think about the inexpensive , bagged cereals at your local supermarket ) .
9 . Stop , stop , stop .
You only add items to your cart if you stop , right ?
So stores are designed to maximize the number of stops you have to make : aisles in which only two carts can fit , colorful and attractive layouts , escalators , and my favorite of all , sample vendors .
Even if it ’s not conscious to you , every time you stop moving in a store , you increase your chances of putting something into your cart .
10 . Staple items are placed in the middle of aisles , nonessential and overpriced items near the end .
Why ?
If you enter an aisle to get a “ staple ” item ( i.e. , a high - traffic item ) , you have to go by the other items twice ; once on the way in and once on the way out .
That gives these items two chances to make their pitch at you with their packaging – and increases the chances that something will find its way into your cart .
11 . Prices are chosen to make comparison math difficult .
Instead of selling the 100 ounce detergent for $ 6 and the 200 ounce detergent for $ 11 ( making it easier to figure out the better deal ) , they sell the 100 ounce for $ 5.99 and the 200 ounce for $ 10.89 .
Hey , look , they ’re basically the same , right , because ten is half of five ?
Not even close .
12 . Stuff in bins is n’t always a bargain .
Higher - end stores will sometimes put items in “ bins ” to emulate the bargains found at cheaper stores , but the prices are still quite high – they just use the visual cue of a “ bargain store ” to make you think it is a bargain .
13 . High markup items are made to look prestigious .
If you see something in a glass case that has lots of space around it , your gut reaction is to believe that it is valuable and prestigious to own , and for many people it can be attractive like a light to a moth .
The truth is that these items typically have tremendous markup – you ’re literally just buying an idea , not a product .
14 .
The most profitable department is usually the first one you run into .
Ever noticed that at Younkers , JC Penney , Kohl ’s , and such stores , the cosmetic department is front and center ?
That ’s because it ’s very profitable , and by putting it in a place where people walk by time and time again , they ’re more prone to making a purchase on an item with a very big markup .
15 . Restrooms and customer services are usually right by the exit or as far from the exit as possible .
Why ?
If you need to use either one in the middle of a shopping journey , you have to walk by a lot of merchandise to reach the needed service , thus increasing your chances for an impulse buy .
Want to see more ?
Look at this presentation on the art of department store layouts to get an idea of how much thought goes into making sure you buy more , particularly those items that are marked up a lot .
I did n’t even get into some of the more complex techniques , such as sensory marketing , which are more subtle and harder to avoid .
How Can I Fight Back ?
Is there any wonder why people end up buying more than they need , or buying sizes that are poor deals ?
With an array of techniques at their disposal , large box retailers can make a mint .
Had enough ?
Here are ten things you can do to fight back against these techniques .
1 . Do n’t use a shopping cart unless you need it .
A shopping cart , most of the time , is just a place to put stuff you do n’t need .
If you ’re carrying it , you ’re a lot more likely to consider whether or not it ’s a worthwhile purchase .
2 . Make a shopping list and stick to it .
A shopping list makes you focus on the items you intended to buy ; without it , you are much more prone to wandering and stumbling into “ great buys ” that you do n’t really need .
3 . Look at nothing but the prices and sizes .
That ’s all the information you really need – everything else is marketing .
Find the one that has the best price for its size , get that one , and move on .
4 . Start at the back and work towards the front .
If this is an option at all for you based on the store layout , do it .
When you go in , head directly for the furthest item , then progress back towards the checkout aisles .
If you do it the other way , you ’re prone to walk more slowly and tiredly towards the front after your shopping is done , leaving you open to lots of impulse buys on the way .
5 . Always look at the bottom shelf first .
If you ’ve found the section you want , start looking at the bottom shelf first .
This is usually where the better per-unit deals are .
6 . Do n’t stop unless you ’re actively selecting an item .
Displays are designed to beg you to stop for a moment and just look , which is often enough to get you to pick out the item .
Even if something looks interesting , keep walking … you can study it as you go past and make up your mind later about the item .
7 . Never go by an item twice unless absolutely necessary .
If you go down an aisle , start at one end and continue all the way out the other .
Walking by an item once lets it sink into your short - term memory , giving just a hint of familiarity when you walk by it again , sometimes just enough to convince you to buy it .
8 . Carry a pocket calculator – or know how to use the one on your cell phone .
Do the math yourself to find out what the best buy is , because stores try to choose numbers that make drawing false conclusions quite easy .
9 . If you do n’t know for sure that it is a good deal , do n’t buy because you think it is a good deal .
Stores use all kinds of visual cues to make you think something is a bargain when it ’s really not ( like the bin trick mentioned above ) .
Do n’t buy anything because it ’s a “ deal ” unless you ’re sure that it really is an excellent bargain – just walk away .
10 .
At the checkout , rethink everything you put in your cart – and do n’t hesitate to hand an item to the cashier and say you changed your mind .
Many people seem to have a guilt , or obligation , to buy an item that they ’ve put into their cart .
Do n’t .
You ’re the customer – you have the right to choose whether to buy .
If you find something you do n’t want to buy , tell the cashier and do n’t buy it .
The intellectual cowards over at the head office of the St. Thomas University adminstration should be ashamed .
They have shown themselves to be contemptible weaklings without the guts or the will to hear viewpoints they may disagree with .
And this institution is supposed to be a vanguard of academic freedom ?
For shame .
What am I talking about ?
I 'm referring to St. Thomas ' recent decision to withhold an invitation to Nobel Peace Prize laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu
St. Thomas never invited Tutu to speak , but declined to approve an invitation as part of the PeaceJam , an event the school has hosted for the past four years .
PeaceJam officials have now arranged to have the South African archbishop and activist speak at its April event , which will be held at Metropolitan State University .
St. Thomas officials said that local Jewish leaders they consulted felt that Tutu had made remarks offensive to the Jewish people in a 2002 speech about Israeli policy toward the Palestinians .
Lee Bollinger ,
those
Israeli Jew , Palestinian Arab can live amicably side by side in a secure peace .
And , as Cannon Ateek kept underscoring , a secure peace built on justice and equity .
These two peoples are God ’s chosen and beloved , looking in their face back to a common ancestor Abraham and confessing belief in the one creator God of salaam and shalom .
I give thanks for all that I have received as a Christian from the teachings of God ’s people the Jews .
When we were opposing the vicious system of apartheid , which claimed that what invested people with worth was a biological irrelevance – skin color – we turned to the Jewish Torah , which asserted that what gave people their infinite worth was the fact that they were created in the image of God .
I with many other Nobel Peace Laureates .
I , after taking counsel with the then Bishop of Jerusalem , am a member of the Board of the Shimon Peres peace center in Tel Aviv .
I am a patron of the Holocaust center in Capetown .
I believe that Israel has a right to secure borders , internationally recognized , in a land assured of territorial integrity and with acknowledged sovereignty as an independent country .
That the Arab nations made a bad mistake in refusing to recognize the existence of sovereign and in pledging to work for her destruction .
It was a short sighted policy that led to Israel ’s nervousness , her high state of alert and military preparedness to guarantee her continued existence .
This was understandable .
What was no so understandable , what was not justifiable was what Israel did to another people to guarantee her existence .
I have been very deeply distressed in all my visits to the Holy Land , how so much of what was taking place there reminded me so much of what used to happen to us Blacks in Apartheid South Africa .
how incredibly fucking normal , sane and mainstream his ideas are
Columbia University just made St. Thomas look like a bunch of backwater bush - league pussies .
Nobody likes Ahmadinejad ; that 's not the point .
The point is the free exchange of ideas .
If you do n't like what somebody says you do n't try to censor them , you use your freedom of speech to elucidate your opposition to said ideas .
The president of Columbia , may have been a dick to Ahmadinejad , but at least he let the motherfucker speak .
St. Thomas ' president , the Rev. Dennis Dease , wo n't even let a fellow man of the cloth on campus .
What a fucking pussy .
His lame - ass excuse " Teh Joos do n't like one speech he made dis one time ! " is full of shit .
What he means is " Some extreme - rightwing Zionist oppressor Jews do n't want nobody talking shit about the way they fuck over A - rabs in Palestine . "
There , fixed it for you , Dease .
( You can suck dees nuts
In fact , Dease has been getting a lot of mail from Jewish groups saying , " Let this guy speak !
We 're not anti-free speech !
Why 'd you listen toassholes ? ! " [ [
I 'm paraphrasing in case you have n't noticed ]
]
So , you might be wondering what crazy - ass shit this Tutu guy was spewing that pissed off the hard - right fascist / zionist types .
Well , he said the most offensive thing you can possibly say to a warmonger : " Peace is possible .
" Oh man , that is some whack shit !
Who let this guy in here ?
Then he reveals his true hatred for teh Joos :
He calls teh Joos " God 's people . "
We 're clearly dealing with a loose cannon here , folks .
Seriously , that 's what the whole speech is like .
He criticizes the occupation of Palestinian lands , but he clearly has problems with the Israeli government , not the Jewish people .
This guy sees echoes of Apartheid in Israel .
He was there .
He expresses viewpoints not too far from middle - of - the - road Democrats in America .
When did expressing disagreement with a foreign government become a censorable offense ?
Oh that 's right ; when you 're a boot - licking fascist who wants to kiss the ass of future dictator George Bush .
I guess Dease thinks he can become the Tsar of Education under a future King George .
( Or whatever .
Maybe he 's just a fucking idiot , I do n't know . )
The scary thing here is not the shoddy treatment of a Nobel laureate .
He 'll speak on another campus , one not controlled by Nazis .
He 'll be fine .
No , the scary thing here is .
If this is how a Nobel laureate is treated by The Powers That Be , how are the rest of the us going to be treated when the other jackboot falls and we 're under martial law ?
Tutu 's beliefs are almost exactly in line with mainstream Democrats , Independents and even many Republicans .
The main difference is that he's an archbishop , an Apatheid survivor and a international icon .
Where the fuck does that leave the rest of us ?
Labels : America , Bush , censorship , elite , fascism , fundamentalism , hypocrisy , idiots , middle east , Minnesota , neocons , oppression , protest , religion , scandal
The administration 's warrantless wiretapping program looks set to be the subject of renewed and bitter wrangling between Congress and the White House when lawmakers return to Washington in September .
And this upcoming battle promises to be far more complex than a run-of - the - mill dispute over an agriculture bill , say , or tax legislation .
The law in this area is unusually dense and difficult .
The underlying activity is classified .
One of the key administration figures dealing with the issue is Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , an official in whom many in Congress have little trust .
" Essentially , it 's a difficult situation to have a rational conversation on the merits , " says Benjamin Wittes , an expert on national security law at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
The expanded snooping powers of the National Security Agency ( NSA ) have been controversial ever since they became public in 2006 .
To critics , the program opens the door to the possibility of dangerous infringement on the civil liberties of US citizens .
To supporters , they 're a necessary tool against terrorism in an era of cellphones and Internet communications .
At issue now is the temporary update to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) passed earlier this month , just before Congress fled Capitol Hill for its summer break .
This update was made necessary when the secretive judicial body that oversees the wiretapping , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , banned eavesdropping on foreigners whose communications were being routed through the United States .
The legal update , which expires in six months , allows the NSA to resume siphoning such communications .
In one of its key changes , US intelligence no longer needs to know that at least one of the parties to a communication is abroad prior to eavesdropping .
It needs only to " reasonably believe " that one person is off US soil .
In the weeks since this bill 's passage some Democrats have begun to regret the manner in which it was approved .
They feel the vote was held in haste , with summer break looming .
And they 've started to worry that by changing just a few words in a massive piece of law they 've opened the door to practices they did not intend .
Some civil liberties experts believe that the US may now be able to gather a wide range of information from US citizens on home soil without a warrant as long as it bears upon the monitoring of a person thought to be overseas .
Nor do many lawmakers like the fact that Attorney General Alberto Gonzales is one of the key officials who will determine how the new rule is put into practice .
The bottom line :
The vote will likely be revisited .
In a letter to House Judiciary Committee chairman Rep. John Conyers ( D ) of Michigan , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D ) of California wrote that " Many provisions of this legislation are unacceptable , and , although the bill has a six - month sunset clause , I do not believe the American people will want to wait that long before corrective action is taken . "
In addition , Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D ) of Vermont , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , on Aug. 20 threatened to pursue contempt charges against the administration over its reluctance to produce documents outlining the eavesdropping 's legal foundation .
Senator Leahy subpoenaed the NSA , the National Security Council , and the offices of the president and vice president for these papers in late June .
They are necessary , he says , so that the Senate can understand better exactly what it 's voting for in regard to warrantless wiretapping .
White House counsel Fred Fielding has asked for more time to respond .
In an Aug. 20 letter to Leahy , however , he noted that the White House had identified a " core set " of these papers that it would likely withhold under a claim of executive privilege .
Lawyers for Vice President Dick Cheney , for instance , indicated that they had found more than 40 " Top Secret / Codeword Presidential authorizations " and memoranda dealing with the issue .
" When the Senate comes back in session , I 'll bring it up before the committee , " Leahy said at a press conference .
" I prefer cooperation to contempt .
Right now , there 's no question that they are in contempt of a valid order of the Congress . "
In regard to the subpoenaed documents , both sides have strong arguments for their positions , notes one legal expert .
Congress is directly legislating on the subject .
In fact , eavesdropping legislation " is a critically important item on the congressional agenda , " notes Carl Tobias , a law professor at the University of Richmond .
Yet courts have generally favored claims of executive privilege when they deal with issues of national security .
And any move to hold the White House in contempt of Congress over the withheld documents would be slow going .
" It 's hard to see that moving very far even this year , " says Mr. Tobias .
SNL 's Weekend Update : ' creeped out ' by Craig
Amy Poehler and Seth Meyers of Saturday Night Live 's " Weekend Update " took on Senator Larry Craig 's refusal to retire after a judge upheld his guilty plea in a public lewdness case .
" I 'm not creeped out that you tried to have gay sex in an airport bathroom , " Poehler remarked , " I 'm creeped out that you tried to have any sex in an airport bathroom .
I do n't even like to go to the bathroom in an airport bathroom .
I mean , really . "
" And , really ?
You oppose gay marriage " Meyers continued .
" What ?
You think marriage takes the sizzle out of it ?
Or are you worried that if gay marriage is legalized they 'll be fewer gay men looking for sex in airport bathrooms ? "
The segment wraps up with a contrast of Craig 's lifestyle with his various policy position .
" So in conclusion , you 're gay , but a married Republican , you 're going to vote for anti-gay legislation , but you solicit gay sex in airport bathroom , " Poehler observes .
" Wow , you do have a wide stance . "
The following video is from NBC's Saturday Night Live , broadcast on October 06 , 2007
News Release 07 -120
Can a Robot Get High School Students Interested in Studying Science and Engineering in College ?
A team from the University of Pennsylvania has found the answer is ' yes , ' if the students design and build the robot themselves
Examples of students ' robots , ready for action on the obstacle course .
September 11 , 2007
This material is available primarily for archival purposes .
Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date ; please see current contact information at media contacts .
In a paper presented last week at the American Society of Mechanical Engineers conference in Las Vegas , researchers from the University of Pennsylvania outlined an effective way of getting students interested and excited about science and engineering -- teaching them how to design , build and operate robots .
This approach is a departure from traditional science and engineering education methods , and it suggests a new way of getting students attracted to these fields early in their academic lives .
Over the past three summers , the University of Pennsylvania ’s Department of Mechanical Engineering and Applied Mechanics has developed and taught a three - week robotics summer course as part of the School of Engineering and Applied Science ’s Summer Academy of Applied Science and Technology ( SAAST ) The robotics camp , which was developed with funding by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , attracted more than 20 students from across the world and from as far away as Turkey , China and the United Kingdom to Philadelphia .
NSF Principal Investigator Professor Vijay Kumar , doctoral students David J. Cappelleri and James F. Keller , and technical staff Terry Kientz and Peter Szczesniak designed an intensive program for the students that immediately got them into a robotics lab to learn what robots are capable of and how to build them .
Throughout the three weeks , the students heard lectures from leading robotics experts and toured factories that use advanced robots .
The students were also divided into teams and spent time each day designing and building their own robots .
Because robots are complex systems that integrate several different fields , including computer science , mechanical engineering and electronics , they are a good example of applied science and engineering .
They can also be exciting and fun to build and operate .
Robot design competitions are being used at the high school and undergraduate levels to help students understand how these fields can be used to produce real - world applications .
This top - down approach to science and engineering education is the reverse of how these fields are usually introduced to students .
The authors note that typically students must go through years of learning theoretical concepts in mathematics , physics , and other fields before they are allowed to think about putting these concepts into practice .
Many students , the authors believe , lose interest in these fields because they must wait so long before experiencing the excitement and creativity that comes from finding solutions to intriguing challenges .
To solve this problem , the authors state in the paper that they set out to create an approach to teaching science and engineering where " students are introduced first to the applications and systems concepts which then leads to the teaching of fundamentals . "
At the end of the camp , the teams ' robots competed against each other by navigating an obstacle course that tested how well the robots could maneuver and pick up and store various objects such as plastic eggs and hockey pucks .
The competition not only gave the students the opportunity to put what they had learned into action , but also taught them how to work as a group to solve complicated challenges that have many possible solutions .
The authors say that some of the participants from the first camp are now studying engineering in college , including three former participants who are enrolled at Penn .
" This approach to teaching forces us , as educators , to develop lectures and homework exercises tailored to capstone projects as opposed to creating projects that support lectures in the classroom , " Kumar said .
- NSF -
View Video
The SAAST student teams ' robots go through a challenging obstacle course .
( no audio )
Credit and Larger Version
View Video
Students had three weeks to learn enough about robotics to design and build their own .
Credit and Larger Version
Media Contacts
Dana W. Cruikshank , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-8070 , email : dcruiksh@nsf.gov
Program Contacts
C.S. George Lee , NSF , ( 703 ) 292-8930 , email : csglee@nsf.gov
Co-Investigators
Vijay Kumar , GRASP Laboratory , University of Pennsylvania , ( 215 ) 898-5814 , email : kumar@grasp.upenn.edu
The U.S. National Science Foundation propels the nation forward by advancing fundamental research in all fields of science and engineering .
NSF supports research and people by providing facilities , instruments and funding to support their ingenuity and sustain the U.S. as a global leader in research and innovation .
With a fiscal year 2020 budget of $ 8.3 billion , NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges , universities and institutions .
Each year , NSF receives more than 40,000 competitive proposals and makes about 11,000 new awards .
Those awards include support for cooperative research with industry , Arctic and Antarctic research and operations , and U.S. participation in international scientific efforts .
Get News Updates by Email
Connect with us online
NSF website : nsf.gov
NSF News : nsf.gov/news
For News Media : nsf.gov/news/newsroom
Statistics : nsf.gov/statistics /
Awards database : nsf.gov/awardsearch /
Follow us on social
Twitter : twitter.com/NSF and twitter.com/NSFspox
Facebook : facebook.com/US.NSF
Instagram : instagram.com/nsfgov
As reviewed by The Car Family
This is not going to be a great year for new cars so if you can get a great deal on a 2007 model you may want to move now .
There are essentially only a handful of vehicles that can stir the credit juices and most of them ignore the current cost of fuel .
Aston Martin DBS
We have snuck some rides in the Aston Martin and found them underwhelming for the price .
Good looking to be sure , but resale value could cost you plenty .
Audi
This company is rapidly becoming the most aggressive European firm delivering well - priced products that impress both in driving dynamics and interior comforts .
The A4 , one of our favorites , gets larger , thankfully , and comes with a variety of engines from the base 200 horsepower 2.0 - liter turbo four to the 3.2 - liter V - 6 with 264 horsepower .
Transmission choices consist of a six - speed manual , six - speed automatic , and CVT .
We found the CVT excellent giving us over 35 mpg on the highway .
As usual , you can order Quattro all - wheel drive .
Starting around $ 30,000 .
Audi also brought to market a new TT Coupe and Roadster that are better in every way .
However the biggest sound out of Audi is that of the overpriced Porsche 911 hitting the obsolete pile .
The R8 is Audi ’s mid-engine sports car complete with a 420 hp engine that gets to 60 mph in just over four seconds .
Terrific handling , and much more civilized than the Porsche .
Better looking too .
And you can even get a rear view camera to help with parking this peach .
Accompanying these outstanding new products is a RS 4 Cabriolet .
With the same 420 hp at 7,800 rpm engine that comes in the R8 plus a S5 two - door coupe featuring a 354 hp 4.2 FSI V8 engine or a 265 hp 3.2 FSI V6 engine .
Bentley Brooklands
The Bentley Brooklands coupe has 530 horsepower derived from a twin - turbocharged 6.75 liter V8 , but do n’t bother looking for the 550 because , despite a $ 340,000 plus price tag , they have all been spoken for .
The sexy Continental GT gets more power , is less expensive , and gets more looks , but it does n’t have the space or the collector interest .
BMW
The 1 - Series is in the house .
Smaller , bubbly , and fast , this new BMW comes with some dynamic engines , including the possibility of the twin - turbo 300 horsepower powerplant .
Look for several versions from convertible to coupe to sedan in the coming years .
The M3 finally gets a V8 and everything else BMW has more power .
Forget the horsepower numbers , they ca n’t begin to explain the spine - tingling , addicting , and expensive pleasure these driving machines provide .
Pay the man .
Buick
The Enclave is a loaded crossover Buick that shares its platform for the well regarded GMC Acadia and Saturn Outlook .
It comes loaded with features such as xenon headlights and can carry eight adults .
You get your choice of all wheel or front wheel drive and it is quite elegant for the price .
Meanwhile , Buick is also bringing its LaCrosse and Lucerne vehicles into battle with a Super title going to those with a little jazzier exterior and a handling package .
Some engine tweaks might create a minor buzz , but the big news here is 300 horsepower engines under the hood .
Cadillac
Cadillac continues to impress with fresh designs and potent powerplants .
The CTS has been redesigned and has two engine choices of note .
There is the 3.6 - liter V6 with direct fuel injection that provides about 300 horsepower and one without this feature that has 263 horsepower .
Cadillac is also tempting the younger buyer with a hard - drive enabled stereo and a V8 that could well bust through the 400 horsepower ceiling .
The STS can be had as a supercharged 469 horsepower STS -V or a milder V6 .
The revamped styling makes a compelling case to rethink Cadillac as an oldster ’s car .
Chevrolet
Chevrolet Malibu gets a facelift and loses the handy Maxx version .
The Malibu is a much more complete car than the one it replaces and you can add a panoramic sunroof and a 252 - horsepower all - aluminum V6 .
This car easily competes with similar sedans from Ford , Nissan , and Toyota for value and features .
Chevrolet ’s Tahoe GMC
Yukon hybrids now can operate at low speeds on electric power alone .
If you need a really big SUV this might be of note , but the Saturn Outlook , Buick Enclave and are easier to live with , smoother , and better values .
Chrysler / Dodge
We tested the Sebring and its cost in the $ 30,000 range makes it a bit dear .
You can get it with a soft top or a retractable hardtop and still have room in the trunk .
The Town and Country van is new and better .
There is a delightful Swivel ‘n Go seating system that features second - row seats that swivel 180 degrees to face the third row .
You also get a removable table that installs between the two rows , an integrated booster seat and power - folding rear seats as options .
Better performing engine choices and better handling make this easily as good as the Honda Odyssey for families .
However , the Kia Sedona is less expensive , albeit without some of Chrysler ’s unique and useful features .
Dodge ’s Avenger is a smaller version of the Charger and comes with available all wheel drive .
You can also get it with a sports tuned suspension , a hard drive for the stereo , and an easy to live with price .
This is well worth a test drive if you are looking for a mid-sized sedan with a little attitude .
Viper ’s V10 now makes 600 horsepower and is a little easier to live with on the street .
Ferrari
The only news is the 430 Scuderia .
For about $ 225,000 you can own a 503 horsepower coupe that weights just 2800 pounds .
Since we ca n’t even get waited on in a Ferrari showroom let alone get a test drive , we do n’t know anything about this Italian .
Just pay the premium , pay the gas - guzzler tax , and drive around town all day in second to hear that glorious exhaust note .
Ford
Ford ’s Focus looks different this year and has a suspension upgrade .
The Shelby GT convertible , which loaded goes for over $ 35,000 , can be ordered as a coupe or convertible .
Nice looking , but the handling is the best part .
The Shelby GT500 KR has a higher output engine that produces over 500 horsepower .
The Ford previously known as the Five Hundred is now the Taurus .
Finally getting some needed horsepower , this well regarded family vehicle has a new 3.5 liter 260 horsepower V6 and optional all - wheel - drive system .
Still sedate , it is a comfortable ride with no pretensions of being something other than a safe sedan .
Ford is also brings a Taurus X , a SUV that has a 3.5 - liter V - 6 and is the closest thing that Ford offers to the old LTD station wagon in terms of being useful .
It is similar to the awfully good Ford Edge and both are the best SUVish vehicles Ford has ever produced .
Honda
Honda ’s all - new Accord coupe and sedan are bigger .
The ride and quietness are also upgraded in the new model .
The new Honda fits into the middle of the Nissan Altima and the Toyota Camry , but is n’t much ahead of either .
And do n’t forget competition from the Ford Fusion and the new Chevrolet Malibu .
The Honda has three engines .
The new 3.5 - liter V - 6 has 268 horsepower and delivers exceptional gas mileage with its running on three , four , or six cylinder technology .
But our favorite is the midlevel 190 - horsepower four - cylinder engine .
Plenty of poke and gas mileage near the top of the 20 mph grouping .
Brakes are okay , but someone has been a bit too smart with the interior and it takes getting used to some of the knobs and gauges .
The rear seat does not split when folded down and the trunk is the same size as the last model .
This will truly be a test for Honda loyalists , but the handling and fuel mileage should enable the Accord to appease the choir .
Hyundai
Every year we are surprised at the quality of the Hyundai products .
This year the large SUV , the Veracruz , surfaced and it is a good one .
A powerful engine , refined ride , lots of standard features , and a price well under the competition make this a value leader .
Also keep your eyes out for a Genesis sedan with a large output engine .
Infiniti
The G37 Coupe with its V6 engine producing 330 horsepower is a looker .
It can make the BMW look sheepish for a lot less money .
In the wings is a new small crossover .
Jaguar
Jaguar XF and XJ have been redesigned .
A XKR Portfolio with a 420 horsepower engine is coming and so is a smaller Jaguar .
Our advice is to wait for the new S model if you are looking for a sedan .
Regardless , with Jaguar ’s quality numbers improving and its elegant looks , this is the car to own if you want to make a statement about class .
Jeep Liberty
The Liberty is slightly larger and has a “ Sky Slider ”  canvas roof option .
It can be purchased with an entertainment system that includes a 20 - gigabyte hard drive for storing music and files .
The freshened Jeep has a 210 - horsepower 3.7 - liter V6 .
You can order a new Selec - Trac II full - time system or Command - Trac part - time system .
The Grand Cherokee gets a face lift and the rest of the line is stable .
Kia
Nothing new here , but this manufacture has some stimulating bargains in the Sedona van and its small and large sedans .
We absolutely adore the Kia Rondo .
It is a must drive for families who want a tidy minivan that handles well and gets excellent fuel mileage .
Lexus
Lexus is clearly going after BMW , and also stepping all over the expensive manicured nails of the Porsche Boxter with its new high - performance IS - F featuring a 5 - liter V8 engine with an estimated 400 horsepower and an eight - speed automatic transmission .
If this is n’t too nose heavy there is simply no reason to buy the Porsche , and the free maintenance plan from BMW may be all that separates this Lexus from their M squad .
Also new is the Lexus flagship , the long - wheelbase LS 600h L with a new 5 - liter V8 , dual - stage continuously variable transmission , and two electric motors , giving a peak output of 430 horsepower .
And , this heavily equipped sedan also has all wheel drive .
Priced at just under $ 110,000 , this is the Lexus showpiece .
Fairly fast , capable of consistent fuel mileage of about 24 mpg , and with enough options to make it the equal of much more expensive German sedans , this is one Lexus you need to drive to appreciate .
Be warned , there is n’t much trunk space , but the backseat room is huge .
Also online is a thirsty SUV dubbed the LX 570 .
With a to 381 horsepower V8 , this is a big SUV with pretty much everything as standard equipment .
Mazda
Mazda ’s real sleeper is the M5 minivan .
This handy sized van does everything well and , although not a speed merchant , can keep up on the highway .
Well priced and it has an interior that is very well laid out .
An underrated vehicle .
Mazda ’s Speed6 has all wheel drive and a turbocharged engine , but it is listed at nearly $ 30,000 .
Stick with the base model and save a bundle if you can live without the speed part .
As always the car formerly known as the Miata is just plain fun .
It comes with an available retractable hardtop and has just enough power to make driving a delight .
A perfect sports car for those who like to drive , but do n’t have a lot of money .
Maserati Gran Turismo
The GranTurismo coupe is eye catching and has 405 horsepower , but it is n’t quick and is n’t that great at handling a twisty course .
On the other hand , it is a magnificent grand touring machine and is elegant as well as athletic .
This is one car that photos do n’t do justice .
Mercedes
What an improved portfolio .
The new C - Class is bigger , better , and comes in a diverse array of products including the C300 Luxury , C300 Sport and C350 Sport with engines yielding from 228 horsepower to 268 horsepower .
You can also order all - wheel - drive and all models have a 7 - speed automatic transmission .
The smilemobile from Mercedes is the CL63 AMG , with 457 horsepower in a convertible no less .
Call us smitten .
Still , our very favorite family vehicle is the E Class Bluetec sedan with the diesel engine that provides 35 mpg on the road and plenty of spunk in traffic .
Starting prices are around $ 52,000 , but worth every penny .
The diesel also comes in other model Mercedes products , but is not available in all states .
Nissan
The Altima coupe is adorable .
Smallish , lightish , and with an optional 270 horsepower V6 , this is one mean dog .
Nicely priced and it clearly shows that you do n’t have to pay Porsche or BMW prices to have a canyon runner with legs .
Rogue .
This crossover style SUV is interesting looking , but hardly elegant .
It almost looks old right out of the box .
With a tight , but well planned interior the Rouge is certainly a much superior vehicle than the awful Hummer models .
A lot of interior storage and a 170 - horsepower , 2.5 - liter four - cylinder that is ample for most driving endeavors .
The CVT works very well .
Nissan seems to have the best version of this economic transmission marvel and we highly recommend it if you travel in traffic a great deal .
You can even get paddle shifters to help you feel in control .
The handling is super and you can easily get in the low 20 - mpg range .
Pricing is very competitive making the crossover SUV market the most interesting for buyers .
Porsche
Porsche is offering a more powerful 911 that is also more expensive .
No wonder they are one of the biggest money making car manufacturers on the planet .
We have found the 911s are good , but the others not .
Our reward for publishing that information was that Porsche has refused to let us test any more products after doing it for over a decade .
Our best advice is not to be swayed by the speed , but check the service department and talk to technicians before paying those insurance premiums and maintenance fees .
Nevertheless , the Porsche cabriolet is a most solid open top car .
You might want to check out the “ Is Your Porsche a Lemon ” article .
The Porsche Cayenne has a more powerful engine , still gets questionable gas mileage , and has very little interior room .
But , hey , it ’s a Porsche , and who ever said buying a car had to be a rational decision .
The expensive 911 Turbo Cabriolet is really a bargain considering it is one of the fastest convertibles available with a 480 - horsepower engine .
It can probably outrun the sun ’s rays .
But , check those insurance rates and maintenance fees first .
If you can handle it , this is the ragtop to own .
Mitsubishi
Mitsubishi’s Lancer is nice looking , as are all Mitsubishi products , but does n’t have the solid feel we like for the money .
Like Mazda , it is trying to capture the sporty but frugal buyer and that is difficult to do .
The Evolution should be the big draw at the dealership , but this rocket is a bit too edgy for us .
A good warranty and good looks keeps this company ticking .
Pontiac
Pontiac ’s GXP version of the G6 comes in coupe of sedan form and is quite interesting in both appearance and interior appointments .
However , the whole world is waiting for the rear - wheel - drive G8 with a 3.6 - liter V6 or 362 horsepower 6.0 - liter V8 engine choice .
Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe .
It costs over $ 400,000 , uses gas like a broken pipeline , and has front opening doors .
All this makes it special to those who are into conspicuous consumption .
Saab
A much better 9 - 3 breaks cover this year with less torque steer , very good fuel mileage , and excellent safety features .
The convertible is stunning .
Look for all wheel drive in future models and a 280 - horsepower turbocharged V6 for the 9 - 3 sedan and SportCombi wagon .
Saturn
They are putting a lot of work into the new Saturn line and it is bound to pay off .
The Astra is an excellent replacement for the Ion and the Vue is so much better than it s predecessor that it deserves a new name .
The Vue comes in a hotted up Red Line version and a Green Line model with some hybrid features such as an engine that shuts off at stoplights .
These two vehicles added to the already worthwhile Aura make the Saturn lineup the strongest in the General Motors family for utility and gas mileage .
Scion
The xB is completely redesigned and the xD replaces the xA .
The xB has been made more spacious .
The xD is the smaller and has the lesser price tag .
All this is very confusing .
The best bet is to see them side - by - side and you are going to notice a huge difference .
For a couple of extra thousand the xB offers more of everything , including a 158 horsepower engine and room for five adults .
You can get pretty much everything as an option , but the most appreciate feature is the higher output engines .
We like the tossability of the xB , but it is hard to resist the extras you get with it big brother , the xB .
If you need room , want to make a statement , and ca n’t resist cute these are good deals .
Smart
Well , the Smart is here , finally .
The two models are the fortwo coupe and fortwo cabrio both of which are less than nine feet long making them easy to park , maneuver , and garage .
Look for prices to start in the low $ 10,000 range with the cabriolets getting much more dear .
Fuel economy is n’t all that great , but this is a handy vehicle and so the 40 mpg or so figure might not be its main selling point .
A great delivery vehicle , the Smart does not feel small on the inside and can keep up with traffic but side winds get your attention .
Subaru
A new look , a few more horsepower are what Subaru is offering this year .
As always a fun car to drive and very fuel efficient for all wheel drive models .
Suzuki may have the best vehicle you never heard of for sale this year .
The SX4 sedan is chassis has responsive handling , and a 2.0 - liter 4 - cylinder engine producing 143 horsepower priced under $ 14,000 this Suzuki is available with front wheel drive .
Given the terrific warranty this Suzuki is deserving of a test drive .
Tesla Roadster
For just under $ 100,000 you can own a battery powered two seat roadster that can go up to 200 miles before recharging and is quite fast .
Not for everyone , but the promised sedan might be .
The Tesla uses lithium - ion batteries so do your homework about these before you buy .
Toyota
Where is the Corolla ?
While waiting for that much - anticipated model consumers will have the opportunity to buy a all new Highland with a better chassis and more room and power from an available 270 horsepower V6 .
A hybrid version is also planned with an electric only option until the car reaches 25 mph .
Interestingly , the Lexus 400 RX hybrid we drove two years ago did this until over 30 mph .
Volkswagen
The GTI gets a anniversary edition , the Jetta gets a long awaited wagon version , the Golf gets a R32 all wheel drive version with 250 or so horsepower , and a terrific new small SUV called the Tiguan comes to life for Volkswagen .
Look for more diesels , and a Touareg 2 large SUV .
This could be the year that Volkswagen starts an upswing in sales , especially if they get those diesel models certified in all states .
Volvo
The Volvo V30 is a retro styled two - door hatchback that harkens back to the Volvo P1800 .
If you ca n’t remember that do n’t worry , this nice looking sporty coupe is pricey , fairly fast , and has a subdued interior .
The V30 is sure to be noticed , but it ’s priced way too high to bring in many youthful buyers and not powerful enough to entice those who like to drive hard despite a turbocharged five cylinder engine .
Lots of safety features .
I thought Bush was going to look into this and you know ... kick them out of his administration if they were leakers ...
Download Download
Thanks to E&P : I used their headline ... They explain :
James Knodell , director of the Office of Security at the White House , told a congressional committee today that he was aware of no internal investigation or report into the leak of covert CIA agent Valerie Plame .
The White House had first opposed Knodell testifying but after a threat of a subpoena from the committee yesterday he was allowed to appear today .
Rep. Waxman recalled that President Bush had promised a full internal probe .
Knodell repeated that no probe took place , as far as he knew , and was not happening today .
Rep. Elijah Cummings said all of this was " shocking . "
Waxman said that Knodell 's office 's lack of action was a " breach within a breach . "
Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton called this a " dereliction of duty . "
Rep. Waxman at one point said that he regretted not being able to put up a video of the president promising a full probe but added , " I guess we will leave that to The Daily Show . "
----
Suspect in Tom Cruise extortion plot found dead
PHOENIX — A man who agreed to plead guilty in a plot to extort more than $ 1 million from Tom Cruise for the actor 's stolen wedding photos was found dead in his home , authorities said .
Investigators said it appeared David Hans Schmidt , 47 , who was under house arrest and faced up to two years in federal prison , had committed suicide .
He was found dead in his townhouse around 3 p.m.
Friday after police noticed a tracker placed on him had not moved and he had not checked in , Lt. Anthony Lopez said .
It was n't known when Schmidt , who was free on $ 100,000 bail , was to enter his plea in court .
He also faced a $ 250,000 fine under a plea agreement filed Aug. 24 in Los Angeles .
Schmidt , known for brokering deals involving compromising celebrity photos and videos , was arrested in July after , federal authorities said , a co-defendant obtained photos of Cruise 's wedding to Katie Holmes in Italy last year from the event 's official photographer , court documents show .
Starting in May , Schmidt had repeated contact with Cruise representatives and threatened to release the photos if he did n't receive between $ 1.2 million and $ 1.3 million , authorities said .
Schmidt also tried to auction off Paris Hilton 's diaries , along with photos of her in various stages of undress and other personal items that had been locked away in a Los Angeles - area storage locker until a few months ago .
He also claimed to have brokered deals to sell a sex video of actor Dustin Diamond , who played " Screech " as a teen on Saved by the Bell , and a video of skater Tonya Harding 's wedding night , according to published reports .
He also claimed to have obtained topless shots of rescued U.S. Army POW Jessica Lynch .
The Turkish army stepped up its bombardment of the Iraqi side of the border after the rebels ambushed a military unit inside Turkey , hitting 11 different areas close to towns and villages , Kurdish officials said .
In a separate incident in south - eastern Turkey , one person died and 17 were injured when their minibus was hit by a roadside bomb allegedly placed by the PKK .
With tension rising , Iraq 's president , Jalal Talabani , who heads one of the country 's two main Kurdish parties , expressed condolences to the families of the dead Turkish soldiers and demanded that the PKK disarm and commit itself to peaceful politics , or else get out of Iraq .
" We have appealed to the PKK to desist fighting and transform themselves from a military organisation into a civilian and political one .
If they insist on the continuation of fighting , they should leave Kurdistan of Iraq and not create problems here , " an angry Mr Talabani said at a press conference in Salaheddin with Massoud Barzani , president of the Iraqi Kurdistan region .
The two Kurdish leaders made repeated calls for a peaceful solution to the crisis , urging Turkey not to take the military route .
" Wisdom must be the leader of this conflict , " Mr Talabani said .
In Ankara , senior government officials were locked in a late - night council of war with army generals and police commanders to plot what President Abdullah Gul said would be " a determined and vigorous response to the latest terrorist outrage " .
Mr Gul would not be drawn on whether that meant the predicted major incursion into northern Iraq , from where Turkey claims PKK rebels launch attacks across the border .
But he said : " We have made it very clear that if the terrorist shelters there are not destroyed , it is our legitimate right to destroy those shelters ourselves . "
After the crisis talks , the prime minister , Tayyip Erdogan , said the US secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , had asked for a few days ' pause before any response .
" We expect the United States to take swift steps [ against the PKK ] befitting of our strategic partnership , " Mr Erdogan told a late - night news conference .
The US , Ankara 's Nato ally , is anxious to avert any Turkish military strikes against the PKK in northern Iraq , fearing that this might destabilise the region .
As well as the eradication of the PKK camps , Ankara demands that the rebel leaders are arrested and handed to it .
Turks protested in several cities to denounce the PKK 's attack , adding to nationalist demands that the government take military action .
Mr Erdogan , said : " Our anger , our hatred is great . "
But he insisted his government would take " an approach that is calm and based on common sense " .
The Turkish soldiers died during a large operation against PKK rebels in the Oramar area of Hakkari province , where the borders of Iran , Iraq and Turkey converge .
PKK guerillas reportedly blew up a bridge as a Turkish military convoy was crossing it .
In the fighting that ensued , the Turkish military said it killed 32 rebels .
The fighting was described by a Turkish military source as intense , involving the use of helicopter gunships and the shelling of 63 PKK targets .
There were no indications that troops had crossed into Iraq .
A spokesman for the PKK told the Guardian that guerillas had killed 17 Turkish soldiers as they ambushed a military convoy heading towards the Iraqi border .
The rebel group had also taken eight " prisoners of war " .
He said the PKK suffered no losses , but clashes were continuing .
He described the incident as " self - defence " and said the group was still committed to a ceasefire and a negotiated solution .
PKK sources said fighters on the Iraqi side of the border had dismantled their camps and were adopting " defensive " positions in the mountains in anticipation of a concerted Turkish attack .
The escalation of violence came just four days after the Turkish parliament gave the green light for the country 's forces to enter Iraq to hunt down the rebels , who have bases high up in the remote and rugged mountain areas .
Turkey accuses Iraq 's Kurdish leaders of aiding the PKK , a charge they strongly deny , and has grown frustrated with the perceived reluctance of the US and Baghdad to crack down on the rebels .
This simple guide will probably be a lifesaver for a lot of you out there , especially to those of you who have kids roaming their home .
We all know it : if something is dear to your heart , no matter how careful you are , your kids will eventually break it .
What brought me to write this article is that my wonderful son , while being at home last week , climbed on a chair and got his hand on my precious Star Wars DVD collection .
Naturally , he did it silently so my wife — though only 20 feet from him , did n’t hear anything .
After picking up the box set , he proceeded to bring out a few disks from the box and played with them , dragging them across our hardwood floor .
I ’m sure you can imagine the effect this operation had on the surface of the DVD ’s … they were scratched thouroghly , and when played , the movie froze at critical moments .
Fortunately , I had already experienced something similar with a scratched CD and was able to repair it using a simple technique .
Please note that Amazon.com sells a cheap and effective CD repair machine that does the job very well if you do n’t want to go through the manual process .
First , before trying anything , be sure to thoroughly clean the surface of your damaged CD .
Sometimes , even if a disc is lightly scratched , it will play anyway if properly cleaned .
To do this , just take a piece of Microfiber cloth and clean your disk using eyeglass cleaner or an easy - to - make homemade solution we wrote about in the past .
Be sure to wipe the CD / DVD starting from inside out and do not touch the reflective surface with your fingers while doing it .
Do not attempt to clean the disc using circular motions !
Doing so may worsen the condition of your media if you accidentally scratch it .
( It ’s always better to have a simple scratch going across one location on several tracks than one affecting the entire length of a single track . )
If after trying this , your disc still does n’t work , you ’ll need to employ a more drastic approach to the situation .
The only things you ’ll need to do that is a soft cotton swab and a little bit of mild abrasive , such as Brasso .
Be careful , Brasso emits fumes and can be very irritating .
Perform the following steps in a well - ventilated area :
Imbue your cotton swab with a little dab of Brasso .
Gently polish the damaged area of your CD or DVD using a small circular motion until the scratch disappears or at least subdues .
Rinse the media .
That ’s it !
Now stick your disc back inside your player , and attempt to play it again .
Does it work ?
If yes , then great !
If no , then repeat the above procedure .
I also heard that white toothpaste and car - rubbing compound could be effective , but I have not tried them .
And yes , I was able to get my Star Wars DVD ’s back in working condition with this technique , but please note that if you do this , you do it at your own risk .
Putting up too much pressure on your scratched disc will probably worsen its condition instead of improving it , so do n’t forget to be gentle !
This trick will also often work wonders on damaged PS2 , PS3 and Xbox game CD’s .
Does anyone have additional tips on how to repair scratched CD ’s and DVD’s ?
Let us know in the comment area of this post !
Related article : Use a banana to repair a scratched CD or DVD
The move , the first US rate cut in four years , is aimed at restoring confidence in the housing market and preventing the turmoil from denting the economy .
Other central banks , including the Bank of England , are expected to follow suit to calm the growing financial panic .
World stock markets soared on the news , with US shares up sharply .
The Fed move could help prevent the US economy , which is already slowing down , from sliding into a recession , which could hurt economic growth prospects around the world .
The tightening of credit conditions has the potential to intensify the housing ( market ) correction and to restrain economic growth more generally
US Federal Reserve
Q&A : What the rate cut means
The Fed 's statement in full
And at close the Dow Jones industrial average was up 2.51 % at 13 739.39 , the S&P 500 Index was up 2.92 % at 1,519.78 , and the Nasdaq was up 2.71 % at 2,651.66 .
It was the S&P 500's biggest percentage gain since March 2003 , and Dow average 's best one - day percentage gain since 2003 .
' Economy fragile '
By making money cheaper to borrow , the central bank is hoping that people will spend and invest more , revitalising the economy ,
By cutting rates the Fed would be boosting the US economy by making it cheaper to borrow money
Send us your comments
But the Fed faces a dilemma , with some commentators worried that too - big rate cuts could stoke up inflation .
A reduction in rates by 50 basis points would fuel inflation and lead to the " cheap money " conditions that have brought boom - and - bust to the property sector , they had argued .
But in a statement , the Fed said that they needed to act before the credit crunch caused more damage to the economy .
It said that " the tightening of credit conditions has the potential to intensify the housing ( market ) correction and to restrain economic growth more generally " .
The size of the cut - the first time that the rate has changed in more than a year - took many analysts by surprise .
William Sullivan , chief economist at JVB Financial Group in Florida said : " It 's difficult to interpret what the ultimate ramifications will be .
" The Fed 's rate cut could suggest that the stresses in the credit markets are larger than what people thought and that the Fed thought an aggressive move was needed now . "
And Tim Evans , an energy analyst at Citigroup Futures in New York , said : " This confirms that the US economy is fragile and attempts to avoid a full recession by cutting interest rates may or may not be successful , but this shows that the Fed is taking the possibility of a recession seriously . "
Inflation figures
But there was better news for those concerned about inflation with the Producer Prices Index ( PPI ) for August showing a bigger than expected fall .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics said that the measure of the prices paid to producers of goods and services in the US fell by 1.4 % , which was the biggest fall since October 2006 .
" The August PPI was good news , " said Gary Thayer , chief economist at AG Edwards and Sons in St. Louis .
" There was a decline in energy prices that helped pull the overall index down and core inflation looks relatively modest , " he added .
' Wo n't deliver '
The Fed made its announcement after its one - day policy meeting .
It has coincided with the imminent release of third - quarter results from a string of investment banks .
The first of those results , from Lehman Brothers , came in better than expected , suggesting the banks have not been hit as hard as had been thought .
The Fed started raising rates from their historic low of 1 % back in June 2004 to put the brakes on a US economy that was showing signs of overheating .
They had been on hold at 5.25 % since mid-2006 after 17 consecutive rises .
Smoking is highly addictive with 1 in 4 adults in the UK smokers .
Some may find these images disturbing .
Graphic pictures are to be included on all cigarette packets by October 2009 warning of the dangers of smoking , such as this one pointing out that smokers die young .
The number of women smoking during pregnancy has been falling , but still stands at 17 % .
People who smoke can suffer painful deaths with tumours one of the established risks .
Lung disease is the most common form of death for smokers , contributing to the 106,000 UK deaths a year from smoking .
Smoking can cause problems such as impotence .
Couples trying to get pregnant are advised not to smoke .
Smoking can help clog arteries , increasing the risk of heart attacks and strokes .
Research has shown second - hand smoke , a combination of smoke from the burning tip and that exhaled by the smoker , can cause death .
Children are particularly susceptible .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
therawstory
Expanding claim of executive authority , White House official tells paper staff ca n’t be charged
John Byrne
A senior Bush Administration official unveiled a new strategy in Friday ’s Washington Post — anonymously — to combat Democrats in Congress who are clamoring to file contempt charges against officials who refuse to talk about the firings of nine US prosecutors .
In sum , this strategy amounts to , “ once we say no , we ca n’t be charged . ”
( Original Article )
Since its introduction two years ago , Google Earth has been a great way to travel around our world and see some of its bizarre sights .
Last month the search giant introduced a new Google Earth feature , Google Sky , which lets you travel the far reaches of the universe , often in startling and beautiful clarity .
High - resolution images from NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , the Space Telescope Science Institute , the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , and the Digital Sky Survey Consortium give you incredible close - ups from deep space .
From nebulae and galaxies to stars and comets , we 've collected just a few of the breathtaking and spectacular sights in Google Sky .
To get started on your own outer - space adventure , download the most recent version of Google Earth software .
Launch the application , go to the View menu , and select Switch to Sky .
To fly to each of the destinations we spotlight , copy the astrological identifier ( we 've placed them in parentheses ) and paste it into Google Sky 's ' Search the Sky ' box .
We 've also created a file of Placemarks that includes all of these sights and more ; download it and open it with Google Earth .
Ready to blast off ?
-- Tom Spring
As promised , some pictures from a great book called ' Masquerade , The Amazing Camouflage Deceptions of World War II ' by Seymour Reit .
Here , an stylistically accurate addition to the boudary wall of the Houses of Parliament disguses a machine gun emplacement .
A US army HQ disguised as a rubbish pile .
Along side these great photos ( and many more ) is the story of Basil Spences role in Hitler 's downfall .
The Quicksilver plan was developed as the planning of D - Day took place and was intended to ' conceal the real date of the invention , to indicate a false invasion area , and finally to convince the enemy ( after the blow fell ) that another and greater attack would come elsewhere .
The Dover ' pipeline ' , part of this intricate hoax , was designed by one of England 's leading architects , Professor Basil Spence , whose sketches and blueprints were followed by the set builders of Shepperton .
Spence 's counterfeit docks proved to be good box office .
German planes came over periodically to photograph them , but fighter patrols and antiaircraft kept the intruders at altitudes of thirty thousand feet , and at that height it was virtually impossible for enemy cameras to pick up any remaining flaws .
On German prints , the Docks looked authentic .
Now and then , Nazi long range artillery on Cape Gris - Nez would even lob a few inaccurate shells at the terminus - and whenever these landed the camouflage crews would create suitable ' fire damage ' using sodium flares and mobile smoke generators '
[ Of course , after the war , Spence was involved in many reconstruction projects .
Coventry Cathedral explicitly combines the bombed - out ruins of the old cathedral with the new post - war building ]
The book is full of stories such as this - grand Q - from - James - Bond type schemes and devices .
What 's amazing is the scale : whole towns disguised , canals made invisible , lakes turning instantly into fields , phantom armies , trick train tracks and so on .
As though the landscape itself turns into a shifting hallucination .
The sophistication of these tactics was borne out of desperation .
They also shame our current response to international terrorism where concrete blocks have been roughly manoeuvred into seemingly temporary positions around important locations .
On this point , Mark Field MP is quoted in Hansard remarking upon the security measures in place around the American Embassy in London :
" Following the 9/11 bombings in New York , the US Government understandably increased security at American embassies throughout the world .
In November of that year -- more than five years ago , following the invasion of Afghanistan - - roads east and west of the square were closed to traffic by cement bollards .
To paraphrase one of my constituents , chicken wire was erected , which made visitors and everyone living in the area feel that they had stumbled upon some low - grade prison or military camp . "
As seen in the photos above , the measures described in Masquerade hide military presence amongst nature or historical sites or everyday human life .
Today 's War on Terror measures ramp up the sensation of barricading .
Maybe it is a way of visually manifesting the fear of attack amongst everyday urbanism - propaganda of fear .
KUNEITRA CROSSING , Golan Heights
–In a buffer zone between two bitter enemies , Arwad Abushahen bid a heartbroken farewell to her family yesterday , her joy at marrying the man she loves tempered by the fact she might never see her home again .
After she and Mohanad Hareb wed in a ceremony held in no man 's land along the heavily guarded Israel - Syria frontier , Abushahen followed her husband to his home in Syria , knowing she'd be barred from returning to her village in the Golan Heights , which Israel captured from Syria 40 years ago .
" I am so happy to be married today , " Abushahen said .
" But I am so sad to leave my family .
My heart is broken . ''
Wearing a strapless white wedding dress , Abushahen was escorted by Red Cross officials over the border and into Syria , where she was greeted by a crowd of relatives and members of Hareb 's family .
Abushahen , 25 , is from the Druse village of Buqata on the Golan Heights .
Hareb , 26 , is a Druse from Syria .
Distant relatives , they met at a family reunion in Jordan , which has diplomatic relations with both Israel and Syria .
Israel captured the strategic heights from Syria in the 1967 Mideast War and annexed them in 1981 .
The Golan is home to 40,000 people , half of them Jewish and half Druse , a religious sect with its roots in Islam .
The decades - long conflict between Israel and its neighbours has left the Druse living under Israeli sovereignty cut off from their co-religionists in Syria and Lebanon .
Israel and Syria have been in a state of war since Israel was created in 1948 , and their frontier is sealed and lined with minefields .
But since the late 1980s , Israel and Syria have allowed a small number of Golan Druse to cross the frontier on religious pilgrimages or to study .
Women can also cross in both directions to get married – but they cannot cross back .
Since 2001 , about 70 Druse brides have come from Syria to the Golan , many of them returning with Golan Druse men studying in Syria , said Yael Segev- Eytan , a spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross .
But Abushahen 's departure is the first time since 2001 that a Golan bride has gone to Syria , she said .
The wedding yesterday closely replicated the plot of The Syrian Bride , a 2004 Israeli film that told the story of a young Druse woman who leaves her family in the Golan Heights to marry a Syrian Druse man , knowing she can't return .
Around 60 friends and relatives gathered at the Abushahen home in Buqata before the ceremony to see the bride .
Abushahen 's sister - in - law , Suha Abushahen , originally from Syria , left her own family and crossed the border three years ago to marry Arwad 's brother .
Her only advice for the new bride was to " be happy . ''
Abushahen 's parents said they were against the wedding at first , because they did n't want Arwad to leave .
The only way to see his newlywed daughter now , said her father , Yehya Abushahen , would be to travel to meet her in Jordan .
" I did n't want her to go , but she 's in love , " said her father , Yehya Abushahen .
" I wish there was n't a fence so I could see my family . ''
I.1 . Changes in CD Equilibrium
Once a CD Equilibrium has been established , it is still possible for it to change .
But it must change gradually , over time .
Sudden attempts to change the distance , especially when initiated by only one party , will result in the other person instinctively moving to re-establish the CD , likely using Pushes or Pulls .
II.1 . Causes of CD Disequilibrium
Constant Distances are not merely determined by the affection of the two parties .
Love and compatibility play a strong role , but so does circumstance .
Two primary circumstances have a substantial effect on CDs : Life Plans and Schedule .
II.1.a Life Plans
Life Plans are any exogenous factors that a person puts above the relationships .
If a person does not believe in marriage , for instance , or in long term commitment , that Life Plan creates a greater CD with a person who does not share those Life Plans .
Desire or the lack of desire for children are another factor .
Preternatural attachment to sauerkraut is yet a third .
II.1.b Schedule
A person ’s schedule can have a substantial , if temporary effect on CDs .
If one person in the relationship is exceptionally busy for a certain period of time , and their free time is inhibited , their CD may appear to change for their partner .
It does not necessarily change for that person themselves — they may still wish to spend 50 % of all their free time with their partner — but since the total time and attention paid to the partner changes , it appears to be a change in CD .
This will usually result in the partner enacting Pulls or False Pushes .
Constant Distances are not merely determined by the affection of the two parties .
Love and compatibility play a strong role , but so does circumstance .
Two primary circumstances have a substantial effect on CDs : Life Plans and Schedule .
III .a. The False Push
When the person with the smaller CD employs a Push , it is typically a False Push .
The action or behavior will have all the hallmarks of a real Push but will be disingenuous .
The false Push is enacted in order to make the person with the greater CD believe that he or she is in fact the person with the smaller CD .
The hope is that this will then cause the person with the greater CD to behave as described above , enacting Pulls of his or her own .
The danger in this strategy , of course , is that sometimes a false Push can engender another false Push , which might create such large perceived CDs that the relationship simply ends .
If it were not for False Pushes , romantic comedy screenwriters would be out of business .
Ethan Todras - Whitehill is a freelance writer who covers technology , travel , and subcultures .
He contributes regularly to The New York Times and several national magazines .
He also blogs at crucialminutiae.com .
You know , the one who has all those cute girls that he ’s not dating whose friends do n’t understand why he ’s not trying to hook up with them .
I was always more comfortable with girls , having grown up effectively with three sisters .
And for those girls — and I think they would agree — I was great at demystifying the male - female interaction .
Well , I had help .
My father ’s scientific mind had concocted a simple set of laws that relationships seemed to follow .
And with my own scientific mind , I developed these laws further .
So without further ado , I present to you :
There are not one but two CDs in any given relationship , one for each party .
When the two people ’s CDs are the same , congratulations : you have CD equilibrium .
You may copulate in peace .
If the two CDs in a relationship are not the same ( i.e. one person wants to be closer than the other ) , or if the CD Equilibrium is disrupted ( i.e. one person wants “ more ” from the relationship or “ less ” ) , you have a CD Disequilibrium .
If a CD Disequilibrium lasts for too long , the relationship will inevitably end , possibly on Jerry Springer .
There are two primary ways in which people behave in a CD Disequilibrium .
The general principle is that both parties will seek to change the other person ’s CD to match their own .
Typically , the person who has the greater CD ( i.e. the person who wants “ less ” from the relationship ) will only use one tactic : the Push .
The Push is any action or behavior intended to distance oneself from the other person .
It may involve ignoring phone calls , delaying response to text or email messages , or shying away from previously established patterns of affection ( sex , cuddling , or verbal affirmations ) .
The person with the smaller CD is the more vulnerable one in the relationship and as such has more at stake .
This person will generally employ both Pulls and False Pushes .
The Pull is the opposite of the Push .
It is any action or behavior designed to bring the other person closer , like an increase in patterns of affection , demands for stronger commitments , or puncturing condoms with a needle .
Yolanda and Howard have been dating for three months .
Yolanda is a lawyer , and Howard is a painter .
They meet for dinner a few times a week , see the occasional movie , and sleepover at one or the other ’s house on Sunday and paint each other ’s toenails .
They are in CD Equilibrium ( I ) . Yolanda is happy with the relationship , but she ’s starting to want more .
Her CD is starting to shrink , but she does not sense the same happening with Howard .
So she begins to Pull ( III ) on Howard ’s CD , dropping hints about rings and babies and puppies .
She begins buying toothbrushes and storing them in random nooks of Howard ’s house .
Howard notices this behavior , and subconsciously begins to push back , trying to lengthen Yolanda ’s CD to match his own .
He stops returning her calls as quickly and leaves copies of Playboy out in his bathroom .
( See Fig . 1 . ) But then something strange happens .
Yolanda gets hit with a big case at work .
Although her feelings about Howard do not change , her time available for him does .
Their dinners dwindle to once a week — her only free night .
They stop seeing movies together .
Howard ’s bottle of Fire Engine Red crusts shut from disuse .
Yolanda ’s Schedule ( II.1.b ) has changed her CD , and he now finds himself the vulnerable one .
He tries Pulling , sending her flowers and giving her foot massages .
( See Fig . 2 ) Yolanda ’s big case lasts several months .
She enjoys Howard ’s extra attention but ca n’t find the time to give him what he needs .
But over time , Howard ’s CD slowly changes ( I.1 ) .
By the time Yolanda ’s case ends , Howard ’s CD is the same that Yolanda ’s was before the case .
And since her CD never really changed — it just appeared to do so to Howard — when the case ends their two CDs match , putting them in blissful CD Equilibrium ( I ) ( Fig. 3 ) .
livedoor Readerパーフェクトガイドが生み出した格差
7月23日に「 livedoor Readerパーフェクトガイド」が公開されました。
非常に読みやすく、良く解説されているドキュメントです。
このドキュメントが公開されてから非常に興味深い現象が発生しました。
登録数ランキング300位に入っているサイトと入っていないサイトでブログ格差が発生しています。 原因はlivedoor Readerパーフェクトガイド中に書いてある以下の文章だと思われます。
II . 登録数ランキングの上位を一括登録
「 livedoor Reader」に登録されているフィードのうち、登録数の上位300件をまとめているOPMLを“ 全部” 登録しましょう 。Webディレクターであればどれも押さえておくべきフィードばかりですので、躊躇せずに“ 全部”
登録してください（不要なフィードはあとから削除できます）。
この文章に従った人が多かったと思われるため登録数ランキングに入っているフィードの登録者数がドンドン増加しています。
さらに、それによって注目度ランキングも登録数ランキングとあまり変わらない内容になってしまっています。
恐らく、ここ数日で300位と301位の間には200ぐらいの差が開いているのではないかと思われます。
以前から言われていると思いますが、最近はブログ格差というものが拡大しているような気がします。
注目されているブログはさらに注目されていっている気がします。
200X年以前にブログを開始しているかどうかで大きな差が発生しているという研究(調査)が数年後に発表されるかも知れないと勝手に妄想しています。
私がブログを書き始めたときには300位は200台でした。
今は900近くになっています。 これからブログを始めようと思った人が300位以内に入るのは、1年前に始めた人よりも困難になっていると思われます。
しかも、300位に入っていることによって読者数が増えていく可能性もあるので、格差は非常に拡がっていくと思われます。
新規ブログがソーシャルブックマークで注目されるのも段々困難になっていくと思われます。
ソーシャルブックマークユーザが増えていくと、注目されるURLもメジャーなものが増加していくと思われます。
livedoor Readerパーフェクトガイドは非常に良く書かれており、問題があるわけではないのですが、今回の現象が興味深かったので書いてみました。
このような個々の事象が積み重なっていってブログ格差というものが発生していくのではないかと予想してみました。
現状では、ブログ界と言ってもIT界の中のブログ界に近い気がします。
まだブログ文化が発生していないその他の分野のブログは読者がRSSを使っていなかったりすると思われます。
そのため、現状では非IT系ブログが上位にランクインするのは絶望的に難しいのではないかと思われます。 段々RSS登録数ランキングもYahooのディレクトリのように分化していくのかも知れないなぁと思いました。
livedoor Readerパーフェクトガイドの影響がいつまで続くかは不明ですが、
なんとなく、思いつきでつらつらと書いてしまいました。
最近のエント リ
過去記事
過去記事一覧
Progressive Democrats of America —
At 9 pm EDT , Tuesday , October 23rd , in a nationwide phone call organized by Progressive Democrats of America , Rep. Dennis Kucinich announced he will go before the U.S. House of Representatives on a point of personal privilege to move the impeachment of Dick Cheney .
Mr. Kucinich stated he will bring the impeachment forward before Thanksgiving .
As soon as we learn more details we will post them immediately .
NOW ’s the time to put pressure on all representatives , to impeach Cheney .
CALL NOW — here are toll - free phone numbers you can use to call congressional offices in DC : 866.340.9281 — 866.338.1015 — 877.851.6437 — 800.828.0498 — 800.459.1887 — 800.614.2803 — jam the capitol switchboard with our demand to restore justice and reclaim democracy .
Original Article
Every time you use electricity in your home , from your computer to your TV ( if you live in the united states or Europe ) you are using AC , or Alternating current .
Things like solar panels , and wind turbines produce DC , or Direct Current ( edit : wind turbines can also produce AC ) .
( the difference being that DC goes in one direction around the circuit , where as AC wiggles back and forth )
That means that if you want to use solar panels , or wind turbines to power your home you have to use a little device called an inverter .
An inverter changes DC to AC so that it will work with your stuff .
Why , you may ask do we have AC instead of DC ?
Well , a long time ago a big fight happened , Thomas Edison backed DC .
George Westinghouse backed AC .
Westinghouse won .
There are a lot of good reasons why AC won .
At the time the grid was small , you had lots of tiny power plants all over the place .
Over short distances AC lines lose less electricity ( to things like heat ) than DC does .
However with today ’s modern grid ( big power plants far away from the places that use the electricity ) DC lines make much more sense .
Over long distances DC power lines lose far less than AC .
So why am I going on and on about this stuff ?
And what does this have to do with Europe or Wind Power ?
So glad you asked .
Europe is thinking of switching to DC for these long distance transfers .
They are doing this because they want integrate huge amounts of wind power into the grid .
The windy places in our world are often far from where people like to live ( go figure , you do n’t want to live in a constant gale ) , that means that wind farms are often far away from the people that want the energy .
It is also true that the wind is n’t always blowing in all of these spots at the same time .
It is however true that almost all of the time the wind is blowing in one or more of these places .
In theory if you created your grid the right way , you could make sure that at every point in the day and night the wind would be “ on ” .
This would involve using DC transmission lines to get the wind energy to the people that need it .
If it ’s windy in Spain , but not Germany the current goes to Germany , next week when its windy in Ireland but not Spain the energy goes to Spain and so forth .
Seems like an obvious idea , but with AC power lines the loss from moving this energy over such large distances would be astronomical , enter in DC transmission lines .
Seems after all the fighting Edison once again proves to be right .
DC is the best way to transport current over long distances .
DC lines have the advantage when it comes to distances over 600 miles .
Ever wonder why high voltage power lines are so far off the ground ?
It ’s not just to keep you from touching them , AC wants to go to earth much more than DC does .
That means the higher the voltage of the line the higher the wire has to be from the ground .
Simple you say just use lower voltage , well if you want to transmit AC long distances you have to have it at very high voltage , so we are back to our original problem .
DC on the other hand has no such problem .
JÃ¼rgen Schmid , the head of ISET , an alternative - energy institute at the University of Kassel , in Germany proposes a DC grid that would allow wind energy to provide up to 30 % of Europe ’s power supply .
And because it is almost always windy at some place in Europe , this grid setup would allow wind to be used as “ base load power . ”
Countries like the Scandinavia , the Netherlands and Germany are already building DC transmission lines .
Airtricity plans to build them as well .
It wants to build a “ super grid ” that would link offshore wind farms in the Atlantic ocean , the Irish , North and Baltic seas with customers throughout northern Europe .
Airtricity says that the project , a 2,000 turbine - strong farm in the North Sea , would cost about â‚ ¬2 billion ( $ 2.7 billion ) .
Would generate 10 gigawatts .
The equivalent amount of coal - fired capacity would cost around $ 2.3 billion so , considering that this would not help to destroy the planet , a couple more million might be worth it .
This of course begs the obvious question , why not do the same exact thing in the United States .
The eastern sea coast has an amazing wind resource , and is close to large amounts of people .
The upper Midwest ( places like North Dakota , Wisconsin , Michigan , etc ) have been called the Saudi Arabia of wind because they are so windy , the Texas panhandle , and the California valley are also amazing wind resources , Alaska has some of the windiest places on earth .
If all of these locations ( and many many more that I have not mentioned ) were linked together with DC transmission lines we would have constant steady wind power .
Combined with large amounts of solar and geothermal this country could get almost all of its power from renewable energy without interruptions when the wind was n’t blowing in any one area .
Image and fact credit
Most software entrepreneurs ' ambition is to sell out for a huge wad of cash , or maybe go public for an even bigger pile .
Not so Nicholas Reville :
He wants to overthrow the television industry , and he does n't care if he gets rich .
In fact , as executive director and co-founder of the Participatory Culture Foundation , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit , Reville is unlikely to make much money at all .
Reville oversees the PCF 's core project : a free , open - source video player called Miro .
Formerly known as Democracy Player , Miro is a desktop video application that lets you search and view videos .
It uses RSS , BitTorrent and media - player technologies .
But the PCF 's ambitions go far beyond making and distributing a popular internet video platform .
Ultimately , the foundation 's goal is to promote and build an entirely new , open mass medium of online television .
" We see TV as moving online in a lot of ways , " Reville explains .
" There 's a chance to make it really open , or there 's a chance that companies are going to build proprietary systems and try to lock in users to creators .
We think that video RSS is a really good way of making it a level playing field , so our goal is to push the video industry in the direction of openness – towards using open standards . "
Going the nonprofit route was an essential part of this goal .
For one , Miro's fate is n't tied to finicky venture capitalists or stockholders .
That 's generally a good thing when you ’re trying to form an organization around values other than maximizing shareholder profit .
While a lot of for - profit companies have similar hopes of infusing idealistic values into their organizations ( for example , Google 's " Do n't be evil " motto ) , Reville notes that the kinds of investors such companies are forced to take on inevitably exert pressure to change or " adapt " those values .
" You hear a lot of utopian talk in the beginning and then six or seven years later , they 're in a totally different place , " Reville says .
" We wanted to be sure that we built the values into the company from the beginning , and a nonprofit is best way to do that . "
Values aside , Miro still has to make money like any other venture - backed startup or major media company .
And as a nonprofit , Reville is the first to admit that that 's not always easy .
While the PCF just wrapped up a successful $ 50,000 fundraising drive , that money is a small portion of the project 's overall budget .
Indeed , with 12 full - time staff members and two part - timers , most of Miro 's budget is earmarked for the employees responsible for what Reville characterizes as " the core of the application . "
Needless to say , the project still relies on large donors and grants .
Supporters have included Skyline Public Works and the Mitch Kapor , Surdna , Mozilla and Knight foundations .
But the ultimate goal for the Miro team is to slowly wean themselves off of grants and donations over the next couple of years , as Miro emerges as a post - 1.0 application .
At that point , Reville says the platform should be able to start having some more - traditional revenue models .
" They need to find their Google search bar , " says John Lilly , the chief operating officer of the Mozilla Foundation and a board member of PCF .
Lilly is referring to the Firefox search tool that through revenue - sharing agreements with Google and Yahoo , generates millions of dollars in annual income for the Mozilla Foundation .
Lilly notes that the big challenge for Miro will be finding a way to monetize internet video , so the company is eventually less dependent on donations .
That may come by offering specific customized versions of the software to businesses and organizations – something the team is currently experimenting with – or it may come in some other form .
" If you look at nonprofits , they will typically have a large mix of income and are generally not dependent on independent contributions , " says Dennis Young , director of the Nonprofit Studies Program at the Andrew Young School of Policy Studies at Georgia State University .
Until it develops a revenue stream , Miro will likely continue to rely on the myriad forms of nonfinancial help the software is already starting to get .
Which is n't necessarily bad .
" There 's all kinds of things ( users ) do for us that otherwise would be very difficult , " Reville says .
" The software 's translated into 30 languages .
That 's all volunteer work .
Then there 's tons of testing , writing code , users supporting each other :
All these things work because we 're mission - driven . "
Reville and Lilly ultimately believe this is how open - source projects and the nonprofit foundations behind them can successfully compete with commercial enterprises : by cultivating a community that really cares .
" They know you 're not just out there trying to make money , " Reville says .
" That 's what propelled Firefox .
They 're not out there spending their money on a bunch of TV ads .
One user is telling another user .
Users are helping to promote the software and helping to make it better … so that 's a huge , huge advantage we have .
That 's probably more valuable than all the donations our users give to us . "
Striving to find the “ middle ground ” on abortion -- that is , coming up with ways acceptable to pro-choice and pro-life Americans alike to reduce the number of abortions in the United States -- is a worthwhile undertaking .
But it also has given rise to some fairly resilient myths about the best way to achieve this goal .
Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani prominently featured one such myth in his speech Oct. 20 to a group of social conservatives .
The former New York City mayor stated that “ we increased adoption by 133 % over the eight years before I came into office .
And we found that abortions went down by 18 % during that period of time .
I believe we can do that in the United States . ”
But Giuliani ’s implied causality between these two statistics is unsupportable for this simple reason :
The increases he cites were in the rate of adoptions of children out of New York City ’s foster care system , not in the rate at which women were continuing unwanted pregnancies and placing their infants for adoption rather than having abortions .
Nothing in the data he cites indicates that there was any significant increase in the city ’s newborn relinquishment rate while he was mayor .
Giuliani is not alone in misrepresenting the adoption - abortion link in this way .
Politicians from both parties frequently promote tax credits and other incentives to ease the way for adoptive parents to demonstrate that they want to “ do something ” about abortion .
Facilitating adoptions , especially of hard - to - place children , deserves our strong support .
But it does nothing to affect the abortion rate .
To assert that it does is either ill - informed or simply cynical , and it should stop .
Meanwhile , we know that very few women actually place their infants for adoption .
In the United States , fewer than 14,000 newborns were voluntarily relinquished in 2003 ( the latest year for which an estimate is available ) , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
That proportion -- just under 1 % of all the children born to never - married women -- has remained constant for almost two decades .
It ’s down considerably from the early 1970s , but even in those days , more than nine in 10 unmarried women who gave birth kept their babies .
The 2003 infant relinquishment figure is minuscule when compared to the almost 1.3 million abortions that took place that year .
And even then , it would be wrong to assume that every one of those relinquishments actually averted an abortion .
Many women placing their baby for adoption may never have considered abortion in the first place .
Among the main explanations cited in the HHS report for decline in relinquishments since the ‘ 70s are that “ the increased social acceptance of single parenthood has led more unmarried women to keep their children ” and that “ a higher proportion of unmarried mothers are in their 20s rather than their teens , so the personal and financial stresses may not be as great as in the past . ”
More important , the researchers do not consider abortion to be a significant factor and suggest that “ the decline in abortion rates shows that the decline in relinquishment is not a result of increasing selection of abortion over relinquishment . ”
Politicians of all stripes , and whatever their position on abortion , should face reality .
Increasing the rate of completed adoptions , however valid on its own merits , is irrelevant to the abortion rate .
And increasing the rate of newborn relinquishments , even assuming it could be done in an ethically and socially acceptable way , at best would be tinkering at the margins .
Even if relinquishments doubled , and each one of them represented an averted abortion , it would make hardly a dent in the abortion rate .
In his recent speech , Giuliani did leave himself an opening to embrace evidence - based policies when he offered that he would “ support any reasonable suggestion that promises to reduce the number of abortions . ”
In fact , there are plenty of proven , common - sense policies that he ( and all those who are still promoting adoption as a viable anti-abortion strategy ) could support .
Chief among them is to expand women ’s access to high - quality contraceptive counseling and services and to support comprehensive sex education that teaches young people about both delaying sex and using protection when they do become sexually active .
As a just - published Guttmacher Institute study shows , abortion rates are extremely high in many countries where contraceptives are not readily available and contraceptive use is not encouraged , even though abortion is highly restricted in those places by law .
And the world ’s lowest rates of abortion by far are found in Western Europe , where very few legal restrictions are placed on abortion but contraceptive use and comprehensive sex education are widespread .
Behind virtually every abortion is an unintended pregnancy .
The sooner politicians accept that the only way to meaningfully achieve fewer abortions is to do better in helping women and their partners prevent unintended pregnancies in the first place , the better .
Cory L. Richards is senior vice president and vice president for public policy at the Guttmacher Institute , an independent think tank in the field of sexual and reproductive health .
AC - 130H Spectre
AC - 130U Spooky
The AC - 130H Spectre gunship 's primary missions are close air support , air interdiction and armed reconnaissance .
Other missions include perimeter and point defense , escort , landing , drop and extraction zone support , forward air control , limited command and control , and combat search and rescue .
These heavily armed aircraft incorporate side - firing weapons integrated with sophisticated sensor , navigation and fire control systems to provide surgical firepower or area saturation during extended periods , at night and in adverse weather .
During Vietnam , gunships destroyed more than 10,000 trucks and were credited with many life - saving close air support missions .
AC - 130s suppressed enemy air defense systems and attacked ground forces during Operation Urgent Fury in Grenada .
This enabled the successful assault of Point Salines airfield via airdrop and airland of friendly forces .
The gunships had a primary role during Operation Just Cause in Panama by destroying Panamanian Defense Force Headquarters and numerous command and control facilities by surgical employment of ordnance in an urban environment .
As the only close air support platform in the theater , Spectres were credited with saving the lives of many friendly personnel .
During Operation Desert Storm , Spectres provided air base defense and close air support for ground forces .
AC - 130s were also used during Operations Continue Hope and United Shield in Somalia , providing close air support for United Nations ground forces .
The gunships have most recently played a pivotal role during operations in support of the NATO mission in Bosnia - Herzegovina , providing air interdiction against key targets in the Sarajevo area .
The AC - 130 is an excellent fire support platform with outstanding capabilities .
With its extremely accurate fire control system , the AC - 130 can place 105 mm , 40 mm and 25 mm munitions on target with first round accuracy .
The crew of these aircraft are extremely proficient working in military operations in urban terrain [ MOUT ] environments .
The AC - 130H ALQ - 172 ECM Upgrade installs and modifies the ALQ - 172 with low band jamming capability for all AC - 130H aircraft .
It also modifies the ALQ - 172 with engineering change proposal - 93 to provide increased memory and flight line reprogramming capabilities .
The Air Force [ WR - ALC / LUKA ] issued a sole source , fixed price contract , to International Telephone & Telegraph ( ITT ) for development of low band jammer and subsequent production .
Issue a competitive , firm fixed price contract for the Group A modifications ( preparing aircraft to receive jammers ) .
Currently funded weight reduction and center of gravity ( CG ) improvements to the AC - 130H aircraft include : redesign of 40 mm and 105 mm ammo racks using lighter weight materials ; reverse engineering of 40 mm and 105 mm trainable gun mounts using lighter weight material ; and removal of non-critical armor .
These efforts are performed by a sole source contract awarded to Rock Island Arsenal .
AC - 130U Spooky
Continuing the distinguished combat history of side - firing AC - 130 gunships , the new AC - 130U Spectre gunship is being fielded as a replacement for the AC - 130A aircraft .
This program acquires 13 new basic C - 130H aircraft for modification and integration by Boeing to the AC - 130U Gunship configuration .
The AC - 130U gunship airframe is integrated with an armor protection system ( APS ) , high resolution sensors ( All Light Level Television ( ALLTV ) , infrared detection set ( IDS ) and strike radar ) , avionics and EW systems , a sophisticated software controlled fire control system , and an armament suite consisting of side - firing , trainable 25 mm , 40 mm , and 105 mm guns .
The strike radar provides the first gunship capability for all weather / night target acquisition and strike .
The acquisition program for this new gunship evolved from a Congressional mandate in the mid-1980s to revitalize the special operations force capabilties .
Following the contract award to Rockwell in July 1987 , the aircraft was first flown on 20 December 1990 .
FY92 procurement funding was increased to provide the 13th aircraft to replace the AC - 130H lost during Desert Storm .
Upon completing an exhaustive flight test program at Air Force Flight Test Center from 1991 to 1994 the first aircraft was delivered to AFSOC on July 1 , 1994 .
Boeing�s contract includes : concurrent development , aircraft production , flight test , and delivery .
All aircraft have been delivered and the program is transitioning to the sustainment phase .
A competitive contract for sustainment was awarded in July 1998 .
As a result of the aircraft 's success in Operation Enduring Freedom , the Air Force has initiated procurement for 4 additional AC - 130U aircraft , to be delivered by FY 2006 .
Operation Enduring Freedom saw extensive use of AC - 130U " Spooky " aircraft to support special operations and ground forces .
Despite being implicated in friendly - fire incidents , the gunships proved crucial to the air campaign because they were able to loiter over the battlefield and strike targets of opportunity .
These aircraft benefit from a recent engineering program at the Air Force academy , which determined ways to streamline the AC - 130 airframe , decreasing drag , increasing loiter time , and decreasing each aircraft 's infrared signature .
AFSOC also fit AC - 130U aircraft with a video link to download video directly from an orbiting Predator UAV , enabling the gunships to attack targets directly rather than first circling to pinpoint the targets .
The AC - 130U is the most complex aircraft weapon system in the world today .
It has more than 609,000 lines of software code in its mission computers and avionics systems .
The newest addition to the command fleet , this heavily armed aircraft incorporates side - firing weapons integrated with sophisticated sensor , navigation and fire control systems to provide surgical firepower or area saturation during extended loiter periods , at night and in adverse weather .
The sensor suite consists of an All Light Level Television system and an infrared detection set .
A multi-mode strike radar provides extreme long - range target detection and identification .
It is able to track 40 mm and 105 mm projectiles and return pinpoint impact locations to the crew for subsequent adjustment to the target .
The fire control system offers a Dual Target Attack capability , whereby two targets up to one kilometer apart can be simultaneously engaged by two different sensors , using two different guns .
No other air - ground attack platform in the world offers this capability .
Navigational devices include the inertial navigation system ( INS ) and global positioning system ( GPS ) .
The aircraft is pressurized , enabling it to fly at higher altitudes , saving fuel and time , and allowing for greater range than the AC - 130H .
Defensive systems include a countermeasures dispensing system that releases chaff and flares to counter radar infrared - guided anti-aircraft missiles .
Also infrared heat shields mounted underneath the engines disperse and hide engine heat sources from infrared - guided anti-aircraft missiles .
The AC - 130U P3I program develops and procures modifications that correct softwareand hardware deficiencies of the AC - 130U fleet discovered during flight tests and that were outside the scope of the original FY86 contract .
These modifications will include the following : combine all necessary software requirements for the System Integration Test ( SIT ) system and hardware and software improvements for the APQ - 180 strike radar system ; upgrade the Tactical Situation Map ; improve core avionics and computers required for the multi-mission advanced tactical terminal / integrated defense avionics system installation ; upgrade the EW suite ; and modify the software / hardware required for the trainable gun mounts .
The Air Force is replacing the 40 mm gun , unique to the AC - 130 , with the 30 mm GAU - 8 to alleviate logistic problems .
The AC - 130H/U , AAQ - 26 Infrared Detection Set ( IDS ) Upgrade program modifies the optics on the AN / AAQ - 17 Infrared Detection Set ( IDS ) currently installed on 13 AC - 130U and 8 AC - 130H Gunship aircraft to the AN / AAQ - 26 configuration .
The AC - 130U wiring , Operational Flight Program ( OFP ) , Control Displays Program ( CDP ) , Trackhandle , bus multiplier ( BMUX ) , control panels , and variable slow rate feature will be modified .
The AC - 130H will also be modified .
Support equipment , spares , and tech data for both aircraft will be modified as required to support the AN / AAQ - 26 configuration .
Mission requirements dictate a significant enhancement in target detection , recognition , and identification ranges to decrease aircraft vulnerability .
A sole source fixed price incentive contract was awared to Raytheon for design , modification , and installation ; with directed sub to Lockheed Aerospace Systems Ontario ( LASO ) for integration of the AN / AAQ - 26 on the AC - 130H and Rockwell for software integration of the AN / AAQ - 26 on the AC - 130U .
The United States Special Operations Command ( USSOCOM ) has a requirement for a C - 130 engine infrared ( IR ) signature suppression system to provide Special Operations Forces ( SOF ) C -130 aircraft with an IR signature reduction equal to or better than existing systems at a lower cost of ownership .
The primary difficulties with present suppressor systems are low reliability and poor maintainability .
This C - 130 Engine Infrared Suppression ( EIRS ) Program system will be used on AC - 130H/U , MC - 130E / H/P , and EC - 130E aircraft .
The key requirements for the Engine IR Suppression system are : ( a ) improved reliability and maintainability over existing systems to result in lower total cost of ownership ; ( b ) IR signature suppression levels as good as the current engine shield system ( aka. Tubs ) ; ( c ) no adverse impacts to aircraft performance and ability to accomplish SOF missions ; ( d ) complete interchangeability between engine positions and identified aircraft types .
The suppressor is expected to be a semi- permanent installation , with removal being primarily for servicing , allowing the aircraft to perform all required missions with the suppressors installed .
There will be up to two competitive contracts awarded for the initial phases of development with a downselect to one contractor for the completion of development and production .
The contract will contain fixed price options for procurement , installation , and sustainment of the system .
The Directional Infrared Countermeasures ( DIRCM ) program develops and procures 60 systems and provides 59 SOF aircraft ( AC - 130H/U , MC - 130E/H ) with a DIRCM system capability .
The DIRCM system will work in conjunction with other onboard self - protection systems to enhance the aircraft�s survivability against currently deployed infrared guided missiles .
Growth is planned to add a capability to detect and counter advanced threats .
Execution of this program is in concert with a joint US / UK cooperative development / production effort with the UK as lead .
Development and acquisition of the DIRCM system will be in accordance with UK procurement laws / regulations .
UK designation for this program is " Operational Emergency Requirements 3/89 . "
In late 1999 , Lockheed Martin was awarded the contract to install Northrop Gruman AN / AAQ - 24 ( V ) Nemesis DIRCM systems on U.S. Special Operations Command aircraft .
The AN / AAQ - 24 confuses hostile IR - tracking missiles by directing IR - energy , generated by instense lamps , at the missile 's IR seeker .
Northrop Gruman announced all manufacturing work associated with the AN / AAQ - 24 complete in early 2001 .
Continuing research associated with the Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures ( LAIRCM ) program will develop a laser - based DIRCM to be fielded later in the decade .
Because of its success during Operation Enduring Freedom , the Air Force has begun considering plans to improve AC - 130 and to better fill its primary role .
Improvements and replacements must be able to loiter over the battlefield and provide precise , intense firepower on demand more accurately , more effeciently , and more responsively from a platform more survivable than the AC - 130 .
Because the AC - 130 flies low and slow , the Air Force worries that the AC - 130 is particularly vulnerable to the new SAM threat .
Proposals to improve the AC - 130 include integrating a stand - off attack capability in the form of Hellfire or JSOW missiles , equipping the AC - 130 to control and / or launch UAVs for reconaissance and attack , and replacing the AC - 130 with a gunship mounted on a different platform .
Suggestions include an AC - 17 , which would be able to fly higher , fly faster , and carry more payload than the AC - 130 , and the creation of a new , stealthy airframe .
Air Force planners are moving away from the " lone - wolf " mentality of AC - 130 gunships operating solo to a " wolfpack " mentality where gunships would control a number of assets , included UAVs , UCAVs , and smart weapons , to coordinate attacks .
The next generation gunship may be a flying mothership for UAVs .
The AC ( X ) program is moving into an analysis of alternatives phase .
Sources and Resources
By Dominic Casciani
BBC News
Hess killed himself inside Spandau prison at the age of 93
Rudolf
Hess was held in Berlin 's Spandau prison until his suicide in 1987 , aged 93 .
The documents show British governors fought Soviet attempts to turn the jointly - run jail into a " gulag " labour camp with just one prisoner .
France , the US , UK and Russia jointly managed the jail - and disputes over Hess led to bitter recriminations .
Hess had been in custody since flying to Scotland in 1941 .
Marginalised in the Nazi hierarchy with increasing mental problems , he thought he could strike a peace deal with Britain so Hitler could invade Russia unhindered .
He ended up jailed for life at the Nuremberg war crime trials .
Spandau prison was jointly run which caused its own tensions
By the 1970s , he was the only Nazi left in Spandau and a humanitarian campaign had been launched to see him released .
The three western powers sympathised but could do nothing without the Soviet Union 's agreement .
In files originally opened two years ago after a Freedom of Information request , National Archives documents show the stand - off reached a boiling point in 1974 .
The Western powers fell out with Russia over Hess 's health after doctors warned he could have cancer .
The British wanted Hess taken for tests at their nearby military hospital .
But the Russians told the Americans to pay for an x-ray machine in the prison instead .
The papers show how British governor , Robert de Burlet , began taking his Russian counterparts to task over " prisoner number seven " , as Hess was officially known .
In one meeting , de Burlet demanded the Russians see sense .
" If you keep him in prison until he dies , you have created a martyr who would be remembered not for his own misdeeds but for the inhumane treatment which he himself suffered . "
Russian sympathies
The Russian official , Romanovsky , privately conceded that he sympathised with the British position .
But he said decisions over Hess were taken at the top and added : " I do not think that for us it will be possible to release him - the political difficulties are too great . "
Neo -Nazis adopted Hess as a " martyr "
And so Hess 's regime remained strict .
Confined to a small badly - furnished cell , his requests for more relaxed rules led to petty and pointless political clashes .
The Russian governor began censoring large parts of Hess 's letters to his wife .
He ordered his guards to take Hess 's glasses at lights out - a regulation that was never followed by the other powers .
When a Russian guard established that Hess had 13 photographs in his cell , rather than the regulation 10 , three were removed - leading to another row in the governors ' office .
Hess wrote himself a sign reminding himself to stand up in the presence of the Russian commandant .
The three other powers said they did n't want an old man to stand .
Fruit fight
The British became convinced the Russians wanted to turn Spandau into a western outpost of the " Gulag Archipelago " - the Soviet Union 's forced labour camps .
Hess wrote a note reminding himself to stand for the Russian governor
In one incident , Hess saw some windfall plums in the prison gardens and wanted to take them inside rather than leave them to the birds .
The Soviet guard said no - but was overruled by the British warder
Within days , the incident had escalated into a full - scale row between the four governors with the Russians accusing the British of breaching the original post - war agreement over war criminals and demanding reports and disciplinary action .
" We have what I consider a genuine case of mental cruelty , " said Robert de Burlet .
" Whatever horrors the Germans had perpetrated in their concentration camps I do not want it to be said that we were following their example . "
London urged him to resist attempts to tighten the regime and diplomatically endure lecturing from Russian generals , one of whom was frequently the worst for drink .
Hess 's birthday passed with no sign of movement on release .
And in a sarcastic editorial marking the occasion in Pravda - the Kremlin 's official newspaper - explained why .
" The Hitlerite lieutenant must drink his retribution to the bottom of the cup , " it said .
Spending per child in Washington , D.C. public schools : $ 15,414
D.C.'s ranking for per student spending : # 1 , more than any state
Average spending per student , nationally : $ 8,899
Percent of D.C. 8th grade students not proficient in reading : 88 %
Percent of D.C. 8th grade students not proficient in math : 93 %
D.C. 's ranking for reading and math proficiency : # 51
Bottom Line : Washington , D.C. spends the most money per student , and gets the worst results .
So much for the idea that spending more money on public schools will improve academic performance .
( Credit : T - Mobile )
It 's freebie Friday for T - Mobile Dash or MDA users running Windows Mobile 5 from their handsets .
The carrier is offering free downloads of the Windows Mobile 6 platform from its
Web site , and all you have to do to get them is enter your 10 - digit phone number .
The updated mobile platform officially launched in February at the 3GSM conference in Barcelona , Spain , unwrapping improvements to search , security , and Windows Live support services .
Visit CNET
News.com for full coverage of the new platform 's launch and CNET.com for Bonnie Cha 's thorough review of the interface and features .
Network neutrality advocates and the industry - funded lobby groups that oppose it in Washington rarely agree on issues , especially when those issues involve network filtering or throttling .
That 's what makes last week 's letter from Hands off the Internet ( a telco - backed group opposed to government network neutrality regulations ) such a surprise .
The group told FCC Chairman Kevin Martin that it supported an FCC investigation into Comcast 's alleged BitTorrent blocking .
As increased evidence of Comcast 's traffic - shaping measures came to light over the last few weeks , a handful of consumer groups complained to the FCC on November 1 .
The groups argued that Comcast was violating the four principles found in the FCC 's 2005 Internet Policy Statement ( PDF ) .
The groups then raised the stakes by calling for a $ 195,000 Comcast fine for every consumer affected by the problem .
Several of the signatories to that letter are also members of pro-network neutrality group SaveTheInternet.com , and they saw the incident as a perfect counterweight to claims that neutrality is n't necessary because no company has ever violated it .
It 's also exactly the sort of complaint that one might expect Hands off the Internet to oppose .
Instead , HOTI 's letter reiterated the FCC 's four principles and called them " the necessary safety net to protect consumers and the openness and freedom of the Internet . "
The letter went on to say that " the ball is in your court " and that the FCC has a duty to launch an investigation of Comcast in order to see if the company has violated the principles .
What 's going on here ?
Harold Feld , the senior vice president of the Media Access Project , believes that Comcast 's tribulations are a goldmine for the telcos , who want to press their advantage .
The entire BitTorrent blocking ( " delaying " in Comcast - speak ) debacle just shows up a basic weakness of cable 's current network architecture : bandwidth is shared by all users on a local node .
" Particularly with applications tolerant of minor delays ( like downloading static web pages ) , it was easy for cable operators to share capacity among their subscribers while claiming a very fast always on speed based on the average user load for the system , " says Feld , but notes that the system does n't work well when users start saturating their links by using high - bandwidth applications .
Because P2P apps in particular can lead to consumer complaints from other subscribers on the local node , Comcast has taken to resetting certain types of traffic to keep the load lighter .
In Feld 's view , this just shows up problem 's with cable 's network that the DSL and fiber providers ( AT&T , Verizon , etc. ) are keen to drive home by keeping this issue in the public eye .
Instead of spending tons of cash to upgrade its hybrid fiber - coax ( HFC ) network to fiber , Comcast cheaped out and instead bought some Sandvine gear to disrupt certain traffic instead .
" Looked at this way , you can see why the telcos ( and therefore their sock - puppet HOTI ) would be a shade peeved about Comcast 's decision to ' manage ' their network in such a ' cost effective ' but deceptive manner , " writes Feld .
" Because if Comcast can keep pretending its network is just as good as FIOS when it is n't , and can even lie when asked about it directly by customers , then Verizon just wasted a couple of bazillion dollars and took a two - year stock beating for NOTHING . "
With support both from the telcos and consumer groups , the FCC will certainly have to examine the issue .
Its four principles have n't yet faced a good test case , and disrupting subscriber traffic in order to keep overall bandwidth down seems like a good one to start with .
If Comcast 's actions do n't end up violating the FCC 's four principles , then those four principles seem to mean little .
But the FCC probably has little appetite for slapping huge fines on a company like Comcast , either .
Still , even opening up an investigation would be a win for consumers because it would show that the FCC considers itself to have the authority to act on such issues ( and an interest in doing so ) .
That alone should keep other ISPs treading cautiously , even without any new legislation .
It could also be a win for the telcos , which would far prefer FCC oversight to Congressional laws .
CHRISTOPHER BODEEN
Associated Press
March 20 , 2008
BEIJING ( AP ) – China acknowledged Thursday that anti-government riots have spread to other provinces since sweeping through Tibet last week , as communist authorities announced the first group of arrests for the violence .
In India , the Dalai Lama told reporters he was “ always ready to meet ” Chinese leaders , in particular President Hu Jintao , though he said he would not travel to Beijing to do so .
But China has ignored calls for dialogue , accusing the Dalai Lama ’s supporters of organizing violence in Tibet in hopes of sabotaging this summer ’s Beijing Olympics and promoting Tibetan independence .
The Foreign Ministry said it was “ seriously concerned ” about a planned meeting between British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and the Dalai Lama , urging Brown not to offer support to Tibet ’s exiled Buddhist leader .
Armed police and troops poured into far - flung towns and villages in Tibetan areas of adjacent provinces to reassert control as sporadic demonstrations continued to flare .
Foreigners were barred from traveling there and tour groups were banned from Tibet , isolating a region about four times the size of France .
Read entire article
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Focal Length
The focal length of a lens determines its angle of view , and also how much the subject will be magnified for a given photographic position .
Focal length also determines the perspective of an image .
Longer focal lengths require shorter exposure times to minimize burring caused by the shake of hands .
The Focal Length means how much can your camera see .
Aperture
The aperture range of a lens refers to the amount of light that the diaphragm can let inside the camera to reach the sensor .
Apertures are listed in terms of f-numbers ( expresses the diameter of the entrance pupil in terms of the effective focal length of the lens ;
It is the quantitative measure of lens speed ) , which are marked on the lens .
On a camera , the f- number is usually adjusted in f -stops .
Each “ stop ” is marked with its corresponding f-number , and represents a halving of the light intensity from the previous stop .
Modern electronically - controlled interchangeable lenses , such as those from Canon and Sigma for SLR cameras , have f-stops specified internally in 1/8 - stop increments , so the cameras ’ 1/3 - stop settings are approximated by the nearest 1/8 - stop setting in the lens .
The F number can be displayed as 1:X instead of f / X( like in our example ) .
Lenses with larger apertures are faster because , for a given ISO speed , the shutter speed can be made faster for the same exposure .
A smaller aperture means that objects can be in focus over a wider range of distance ( depth of field ) .
Portrait and indoor ( sports and theater also ) photography often requires lenses with large maximum apertures in order to be capable of faster shutter speeds ( and narrower depth of fields ) in order to combat the low light problems with no camera shake .
The narrow depth of field in a portrait , as well as in macro photography , helps isolate the subject from the background .
Minimum apertures for lenses are almost as important as maximum apertures .
This is primarily because the minimum apertures are rarely used due to photo blurring from lens diffraction , and because these may require long exposure times .
For cases where extreme depth of field is desired , then smaller minimum aperture ( larger maximum f- number ) lenses allow a wider depth of field .
It ’s also good to know that lenses typically have fewer aberrations when they perform the exposure stopped down one or two f-stops from their maximum aperture .
This article is an excerpt from Complete Technical Photography Manual
( for any camera and any photographer ! )
It is an exceptional ebook available only on BetterPhotosAcademy.com .
To get the ebook , click here !
US Campaign for Burma
Dear readers and supporters of justice in Burma ,
This website is now being used as a legacy site .
You are welcome to read it and use it as a resource , to understand the past activities of US Campaign for Burma .
Special Note :
For all of our donors old and new , we wish to extend our most sincere thanks for your support .
We went through a series of technical glitches and problems when our institutional / foundation dried up , and have not been able to connect with you for some time .
For that , we apologize .
But , using our very limited resources , we will continue to work on behalf of all of the people of Burma for the justice and rights they deserve .
For current information , internship opportunities , and connecting with us in the future , please use the links and information below :
In gratitude and solidarity ,
USCB team
USCB STAFF
Myra Dahgaypaw
Managing Director
Myra Dahgaypaw is a Karen human rights activist from Karen State , Eastern Burma .
She was an internally displaced person and a refugee prior to resettling in the U.S.
Since the age of 13 , Myra has played a strong role in her community as an organizer and a human rights advocate .
Previously , Myra worked as a human rights advocate at the United Nations with the Burma Fund United Nations Office .
Prior to taking on the managing director position , she fulfilled the roles of campaign coordinator and policy advisor at USCB .
By seeking justice and accountability , Myra hopes one day to see a unified country at peace once the crimes against humanity and unchecked impunity in Burma are put to an end .
Until that day , Myra will continue advocating international and U.S. leaders and policymakers to promote and support the movement for freedom and a genuine democracy in Burma , as well as to provide aid and support for human rights and humanitarian needs .
Karen Ames
Development & Communications Coordinator
Karen received a Masters in Southeast Asian studies with a focus on democracy , and women 's rights in the region from the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
She previously worked with USCB as a multimedia intern .
Karen helped bring awareness to the ongoing human rights violations on the USCB social media platforms , created case reports for the USCB website , and participated in various USCB events in Washington , DC .
After leaving USCB , Karen joined Myra Dahgaypaw on an online project that provides information and guidance for Karen refugee youths pursuing higher education or trade school in the U.S.
This project allowed her to connect with several youths from Burma aspiring to succeed in the U.S. as well as community leaders that wished to inspire the youths within the refugee communities to further their own success after high school .
In addition to the online project , Karen is also a contributing author for the publishing company ABC - CLIO .
Her latest work discusses the positive and negative influences of various technologies in different countries around the world .
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Larry Dohrs
Larry Dohrs has been visiting , studying , writing and lecturing on SE Asia and Burma in particular for nearly 40 years .
He has a particular focus on issues of business and human rights , protection of the vulnerable , and the right to an identity for all of Burma 's peoples .
Stephen Dun
Stephen Dun is an ethnic Karen .
Born in Rangoon , Stephen fled to Karen State for the Thai - Burma border when he was ten - years - old .
After completing high school , he served as a teacher in a Karen school established by the Karen Resistance .
He also taught basic survival skills to local populations in Burma due to increasing seasonal attacks of the Burma army against villagers .
In addition to his data communications work for the BurmaNet of Burma Project , Open Society Institute , he advocated on behalf of the Karen and other ethnic peoples of Burma when he testified numerous times in congress .
Since 2001 , Mr. Dun has continued to provide direct service assistance to the numerous refugees arriving all over the US from Burma , particularly those in Seattle , Washington .
Those activities include transportation , interpretation , obtaining documentation , culture awareness for both the refugees and the resettlement agencies as well as organizing the communities to be self - sufficient .
He continues to keep the international community informed on the situation of Burma and has administered many humanitarian aid packages into the many trouble zones of Burma .
Eryn Schornick
Eryn Schornick is a New York State licensed attorney with a focus in international human rights law and humanitarian law .
She is a policy advisor for Global Witness in Washington , DC focused on ending the harms caused by the corrupt and other criminals hiding behind anonymous shell companies , a worldwide problem also experienced in Burma .
As a Senior Research & Engagement Specialist with EIRIS conflict Risk Network she led institutional investors in successfully advocating for the release of the “ Reporting Requirement on Responsible Investment in Burma . ”
Eryn visited development projects throughout Burma and on the Thai - Burma border during serval trips .
She met with affected communities and other stakeholders impacted by these projects to advance advocacy efforts requiring responsible business conduct in the country ’s extractive and telecommunications industries .
Laurie Dawson
Laurie Dawson was born and raised in SE Asia and has maintained strong ties to the region throughout her life .
She has particular interests in working with ethnic minority communities in both Burma and Thailand , offering support to local foundations across a variety of issue areas , and she has a strong personal interest in the promotion of restorative justice and prison reform .
Kristine Gould
Kristine is an advisor for strategy and policy in Burma , ASEAN , and Northeast Asia .
Yee Mon Htun
Yee Mon Htun obtained her Juris Doctor specializing in international law .
She was selected by women Nobel Peace Prize winners of the Nobel Women 's Initiative to lead the first - ever international campaign to stop rape and sexual violence in conflict .
She returned to Myanmar in 2012 hoping to contribute to law reform efforts aimed at strengthening rule of law .
She served as the inaugural Director of the Myanmar Program for an international legal non-profit : Justice Trust .
After four years spent advocating for human rights and training farmers , human rights defenders and activists , journalists and lawyers to affect change , Yee Mon Htun secured a position at Harvard Law School as a clinical instructor and lecturer on law in the school 's International Human Rights Clinic .
A Tirade Against the Cult of Performance
Whenever a promising new programming practice is discussed I inevitably hear the comment " That might hurt performance , " meaning that it will consume more computer cycles than a more traditional design .
What I think I am actually hearing is " This strange new programming style confuses me .
If it is less efficient , then I can continue programming the same way as before . "
I would like to see this knee - jerk response discredited once and for all .
Optimizing code is comparatively easy .
Everyone claims to know how to do it .
Everyone also knows how to make code unreadable and unmaintainable .
Good design is genuinely hard .
A numerical calculation can be rewritten eventually to achieve maximum efficiency ( on a given compiler on a given machine ) .
We never come close to an optimum design .
After a month , any design begins to show flaws .
I recommend everyone concentrate on design first and save the easier optimization for later .
If you have done your homework , really inefficient designs will be obvious , and you will not have to remind yourself to avoid them .
Anyway , most optimization is local .
Design is global .
Wait until you can actually profile your running code and see where the real bottlenecks are .
Many have noticed that programmers are very bad at predicting the actual distribution of runtime in their programs .
Some code will take much less of the total runtime than you expected , and you will not need to optimize it , even if it is much less efficient than possible .
Some code you had not given much attention to will take too much time .
When you find a local piece of code that is suffering from too much encapsulation ( costly method calls or object creation ) , then you can break that encapsulation and optimize locally .
But you can keep that code integrity elsewhere when it does not slow you down .
If you start out writing assembly code , then you will end up doing it everywhere , including the ninety - five percent where you do not need it .
Remember programs age and become obsolete quickly because CPU 's double in speed every year or two .
If you are not planning to take advantage of the next speedup by improving your designs , then your code is going to be obsolete much sooner .
In " Literate Programming , " Donald Knuth wrote " We should forget about small efficiencies , about 97 % of the time .
Premature optimization is the root of all evil . "
The critical word is premature .
I am not against optimization .
I am just against unnecessarily poor designs that are justified in the name of optimization .
It is easier to optimize correct code than to correct optimized code .
Premature optimization actually hinders optimization in the long run .
Unnecessary optimization distorts designs , destroys modularity and information - hiding , and makes code much harder to modify .
Latent bugs take longer to find .
We often discover by profiling , or by changing machines or compilers , that we misjudged the computational effort of our code .
Guess what ?
Now , optimization is much harder than it had to be .
Bill Harlan , 1997
Return to parent directory .
After Carly Fiorina was ousted from Hewlett - Packard last week , just seven female CEOs remained among Fortune 500 companies .
None of them heads a Silicon Valley technology company .
The theories as to why women are poorly represented at tech companies are varied .
But most pundits seem to agree – and studies back them up – that companies with women in the higher ranks are making more money , and companies that do n't actively recruit and support women executives are missing the boat .
Companies with the most women in senior management had a 35 percent higher return on equity than those with the fewest , according to a study ( . pdf ) by Catalyst , a nonprofit group that studies women in business .
It also found those companies paid their shareholders 34 percent more than companies with the fewest women in top management .
" I think almost without question that all of the companies we work with know they are able to offer better technology if they have a more diverse group of people , " said Telle Whitney , president and CEO of the Anita Borg Institute , a nonprofit that promotes women in technology companies .
Some businesses are taking advantage of that .
The CEOs at Lucent , Xerox and Autodesk are women , and Volvo hired an all - women engineering team to design a car .
But Silicon Valley companies do n't seem to get it .
Another Catalyst study in 2003 found that among Fortune 500 companies , 12.4 percent of board members were women , while women represented just 9 percent of high - tech boards .
The same study looked at female corporate officers and top earners , who made up 15.7 percent of all Fortune 500 employees , but just 11 percent at high - tech Fortune 500s .
" If I look ahead and think what is really going to change the world over the next decade or so , technology – not just information technology but ( also ) life sciences and biotechnology – are going to be profound transformational capabilities , " said Carol Kovac , general manager of health care and life sciences at IBM .
Without equal participation from women , those technologies might be unappealing or simply not work for women .
" You 'll end up with just 50 percent of people represented , and that seems kind of dumb to me , " Kovac said .
The lack of women reaches beyond Silicon Valley .
The life sciences are known for attracting more women ; almost 50 percent of biologists and medical school graduates are now women – but those numbers are apparently not transferring to the executive ranks in industry .
" When we look at the number of women CEOs in biotech companies , there 's not that dramatic a difference from other high - tech areas , " Kovac said .
" So I think there are still barriers , and we need to foster an environment to encourage women , especially in technology , for their talents to shine through . "
Catalyst 's results show the numbers are consistently , but slowly , increasing .
Reasons for the slow pace of change are unclear , but theories include the glass ceiling , an unfriendly environment toward women and the much - debunked innate gender differences theory .
Whatever the true cause , it 's most pronounced in Silicon Valley , experts say .
" Whatever is barring women from flourishing in computer science , engineering and information technology is the same thing that 's happening in these companies , " said Londa Schiebinger , a history of science professor and director of the Institute for Research on Women and Gender at Stanford University .
But there must be more to it , said Kara Helander , vice president at Catalyst for the western region , since many CEOs do n't have technology backgrounds .
Suggestions about the root of the problem caused a furor among women in science recently after Harvard President Lawrence Summers suggested at a conference it could be an innate difference between men and women .
Summers has apologized and said his words were taken the wrong way .
There 's no evidence , and no one has apparently suggested , that Fiorina 's firing had anything to do with gender .
And lots of evidence indicates it had everything to do with an ill - conceived Compaq merger .
But regardless of the reasons , her absence from the CEO post punctuates a dearth of female role models in Silicon Valley .
" The departure of Carly is dramatic partly because in one day we lost 12.5 percent of the women in the Fortune 500 , " Helander said .
First we form habits , then they form us .
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you .
— Dr. Rob Gilbert
Success is largely a function of habits .
Habits might be things you do every day , every week , or every month , or they might be patterned responses you have to particular situations .
For example , if you want to lose weight , adopting daily habits like eating a big breakfast , tapering your meals throughout the day , and drinking eight glasses of water will go a long way towards realizing that goal .
On the other hand , you might have a habit of focussing on solutions instead of problems , having conditioned yourself towards taking action and the belief that Output is God .
This is not a specific , day - to - day ritual per se , but an empowering pattern of behaviour , which is still a kind of habit .
Consciously chosen , empowering habits accelerate your progress and allow you to customize reality to fit your desires .
Bad habits , however , slow you down and eat away at your enjoyment of life .
So how do you replace a bad habit with a more effective alternative ?
In many cases , you ’ll already know that something you ’re doing is not conducive to the kind of life you want , and you ’ll already have some idea of what you want to be doing instead .
The hardest part is motivation .
If you procrastinate , for example , you know what you should be doing , you just are n’t doing it .
In this article , I want to focus on turning up the volume on those negative patterns that you know are bad , but where you have n’t yet found the incentive to change .
I want to offer a simple tool to intensify the negative energy you feel from engaging in bad habits , with the goal being to help you reach that breaking point where you know you must change .
The Power of Words
Words are , to some extent , just words .
But they ’re also more than that .
Words are most effective when they invoke a shared context between the speaker and the listener .
Words can trigger emotions that change lives , for better or worse .
They are the primary transport for knowledge and ideas , and they are the most common storage format of all that we know .
Consider the impact that words have on your own life .
Think about some of the books you ’ve read and how they ’ve shaped you .
For example , I do n’t know Tim Ferriss , but his book , The 4 - Hour Workweek
, changed my life .
On page 276 , he asked the question , “ What makes you most angry about the state of the world ? ”
My answer , that so many people choose to live at a fraction of their potential , led directly to the creation of 30 sleeps .
They were “ just words ” , but it was a question whose answer launched me into purposeful motion .
I recently read Awaken the Giant Within
, in which Tony Robbins devotes an entire chapter to what he calls “ Transformation Vocabulary ” .
I already started practicing the power of vocabulary modifications well before reading this , but I found it interesting to add his point of view to that process .
When it comes to breaking bad habits , words are your weapon .
The words you choose to describe your actions will affect the colour and flavour of your experiences .
Too often , we talk about our bad habits in words that do n’t convey the gravity of the situation .
We describe profoundly self - defeating practices with the verbal equivalent of a slap on the wrist , even using words that carry no suggestion of bad behaviour at all .
When I talk about the power words have to change your life , I ’m not suggesting that you do “ positive affirmations ” , i.e. , repeat positive sentences to yourself that supposedly increase your confidence and condition you to higher performance .
Frankly , positive affirmations are snake oil .
Instead , I ’m suggesting that you consider your own bad habits , and consciously choose to describe them with words that convey their destructive effects on your happiness and well - being .
Let ’s walk through some common examples of negative patterns , especially those related to what I write about on this blog .
We ’ll see how a change in wording can increase your awareness of the damage being done .
We ’ll also see how choosing more descriptive words can rechannel your energy and emotions , to avoid self - defeating states of mind .
Procrastination
For all the devastation that procrastination has caused to humanity , it ’s a word that has a remarkable way of sweeping all that damage under the rug .
It almost sounds like some fetishistic form of self - pleasure .
In reality , chronic procrastination is a terminal illness .
Its effects on your life are at least as bad as smoking or alcoholism .
If it does n’t destroy your body — for example , that “ someday ” that you were going to start eating healthier came after your first heart attack — it will destroy your mind .
It makes you feel stressed out and guilty and snowballs you along a downward slope of apathy .
Overcoming procrastination starts with being honest with yourself .
If you ’re serious about breaking out of this rut , instead of saying “ I ’m procrastinating ” , choose more accurate and realistic alternatives :
I ’m destroying my life .
I ’m sabotaging myself .
I ’m self - destructing .
I realize these are potent statements , but I do n’t think they ’re hyperbole .
For anyone who ’s dealt with chronic procrastination , you can probably appreciate the truth these words contain .
Again , notice that this is n’t about hollow affirmations .
The point is to choose accurate descriptors for your bad habits , to increase your awareness of their effects on your life , and provide enough incentive to instigate change .
You do n’t necessarily need to say these things out loud , but in many cases ( including the examples that follow ) , applying these wording changes even in conversation with others can be a powerful way to shock yourself into a new mode of being .
Have To vs. Want To
Your life belongs to you .
The only two certainties in life are death and that everything else is negotiable .
Convert all your have - tos to want - tos , and you ’ll recapture the power and freedom of personal choice .
You do n’t have to feel a certain way based on how a girl reacts to your approach .
You do n’t have to let some cheeseball , insecure , alpha pretender try to tool you .
Letting other people drag you down requires your consent .
You do n’t have to go to work today .
You choose to , because food and shelter are nice things to have .
If this seems like a minor wording change , it is .
But in my experience , this conscious reminder that everything you do is a choice , not an obligation , forces you to take ownership of your entire reality and grants you the authority to change any aspect of your life .
Eliminating the words “ I have to … ” from your vocabulary will improve your quality of life .
For example , I do n’t like having a boss .
It hampers my authenticity and restricts my creativity to only that which someone else considers useful .
I used to tell myself that “ I have to look for consulting work ” or “ I have to work today ” but that frame of mind only exaggerated the problem .
“ Have to ” makes it sound like slavery .
When I reframed this as “ I want to look for consulting work ” or “ I want to put in some hours on this today ” , I reminded myself that , even though subordination is n’t ideal in the short - term , it was a conscious choice I made that aligned with my purpose .
It allowed me to develop my skills as a software developer and UI designer , work with some world - class geeks along the way , and build my bankroll to the point where I now take mini-retirements to focus on projects of my own .
Woulda , Coulda , Shoulda
Woulda , coulda , shoulda are the three pillars of mental masturbation .
The combined output of all the would - haves , could - haves , and should - haves in the world is absolutely nothing .
Zero. NULL .
If you woulda , coulda , shoulda , then you did n’t .
I used to use these words all the time , especially when it came to meeting girls .
I should have approached that girl at the coffee shop .
I could have gotten that girl ’s number .
This was the first time it occurred to me that my vocabulary was supporting my bad habits .
I realized I was using words that were just euphemisms for cowardice , so I started replacing them with the truth : I did n’t approach that girl at the coffee shop .
I did n’t get that girl ’s number .
Phrasing it that way was pretty ego - bruising at first , so brutally honest that it made me feel stupid , but choosing words that kept me firmly rooted in reality cracked a necessary whip , and helped me break the bad habits of both chickening out and making excuses .
“ I Really Like Her . ”
Having spent a great deal of time learning about dating , sex , and relationships , and even more time out in the world getting blown out , rejected , and , therefore , laid , I ’ve seen countless guys fall for girls they ’ve just met .
The moment you hear a guy say the words “ I really like her ” about a girl he just met , you know it ’s going to get ugly .
If you are that guy , you meet girls , find yourself getting emotionally attached early on , and things often work out well , more power to you .
For the other 99 % of you , there is a better way .
Instead of thinking “ I really like her ” about a girl you barely know , tell yourself the truth :
I want to get to know her .
So far , I think she ’s pretty cool .
I really want to fuck her .
Let ’s face it :
It takes at least a couple years to really get to know someone .
Have you seen what she ’s like when she ’s drunk ?
Have you seen what she ’s like around other guys ?
How does she act when the going gets rough ?
Will you guys still have a juicy sex life in six months from now ?
What about two years from now ?
How does she get on with your friends ?
How do you get on with hers ?
Is she a drama queen or does she bring positivity into your life ?
People are complex .
Most of us ca n’t even figure ourselves out , let alone other people .
“ I really like her ” , when said of a girl you just met , is an unhealthy thought pattern that is a symptom of the scarcity mindset .
When you get comfortable being genuine even in the face of social pressure , via social skydiving , you gain access to the same abundance with women that most women experience with men .
Even if you are n’t yet there in your head , let your words lead .
If you ’re doing this right , choosing words that accurately and precisely describe your reality , it should feel jarring and uncomfortable , even somewhat abrasive .
Those are the kinds of feelings that inspire change .
It ’s easy to spend an entire afternoon “ procrastinating ” , but somewhat more difficult to spend an entire afternoon “ destroying your life ” , even though they ’re the same thing , just said in different ways .
I ’d encourage you to have fun exploring these ideas , to experiment with them , and to draw your own conclusions about their usefulness .
You just might find yourself turning a “ smoke break ” into a “ suicide break ” , or a “ Big Mac ” into a “ Heart Attack Burger ” .
After months of anticipation and intense consumer interest , Asus has announced that its low - priced Eee PC ultra- portable notebook will be available for purchase in the United States " within a few weeks . "
$ 200 Model Nowhere in Sight
Asus is n’t providing specific release dates at this time , but its official press release does mention the Eee PC will be available for purchase at Best Buy and Newegg in two configurations .
The Asus " Eee PC 2G Surf " will come with 256 MB of RAM and a 2 GB Solid State Disk Drive ( SSD ) , but the built - in web camera has been removed in order to bring the cost down to $ 300 .
The Asus " Eee PC 8G " is pre-configured with 1 GB of RAM , an 8 GB SSD , and webcam for $ 400 .
Of course , the $ 300 and $ 400 retail prices for the Eee PC will likely come as a shock to some consumers who were hoping to purchase this model for the originally publicized price of $ 200 .
Asus is also offering the " Eee PC 4G " with 512 MB of RAM and a 4 GB SSD , but early indications are that only the 2G and 8G versions will be available at Newegg and Best Buy during the initial product launch .
Additional specifications ( though limited ) are listed below :
Specifications : Model Name Eee PC 8G Eee PC 4G Eee PC 4G Surf Eee PC 2G Surf Display 7 " 7 " 7 " 7 " Intel CPU & Chipset Yes Yes Yes Yes Operating System Linux installed ,
Windows XP compatible Linux installed ,
Windows XP compatible Linux installed ,
Windows XP compatible Linux installed ,
Windows XP compatible Ethernet Communication Yes Yes Yes Yes WLAN Yes Yes Yes Yes Memory 1 GB ( DDR2 ) 512 MB ( DDR2 ) 512 MB ( DDR2 ) 256 MB ( DDR2 ) S.S.D. Storage ( Solid - State Disk ) 8 GB 4 GB 4 GB 2 GB Camera Yes Yes No No Audio Hi-Definition audio
Stereo speaker
Microphone Hi-Definition audio
Stereo speaker
Microphone Hi-Definition audio
Stereo speaker
Microphone Hi-Definition audio
Stereo speaker
Microphone Battery 4 Cells : 5200 mAh , 3.5 hrs* 4 Cells : 5200 mAh , 3.5 hrs* 4 Cells : 4400 mAh , 2.8 hrs* 4 Cells : 4400 mAh , 2.8 hrs* Weight 0.92 kg 0.92 kg 0.92 kg 0.92 kg * Actual battery life will depend on actual operations and other settings .
More information on the Eee PC is available on the Asus web site .
Related Articles
The way termite guts process food could teach scientists how to produce pollution - free energy and help solve the world 's imminent energy crisis .
Speaking at the Institute of Physics conference Physics 2005 in Warwick today , Nobel laureate Steven Chu urged scientists to turn their attention to finding an environmentally friendly form of fuel .
In an impassioned plea to some of the world 's brightest minds , he explained how he 's leading by example , and encouraged others to join the effort which " may already be too late . "
Chu , who shared the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1997 , has begun studying termite guts – one place in nature where a key hurdle for carbon - neutral energy supply has already been solved .
Termite guts take indigestible cellulose , which makes up the bulk of all plant material grown on earth , and convert it to ethanol , which even today is a versatile and popular fuel .
Chu described how he decided to leave the richly - funded precincts of Stanford University to become Director of the Lawrence Berkeley Labs to kick - start the effort .
He has been cajoling his new colleagues , including 56 members of the prestigious National Academy of Sciences , to realise the gravity of the problem and shift the focus of their research .
And , he says , it 's beginning to work .
The US already subsidises farmers to grow corn to turn into ethanol , but $ 7bn in the past decade has been wasted because the process is n't carbon - neutral .
" From the point of view of the environment , " explains Chu , " it would be better if we just burnt oil . "
" But carbon - neutral energy sources are achievable .
A world population of 9 billion , the predicted peak in population , could be fed with less than one third of the planet 's cultivable land area .
Some of the rest could be dedicated to growing crops for energy .
But the majority of all plant matter is cellulose – a solid , low - grade fuel about as futuristic as burning wood .
If scientists can convert cellulose into liquid fuels like ethanol , the world 's energy supply and storage problems could both be solved at a stroke . "
This is where the termite guts come in .
A billion years of evolution have produced a highly efficient factory for turning cellulose into ethanol , unlike anything which humans can yet design .
By exploiting these tricks , says Chu , we can use biology as a solution to a pressing world problem .
Nuclear fission may be the holy grail , but in the 50 years since it was first proposed , the predicted time - to - market has grown ever more distant .
Solar and wind power look appealing , but mankind has not yet discovered how to store electricity on a large scale .
Ethanol – a chemical fuel which would release no more carbon than it took to produce , would be the solution .
Immense funding is made available to cure the " diseases of rich people " such as cancer and heart disease , says Chu .
" If we can't cure cancer in 50 years , " he says , " it will be tragic but life will go on .
But if we can't develop carbon - neutral fuel sources , life will change for everyone . "
Source : Institute of Physics
You 've seen the other battery hacks , now get ready to save hundreds of dollars a year with this simple hack ...
You 've seen the other battery hacks , now get ready to save hundreds of dollars a year with this simple hack of a 6 volt battery !
FOR ENTERTAINMENT
PURPOSES ONLY !
NOT RESPONSIBLE for anything that happens as a result of you trying to open one of these batteries !
Last night I attended a meeting at our local school .
It was part of a larger program put on by the police to teach parents how to prevent their kids from using drugs when they get older .
My personal objective was to make it through the night without making any inappropriate jokes that would embarrass my wife .
It was a narrow escape .
Let me tell you , there are some situations where it is physically painful to be me .
There was one point in the program where I think I ruptured a spleen trying to keep the jokes in .
It came during the module on methamphetamines .
A parent asked why anyone would take meth , given all the downside risk and side effects .
One of the policemen answered that meth releases 50 times more serotonin in the brain than an orgasm .
Then they showed a before and after picture that looked a lot like this one :
http://www.drugfree.org/Portal/DrugIssue/MethResources/faces/photo_8.html
So I ’m sitting there , doing the calculations in my head :
Okay , that ’s 4.5 years of meth use , once a day , 365 days in a year , 50 times more serotonin than an orgasm … that ’s the equivalent of 80,000 orgasms .
On the downside , your teeth rot out , your skin itches until you scratch it off , you vomit , have withdrawals , possibly burn down the neighborhood , and roll around in your own filth while your life becomes a living Hell .
And there is the jail thing .
Still , 80,000 orgasms …
I wanted to raise my hand while the “ before and after ” pictures were up and ask , “ Is n’t that what anyone would look like after 80,000 orgasms ? ”
Or maybe , “ So , on balance , you ’re saying it ’s totally worth it ?
Or am I doing the math wrong ? ”
But I did n’t .
I listened for two and a half hours and tried my best to avoid looking like I had any of the telltale symptoms of hardcore addiction the policemen kept describing .
I ’m highly suggestible , so this was difficult .
When they talked about the uncontrollable fidgeting , I realized I was fidgeting .
When they talked about red eyes , I felt as if all the moisture in mine had evaporated .
When they talked about the teeth grinding , I had an uncontrollable impulse to grind mine .
I took deep breaths and tried to meditate so my pulse would n’t be too high – a sure sign of ecstacy use .
I do n’t think I was alone .
The audience looked like a warehouse of mannequins by the end of the night .
No one wanted to be a conspicuous fidgeter .
Then there was the bad guessing .
The policeman would hold up a bag of one sort of drug or another and ask if anyone knew how much it would cost .
No one wanted to nail the estimate on the first guess and have the drug dogs tearing out the upholstery in their minivan five minutes later .
I was planning my own bad estimates in case I got called on .
It would have gone something like this : “ That looks like about a pound of cocaine , so I ’m guessing it would be worth nine or ten dollars on the street .
Am I close ? ”
I managed to get through the night without embarrassing myself , and without getting strip searched .
I even got a free cookie , which spiked my blood glucose level and gave me a mild high , but I could n’t enjoy it .
CHRISTOPH NIEMANN
When Bob Dylan sang , “ To live outside the law you must be honest , ” he probably was n’t thinking of seventeenth - century pirate captains .
Nonetheless , his dictum seems to apply to them .
While pirates were certainly cruel and violent criminals , pirate ships were hardly the floating tyrannies of popular imagination .
As a fascinating new paper ( pdf ) by Peter Leeson , an economist at George Mason University , and “ The Republic of Pirates , ” a new book by Colin Woodard , make clear , pirate ships limited the power of captains and guaranteed crew members a say in the ship ’s affairs .
The surprising thing is that , even with this untraditional power structure , pirates were , in Leeson ’s words , among “ the most sophisticated and successful criminal organizations in history . ”
Leeson is fascinated by pirates because they flourished outside the state — and , therefore , outside the law .
They could not count on higher authorities to insure that people would live up to promises or obey rules .
Unlike the Mafia , pirates were not bound by ethnic or family ties ; crews were as remarkably diverse as in the “ Pirates of the Caribbean ” films .
Nor were they held together primarily by violence ; while pirates did conscript some crew members , many volunteered .
More strikingly , pirate ships were governed by what amounted to simple constitutions that , in greater or lesser detail , laid out the rights and duties of crewmen , rules for the handling of disputes , and incentive and insurance payments to insure that crewmen would act bravely in battle .
( The rules that governed a ship that the buccaneer John Exquemelin sailed on , for instance , provided that six hundred pieces of eight would go ( pdf ) to a man who lost his right arm . )
The Pirates ’ Code mentioned in the “ Caribbean ” series was not , in that sense , a myth , although in effect each ship had its own code .
But rules alone did not suffice .
Pirates also needed to limit the risk that their leaders would put individual interests ahead of the interests of the ship .
Most economists today would call this problem “ self - dealing ” ; Leeson uses the term “ captain predation . ”
Some pirates had turned to buccaneering after fleeing naval and merchant vessels , where the captain was essentially a dictator — “ his Authority is over all that are in his Possession , ” as one contemporary account had it .
Royal Navy and merchant captains guaranteed themselves full rations while their men went hungry , beat crew members at their whim , and treated dissent as mutinous .
So pirates were familiar with the perils of autocracy .
As a result , Leeson argues , pirate ships developed models that in many ways anticipated those of later Western democracies .
First , pirates adopted a system of divided and limited power .
Captains had total authority during battle , when debate and disagreement were likely to be both inefficient and dangerous .
Outside of battle , the quartermaster , not the captain , was in charge — responsible for food rations , discipline , and the allocation of plunder .
On most ships , the distribution of booty was set down in writing , and it was relatively equal ; pirate captains often received only twice as many shares as crewmen .
( Woodward writes that Privateer captains typically received fourteen times as much loot as crewmen . )
The most powerful check on captains and quartermasters was that they did not hold their positions by natural right or blood or success in combat ; the crew elected them and could depose them .
And when questions arose about the rules that governed behavior on board , interpretation was left not to the captain but to a jury of crewmen .
Leeson ’s analysis of pirate governance focusses mainly on the way in which this system deterred self - dealing .
But the pirate system was also based on an important insight : leaders who are great in a battle or some other crisis are not necessarily great managers , and concentrating power in one pair of hands often leads to bad decision - making .
Interestingly , although many law firms and Wall Street partnerships have taken this insight to heart — managing partners and top executives are often elected , and power in these organizations is generally more diffuse — most corporations since the mid-nineteenth century have behaved more like the Royal Navy , with C.E.O.s who have close to unlimited power and employees who have no say in who runs the organization or how it ’s administered .
C.E.O.s have never been kings — they ’re chosen by a company ’s board of directors and can be fired at any time — but in practice they have often functioned more like monarchs than like democratic rulers .
This model of C.E.O. leadership is increasingly being questioned , with a greater emphasis being placed , at least rhetorically , on the need for executives to be more responsive to employees and on the value of dividing authority ( although no one is seriously considering letting ordinary employees elect the boss ) .
Nonetheless , there is an abiding fear among executives and management theorists alike that moving too far beyond traditional top - down models , or putting too many restrictions on C.E.O. authority , will ultimately lead to inefficiencies and chaos .
In that sense , pirate governance , peculiar as it may sound , offers an intriguing example of how limits on executive power can actually make an enterprise more successful and , because workers are convinced they ’re being treated fairly , can deepen their commitment .
You can take this comparison only so far ; it ’s a lot harder to run a multibillion - dollar corporation than it is to chase down a brigantine , and it ’s unlikely that any American corporation is prepared to have its C.E.O. set his beard afire to intimidate the competition , as Blackbeard did .
But it may be only a matter of time before someone publishes “ The Management Lessons of Captain Kidd . ”
I ’d read it . ♦
C ORPORATE C RIME R EPORTER
Robert Reich and the Elimination of Corporate Criminal Liability
21 Corporate Crime Reporter 35 , September 6 , 2007
Corporate income tax ?
Out .
Corporate social responsibility ?
Out .
Corporate criminal liability ?
Out .
Milton Friedman ?
No .
Try Robert Reich .
Yes , the liberal , Robert Reich – Bill Clinton ’s Secretary of Labor .
In his new book , Supercapitalism : The Transformation of Business , Democracy and Everyday Life ( Knopf , 2007 ) , Reich says corporate social responsibility is a diversion and an illusion , the corporate income tax is inefficient and inequitable , and corporate criminal liability is based on an anthropomorphic fallacy that hurts a lot of innocent people .
But with Reich , it ’s a package deal .
Yes , he would eliminate corporate criminal liability .
Yes he would get rid of the corporate income tax .
But he would also strip corporations of their constitutional rights .
“ Corporations should have no more legal right to free speech , due process , or political representation in a democracy than do any other pieces of paper on which contracts are written , ” he writes .
“ Legislators or judges who grant corporations such rights are not being intellectually honest , or they are unaware of the effects of supercapitalsim .
Only people should possess such rights . ”
Reich says that while supercapitalism delivers products galore at low , low prices to the American consumer – at the same time it undermines democracy by flooding the public arena with private lobbyists , cash , and corporate influence .
The cure ?
Reich wants a bright line separation between the corporate and the public arenas .
In return , he ’d zero out corporate criminal liability and the corporate income tax .
“ Companies cannot act with criminal intent because they have no human capacity for intent , ” Reich says .
“ Arthur Andersen may have sounded like a person but the accounting firm was a legal fiction .
. . how can any jury , under any circumstances , find that a company ‘ knew ’ that ‘ its ’ actions were wrong ?
A company cannot know right from wrong .
A company is incapable of knowing anything .
Nor does a company itself take action .
Only people know right from wrong , and only people act .
That is a basic tenet of democracy . ”
Reich also says it makes no sense to treat companies as persons with legal rights to challenge in court democratically enacted laws and regulations .
“ That should be left to real citizens , ” he writes .
Noncitizens should have no right to sue to overturn a law or regulation in American courts unless the law or regulation breaches some international treaty .
“ Otherwise , decisions arrived at democratically can be overturned by people who are not even American citizens , ” he writes .
In January 2005 , nine global automakers sued California to block a new clean car law which required cars sold in California to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 30 percent by model year 2016 .
A majority of the shareholders of at least seven of those car companies were not American citizens , “ yet the court gave them standing to challenge , and to potentially overturn , a law enacted by the citizens of California , ” he writes .
“ This is nonsensical , ” Reich says .
“ Real citizenship should be the criterion – and by allowing only people rather than companies to sue , it can be . ”
Finally , Reich says that since only people can be citizens , “ only people should be allowed to participate in democratic decision making . ”
“ Consumers , investors , executives , and other employees all have a right to advance their interests within a democracy , ” he writes .
“ But as Yale political scientist Charles Lindblom concluded many years ago , neither ethically nor logically do corporations have a legitimate role in the democratic process . ”
Supercapitalism has led to the decline of democracy .
But it need not be .
“ We can have a vibrant democracy as well as a vibrant capitalism , ” Reich says .
But to get there , we have to separate the private from the public spheres .
“ The border between the two is breached when companies appear to take on social responsibilities or when they utilize politics to advance or maintain their competitive standing . ”
Home
Corporate Crime Reporter
1209 National Press Bldg .
Washington , D.C. 20045
202.737.1680
Having a nice and tidy server room with a properly organized cable system is something that IT people need to be concious of .
Re-organizing hundreds of tangled network cables is not what I would call a pleasing task , but unfortunately , it has to be done .
Not only will doing so make troubleshooting network problems easier , but it makes you appear more professional in front of your bosses or clients .
Most server rooms I ’ve seen ( in small to medium businesses ) are a usually built with little or no regard for cable management .
I do n’t have to tell you that such a situation can quickly transform your life into a troubleshooting nightmare , particularly when it comes to network connectivity problems .
Here are a few pictures of what I would call “ Cable Hell ” :
And now , here ’s what your cable - management system should look like :
I understand that making extensive changes could cost a lot of money ; fortunately , there are some simple ways to make your patch panel look professional and organized .
1- Make a connectivity map .
Put down ( on paper ) the location of all devices running in your environment and assign them a number .
2- Use these numbers to tag each device and their location on your patch panel .
3- Disconnect all network cables going from the patch panel to the switches and re-plug them in an orderly manner .
If you can get your hands on colored cables , use a color scheme to categorize devices .
( I.E. Servers could use red cables , printers yellow ones and workstations could use traditional blue ones . )
Voilà !
Now if you ’ve done things properly , your cable system should not look like a mess .
Just do n’t ask me to help you organize your desk – you ’re on your own on that one .
George W. Bush has shoved American politics into the dark realm of the lunatic right , zipping past Joe McCarthy into territory previously covered by historical accounts of Germany in the 1940s .
We 've lost our right to see an attorney , to confront our accusers , even to get a fair trial .
Government agents have kidnapped thousands of people , many of whom have never been heard from again .
Bush even signed an edict claiming the right to assassinate anyone , including you and me , based solely on his whims .
Torture , the ultimate sign that civilized society has been replaced by a police state , was repeatedly authorized by government officials who smirked the few times reporters had the temerity to ask them about it .
The 2000 , 2004 and 2008 presidential elections have been and will prove to be decisive moments in American history .
In each case the American people were offered a stark choice between a future of freedom and one under tyranny .
We must elect -- by an overwhelming , theft - proof majority - - a candidate who promises to renounce Bush and all his works .
A reform - minded president 's first act should be to sign a law that reads as follows :
" The federal government of the United States having been illegitimate and illegal since January 20 , 2001 , all laws , regulations , executive orders , and acts of commission or omission enacted between that infamous day and 12 noon Eastern Standard Time on January 20 , 2009 are hereby declared invalid and without effect . "
GuantÃ¡namo , secret prisons , extraordinary rendition , spying on Americans ' phone calls and emails , and " legal " torture would be erased .
Our troops should immediately pull out of Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran and Somalia ; we should apologize to our victims and offer to compensate them and their survivors .
Bush should never appear on any list of American presidents .
When he dies , his carcass should n't receive a state funeral .
It ought to be thrown in the trash .
Unfortunately , no one like that is running for president .
To the contrary , most of the major presidential candidates want to accelerate America 's slide into outright moral bankruptcy .
Inspired by what good people find appalling , America 's Mayor has turned into America 's Maniac .
Torture , says Rudy Giuliani , is smart .
He endorses the medieval practice of waterboarding , revived in CIA torture chambers after 9/11 , in which a person is strapped to a board , tipped back and forced to inhale water to induce the sensation of drowning .
" It depends on how it 's done , " Giuliani said when asked about waterboarding and whether it is torture .
" It depends on the circumstances .
It depends on who does it . "
Giuliani used to be a federal prosecutor .
Would he have used similar logic in the prosecution of an accused torturer ?
The mayor - turned - monster even used a campaign stop in Iowa to mock the victims of sleep deprivation , long acknowledged by international law as one of the severest forms of torture .
" They talk about sleep deprivation , " he said .
" I mean , on that theory , I 'm getting tortured running for president of the United States .
That 's plain silly .
That 's silly . "
Waterboarding causes pain , brain damage and broken bones ( from the restraints used on struggling victims ) , and death .
Survivors are psychologically scarred .
" Some victims were still traumatized years later , " Dr. Allen Keller , director of the Bellevue / New York University Program for Survivors of Torture , told The New Yorker .
" One patient could n't take showers , and panicked when it rained . "
Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin described the sleep deprivation he suffered as a captive of the Soviet KGB : " In the head of the interrogated prisoner , a haze begins to form .
His spirit is wearied to death , his legs are unsteady , and he has one sole desire : to sleep ...
Anyone who has experienced this desire knows that not even hunger and thirst are comparable with it . "
Giuliani is n't the only wanna be Torturer - in - Chief .
Congressman Tom Tancredo , a Colorado Republican , offered this Lincolnesque rhetorical gem at one of the debates : " What do we do in the response to a nuclear - - or the fact that a nuclear device or some bombs have gone off in the United States ?
We know that there are -- we have captured people who have information that could lead us to the next one that 's going to go off and it's the big one ... I would do -- certainly , waterboard - - I do n't believe that that is , quote , ' torture . ' "
In an appearance on Fox News ' " Hannity & Colmes , " Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee said the U.S. does and should torture : " We have received good solid information from [ torture ] , and have saved American lives because of it . "
Duncan Hunter made fun of the concentration camp at GuantÃ¡namo : " You got guys like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed [ a detainee victim of U.S. waterboarding ] , " who said that he planned the attack on 9/11 .
You got Osama bin Laden 's bodyguards .
Those guys get taxpayer - paid - for prayer rugs .
They have prayer five times a day .
They 've all gained weight .
The last time I looked at the menu , they had honey - glazed chicken and rice pilaf on Friday .
That 's how we treat the terrorists .
They 've got health care that 's better than most HMOs ... They live in a place called GuantÃ¡namo , where not one person has ever been murdered . "
Three inmates have been found dead at Gitmo .
( The military claimed they were suicides . )
As of August 2003 , at least 29 POWs had attempted suicide .
Scores of hunger strikers are being force - fed .
Fred Thompson says he wo n't authorize waterboarding " as a matter of course " but likes to keep his options open .
Mitt Romney punts questions about waterboarding : " I do n't think as a presidential candidate it is appropriate for me to weigh in on specific forms of interrogation that our CIA would employ .
In circumstances of extreme threat to the nation , where we employ what is known as enhanced interrogation techniques , we do n't describe those techniques . "
At a Democratic debate in New Hampshire , Barack Obama refused to rule out torture .
" Now , I will do whatever it takes to keep America safe .
And there are going to be all sorts of hypotheticals [ presumably , Tancredo 's hoary " ticking time bomb " fantasy ] and emergency situations , and I will make that judgement at that time . "
Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden said they agree with Obama .
Democrats Bill Richardson , John Edwards and Chris Dodd have offered unequivocal stances against torture .
On the Republican side , only John McCain and Ron Paul have done so .
Even McCain , himself a victim of torture in Vietnam , refuses to rule out voting to confirm Bush 's attorney general nominee , Michael Mukasey .
" If it amounts to torture , " Mukasey said of waterboarding , " then it is not constitutional . "
" If " ?
_______
About author Ted Rall is the author of " Ted Rall is the author of " The Anti-American Manifesto . "
His website is tedrall.com
Last updated at 16:51 02 November 2007
It may not resemble anyone or anything you 'd run into at a family reunion .
But this furry kite is apparently one of our closest living relatives .
Scientists say the colugo , which looks like a cross between a bat and a squirrel , is the last surviving example of a group of mammals called dermopterans .
After our fellow primates - apes , monkeys and lemurs - dermopterans apparently share the most genetic markers with us .
Scroll down for more ...
An announcement today will settle a debate that has been raging among scientists .
Since 1999 , it has been recognised that dermopterans , primates and another family of mammals , scandentians , belong to a single large family known as the Euarchonta .
Until now , however , many believed scandentians - of which the Asian tree shrew is the only living example - were closest to us .
For the latest study , published today in the journal Science , researchers compared major DNA alterations , called indels , in all three Euarchonta members .
Only one pointed to a tree shrew connection .
But there were seven rare genetic changes linking primates and colugos .
The study 's co-author William Murphy , from Texas A&M University , said : " Our molecular trees indicate that primates and colugos split approximately 86 million years ago . "
In the light of the primate connection , the scientists are calling for colugos to have their full genome sequenced .
The two remaining varieties of colugo live in the rainforests of the Philippines and Indonesia and other South - East Asian countries .
They travel from tree to tree on " wings " made from skin stretched between their limbs .
Ask an astronomer where the universe came from and you will probably get this story : Fourteen billion years ago , everything blasted out from a primordial fireball — an unimaginably dense , hot soup of fundamental particles — in a one - of - a- kind event called the Big Bang .
For a frantic fraction of a second , the space between things expanded a googol times over ( a 1 followed by 100 zeros ) .
Things then slowed down and cooled enough so matter could start condensing into the clusters of galaxies we now see moving away from us in all directions .
Yet Paul J. Steinhardt of Princeton University and Neil Turok of Cambridge University , two of the heaviest hitters in the field of theoretical cosmology , are not satisfied with this picture .
What , they wonder , was the universe like before the Big Bang ?
Though most astronomers regard the question as either irrelevant or unanswerable , in Endless Universe : Beyond the Big Bang ( Doubleday , $ 24.95 ) Steinhardt and Turok try to provide an answer .
They propose a “ cyclic universe ” model , in which our Big Bang is just one act in an eternal cycle of expansion and contraction .
A trillion years from now , by their calculations , space , time , and matter will crunch down into another fireball and reemerge as another Big Bang .
For eternity , the universe will swing between Big Bang and Big Crunch , a cosmic pendulum clock that never winds down .
Instead of the universe accelerating into oblivion as current cosmological thinking predicts , their model regards expansion as just a passing phase .
Only a small subculture of specialists fully appreciate this highly technical science .
So when the authors claim that our 3 - D universe is part of a 10 - dimensional “ brane ” and that cycles of expansion and contraction result from collisions between our cosmic brane and a neighboring one , the best most readers can do is visualize two giant hands clapping the universe into existence over and over again .
Nonetheless , Steinhardt and Turok are eloquent in describing how theoretical physicists puzzle through cosmic problems .
As appealing as these ideas may sound , readers should reserve judgment :
The next generation of ground - based observatories and space missions , described in the final chapters , may provide more clues about whether the universe is a one - hit wonder or a long - running show .
Did you ever notice how evocative moments of silence are ?
I ’m always emotionally moved when the PA announcer asks for a moment .
The silence of tens of thousands of people is powerful , indeed .
American culture is usually out - of - control cacophonous .
If we are n’t yapping with each other , there ’s a TV or radio blaring .
We are pummeled with noise everywhere we go , including waiting rooms , stores and airports .
We even bring our yapping and music to “ quiet ” places , such as national parks .
We just ca n’t help ourselves .
It is getting much too hard to find quiet places anymore .
That ’s why it ’s such a joy to be reminded to shut up , even for a moment , even if once in a while .
I also appreciated this simple attempt to remind the crowd to be quiet out of respect for Abraham Lincoln ’s accomplishments .
Not that this sign worked very well .
People still talked , almost as much as ever .
Children ran around unrestrained by their parents .
People shouted things like , “ Hey Bill !
Is n’t it about time to go get some hot dogs ? ”
So here ’s my idea .
Someone should start a new church called “ The Church of Quietude ” or “ The Church of Shut Up ” ( depending on how it is best marketed in a particular locale ) .
After the congregation files in , the person leading the “ ceremony ” would announce that everyone needs to be quiet for the next hour .
Completely quiet .
The church leader would announce that anyone persisting in making noise will go to hell ( not really , but it would get the attention of some of the folks who need extra incentive ) .
Perfectly quiet .
For one hour .
No fidgeting with programs or candy wrappers , either .
Or iPods .
The goal would be a complete hour of silence .
Maybe people attending would recognize how incredibly and delightfully different it is to be in a truly silent environment .
They would get used to hearing their own thoughts and their own heartbeats .
They might even learn to steer away from their inner thoughts entirely , focusing on their breathing or on the ( what I would believe to be ) overwhelming feeling of being merely one person among many people .
Sam Harris might even appreciate this service .
This idea is not original to me , except for the twist of doing it once a week for entire congregations .
Can you think of a better way to spend one hour per week than having everyone shut up , shutting off their internal and external spigots of noisy sound and music ?
Note to ministers : this will also cut down on your sermon preparation .
Perhaps such a church service would help people to recognize the near futility of words , insofar as words are often used for expressing “ ultimate ” meaning .
Fewer absurdities and inconsistencies would be uttered at this service than at any other .
The silence might bring revelations .
It might even bring humility .
It might bring a centeredness and a calm that would extend beyond the service .
Some would be tempted to call this silence “ God . ”
Some would call it sanity .
The smart ones would n’t call it anything at all and they would simply benefit from it .
今日は 、C言語の意外かもしれない仕様をいくつか。
配列の添え字のように見えるもの a[b ]
と書くと配列演算をしているような気分になるが、式の中に表れる a [ b ] は、(*( ( a ) + ( b ) ) )
の略記であり、ポインタの計算と何も変わるところがない*1。
というわけで： int a [ ] = { 1,2,3,5,8} ; int b [ 2 ] [ 2 ] ={ {1,2} , {5,9}} ; a [ 3 ] =100 ; printf ( " %d
" , 3 [ a ] ) ; /* 3 [ a ] は、*( 3+a ) なので 、 a [ 3 ] と同じ*/ b[ 1][ 0]=999 ; printf ( " %d == %d
" , 1 [ b ] [ 0 ] , 0 [ 1 [ b ] ] ) ; /* どちら も b [ 1 ] [ 0 ] と同じ */ となる。
( foo ( ) ? a : b ) [ 3 ] と書くよりも 3 [ foo ( ) ?a:b ]
と書いた方が短くなるので、ソースコードを1文字でも短くしようというゲームに参加している人は知っていると役に立つことがあるかもしれない。
そうでない人の役には立たないと思う。
typedef は先頭に書かなくてもいい これを知ったときは非常に驚いた。実は、typedef は先頭に書かなくてもいい。例えば以下の通り： unsigned typedef char foo ; /* たぶん正しいが、マイクロソフトコンパイラではエラー */ printf ( " %d
" , ( int ) ( foo ) - 1 ) ; /* y は unsigned char なので 、255 が出力される */ g++ は、私の意図通りにコンパイルするが、マイクロソフトはエラーにしてくれる。エラーにしてくれた方がいいと思う。
Barack Obama would make actions such as cable company Comcast 's interference with certain kinds of Internet traffic illegal under his administration , an aide said on Thursday .
The aide spoke on background as part of a morning conference call with bloggers and writers to further explain the details of the Democratic presidential candidate 's recently unveiled technology policy .
Asked whether Obama would make behavior such as Comcast 's blocking of the BitTorrent protocol illegal , the aide said that he would .
The aide said what Comcast is doing to BitTorrent amounts to discrimination against a Web site .
On that basis , that action would violate the rules that would be in place under Barack Obama 's administration , he said .
When asked to clarify – whether traffic management would then be illegal , the aide said that that is a different question , but that that would be something administration officials would have to " look at . "
Obama 's policy document , released Wednesday to coincide with his visit to Google in Mountain View , Ca. states the following :
Barack Obama supports the basic principle that network providers should not be allowed to charge fees to privilege the content or applications of some web sites and Internet applications over others .
This principle will ensure that the new competitors , especially small or non-profit speakers , have the same opportunity as incumbents to innovate on the Internet and to reach large audiences .
" What
I find compelling about the senator 's proposal is that it attempts to address the problem in a way that could be effectively enforced , " said
Stanford Law School Professor Larry Lessig during the conference call .
Lessig 's thrown his support behind Obama after declaring Obama rival Hillary Rodham Clinton 's approach to policy making unacceptable .
The professor noted that Obama 's adopted former Republican FCC Chairman Michael
Powell 's principles for ensuring Net Neutrality , but has added a twist .
" Senator Obama has added a requirement that any charges not be discrimminatory , " he said .
" You can't say : Google , were going to charge you this , Yahoo , we 're going to charge you that .
Rather than regulations that require the regulators to " look under the hood , this is a regulation that looks to the contracts that parties have entered into , thereby ... allowing the FCC to do its job to ensure a neutral and open Internet . "
The Associated Press recently conducted tests to verify several of Comcast customers ' claims that the cable and high speed Internet service provider is discriminating against
BitTorrent Internet traffic .
The AP found that it did , as did tests performed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Comcast , for its part , deniesthat it is discriminating .
Instead , its spokespeople have said that the company is managing its traffic to ensure the optimal experience for its users .
Nevertheless , the news has sparked off a lawsuit in California , as well as a call on Wednesday for a rulemaking at the FCC from Silicon Valley start - up Vuze , which uses BitTorrent to distribute high definition television programming on the Web .
Vuze wants the FCC to establish some new rules concerning the way telecom companies manage their networks .
Obama 's staff spoke on background , but others who spoke on the record during the call were Lessig , Beth Noveck of New York Law School and Julius Genachowski , co-founder and managing director of Rock Creek
Ventures and former chief counsel to Federal Communications Commission
Chairman Reed Hundt .
Obama 's policy staff also emphasized that their candidate 's tech policy
platform is a integral theme that dovetails with the " central thrust "
of his candidacy , which is to turn the current model of governing on its head by putting some of the decision - making processes of governing back into the hands of citizens .
An integral part of that process is making as much government data available in machine - readable formats to people as possible .
Though it sounds prosaic , the overarching goal is to create a kind of " open source " government , of which the work of the Sunlight Foundation is an example .
One example of how this might work is a pilot project spearheaded by NYLS '
Noveck , who helped to create the US Patent and Trademark Office ' Peer to Patent Project .
The project solicits contributions from the wider community for information relevant to a select group of patent applications .
The goal is to leverage the knowledge of experts in the wider community to prevent patent office examiners from granting monopolies on ideas that are already obvious .
" We can't rely on the government for all of the expertise and solutions , " Noveck said .
" What 's also really exciting about [ Obama 's ] plan is that it articulates a tremendous level of respect for the American people by asking them to help government make better decisions . "
The obvious subtext of the conference call : Obama 's technology platform is an enabling mechanism for his call for an open and transparent government " for the people " while rival Clinton 's camp offers a policy framework that is more of the same .
Clinton is currently under attackby her rivals and Republicans for the secrecy surrounding the records from her husband 's administration .
They are under wraps at the Clinton presidential library in Little Rock ,
Arkansas .
See Also :
Every so often , a package of marijuana arrives in Jason B. West ’s mail at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City .
While Dr. West may not be the only one on campus receiving deliveries of illegal drugs , he is probably the only one getting them compliments of the federal government .
Dr. West ’s marijuana supply is decidedly not for consumption .
It is meticulously cataloged and managed , repeatedly weighed to make sure none disappears , and returned to the sender ( a laboratory at the University of Mississippi ) or destroyed when he is done with it .
With financing from the Office of National Drug Control Policy , Dr. West , 34 , is creating a model that can identify the geographic origin of cannabis plants based on certain chemical calling cards .
The agency hopes to use the research to help decide where to concentrate its resources .
The research , the Marijuana Signature Project , relies on stable isotopes , which are forms of an element like nitrogen or oxygen , that have distinct atomic masses .
Long employed in ecological research , stable isotopes are increasingly used for forensic purposes , including investigations into blood doping , arson and trafficking in contraband like drugs and endangered species .
AFP
A supporter of constitutional reform
THE history of Venezuelan politics over the past eight years is littered with failed attempts by the opposition to halt the progress of the country 's increasingly authoritarian leftist president , Hugo Chávez .
These included an abortive coup in 2002 and a prolonged shut - down of the vital oil industry a few months later .
“ With failure after failure , ” reflected Teodoro Petkoff of Tal Cual , an anti-Chávez newspaper , in an editorial this week , “ the mistake of basing a strategy on the search for ‘ fast - track ' solutions became clear . ”
But with a referendum on a controversial constitutional reform due on December 2nd , the government seems to have been wrong - footed by an opposition student movement whose leaders neither seek to oust the president nor to stray from constitutional norms .
The students started to march and protest in late May when Mr Chávez refused to renew the broadcasting licence of the main opposition television channel , RCTV , on the grounds that it had supported the 2002 coup .
Although they failed to reverse the decision , they helped bring the issue of free speech to international attention .
Now they are attempting to derail the president 's bid to change the constitution to allow his indefinite re-election and to entrench his revolution by turning Venezuela into a socialist state .
The students have staged several big marches in the centre of the capital , Caracas , which Mr Chávez 's supporters consider to be their own territory .
The student leaders say they want to press the parliament , the supreme court and the electoral authority to delay the referendum on the grounds that only a tiny minority of voters are familiar with the sweeping constitutional changes proposed .
The students ' arguments chime with complaints from a segment of Mr Chávez 's own supporters who have broken with him over the constitutional reform .
These include Podemos , a small democratic socialist group , and Raúl Baduel , who stepped down as defence minister earlier this year and who as commander of the armoured division during the 2002 coup was instrumental in returning Mr Chávez to power .
General Baduel and Podemos have both called for a “ no ” vote in the referendum .
They argue that the constitutional changes hand more power to the president at the expense of the citizen , and that they are illegal since they should have been discussed by a Constituent Assembly , rather than the parliament .
If the reform goes ahead , this would amount in practice to “ a coup ” , General Baduel said .
Mr Chávez has dismissed the students as spoiled “ rich kids ” , angry at the prospect of losing their privileges .
He alleges that they are part of a “ fresh fascist onslaught , supported by the media ” .
The government has deployed against them counter - demonstrators , who hurl insults — and sometimes rocks and bottles — from behind lines of riot police .
After a recent march , the campus of the Central University was transformed into a battlefield by chavistas armed with handguns and riding motorbikes , dozens of whom passed through police lines .
When this was denounced by the university 's rector , the interior minister , Pedro Carreño , dressed in the red shirt of a chavista militant , went on television to blame the university authorities and opposition students for the violent incidents .
The students had tried to “ lynch ” their adversaries , he said .
Mr Chávez has often won political victories by luring the opposition into confrontation .
A radical minority of the opposition favours abstaining in the referendum and has issued vague threats of direct action .
It appears to have little support among the students .
Opinion polls suggest a majority of Venezuelans may be against the reform .
But a low turn - out may still hand victory to Mr Chávez on December 2nd .
In 1928 , a student movement shook , but failed to dislodge , the lengthy dictatorship of General Juan Vicente Gómez .
In 1958 students played a big role in a popular uprising against another Venezuelan dictator .
Student leaders are well aware of these precedents .
But they say they are not trying to overthrow the elected government , and argue that they are not a substitute for a credible political opposition .
“ We can't do it alone , ” said Yon Goicoechea , one of the movement 's leaders .
