It is a chicken and egg question – did mammals evolve nutritional milk before or after they abandoned yolky eggs ?
“ Milk was originally for egg wetting , ” says Henrik Kaessman at the University of Lausanne in Switzerland .
Instead of a hard shell , the first mammalian eggs had a parchment - like covering which mothers rolled in milk to prevent them drying out , he says .
Today , placental and marsupial mammals nourish their newborn young with milk containing a calcium - packed protein called casein .
It was suspected that even though the platypus lays eggs , its milk would also have casein - like proteins , which Kaessman ’s team confirmed through genetic analysis .
This finding suggests nutritional milk would have arisen in all mammals in a common ancestor , up to 310 million years ago .
Advertisement
Kaessman says mammals abandoned yolky eggs long after they began lactating , as confirmed by his genetic analysis of three genes for a protein called vitellogenin , which ferries nutrients into the yolky egg .
All the genes are active in chickens .
None are functioning in placental or marsupial mammals , but one still works in the platypus , which has small yolks in its eggs .
Journal reference : PLoS Biology ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0060063 )
By PAUL SIMS
Last updated at 11:00 13 March 2008
Every day , Andrew Forster toiled in the restaurant kitchen to produce delicious dishes – chicken with a mango salad , skewered king prawns , handmade pasta and pizza , and all manner of tempting concoctions .
Yet the talented chef never tasted the results of his labours ... because he suffered from a food phobia .
Instead , he claims that for around 25 years he survived on biscuits , mostly Blue Riband , Club and rich tea .
" I used to get through two packets of biscuits a day , " 27 - year - old Mr Forster said yesterday .
Scroll down for more ...
Cookie monster :
For the last 25 years , chef Andrew Forster has had a diet of mainly biscuits
" When I was 18 months old , I stopped eating .
Experts advised my mum to starve me as I 'd eventually eat but the only thing I 'd want was biscuits .
" Just the thought of eating different foods would make me anxious and I'd
start to feel sick . "
Bizarrely , his biscuit addiction failed to damp his desire to become a chef and he is now in charge of the kitchen at the Sale Pepe Italian restaurant in
Shotley Bridge , County Durham .
Scroll down for more ...
Fear of food : Andrew Forster is a chef but he does n't eat anything except biscuits - plus the occasional bowl of cereal or packet of crisps
He had no choice but to rely on the verdict of his staff before sending dishes out to the customers .
Unable to enjoy his creations , he settled instead for a diet of sweet snacks
and his favourite , Tunnock 's Caramel Wafers .
His problems came to a head when his 24 - year - old girlfriend Caroline Lister
wrote to food experts about his selective diet .
With a daily intake largely made up of biscuits , plus the odd piece of toast , packet of crisps or bowl of cereal , he was missing out on nutrients .
He said : " Along with the health issues , my diet was affecting every aspect of
life , including socialising and work .
" I'm a theory chef so I know what foods go together but would always get someone else in the kitchen to taste what I 'd created .
I 'd think , ' That smells delicious ' – but the thought of tasting it would make me feel sick .
" I always thought deep down it was psychological and that I was the only person in the world that had it . "
Andrew 's biscuit cravings led to him featuring on BBC3 TV show Freaky Eaters .
With the help of a psychologist and nutritionist , he is now trying other foods and biscuits are now solely a treat .
" It 's fantastic to be able to taste good food for once , " he said .
Download Download ( h/t Logan for vids , which include his " big stick " comments against the Democratic leadership )
In October 2004 , as the administration ’s Iraq policy was failing on all fronts , Dick Cheney bragged that Iraq was “ a remarkable success story . ”
In June 2005 , in this midst of devastating violence in Iraq , Cheney bragged that Iraq “ will be an enormous success story . ”
And now , in December 2007 , Cheney is convinced that Iraq “ will be an enormous success story . ”
Vice President Cheney today predicted Iraq will be a self - governing democracy by the time he leaves office , calling the current U.S. surge strategy “ a remarkable success story ” that will be studied for years to come . [...]
“ I am fairly confident we ’ll have [ Iraq ] in a good place , where we ’ll be able to look back on it and say , ‘ That was the right decision .
It was a sound decision going into Iraq , ’ ” Cheney told us in a 40 - minute White House interview .
Cheney , who has been wrong about every aspect of Iraq policy since 1992 , added that by the middle of January 2009 , it will be clear that “ we have in fact achieved our objective in terms of having a self - governing Iraq that ’s capable for the most part of defending themselves , a democracy in the heart of the Middle East , a nation that will be a positive force in influencing the world around it in the future . ”
Asked if all of these remarkable accomplishments can be achieved in just 14 months , Cheney replied , “ Yes , sir . ”
And since the Vice President has a great track record of making reasonable , accurate predictions about Iraq , there ’s certainly no reason to laugh , mock , and point at Cheney as some kind of misguided , mendacious fool , right ?
Oh wait ....
Welcome to the 63rd Philosophers ’ Carnival .
The subject was Comedy and there are three sections : the first is about theories of comedy and philosophy , and second is a roundup of recently funny things with a philosophical bent .
At the end I put submissions of non-comedic philosophical musings .
Part 1 : Comedic Theory
Did you hear the one about the philosopher writing a book on humour ?
via Continental Philosophy
Philosophy Through Humor on ‘ Philosophy Talk ’ radio program .
Listen by clicking the Listen Online link on the page ( they will ask for a fee if you try to download the file ) :
“ Why did Nietzsche cross the road ?
To get beyond good and evil !
How is a good joke like a good philosophical argument ?
Are philosophical tenets at the core of much of humor ?
To find out , join the philosophers and their guests , Thomas Cathcart and Daniel Klein , authors of Plato and A Platypus Walk Into a Bar : Understanding Philosophy Through Jokes . ”
A post called Not Pure Drivel discusses comedians with comic and philosophical insight at Ideas of Imperfection .
Kieran also has this post on philosophical humor .
It ’s old but good .
My inspiration for this Carnival : The Birth of Comedy out of the Suicide of Tragedy .
It ’s a theory of comedy from Nietzsche that I found picking through The Birth of Tragedy , with modern examples from Leno and Letterman .
— — — — — ——
Part 2 : Comedic Practice
New Philo - Gangsta Rap on Descartes from Philosophy Sucks !
( There ’s some mild cussing - nothing a ten year old would n’t know , but I figured I ought warn you . )
Harry Frankfurt ( of On Bullshit fame ) on The Daily Show via Leiter Reports .
Make sure you get to part 2 of the clip .
Philosophy teams on fragments of consciousness .
Maybe someone can start a running battle à la The Superest .
How to tell if you suck at telling philosophical jokes at A brood comb .
Check out this ( submitted to carnival but not funny ) post while you are there .
Kant Attack
Ad on Youtube .
Check out the response : Nietzsche Attack Ad .
Something for the philosopher of mathematics to ponder : Mobius Battle on xkcd .
I personally wonder about the haecceity of stick figures …
The Unprovability of False Hope .
Another cartoon that made me smile at ThadGuy.com
Seize this Honkus ! on the Philosophy Blog .
You have likely seen it a long time ago , but that does n’t make it any less awesome .
A Philosophy Job Market
Blog ‘s motto is , “ It ’d be funny if it were happening to someone else . ”
Funny sad , not funny ha-ha , but funny nonetheless about the trials and tribulations finding work in philosophy .
I linked the whole blog ( not only a single post ) to show moral support .
And lastly , classic Bugs , Daffy and Elmer Fudd Loony Toons episodes are now up on Youtube .
If Wittgenstein had only lived three more weeks he would have had a good laugh at the duck - rabbit confusion ( My thanks to Opiniatrety for connecting Bugs - Daffy to Wittgenstein ) .
Rabbit Fire ( 19 May 1951 ) , Rabbit Seasoning ( 1952 ) and Duck Rabbit Duck ( 1953 ) .
It ’s gold for philosophy of language and laughs .
— — — — — ————-
— — — — — — —— ——
–
Part 3 : The Rest
Just a few of the other submitted posts … if you are n’t here , resubmit !
Stop changing your mind ! : Spinoza and Buffalo .
Gordon Baker and Wittgenstein ’s Method
There are just as many F’s as G’s : Included for using the word ‘ equinumerosity . ’
How to find work in the United Kingdom : Thom Brooks , yay !
Hempelian Deductive and Probablity Laws
Apple on Tuesday quietly released its much - anticipated Apple TV " Take 2 " software update , which introduces a brand new on - sreen interface and allows users to rent high definition movies directly from their widescreen TVs .
The update is available for existing Apple TV owners by selecting the " Update Software " option under the " Settings " menu .
Once selected , the software requires approximately 6 minutes to download on a broadband connection and another 10 to 15 minutes to install .
During the install process , it appears as if the Apple TV runs through three distinct update sessions in which the Apple logo and update progress bar will appear , complete an update , and then disappear three times .
With iTunes Movie Rentals and the new Apple TV software update ( AppleInsider 's First Look ) , users will be able to just click a button on their remote to rent movies from a catalog of over 1,000 titles , including over 100 titles in high definition video with 5.1 Dolby Digital surround sound , with no computer required .
DVD - quality iTunes Movie Rentals are $ 2.99 for library titles and $ 3.99 for new releases , and high definition versions are just one dollar more with library titles at $ 3.99 and new releases at $ 4.99 .
The Apple TV software take 2 software update is available as a free automatic download to all existing Apple TV customers , and will subsequently appear on all newly manufactured versions of the wireless set - top - box .
Apple TV , which includes the Apple Remote , is available for a suggested retail price of $ 229 for the 40 GB model and $ 329 for the 160 GB model ( US and Canada ) .
However , Mac Mall is offering free shipping , a $ 5 instant savings , plus a three percent added discount at checkout ( via this link ) , which brings the cost of the 40 GB model down to $ 217.28 ( reflected at checkout ) .
Apple TV requires an 802.11g / n wireless network or 10/100 Base - T Ethernet networking , a broadband Internet connection and a high definition widescreen TV .
Automating Etch A Sketch units to pull off all sorts of mesmerizing tricks is certainly not new , but angelabuilds ' beautifully created Etch A Sketch clock truly is a notch above the rest .
Reportedly , it was built upon the Arduino platform and obviously references a few other EAS masterpieces , but we really can't think of a better wall clock for the true geek .
Click on through to check out a video of the unit drawing 11:41 and moving on to 11:42 -- seriously , watching the seconds tick away has never been more riveting .
[ Via MAKE , thanks Nick ]
Chris Matthews : Hillary Clinton 's new ad is ' about menace ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday February 29 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Presidential candidate Barack Obama has been steadily increasing his standing in the polls and showing apparently unstoppable momentum .
He is raising more money than Hillary Clinton and outspending her two to one in Ohio and Texas , which hold their primaries next Tuesday .
Democratic strategist Robert Shrub told NBC , " What this financial advantage enables him to do is to sustain a very rich organization ... and at the same time , basically own the airways . "
Clinton 's latest attempt to counter Obama 's appeal to a widespread desire for change is a new ad which plays on fears of danger and crisis .
Over images which juxtapose peacefully sleeping children with a 3 am call to the Oval Office , a voice states portentously , " Something 's happening in the world .
Your vote will decide who answers that call .
Whether it 's someone who already knows the world 's leaders , knows the military , someone tested and ready to lead in a dangerous world ...
Who do you want answering the phone ?
"
" The message ... is a pretty obvious one , " NBC's Matt Lauer commented to Chris Matthews of MSNBC .
" Is it going to work ? " " Clearly , it 's about menace .
It 's about fear , " answered Matthews .
" F. Scott Fitzgerald once said that in the deepest part of the soul , it 's always three o'clock in the morning .
I think they 're playing on that fear of a new guy on the block they do n't know that well . "
The ad , by the creator of Walter Mondale 's 1984 " red phone " ad , has already been dismissed by the Obama campaign as offering a " worn out " message .
Matthews suggested that the Clinton strategy at this point may be to write off
Texas but hope to pull out a win in Ohio by targeting more conservative voters in that state and then carry the same approach over to Pennsylvania , which holds its primary in late April .
" Win Ohio on this bit of fear here , bit of menace from Obama , " Matthews stated .
" Hope that there 's a pushback in Ohio against him .
...
Then go on to Pennsylvania .
...
The former governor of Pennsylvania said that Pennsylvania is a John Wayne state , not a Jane Fonda state .
Play on the fact that maybe this guy 's too new , too hip .
Pennsylvania does n't want to be that hip . "
Matthews concluded that " they need a big break against Obama to win this thing , " while Obama just has to hold tight and avoid making mistakes .
MSNBC has been perceived of being anti-Clinton and has even been accused by the Clinton campaign and some supporters of carrying on a " grudge match " against her .
This video is from NBC's Today Show , broadcast February 29 , 2008 .
ONE year after the birth of Windows Vista , why do so many Windows XP users still decline to “ upgrade ” ?
Microsoft says high prices have been the deterrent .
Last month , the company trimmed prices on retail packages of Vista , trying to entice consumers to overcome their reluctance .
In the United States , an XP user can now buy Vista Home Premium for $ 129.95 , instead of $ 159.95 .
An alternative theory , however , is that Vista ’s reputation precedes it .
XP users have heard too many chilling stories from relatives and friends about Vista upgrades that have gone badly .
The graphics chip that could n’t handle Vista ’s whizzy special effects .
The long delays as it loaded .
The applications that ran at slower speeds .
The printers , scanners and other hardware peripherals , which work dandily with XP , that lacked the necessary software , the drivers , to work well with Vista .
Can someone tell me again , why is switching XP for Vista an “ upgrade ” ?
Here ’s one story of a Vista upgrade early last year that did not go well .
Jon , let ’s call him , ( bear with me  I ’ll reveal his full identity later ) upgrades two XP machines to Vista .
Then he discovers that his printer , regular scanner and film scanner lack Vista drivers .
He has to stick with XP on one machine just so he can continue to use the peripherals .
Senator John McCain made Tuesday 's Worst Person in the World honors for mistakenly accusing Iran of training al Qaeda members then sending them back into Iraq for the THIRD time , and guess what ?
Grandpa McCain did it again today .
Keith Olbermann breaks down the chain of errors on Wednesday 's Countdown that appears to signal a pattern for the aging Senator .
Download Download
Contrary to what McCain 's campaign reported , the Senator did not correct himself , he was aided by his new BFF , Joe Lieberman .
Keith talks with Newsweek 's Jonathan Alter about McCain 's multiple , identical gaffes and notes that he probably is n't that concerned about conflating Iran and al Qaeda as they 're trying to give the false impression that everybody in Iraq is a bad guy to begin with .
Alter does n't see these gaffes as " senior moments , " but I 'm not so sure .
If you watch the video , McCain looks lost and confused .
As Blue Texan asks at FDL --
Is this the guy you want answering the phone at 3 am , and can we really afford four more years of this kind of cluelessness ?
As David Letterman says ;
He 's old .
以前は、Railsのhelperメソッドのオプションや細かい挙動を調べるために、 secondlife さんの http://api .rails2u.c om / や、 :::ruby.se arch : :: のお世話になることが多かったのですが、 近頃ではRailsのドキュメントを参照する機会が減ってきました。
細かい理由はいろいろあるのですが、一番大きいのは、 以前紹介したRak を使って直接Railsのソースを確認するのが便利な事です。
使い方はこんな感じです。
vendor / rai ls 以下 にRailsをfreezeさせます。
以下 にRails をfreezeさせます。 GNU screenで cd vendor / rai ls したスクリーンを用意しておきます 。
したスクリーンを用意しておきます。 何か調べたいときは、 rak def\ method_nam e を実行して、出てきたファイルをvimで読む 。
を実行して、出てきたファイルをvimで読む。 Rtags（rails.vimの機能）でジャンプもできる。
[ IfP does not endorse any candidate for president or any other office .
However , this post allows us to comprehensively cover the impeachment movement . ]
Gravel , Mike —
While I ’ve been outspoken in favor of the Impeachment of Vice President Cheney and President Bush since last July , today I ’m announcing my very strong and unqualified support for Impeachment .
I want to very clearly and emphatically affirm the imperative of Impeachment as the Presidential Campaign begins to move into high gear and as the media is busy anointing the “ front runners . ” 
As a Candidate for President , and most importantly as an American , I firmly believe that our most important and highest priority , both as individual American citizens and as a whole Nation , is to protect , defend , and nourish the foundation of American Democracy : the US Constitution and Bill of Rights .
Every other issue is of secondary importance .
I ’ve chosen to run for President to effect what I consider to be much needed change .
When people go to Internet websites that match them with the candidates that best reflect their own concerns and priorities , a very large number of voters find that I am the candidate best advocating the issues they most care about .
However , today I want to unequivocally state : without Impeachment first , what I or any other worthy Presidential candidate wants to accomplish is very unlikely to happen .
Our words will in fact become another empty campaign promise and another sad political fantasy .
Why am I making such a statement ?
Let ’s review a few supremely important and disturbing facts :
Without Impeachment before we choose the next Administration , we as a Nation will be setting a legal precedent .
We will be saying yes to the systematic destruction of the Constitution and Bill of Rights engineered by Vice President Cheney and President Bush , and will be formally agreeing to the end of American Democracy .
We , as Americans , will be giving our approval and consent to the idea that the Vice President and President are indeed above the law , that they are in fact a law unto themselves .
Cheney and Bush have openly boasted about their supposed right to break the law .
This administration has claimed that it has the right to spy on Americans without a warrant .
This administration has decided that it has no obligation to respond to any lawful subpoenas from Congress , and that it may invoke Presidential signing statements to declare its right to ignore any Federal Law .
This administration thinks it has the authority to arbitrarily strip any American of his or her citizenship .
This administration has illegally declared that it has supreme overriding authority .
The Vice President and the President have accumulated and consolidated unprecedented power that has replaced the co-equal system of checks and balances mandated by the Constitution with a new Imperial Presidency .
This imperialism has given the President far - reaching powers that our founding fathers would quickly recognize as tyranny .
The illegitimate authority of this newly constructed imperial Presidency “ “ this Supreme Commander - in - Chief created by Cheney and Bush “ “ has replaced the Rule - of - Law based on the Constitution and Bill of Rights .
Our system of co-equal branches of government , the unique and revolutionary principle of American Democracy , the great leap of faith that people could actually govern themselves , has been subverted .
It is now almost dead .
America , the world ’s oldest Democracy , is an astonishingly brilliant system of government based on carefully crafted and refined checks and balances between co-equal branches of government .
The civil liberties given birth by this revolutionary form of government over 200 years ago are rapidly ending .
Our political elite , those we have entrusted to be the people ’s representatives , have failed .
Their oath of office , to protect and defend the Constitution , has been disregarded in the light of political power .
When we have a Vice President and President who openly declare they are above the law of the land , above the Constitution , how can we as Americans pretend that we live in a Democracy ?
If We The People do not take action to demand accountability in the form of Impeachment , we become passive accomplices to the silent overthrow of American Democracy .
It is now time for the People to become leaders .
We must teach our elected representatives to act in accordance with their oath of office and effect immediate impeachment of those who have committed these crimes against the Constitution .
If we do not act now we are all personally endorsing , sanctioning , and indeed celebrating , the end of the Bill of Rights , Habeas Corpus and all other fundamental civil liberties and democratic values .
Such values have been the foundation of American Democracy for over 200 years .
The media - anointed “ front - running ”  Presidential Candidates simply do not have the courage to tell the American public the truth .
If we elect any candidate from any party without first impeaching this outlaw Administration , we endorse and elect a new Imperial President of the United States .
This cements into place a failed Democracy whose citizens have passively chosen to relinquish the cherished freedoms millions have fought and died to protect .
Do we really believe that we can trust the next President to give back the dramatically expanded power of the Unitary Executive ?
Once absolute power has been granted , it is never relinquished voluntarily .
We need to stop kidding ourselves .
Let us summon 1 % of the courage that those who landed on the beaches of Normandy had and recognize what is painfully obvious to the rest of the World : we are rapidly losing every fundamental freedom we thought we were fighting the “ terrorists ”  to protect .
In six short years , the Vice President and the President have actively conspired to commit the most grievous crimes against our Constitution and the personal freedoms it guarantees .
America has gone from being perhaps the most admired and respected nation on the planet to becoming the ultimate rogue state .
The world ’s only remaining superpower is now feared as the greatest threat to world peace .
The Constitutional system of checks and balances that are the foundation of our civil liberties have been gutted .
America has become the only “ civilized ”  state to declare its right to arbitrarily imprison , torture , and spy on anyone it chooses to , including its own citizens .
We are also the only state to officially declare a right to wage lethal preemptive war on any nation that dares to threaten its exclusive superpower status .
Every democratic nation has the government that is created by active participation of its citizens .
Impeachment is the only option for us , as Americans , to effectively wake ourselves up from this collective nightmare .
It is the only way for us to demonstrate to ourselves and the rest of the world that we are the Americans we like to believe we are .
We need to demonstrate that we actually can summon the courage to live up to our self - proclaimed ideals .
Enough is enough .
This is NOT allowed .
There is a lot of very good news that makes me tremendously hopeful that we as a nation are starting to wake up and insist our Congressional representatives act to make Impeachment happen now .
Our corporate controlled media works very hard to portray impeachment as a fringe issue not worthy of serious consideration , even though polls show the negative approval ratings of this administration have surpassed all historic records .
Reputable national polling shows that 54 % want the Vice President impeached and 45 % of voters favor Impeachment for the President .
We The People are indeed waking up “ “ we have learned not to rely on the old top - down corporate media dinosaurs to tell us what they have decided is “ the news . ” 
Fortunately , We The People have an amazing network of online alternative information sources .
These rapidly evolving reality - based , user - driven , independent media sites have made us our own news editors .
We The People are now realizing that we must act now to take the initiative to demand that our elected representatives in Congress initiate immediate Impeachment hearings .
From the bottom - up , we have begun the process to restore the Rule - of - Law in America .
Here ’s what we can all do now to take effective action :
Join your fellow Americans and Congressman Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) , a member of the House Judiciary committee , by signing his petition that asks all other members of the Judiciary Committee to join his call for immediate hearings on the Impeachment of the Vice President .
Continue Reading
Grass , right , in 1944 , at sixteen , when he was drafted into the Labor Service .
Photograph by Karl - Heinz Kalkbrenner
In 1943 , when I was a fifteen - year - old schoolboy in Danzig , I volunteered for active duty .
When ?
Why ?
Since I do not know the exact date and cannot recall the by then unstable climate of the war , or list its hot spots from the Arctic to the Caucasus , all I can do for now is string together the circumstances that probably triggered and nourished my decision to enlist .
No mitigating epithets allowed .
What I did can not be put down to youthful folly .
No pressure from above .
Nor did I feel the need to assuage a sense of guilt , at , say , doubting the Führer ’s infallibility , with my zeal to volunteer .
It happened while I was serving in the Luftwaffe auxiliary — a force made up of boys too young to be conscripts , who were deployed to defend Germany in its air war .
The service was not voluntary but compulsory then for boys of my age , though we experienced it as a liberation from our school routine and accepted its not very taxing drills .
Rabidly pubescent , we considered ourselves the mainstays of the home front .
The Kaiserhafen battery became our second home .
At first there were attempts to keep school going , but , as classes were too often interrupted by field exercises , the mostly frail , elderly teachers refused to travel the wearisome dirt road to our battery .
We got to use our 88 - mm. guns only two or three times , when a few enemy bombers were sighted in our airspace in the beam of the searchlights .
Massive raids — the kind that Cologne , Hamburg , Berlin , and the Ruhr Basin cities suffered — we did not experience .
No damage worthy of the name , few casualties .
We were proud to have shot down a four - engined Lancaster bomber ; the “ rather charred ” crew members were said to have been Canadians .
As a rule , however , service in the Luftwaffe auxiliary was dreary , though dreary in a different way from school .
We were especially turned off by nightly guard duty and ballistics classes , which dragged on forever in the musty classroom barracks .
We had every other weekend off .
We could , as they put it , “ go home to Mama . ”
And , each time , my joy at the thought of the visit was tempered by my pain at the thought of our cramped quarters — a two - room flat adjoining the small grocery store that my parents ran , where the only space that I could call my own was a low niche under the sill of the right - hand living - room window .
At home , I kept bumping into things and into the lack of things : a bathroom and a toilet , for instance .
All we had at the battery was a common shower room and , beyond it , a common latrine .
There we would squat next to one another , shitting into a pit , and that did n’t bother me at all .
But , at home , the toilet on the landing , shared by four flats , grew more and more distasteful to me : it was always filthy from the neighbors ’ children , or occupied when you needed it .
It stank , and its walls were smeared with fingerprints .
The two - room hole .
The family trap .
Everything there conspired to constrain the weekend visitor .
Not even the mother ’s hand could smooth away the son ’s distress .
True , he was no longer expected to sleep in his parents ’ bedroom like his sister , but even on the couch made up for him in the living room he remained a witness to the married life that continued unbroken from Saturday to Sunday .
That is , I could hear — or thought I could hear — sounds I had heard , muffled as they were , from childhood on , sounds that had lodged in my mind in the form of a monstrous ritual : the anticipatory whispers , the lip - smacking , the creaking bedsprings , the sighing horsehair mattress , the moaning , the groaning , the entire aural repertory of lovemaking , so potent , especially in the dark .
I had a clear picture of all the variations on marital coupling , and in my cinematic version of the act the mother was always the victim : she yielded , she gave the go - ahead , she held out to the point of exhaustion .
The hatred of a mother ’s boy for his father , the subliminal battleground that determined the course of Greek tragedies and has been so eloquently updated by Dr. Freud and his disciples , was thus , if not the primary cause , then at least one of the factors in my push to leave home .
I racked my brain for flight routes .
They all ran in one direction : the front , or one of the many fronts , as quickly as possible .
I tried to pick a quarrel with my father .
It was n’t easy .
It would have taken massive recriminations , and , peace - loving family man that he was , he was quick to give in .
Anything to maintain harmony .
The progenitor had a constant wish for the offspring on his lips : “ I want your life to be better .
. . .
You will have a better life than ours . ”
Try as I might to turn him into a bugbear , he was not made for the role .
Yet the suddenly unbearable two - room flat and four - family toilet on the half - landing could not have been the sole cause of my urge to enlist .
My schoolmates had grown up in five - room flats with their own bathrooms , supplied with rolls of toilet paper instead of the newsprint we tore into squares .
Some of them even lived in fancy private houses and had rooms of their own , yet they , too , yearned to get away , to go to the front .
Like me , they wanted to face danger without fear , to sink ship after ship , knock out tank after tank , or fly through the skies in the latest - model Messerschmitts , picking off enemy bombers .
After Stalingrad , however , the situation at the front went downhill .
Anyone who , like my Uncle Friedel , was tracking it with colored thumbtacks on specially enlarged , cardboard - backed maps had trouble keeping up with developments in the East and in North Africa .
At best , he could register the successes of our ally Japan at sea and in Burma , though our submarines occasionally padded the bulletins with the number and register tonnage of ships they had sunk .
In the Atlantic and up near the Arctic , they ’d attack convoys in packs .
No , it was n’t the newspapers that fed my hero worship but the newsreels : I was a pushover for the prettified black - and - white “ truth ” they served up .
Not one newsreel failed to show the submarines returning home victorious , and since I , when home on leave , would lie awake for hours on the living - room couch after seeing them on the screen , I had plenty of opportunity to picture myself as a ship ’s mate during a stormy tower watch , swathed in oilskins , covered with spray , spyglass trained on the dancing horizon .
. . .
It must have been possible for a Luftwaffe auxiliary to trade a weekend leave for a Wednesday or Thursday off .
In any case , one thing is clear : after one long day ’s march , I took the tram from Heubude to the Central Station , and from there the train via Langfuhr and Zoppot to Gotenhafen , where Navy recruits were trained to handle submarines .
It took all of an hour to reach the goal of my dreams of heroism .
I found the recruitment office in a low , Polish - period building where , behind a row of doors with signs , bureaucratic rigmarole was processed , passed on , filed .
After signing in , I was told to wait for my name to be called .
There were two or three older boys ahead of me .
I did not have much to say to them .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Robersdee runs through some basic tricks and sleight of hand with full expanations .
entertain your friends ...
Robersdee runs through some basic tricks and sleight of hand with full expanations .
entertain your friends and family and win a few drinks at a bar .
Adobe Systems has confirmed it will help sponsor the work of the SQLite database project , joining a new consortium alongside Mozilla and Symbian .
SQLite , which is an embedded SQL database engine with core source code in the public domain , has been built into the firm 's newly released Adobe Integrated Runtime ( AIR ) software .
So it 's perhaps of little surprise that Adobe 's announcement to sponsor SQLite has coincided with the launch of AIR , which has tools for programmers to build apps that run inside an internet browser and integrate with the desktop .
The San Jose - based company 's open source boss Dave McAllister said in a blog post on Sunday :
" Adobe 's support of the SQLite Consortium demonstrates Adobe 's commitment to open source , and belief that technologies such as SQLite should remain independent and free in the best interests of the community . "
Members of the consortium , which was launched in December 2007 , receive a number of benefits that include extra support provided by SQLite developers , which amounts to " undivided attention " of at least 23 staff days per year . ®
The FBI Hall of Shame
Attorney General John Ashcroft , FBI Director Louis J. Freeh and United States Attorney Helen Fahey announced today that a veteran FBI counterintelligence Agent was arrested Sunday by the FBI and charged with committing espionage by providing highly classified national security information to Russia and the former Soviet Union .
At the time of the arrest at a park in Vienna , Virginia , Robert Philip Hanssen , age 56 , was clandestinely placing a package containing highly classified information at a pre-arranged , or " dead drop , " site for pick - up by his Russian handlers .
Hanssen had previously received substantial sums of money from the Russians for the information he disclosed to them .
FBI Press Release , February 20 , 2001 ... Hanssen , who has six children , was alleged to have made $ 1.4 million working for the Russians .
Peter Limone , convicted of murder , spent 33 years in prison ( 4 on death row ) , while the FBI apparently knew he did not do it .
One key report states that on March 10 , 1965 -- two days before the murder -- an unidentified FBI informant told Special Agent H. Paul Rico that Flemmi was planning to kill Deegan and that the murder had the blessing of then - New England Mafia boss Raymond Patriarca ....
FBI agent John Connolly was indicted last year on charges he took gifts from Bulger and Flemmi and tipped them off to the identities of FBI informants and witnesses who were later murdered .
[ FBI knew wrong man was convicted of murder , AP , December 22 , 2000 ]
[ An Innocent Man Goes Free 33 Years After Conviction , New York Times , February 2 , 2001 ]
` Not once did this man even get up here and accept responsibility for his actions .
I think that 's telling . '
-- MICHAEL HOROWITZ , who prosecuted David Farrall A judge told David Farrall that law enforcement officers need to uphold a higher standard than the rest of the community .
Then he sentenced the former FBI agent to 90 days in jail in one of the most notorious DUI cases in South Florida history .
Florence Thompson , whose two sons died in a wrong - way crash with Farrall three years ago , shrieked '' yes ! '' when she saw bailiffs clapping handcuffs on the agent for the first time .
Still , she remained angry Farrall did n't face a more severe punishment .... ( FBI Agent ) Farrall gets 90 days in wrong - way case Miami Herald January 09 , 2003
Larry Potts -
He received a letter of censure for failure to provide proper oversight with regard to the rules of engagement employed at Ruby Ridge .
" Rogers acknowledged that the Rules of Engagement he proposed specified that any adult with a weapon observed in the vicinity of the Weaver cabin or in the firefight area " could and should be the subject of deadly force . " [ FN534 ]
According to Rogers he discussed this rule with FBI Assistant Director Larry Potts who concurred fully " Also involved in Waco .
... is now working for Investigative Group International ( IGI ) , a private firm retained by President Clinton to investigate judges , reporters , and other potential enemies of his administration ( according to a deposition of IGI director Terry Lenzner ) .
Larry Potts was a buddy of Louis Freeh .
Within the FBI , these special people are called " FOL " - Friends of Louie .
[ NYT 5/11/97 ]
In 1997 Potts retired from the FBI and joined the Investigative Group International , Inc. as the Executive Vice President [ site ]
Edwin Pitts , 43 , a 13 - year veteran of the FBI and an attorney , who was arrested today at the FBI Academy in Quantico , Virginia , on a criminal complaint charging conspiracy to commit espionage , attempted espionage , communication of classified information , and conveyance without authority of government property .
Press Release - Wednesday , December 18 , 1996
On October 5 , 1985 , Special Agent Robin L. Ahrens , who was assigned to the Phoenix FBI Office , was fatally wounded while participating with other Agents in the apprehension of fugitive Kenneth Don Barrett .
Ahrens was fatally shot by other Agents [ names ??? ] at the arrest scene who mistook her for an armed associate of the fugitive .
[ Source : Hall of Honor - Robin L. Ahrens ]
Lon Horiuchi - FBI sniper at Ruby Ridge .
Aug. 22 1992 , Horiuchi fired a shot at a man ducking into the cabin .
The shot killed Vicki Weaver as she stood inside the cabin behind the door , holding her infant daughter , Elisheba .
The killing occurred on the second day of an 11 day standoff that began with a shoot out that killed the Weavers son Samuel , 14 and U.S. Deputy Marshal Willam Degan .
The federal government , though , is leaping to Horiuchi ’s defense , because he was obeying an order .
But the Nuremberg and My Lai prosecutions have established that " I vas just following orders " is no excuse for killing innocent people .
The license - to - kill orders were so outrageous that other FBI snipers at the scene -- for example , the SWAT team from Denver -- agreed among themselves that the license - to - kill order should not be obeyed .
The Denver agents chose to disobey the unconstitutional order , and instead to stick with the traditional rules of engagement .
Besides choosing to obey an illegal assassination order , Horiuchi lied under oath at Randy Weaver ’s trial .
Horiuchi claimed that he opened fire on Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris because the two men were threatening to shoot an FBI helicopter .
But the trial judge found this testimony so blatantly false that he ordered the charges related to the testimony to be dismissed .
( The helicopter was nowhere near where Weaver or Harris could have shot at it . )
[ The Ruby Ridge Prosecutions ]
Yesterday , the Fort Worth Star - Telegram reported that FBI agent Charles Riley said all the way back in June 1993 that he heard shots fired from a sniper post occupied by agent Lon Horiuchi -
The FBI 's favorite hitman
The head of one of the Midwest 's largest taxpayer groups today named F.B.I. sniper Lon Horiuchi " Tax Villain of the Month " for crimes against U.S. citizens committed while collecting a salary paid by U.S. taxpayers .
- Taxpayers Name F.B.I. Assassin Lon Horiuchi Tax Villain of the Month " put his name and face on every milk cartoon in the state along with his accomplices in the FBI , ATF , and Delta Force .
- Wanted : Lon Horiuchi - Killer Horiuchi allegedly shot several Davidians as the attempted to flee their burning church .- Faces of Evil
The FBI sniper who killed the wife of Randy Weaver is declared Immune from state prosecution , the federal appeals court ruled Wednesday .
This ruling has the same effect as granting a license to kill with impunity to any government agency .
In 1992 an FBI employee hired a killer by the name of Lon Horiuchi , who shot Vicki Weaver in the head with his 308 caliber high - powered telescoped equipped sniper rifle from 200 yards , while she held her nursing baby in her arms , killing her instantly .
Robert A. Messemer - The lie Dr. Lee told his colleague to get access to the computer existed only in the mind of an F.B.I. agent , who now says he made " an honest error . "
That agent , Robert Messemer , also now acknowledges that Dr. Lee did file reports of his meetings with Chinese scientists .
Mr. Messemer threatened Dr. Lee with the death penalty during one interview , pointing out what happened to Julius and Ethel Rosenberg when they refused to come clean .
The agent , unlike Dr. Lee , is still working at his job .
New York Times August 29 , 2000 ... " Even an innocuous phrase by Lee , " Robert A. Messemer , a counter - intelligence agent testified , " could be a signal to an accomplice to pass the tapes on to hostile foreign spies . "
Messemer ’s now famous example : " ‘ Uncle Wen says hello . ’
" What 's more , " Messemer told the judge , " the risks of that happening are greater than ever because foreign spies now know the tapes exist and are likely to try to come and get them from Lee . "
- Justice or Excessive Use of Judicial Force ?...
At Lee 's bail hearing , Messemer told the judge that Lee had to be isolated from others because " a single utterance " might give away national secrets , and that the Chinese language itself was structured for deception .
While Lee 's supporters laughed in protest at the cop 's racist allegations , the federal judge agreed to prohibit him from speaking Chinese with his family .
Reporters at the bail hearing filled out the picture , echoing long - standing racist images of Chinese as mysterious , emotionless , and timid people .
- China ' spy scare ' frame - up targets rights ...
FBI agent admitted giving inaccurate testimony about the 60 - year - old scientist and a weapons expert disputed the government 's contention that Lee stole the " crown jewels " of America 's nuclear program .
WenHoLee.org
( From " Dave S from ReputationDefender " < daves@reputationdefender.com >
Thu , 21 Jun 2007 ) Mr. Messemer has responded with the following statement :
“ I testified before the court that I had made an " honest error " by using the term " resume " , and not " file " to describe the document and purpose Dr. Lee had represented when he requested to use his friend 's workstation computer , in my earlier testimony to the court .
In the written report of his friend 's interview , the exact term is " file " , not " resume " .
The term " resume " was in the agent 's notes , but not in the final report .
Of significance , I also testified that the " resume " or " file " issue was immaterial , inasmuch as Dr. Lee did not disclose to his friend his true purpose in using his friend 's computer to download classified materials .
Dr. Lee lied by omission and was not candid with his friend .
That was the essence of my testimony on this issue .
I did not lie - as alleged by the webmaster .
“ Moreover , I did NOT threaten Dr. Lee with the death penalty as represented on this website .
That remark was made by another agent well before my assignment to the investigation .
I found the remark objectionable , counterproductive and completely unnecessary .
Any attribution of the " death penalty " remark to me is in error . ”
Paul George - Michigan bureau of the FBI “ If there is going to be a Big Brother in the United States , it is going to be us — the FBI , ” said Paul George , supervisory special agent for the Michigan bureau of the FBI , TORONTO , April 6 [ Source : FBI agent : I am Big Brother By Robert Lemos , ZDNet News , April 6 , 2000 - 1 , 2 ] Pro-privacy groups might consider him ' the enemy , ' but Paul George counters : ' There are worse things than having your privacy violated ... like murder .'
The December issue of the FBI 's Law Enforcement Bulletin describes five " new insidious viruses " that do n't exist .
They 're jokes .
No , not hoaxes , but the equivalent of geek knock - knock jokes that circulate routinely on humor mailing lists and Internet discussion forums .
Red - faced over the article , the LEB jerked the offending paragraphs
Richard Held - " an FBI COINTELPRO agent since the 60s .
He coordinated ops against the L.A. Panthers , including inciting violent confrontations between rival factions and even hiring a right wing militia to kill its members .
He was a key spook at Pine Ridge during the bloody anti-AIM ops , directed the draconian Puerto Rico ops in the 80s , and bombed EarthFirst !
activist Judi Bari .
Lawsuits resulting from that incident of domestic state terrorism have further exposed the subject 's long history of abuse . " prima facie : Richard W. Held ... was the Special Agent in Charge of the San Francisco field office at the time of the investigation of the explosion [ Judy Beri ] .
He retired from the FBI on August 1 , 1993 .
Decision and Order by Judge Claudia Wilken
In 1978 Richard Held was transferred to Puerto Rico where he oversaw the FBI execution of two Independentista leaders who were made to kneel , then were shot in the head .
Held stayed on until 1985 , when he stage - managed an island - wide SWAT assault by 300 agents who busted in doors and rounded up activists .
Community Under Siege by Judi Bari
Links ...
STOP POLICE ABUSE - UNITED STATES LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY HALL OF SHAME
I 've gotta BADGE - A site to deal with police officers who abuse the power they believe is given to them with their badges .
INFACT 's Corporate Hall of Shame
Hall of Shame [ asianam.org ]
High - Tech Marketing Hall of Shame
Judge 's Hall Of Shame
HALL OF SHAME [ freedomworld.org ]
Thin -skinned Hall of Shame
add / view comments to this page
Back to : The FBI ... Past , Present & Future
This domain ( anonymous - exposed.org ) recently acquired by the Trickslash.com .
The domain anonymous - exposed was registered in 2008 , having content different types of video content .
these videos mainly consisted of different portal login tutorials .
Now , this Officially property of Trickslash .
Incase if you are looking login guides you can check our below pages :
We cannot thank Live Med Coast and Anthony enough for their time and advice in finding our dream Spanish home , they went way over & above what we expect to help us achieve our dream .
Anthony listened to our requirements and took us to various properties in different locations to help us decide both style of property and the areas that would suit us most .
Anthony was very patient and very knowledgeable .
He constantly gave advice and assistance , perhaps knowing better than ourselves what suited us best and finally he found the perfect property for us .
He handled all the negotiation for us and when we agreed a price he was able to refer us to an excellent lawyer .
We have to say we 'd recommend Anthony and his company to anyone to assist any find them a property as he did for us .
Sir Christopher says changes to the electoral system are needed
Standards chief Sir Christopher Kelly , said household registration could not stop bogus names being registered and used as fraudulent postal votes .
The Electoral Commission says it wants individual voter registration .
A Tory councillor was found guilty of using bogus postal votes to ensure he was voted into office in Slough .
Eshaq Khan beat Lydia Simmons , a former mayor of Slough , by 119 votes to win the council 's Central ward in last year 's local elections .
Expulsion
But a special election High Court , in Slough , convicted Khan and his agents of corrupt and illegal practices .
They are related to applications for registering to vote and postal voting .
He was banned from standing again and a by - election will now be called in the borough .
The only reasons they came to light at all were the incompetence of the fraudsters and the blatant nature of the frauds
Richard Mawry QC
Election Commissioner
Khan has also been expelled from the Conservative Party .
He and his electoral team were found to have created hundreds of false names in the weeks running up to the 3 May election and entered them on the electoral register for the ward , the court heard .
They then made applications for postal votes for these " ghost voters " and used the ballots to vote for Khan .
It was only when Labour party activists , surprised by the Conservative victory in an election which had otherwise been a success for Labour , pressed for an investigation that the fraud was discovered , the hearing was told .
' Affront ' to democracy
Election commissioner Mr Richard Mawry QC said : " The only reasons they came to light at all were the incompetence of the fraudsters and the blatant nature of the frauds .
" It would have been pleasant to conclude this judgment by saying that this had now all changed .
" But I cannot .
Despite the 2006
Act , the opportunities for easy and effective electoral fraud remain substantially as they were on 4 April , 2005 . "
INDIVIDUAL REGISTRATION
Individuals take personal responsibility for registering
The register reflects more accurately who is entitled to be registered Greater accuracy helps restore integrity to the registration process Helps minimise electoral fraud
Sir Christopher , chairman of the Committee on Standards in Public Life , said the Slough fraud " highlights the need for fundamental changes to our electoral system " .
" Electoral fraud is not a trivial matter - it is an affront to the democratic principle of one person one vote , " he said .
" Left unchecked it will eventually undermine trust and confidence in the democratic process and by implication the electorate 's consent to the outcome of elections .
" This case has shown that the safeguards introduced by the government to combat electoral fraud particularly in relation to postal voting are easily bypassed because of the fundamental weaknesses in the current system of electoral registration . "
Sir Christopher has called for the government and other main political parties to agree to introduce a system of individual registration after the next general election - similar to one already in place in Northern Ireland .
Sam Younger , chairman of the Electoral Commission , said the electoral system would continue to be " open to abuse " until the voter registration system is changed .
He said it was " not realistic " to take postal votes away from voters if they want to use them .
" We should make sure the integrity of the system is there with individual voter registration , " he said .
Adam Pisoni of Geni.com has released a Ruby Gem of a new library skynet ( have to love the name ! ) , which is a Ruby implementation of MapReduce ( not a wrapper on Hadoop or anything like that ) :
With Skynet , one can easily convert a time - consuming serial task , such as a computationally expensive Rails migration , into a distributed program running on many computers .
Skynet is an adaptive , self - upgrading , fault - tolerant , and fully distributed system with no single point of failure .
It uses a “ peer recovery ” system where workers watch out for each other .
If a worker dies or fails for any reason , another worker will notice and pick up that task .
Skynet also has no special ‘ master ’ servers , only workers which can act as a master for any task at any time .
Even these master tasks can fail and will be picked up by other workers .
In general :
Skynet works by putting “ tasks ” on a message queue which are picked up by skynet workers , who execute the tasks , then put their results back on the message queue .
Skynet works best when it runs with your code .
For example , you might have a rails app and want some code you ‘ve already written to run asynchronously or in a distributed way .
Skynet can run within your code by installing a skynet launcher into your app .
Running this skynet launcher within your app guarantees all skynet workers will have access to your code .
This will be covered later .
Skynet currently supports 2 message queue systems , TupleSpace and Mysql .
By default , the TupleSpace queue is used as it is the easiest to set up , though it is less powerful and less scaleable for large installations .
If you are in Rails - land , you get some nice additions to ActiveRecord such as a distributed find :
YourModel . distributed_find ( : all ) . each ( YourClass ) YourModel. distributed_find ( : all ) . each ( : somemethod )
and send_later :
model_object .
send_later ( : method , options , : save )
COLUMBIA , South Carolina ( CNN ) -- Illinois Sen. Barack Obama claimed a major victory in Saturday 's Democratic primary in South Carolina , winning overwhelming support from the state 's African - American voters and a significant share among whites , according to exit polls .
Obama 's win capped a heated contest in South Carolina , the first Democratic primary in the South and the first with a largely black electorate .
Supporters raised thunderous cheers at his campaign headquarters in Columbia after news that his leading rival , New York senator and former first lady Hillary Clinton , had called to congratulate him on his win .
Exit polls estimated Obama took more than 80 percent of the African - American vote , which made up about half of Saturday 's turnout .
And he had the support of nearly a quarter of white voters , while Clinton and former North Carolina Sen .
John Edwards roughly split the remainder .
" This was a very difficult campaign for Barack Obama , " said Donna Brazile , a CNN analyst who led former Vice President Al Gore 's presidential bid in 2000 .
" He had an uphill climb .
The establishment of the Democratic Party , you know , they 're clearly backing Clinton and put tremendous resources in the state to defeat Barack Obama . "
With more than half of precincts reporting , Clinton was in second place , while Edwards -- who won his native state in his 2004 White House bid -- ran third .
The win is Obama 's second of the primary season , following his January 3 victory in the Iowa caucuses .
It follows a rough campaign between Clinton and Obama , who traded barbs with the senator and her husband , former President Bill Clinton , over the past week .
Clinton and Obama battered each other during a Monday debate in Myrtle Beach .
Obama criticized Clinton for serving on the board of directors of Wal - Mart while he was a community organizer in Chicago , while Clinton accused Obama of representing a " slum lord " while working as a lawyer there and criticized him for voting " present " numerous times as an Illinois state senator .
Do n't Miss Obama wins big in South Carolina primary
Obama wins big in South Carolina primary ElectionCenter 2008 : South Carolina
Those exchanges followed a lengthy and sometimes bitter dispute over remarks by members of Clinton 's campaign that some voters took as racially insensitive .
Clinton accused the Obama campaign of stoking the controversy , while Obama 's campaign hit back at a prominent Clinton supporter for raising the issue of Obama 's admitted teenage drug use .
Rep. James Clyburn , one of South Carolina 's top political figures and the highest - ranking African - American in Congress , said he hoped the candidates can erase the racial tinge to the primary " and go forward talking about the vision that our candidates have . "
Noting that the three remaining Democrats split the white vote , he said Saturday 's results were a signal that " Everybody ought to just chill , put this stuff behind us and talk about the future . "
See Clyburn discuss the race »
Obama complained that both his opponent and her husband were attacking him " in ways that are not accurate . "
Meanwhile , South Carolina native Edwards largely stayed out of the fray and spent the last days of the race campaigning as the " grown - up " alternative .
See Edwards make an appeal to voters »
But exit polls showed Obama winning majorities across nearly all demographic groups -- including women , who made up about 60 percent of Saturday 's voters and who were a bulwark of Clinton 's wins in New Hampshire and Nevada .
Voters listed the ability of a candidate to bring about change as their top quality -- and Obama , who has made that a central theme of his campaign , drew three - quarters of those who picked that as their most important characteristic .
Take a look at who voted for whom in the primary
Clinton led the Democratic delegate chase going into South Carolina , largely through the support of " superdelegates " -- elected officials and party leaders .
But Saturday 's results give Obama new momentum going into " Super Tuesday , " the roughly two dozen contests set for February 5 .
" This is a great victory for Barack Obama , but this is not the end of the Clinton campaign , " Brazile said .
" Senator Clinton has broad support out there . "
And Clyburn , who has remained neutral in the Democratic race , predicted the campaign would not be settled until the August convention in Denver , Colorado .
" They all have tickets to the convention -- not all first - class , but they all have tickets , " he said .
E-mail to a friend
All About Barack Obama • Hillary Clinton • South Carolina • John Edwards
VANCOUVER – Buoyed by the recommendations of a government - appointed blue - ribbon panel , Canada ’s parliament last week approved a motion to extend its combat mission in Afghanistan until the end of 2011 .
The outcome of the motion was effectively predetermined , as the two largest parties in the House of Commons  the Liberals and the governing Conservatives  agreed on the wording of the resolution in the weeks leading up to the vote .
Conservative Defense Minister Peter MacKay called the vote " historic " and applauded the " bipartisan consensus " it achieved .
Liberal leader Stephane Dion characterized the resolution as " basically the Liberal motion on Afghanistan . "
The political debate about the motion to extend the mission was shaped by the Independent Panel on Canada ’s Future Role in Afghanistan , a study group appointed by Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper and led by former Liberal Foreign Affairs minister John Manley .
The Manley Panel , as it came to be known , was created by the prime minister in October 2007 and foreshadowed the importance of the parliamentary vote on Afghanistan , which took place within the context of a Conservative minority government .
Without approval from the Liberal members of parliament , the Conservative confidence motion would not have passed , thus bringing down the government and forcing a federal election .
For their part , the Liberals were hard - pressed to vote against the Afghanistan intervention given that it was Liberal governments that brought Canada into the mission in 2001 and into the heart of the counterinsurgency war in Kandahar in 2005 .
The motion passed 198 - 77 , with the New Democratic Party and Bloc Quebecois in opposition .
NDP leader Jack Layton criticized a " carte blanche " the motion afforded and urged Canadians to " remember this during elections . "
During the vote , protesters in the House of Commons public gallery chanted " end it , do n’t extend it , " while demonstrations against the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan took place in more than 20 cities across Canada on Saturday .
While the Manley Panel was bipartisan in affiliation , its members shared an essential vision of the importance of Canada ’s integration with the United States .
Stephen Clarkson , a professor of political economy at the University of Toronto , told IPS that the panel " was clearly selected on the basis of reliably delivering a pro-U.S interpretation of the Canadian interest . "
The panel included three senior officials from the era of conservative Prime Minister Brian Mulroney , including Derek Burney , a key architect of the controversial North American Free Trade Agreement ; Jake Epp , a former cabinet minister and oil executive ; and Paul Tellier , former head of the Canadian National Railway and Bombardier Inc .
The fifth panel member , former journalist Pamela Wallin , recently served as the Canadian Consul General in New York .
For his part , Manley ’s significant efforts to integrate Canada - US security apparatuses with Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge after the attacks on New York and Washington on Sep. 11 , 2001 earned him Time Magazine Canada ’s " Newsmaker of the Year " in December 2001 .
" They are all either conservative Liberals , or Conservatives who have an involvement in the United States - Canada relationship , " said Clarkson , who has written extensively on US - Canadian political and economic relations and is the author of " Uncle Sam and Us . "
" Since Canada ’s role in Afghanistan is so obviously connected to Ottawa ’s desire to please Washington , it was very unlikely they would recommend anything other than staying in Afghanistan , " he said .
Shortly after the publication of the panel ’s report , the Manley committee ’s executive director , Elissa Goldberg , was appointed Canada ’s top civilian representative in Kandahar , where she said she will be facilitating the " overall leadership and strategic direction " of Canada ’s mission .
The significance of the report on the outcome of the vote was clear .
Defense Minister Peter MacKay immediately pointed to the " important work of the Manley Panel [ which ] formed the basis for members of parliament to draw upon . "
Foreign Minister Maxime Bernier called the report " key " to the vote and said it was " appreciated internationally . "
Bernier told reporters on parliament hill that the motion allowed the prime minister to go to the upcoming NATO summit in Bucharest " with a strong mandate in his pocket . "
The Bucharest meeting is considered an important strategy session for NATO , as the security conditions continue to deteriorate in Afghanistan .
The motion which passed in parliament stated that the " extension of Canada ’s military presence in Afghanistan is approved by this House expressly on the condition that NATO secure a battle group of approximately 1,000 to rotate into Kandahar , no later than February 2009 . "
The parliamentary extension also calls for Canada to secure transport helicopters and improved unmanned aerial surveillance drones , something the Manley Panel also recommended to reduce the number of casualties of Canadian soldiers .
Since 2002 , 82 Canadians have been killed in Afghanistan ; 31 of the last 33 combat fatalities resulting from roadside bombs .
Speaking at a conference of senior government officials and policymakers in Brussels on Sunday , MacKay pushed his request for additional NATO troops in Canada ’s area of responsibility : " Come up with a thousand troops and you get to keep 2,500 , " he said , referring to the number of Canadian troops stationed in Kandahar .
US President George W. Bush said last week that he intends to use the Bucharest summit to persuade allies to ramp - up the fight in the south .
" We ’re mindful of their request , and we want to help them meet that request , " President Bush said of the Canadian contingency .
Retired Canadian Major - General Terry Liston told IPS that the troop request is simply a political gesture , far short of what NATO generals on the ground say is required .
" Just in Kandahar province , according to American [ counterinsurgency ] doctrine you ’d need about 16,000 soldiers , " he said .
" It ’s a drop in the bucket , the 1,000 . "
Meanwhile , in anticipation of the so - called fighting season in Afghanistan , the United States has sent and additional 3,600 Marines on a seven - month deployment to southern Afghanistan .
The Marines , about half of whom have already arrived in the country , will operate under Canadian Major - General Marc Lessard and NATO ’s Regional Command South , which includes Helmand and Kandahar provinces  the heart of the Afghan insurgency .
A report of the United Nations secretary - general earlier this month detailed a sharp increase in insurgent activity in 2007 , an average of 566 incidents a month compared with 425 a month in 2006 .
Data from the United States Central Command indicates a concurrent rise in NATO and US airstrikes during that same period  2,926 bombs dropped in 2007 up from 1,770 in 2006 .
More than 8,000 people were killed last year , including at least 1,500 civilians , the U.N. said .
Clinton challenges Obama to back new primaries in Michigan , Florida RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday March 19 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton bluntly challenged Barack Obama to agree to new primaries in Michigan and Florida on Wednesday and said it was " wrong , and frankly un- American " not to have the two delegations seated at the Democratic National Convention .
" Senator Obama speaks passionately on the campaign trail about empowering the American people , " said the former first lady , who trails her rival in delegates won to date .
" Today I am asking him to match those words with actions . "
Obama has yet to declare his support or opposition , although his campaign has raised a number of procedural and legal questions about the most recent proposal for an early primary in Michigan .
" The proposal offers a rerun for the state but not for all the voters , " Bob Bauer , Obama 's election lawyer , wrote in a memo during the day .
He warned of the possibility of numerous legal challenges and embarrassment to the party .
Florida and Michigan both held primaries in January on a schedule that violated Democratic Party rules , and have been stripped of their convention delegates as a result .
Clinton made a hurriedly arranged trip to Michigan to dramatize her support for new primaries , at a time when some state party officials have been drafting legislation to hold a primary in June .
Clinton said nothing less than the outcome of the general election may be at stake in the dispute over the two states .
" The road to a Democratic White House goes through Michigan and Florida , " she said .
But there were strong political calculations at work , as well .
Clinton trails Obama in convention delegates after primaries and caucuses in more than 40 states , and her chances of catching up are remote at best .
Lopsided victories in second primaries in Florida and Michigan would help narrow the delegate deficit .
Even if she fell short , victories over Obama would strengthen her argument that party leaders who attend the convention as superdelegates should consider a candidate 's ability to win in key states in the fall election before they pick a candidate .
Originally , Michigan was to have 128 delegates at stake in its primary ; Florida 's total was 185 .
Superdelegates swelled the totals .
Clinton won the renegade primaries in both states , although all the candidates had pledged not to campaign in either and Obama removed his name from the Michigan ballot .
Clinton referred to that in her brief appearances before members of an audience gathered in an AFSCME union building .
" When others made the decision to remove their names from the ballot I did n't because I believe your voices should count , " she said .
" And that 's why I 've been saying we need to either count the votes that have already been cast in Michigan or Florida or have new full and fair elections . "
Bauer 's memo did not go as far as flatly opposing the proposal under consideration , but it cited numerous potential difficulties .
He said any revote would have to be approved by the Justice Department under the Voting Rights
Act and noted that it would be paid for by private funds .
He also warned of possible lawsuits by Democrats or independents who voted in last winter 's Republican primary , and would be barred from the second primary as a result .
" In other words , the proposal offers a rerun for the state but not for all the voters , " he wrote .
Both Michigan and Florida presumably are friendly territory for the New York senator .
Michigan is home to large numbers of white blue - collar workers , many of whom have favored her in other primary states .
Obama 's difficulty in reassuring Jewish voters about his support for Israel makes Florida problematic for him in a primary , as does the presence of large numbers of Hispanic voters .
Clinton 's case was strengthened during the day when the two leaders of the Democratic rules committee issued a statement saying the emerging plan in Michigan was in keeping with party rules .
Plans for a revote in Florida collapsed over the weekend , leaving the fate of that state 's delegation in doubt .
( with wire reports )
Housewife Miyuki Yanagisawa cannot recall the last time she had sex with her husband .
She is certain , though , that their physical estrangement can be measured in years , not months .
While she shares a room with the couple 's two young daughters , her husband , a company employee , sleeps alone in another room , grateful for the chance to catch up on his sleep after another tortuously long day at work .
' As long as he is healthy and doing well at work , I can put up with the lack of affection , ' Yanagisawa , 44 - who asked that her real name not be used - said of her decade - old marriage .
' Many other women in my age group feel the same .
When couples reach a certain age they start calling each other " Mum " and " Dad " - they certainly stop using affectionate nicknames .
I think that spells the beginning of the end for sex . '
Yanagisawa is not alone .
According to a new report by the World Health Organisation , a quarter of married couples in Japan have not had sex in the past year .
The problem worsens with age .
While the study found that the 42 per cent of couples in their twenties who had lived together for fewer than five years had sex at least once a week , almost 38 per cent of married couples in their fifties have none .
The Japan Society of Sexual Science deems a marriage ' sexless ' when a couple go for a month or more without having sex and does not expect the situation to improve .
People trapped in sexless marriages blame long working hours , a claim backed up by global surveys of sexual activity conducted by Durex .
According to the condom maker , Japanese couples have sex 45 times a year , well below the global average of 103 times .
According to one study a fifth of Japanese husbands say they are bored with intercourse , while about 15 per cent say they are simply too tired .
A similar proportion of women agree that the spark has gone out of their love lives , although fewer than one in 10 blames their lover 's poor performance in bed .
' I expect other people think sexless marriages are strange , but in Japan everything revolves around the children and household finances , ' Yanagisawa said .
' Men gradually lose their other influence in a marriage , including the role of sexual partner .
My husband and I know that is what has happened in our marriage - but we never talk about it . '
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Chinese farmers cultivated rice along the eastern coast as far back as 7,700 years ago and used fire and flood control measures to manage their fields , researchers said , citing new evidence .
Farmers walk on rice terraces in southwest China 's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , May 25 , 2007 .
Chinese farmers cultivated rice along the eastern coast as far back as 7,700 years ago and used fire and flood control measures to manage their fields , researchers said , citing new evidence .
REUTERS / Nir Elias
In a letter published in Nature late last week , geographers in Britain and China described how they found artifacts -- bone , bamboo and wooden tools used for foraging and cultivation -- and high concentrations of charcoal in Kuahuqiao , a freshwater marsh about 200 km southwest of Shanghai .
“ About 7,700 years ago , people started to burn woody crops and there ’s a very high concentration of charcoal there and a decline of woody tree pollen , ” said Zong Yongqiang of Durham University in the United Kingdom .
“ These two give us a very clear indication that people used fire to open the site for settlement and cultivation .
It was n’t just one burn but over several decades to maintain the ground for rice cultivation ...
This could be the earliest paddy cultivation in the world , ” Zong told Reuters by telephone .
“ They used animal bones as spades , for example , the shoulder blades of pigs ( which have a ) triangular shape . ”
Other archaeologists found wood pilings which they believe were used as supports in the marshy ground to erect platforms for huts for the farmers and their families .
These early farmers were also able to protect their paddy fields from floodwaters in the low - lying coastal area , at a time when they were constantly threatened by rising sea levels .
“ When we look at the diatoms ( species of green algae that thrive in sea water ) , salinity was kept very low in the background of rising sea levels .
That gave us another suggestion that the humans somehow managed to have very primitive ways of blocking seawater during flooding , ” Zong said .
But the area was suddenly abandoned about 7,500 years ago , again evident from diatoms dating from that time .
“ You can see an abrupt rise in marine and brackish water diatoms , which means that up to a certain point , the people could n’t maintain the paddy fields because sea water levels kept rising and they overwhelmed the sites , ” Zong said .
“ They abandoned the sites , which they occupied for 200 years , and moved on to other sites , with similar marshy conditions , ” he said , referring to Hemudu , 120 km east of Kuahuqiao , or Majiabang , which lies in between Shanghai and Kuahuqiao .
Again , the researchers secured evidence showing paddy cultivation in Hemudu and Majiabang began about 7,000 years ago .
The researchers are now setting their sights on Taihu lake , which lies about 150 km north of Kuahuqiao .
“ Between 6,000 - 4,000 years ago , the community was so vibrant , they had jade , ceramic ware and rice production was so high .
Then 4,000 years ago , this community just disappeared , ” Zong said .
“ Is it because of the sea level rising , or climate cooling ?
Was weather so cold that their harvests were harmed ? ”
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Congress and the Federal Reserve missed their chance to keep the country from falling into recession by acting too slowly , according to a well - respected economist .
Lakshman Achuthan , the managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute , said the economy has now fallen into what he calls " a recession of choice . "
He argues that the economic stimulus package passed by Congress this year is too late to help many consumers and businesses and that the Federal Reserve was too timid when it started trimming interest rates last fall .
Since then the Fed has aggressively cut rates , most recently lowering them by three - quarters of a percentage point at its meeting Tuesday .
" If they had done all this in the fourth quarter , I think we'd be having a different discussion , " he said .
" We might not have had Bear , " he added , referring to the fire sale purchase of brokerage firm Bear Stearns ( BSC , Fortune 500 ) by JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) that the Fed helped arrange over the weekend to avoid a collapse of Bear Stearns .
The ECRI , which forecasts a number of key economic readings such as employment , inflation and production from various business sectors , had been reluctant to join the rising tide of economists arguing that the economy has fallen into a recession .
But it changed its call Thursday .
Achuthan said the tipping point for his firm 's recession call was when its leading index for non-financial services , a sector of the economy that accounts for 62 % of jobs , turned negative .
Although Achuthan said he saw weakness in the U.S. economy last fall , he did not make a recession forecast at that time because he thought it was possible the government could have done something then to prevent a recession .
He said low business inventories at the end of last year gave policymakers a chance to avoid the recession , because any spur to spending by businesses or consumers would have resulted in a quick pick - up in production .
" There was an opportunity that was wasted by policymakers because they did n't understand those dynamics , " he said .
" That is one aspect of how the policymakers have goofed and why this recession is a choice , not something that happened by bad luck and chance . "
He added that the more decisive action taken so far this year by Congress and the Fed has come too late to stop the economy from falling into recession .
Congress passed a $ 190 billion economic stimulus package , but the biggest part of that legislation - tax refunds of about $ 600 per taxpayer , wo n't be in the hands of consumers until May at the earliest .
" It was a good idea that was horribly executed , " he said .
" Policymakers said time was of the essence .
Unfortunately , they did n't understand what that really meant .
They just do not understand how the business cycle works ; it is not going to wait around for stimulus some months down the road .
And while the Fed has slashed interest rates by a total of two full percentage points at meetings in January and March , its initial cuts in September , October and December last year totaled only one percentage point .
Achuthan 's forecast comes on a day that some other readings show the economy possibly heading into recession .
The Conference Board 's index of leading economic indicators fell 0.3 % in February , and its January reading was revised lower .
The latest report is the fifth straight month the indicator has fallen , the first time that has happened since 2001 , the year of the last recession .
A prolonged decline in this index typically signals a recession .
In addition , the latest weekly reading on initial jobless claims rose sharply , pointing to an increased likelihood that March will be the third straight month of job losses for the U.S. economy .
Issue # 1 - America's
Money :
All this week at 12 pm ET , CNN explains how the weakening economy affects you .
Full coverage .
Have you lost your job , your business or your home ?
Are you raiding retirement accounts to pay the bills ?
We want to hear from you .
Tell us how you 're being affected by the weakening economy and you could be profiled in an upcoming story .
Send emails to realstories@cnnmoney.com .
Posted by : Loren Coleman on September 17th , 2007
Steve Irwin ’s father , Bob , pictured lower left , discusses the naming of the new turtle , lower right , after Steve .
To round out the picture of the late Steve Irwin ’s contributions to cryptozoology , beyond his search for Thylacines , it is worthy of mentioning that Steve Irwin discovered a new animal , a turtle , which has now been named after him .
Television personality Steve “ Crocodile Hunter ” Irwin and his father , Bob , caught a unknown turtle on a fishing line during a camping trip in 1990 .
It was new to them , and thus Steve took photographs and sent them to turtle authority John Cann .
After Irwin ’s death , Cann determined the animal was a new species .
The common name is now “ Irwin ’s turtle ” and the Latin name is Elseya irwini , a new species of Australian turtle .
The female of the species has a pale head with a yellowish horny sheath on the crown .
The type locality is the Burdekin River drainage , on the coast of Queensland [ 19º42 ’S 147º18 ’E ] .
Irwin ’s turtle has been determined to be noctidiurnal .
It is able to breath underwater for extended periods of time because it possesses the unusual ability to intake water into its cloaca , which contains a special organ to extract oxygen .
Also , of 82 captured Irwin ’s turtles examined of an estimated population of 4000 - 5000 , 77 were found to be females , thus showing the most female - biased turtle population known , but for reasons unknown .
Indeed , Irwin ’s turtle is unique , as was Steve Irwin .
Source : Elseya irwini Cann , J. ( 1997 ) .
Irwin ’s Turtle : A new species of short - necked turtle from Western Australia .
Monitor 9( 1 ) : 36 -40 [ 36 ] .
Australian News .
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Monday , September 17th , 2007 at 12:01 am and is filed under Breaking News , Cryptomundo Exclusive , Cryptotourism , CryptoZoo News , Cryptozoologists , Cryptozoology , Men in Cryptozoology , New Species , Obituaries .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
I got an OLPC XO - 1 a few days ago in the mail as part of the give one , get one program .
Hopefully some child out there is enjoying their new laptop–there ’s a certain amount of opacity in the process so I have no idea even if this laptop went to some needy far - flung village in a developing nation , as most of the propaganda would have you believe .
I do n’t mean to be too critical ; I recognize that proper allocation of charitable resources is one of the most difficult tasks anyone can attempt , but a donation the magnitude of the laptop , even if it is only $ 200 , is big money in the most needy countries .
I somehow hesitate to think if I should n’t have just given a check to UNICEF instead to provide medicine to newborns .
Then again , as long as one laptop is being delivered to somewhere that ’s needy , I ’m not doing bad compared to some other charities , where often more than half the donation is retained to cover management fees and fundraising costs .
I also got a laptop out of this …so for whatever reason , Negroponte ’s logic was successful in convincing me .
Well , the point of this blog is n’t to discuss the merits of charities .
We like hardware , and the OLPC XO - 1 is an interesting piece of hardware .
There are plenty of teardowns for the OLPC XO - 1 ( including one on the OLPC wiki itself ) , so I wo n’t repeat the tedium of what screw comes out of where and just cut to what I thought were interesting highlights .
If I were to make one general comment about the OLPC XO - 1 , it ’s that its mechanical design is brilliant .
It ’s a fairly clean - sheet redesign of traditional notebook PC mechanics around the goal of survivability , serviceability , and robustness ( then again , I ’ve never taken apart any of the ruggedized notebooks out there ) .
When closed up for “ travel ” , all the ports are covered , and the cooling system is extremely simple so it should survive in dusty and dirty environments .
Significantly , the port coverings are n’t done with rubberized end caps that you can lose or forget to put on –they are done using the wifi antennae , and the basic design causes the user to swivel them back to cover the ports when they are packing up the laptop to go .
That ’s thoughtful design .
The OLPC is one of the first devices to use the Li-Fe - P battery chemistry .
My understanding is that it ’s safer than normal Lithium Ions ( and those who have been reading the chumby fora are aware of my liability and safety concerns around putting a Lithium Ion battery into any device ) , but it has a lower capacity .
Unlike most other laptops , the OLPC is easy to take apart and service –something important for a device you are sending to a remote region of the world .
The LCD , which is shock mounted , was clearly designed to be easy to replace if it was broken–a few screws to remove , some panels to slide off , and you ’re done .
This is unlike my T60 p , where even the trained tech who did the warranty repair on it could n’t quite put humpty dumpty back together again .
The display is made by Chilin ( which is related to Chi Mei , one of the major LCD glass manufacturers –the current chumby ’s glass is made by them as well ) .
I had the fortune of meeting Scott Song from Chilin at China FOO , and he was telling me some of the interesting yet lesser - known features about the LCD .
In addition to the celebrated dual - mode monochrome / color transreflective layer stack used by the panel , it also features a removeable backlight LED bar .
Aside from mechanical abuse , the most common failure mode for an LCD is the backlight burning out .
Most LED backlights are rated for only about 10,000 hours–if that –and it ’s expensive to trash a whole LCD for the failure of a fifty cent component .
Therefore , the backlight bar was designed to be easily replaced .
I gave it a whirl on the OLPC , and it certainly lived up to its expectations .
Usually , to get to the backlight bar , you have to risk destroying the LCD panel , but in this case , two screws was all it took .
I decided to fire up the backlight outside the display , and let me tell you , that sucka is bright .
Note that the photo above was n’t taken in the dark –it ’s just that the camera shutter had to tighten up so much so that the background looked dark .
If I were in the third world , I probably would say screw the laptop , I ’m taking the backlight bar out and lighting my home with it !
Here again is a close - up of the pixel array used by the transreflective display ( click on the image for a much larger version ) .
One very slick thing about the OLPC software is that I can hit a button on the lower left hand corner and it will rotate the display rendering by 90 degrees each press of the button .
This allows me to easily fold the display back and use it as a sunlight - readable eBook device .
Thanks in part to the low power of the Geode CPU , the design mounts the motherboard against the LCD , unlike most laptops where the motherboard is under the keyboard .
This configuration has some simplicity advantages , especially considering the flexibility required by the display unit that can be flipped 180 degrees in either direction .
The heatsink for the CPU consists simply of a thin metal heat spreader , which is in close proximity to the plastic casing : no cooling holes , fins , or fans to collect dust and break ( notice how the Intel Classmate PC features prominent cooling holes for its under - keyboard CPU module ) .
It also does n’t burn your lap up while you are using it ( although the display still does get quite warm when you use it –I tucked it into my jacket once to keep me warm while running around outside in the cold ) .
Here ’s a photo of the motherboard with the heat spreader on :
And here ’s a hi-res photo of it with the heat spreader off ( click on the image to access the hi-res version ) :
Notice how both of the large BGA chips are underfilled to provide better shock and vibration robustness .
I actually have never seen an underfill like this before–it seems to be oozing out of the edges–and it also does n’t seem to be very uniform ( some spots seem to have a little underfill missing ) .
Most underfills I ’m familiar with to attempt to cover every gap and void underneath a chip ( which is actually a very hard process problem ) ; maybe this is some new kind of underfilling technique that expands a little bit upon cure to help cover voids and its robust to a few missing spots .
If a reader is familiar with this type of underfill technique , I ’d appreciate a link to it .
Here ’s the backside of the motherboard , nice and simple ( again , click for the hi-res version ) :
And here are some detail shots , first of the camera :
And of the wifi :
A little trivia here –this is the same chipset used inside the Microsoft Xbox360 Wireless Networking Adapter .
Presumably Microsoft does n’t use the programmable ARM core in the Marvell 88W8388 to do something as magnanimous as bringing mesh wifi networking to the third world –probably it ’s used to help implement security authentication to support their high ASPs for their closed accessories and to implement Microsoft - enhanced protocol tweaks that helps lock out competitors .
Engineers make guns , they do n’t tell you where to point them –that ’s up to the marketing guys .
Hackers take these guns apart and use the barrels and stocks as tubing and lumber to build functional art .
Sometimes the art includes a bigger gun or a barrel that points backwards , and often it ’s up to the media to interpret what this cryptic art means .
Really , most of the time , it was done just because it ’s fun to make art , but that does n’t sell copy .
The OLPC ’s wifi sensitivity is really quite excellent –the dual antennae clear of the laptop ’s body do wonders for sensitivity .
On the other hand , I had some trouble getting the native UI to associate the OLPC to my access point , and to get it to stay there .
Overall , the software on the OLPC is clever but very “ appliance - like ” : there are some pre-loaded applications and it ’s not immediately obvious how to add new applications using the native UI ( it ’s hackable from the command line but that ’s not very beginner - friendly ) .
Then again , it does include some education - oriented scripting languages that kids can use to write programs , even if it does lack a local gcc installation , and it includes the basic infrastructure for chat , video , audio , and photo sharing functionalities .
If anything , I think the OLPC could play an important part in helping people keep in touch better in remote parts of the world , with some software improvements in that area ( I do n’t have two of these so I was n’t able to test how easy it is to share files or connect to each other over other protocols ) .
It also did n’t have an easy way to reconfigure the keyboard to the dvorak format that I type ( I probably have to go in and hack the X configuration files via the commandline ) and the keyboard is not at all comfortable for adult hands to type on –maybe I will have to plug a full - sized keyboard into the USB port to do anything extensive with the device , which sort of voids the portability aspect of the laptop .
Then again , the laptop was designed for children with smaller hands , and not adults like me .
Wait , I ’m an adult ?
Crap !
Finally , some screenshots of the OLPC XO - 1 ’s OS configuration :
Interestingly , the OLPC ships with a hardware AES unit .
Great for privacy , but presumably this is going to cause some troubles for the US government export controls when it comes to shipping the OLPC to certain third world countries on certain blacklists …
I know I had to fill out parts of a somewhat thorny encryption questionnaire for the chumby lawyers as part of preparation for chumby ’s sale .
Updated at 11:20 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 , 2007
Although violence was light for Iraqi civilians , eight U.S. servicemembers were killed in separate incidents .
At least 35 Iraqis were killed and 15 more wounded in the latest violence , which included an attack on policemen in Mosul and a pair of assassinations of local politicians .
Military authorities reported that four U.S. soldiers were killed during an explosion that occurred as they were conducting combat operations yesterday in At Ta’mim province .
In Anbar province , another soldier was killed in combat .
A sailor was killed during an explosion in Salah ad Din province .
Another soldier died from a non -combat related incident in Taji , and one soldier died in Kuwait from an illness .
The burnt bodies of six policemen were found on a road near Mosul ; they had been shot during an ambush .
In a drive - by shooting , gunmen killed a Ninewah governing council member and wounded his bodyguard .
Also , two civilians were killed in separate incidents in the al - Zuhour neighborhood and the Garage al - Shemal respectively .
In Baghdad , four dumped bodies were recovered .
Two bombs targeting a U.S. convoy wounded three civilians in an eastern area ; there is no word on American casualties yet .
In Ghadeer , gunmen killed a director of sewage as he was leaving work this afternoon .
No casualties were reported during an explosion in Karrada .
Also , security forces conducted a controlled explosion in Adhamiya .
Two bodies were found near Latifiya .
The victims had been shot to death and tortured .
In Dhuluiya , the beheaded bodies of two policemen were recovered from a grave .
Gunmen killed two men in Samarra .
A roadside bomb targeting a police patrol in Hawija injured three civilians instead .
While traveling on the outskirts of Hawija , the mayor of al - Sarai village was killed and his son injured .
In Missan province gunmen shot and killed a policeman .
An intelligence officer and his companion were killed in Tikrit .
In Abi al - Khasseb , the head of the municipal council survived an assassination attempt ; three bodyguards were injured .
Two Kurdish Peshmerga fighters were killed in Baquba last night .
A body was found in Baiji .
U.S. forces arrested a senior al - Qaeda suspect in Hawija .
Meawhile , Iraqi security forces arrested 20 more suspects in various locations , and four Iraqi soldiers were injured during operations .
Another 23 gunmen were arrested in Diyala province .
U.S. forces killed eight suspects and arrested 10 more in various locations .
Casualties by Margaret Griffis
Opinion
Pastor 's rhetoric is just as bitter as U.S. race history
But do n't tar Obama with the Rev. Wright 's words
And there it is .
...
The 800 - pound gorilla that is racial strife finally slings its poo against the political wall .
Let me just say this :
To me , the comments made by Sen. Barack Obama 's spiritual adviser , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , are pretty innocuous .
I say that knowing that they are offensive to white people , but the question has to be raised — why ?
Wright said that Sen. Hillary Clinton does not know what it is like to be a black man in an America run by rich white people .
She does n't .
If the bone of contention is that America is not run by rich white people , I will have to humbly but unequivocally disagree and ask you to see the Forbes 400 list of richest Americans .
Omit the entertainers and athletes .
Just how many people of color are left ?
According to Forbes , all you have is Oprah Winfrey at No. 165 and , based on the earlier caveat , she is disqualified because she is an entertainer .
So of the 399 richest people in America , 98 percent are white .
So where was Rev. Wright wrong ?
Wright also offered some conspiracy theories about how the U.S. government has wronged people of color in the past .
I do not believe that the government engineered AIDS , but it did engineer the Tuskegee experiments in which young African - American men infected with syphilis were denied treatment for study .
This was conducted from 1932 to 1972 , well - documented and acknowledged by the U.S. government .
I am sure Wright remembers this and many other racial injustices in his lifetime .
In fact , let 's go over the past 100 years of the United States ' " stellar " race / citizen relations : Japanese interment camps , American Indian reservations , Jim Crow laws , lynchings , late women 's suffrage , the immigration debate , the proposed anti-gay marriage amendment , voter irregularities of the 2000 election , Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans ...
I hate to break it to Americans , but women and people of color can be a bit paranoid when it comes to actions of the U.S. government .
As are , at times , white Americans .
White conservatives , especially , get angry .
Commentators Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity and Ann Coulter have jobs — and huge audiences — for a reason .
Let 's face facts .
Put the proverbial cards on the table .
A lot of people of color are angry .
Ask the African - American who is profiled by the cops , the Hispanic who is automatically seen as an illegal immigrant , the Asian person who is stereotyped , the American Indian whose ancestors suffered genocidal forced relocations , or the American of Middle Eastern descent who is profiled as a terrorist .
I have been very fortunate .
I spent my formative years in the suburbs of southwest Houston .
I went to a racially mixed school .
I had friends from all over the world , of all shades and colors .
I have worked to carry myself with respect , heeding my father , who told me , When you are out , you represent all black people .
I worked hard on my appearance , to speak without any discernible accent , to educate myself at one of Texas ' best universities ( Go Tech ! ) , to carry myself with the pride and dignity of an American .
All this , only to be asked by a white patron where the toilet paper is when shopping at a local supermarket .
All this , only to be stopped by police for DWB ( driving while black ) and asked what I am doing in this neighborhood .
To have a knife pulled on me for talking to a white girl .
Now Obama , who I am sure has worked just as hard to be affable , professional and acceptable in America , is suffering the fate that many before him have and unfortunately many afterward will .
As a person of color , he not only has to be good , he has to be the best .
And if you are not the best , America will view you as just another — well , you insert the appropriate racial or gender slur .
It seems the main reason the Rev. Wright is in trouble is that he shouted , " God damn America ! " from the pulpit .
Funny , because when Americans debate gay marriage or abortion , white preachers all over the country say , " God will damn America ! "
Did n't Jerry Falwell blame " the pagans , and the abortionists , and the feminists , and the gays and the lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle , the ACLU , People For the American Way — all of them who have tried to secularize America " for the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks ?
I guess if you damn America in the name of pro-life and heterosexual marriage you are OK , but if you do it based on government - sanctioned racial injustice , you are wrong .
To quote [ black comedian ]
Chris Rock , I suppose " it 's all right , if it 's all white ! "
Take Sen. John McCain , who said point blank to reporters , " I hated the gooks .
I will hate them as long as I live . "
I can't necessarily blame him for feeling that way .
If I had been placed in inhuman conditions for six years and had my arms pulled out of socket so often I could n't lift them above my head , I would hate my captors .
too .
The problem is the language : " gooks . "
It is a derogatory term that equates to the dreaded " N - word . "
Now some of the same people that championed that line from McCain are offended by Wright 's diatribe and tarring Obama with the fallout ?
I guess in America , guilt by association is more damning than actually doing or saying something yourself .
Let 's not forget , however , that America is a country and not a deity .
We have freedom of speech and religion .
People need to remember that and get over the idea that America is a pristine land of no wrong .
This is a great country , but what good is it if you can't criticize it ?
Burns is a senior marketing coordinator at the Houston Chronicle .
By TONY RENNELL
Last updated at 00:50 18 March 2008
On A roof in Wall Street , the banking area of New York , a maintenance worker was going about his business on the afternoon of October 24 , 1929 .
Then he looked down and saw a big crowd in the street below watching him .
They thought he was about to jump .
Shares on the New York Stock Exchange had been plummeting all day .
There were rumours of suicides .
The maintenance man seemed to fit the bill .
Scroll down for more ...
Lives being ruined by the minute : Outside the New York Stock Exchange , October 1929
And so one of the great myths of the 1929 Wall Street crash was born .
Bankers jumping out of skyscrapers and stockbrokers leaping to sudden death is the abiding image of economic collapse in all our minds .
But it is not strictly accurate .
History does record the fate of the executive of a cigar company at this time , perched on a high ledge in Manhattan and then plunging to his death below .
But it turned out he was just trying to fix the radio aerial in his hotel room .
But if that myth about the great crash of 1929 was an exaggeration , then the rest of the story is horrifyingly true .
It brought America 's prosperity and the belief of its people in never - ending growth to a sudden , unexpected and tragedy - laden halt .
Speculators , from the big tycoons to ordinary men and women , lost everything .
In the aftermath , recession turned into Depression , millions lost their jobs and fell into poverty .
Breadlines filled the streets that once had seemed paved with gold .
Almost 80 years on , with the world 's stock markets in turmoil and America 's fifth largest securities bank , Bear Stearns , having to be bailed out , the events of 1929 may seem as if they are coming to haunt us .
Is history about to repeat itself ?
The roots of the 1929 crash lay in the almost unparalleled wealth that had characterised the Roaring Twenties - a period not unlike the economic good fortune the West has enjoyed for the past 25 years .
President Calvin Coolidge felt he was presiding over capitalism and all its benefits , and the delights , the prosperity , would go on for ever , he assured the American people .
The United States had never had " a more pleasing prospect than that which appears at the present time , " he said in late 1928 .
The barometer of all this was the New York Stock Market though , as it shot higher and higher , and trade became hotter and hotter , thermometer might be a better analogy .
The market had tripled in four years and its prices reached an all - time high in September 1929 .
The middle classes were piling in with their surplus cash , and more .
" In the previous century , people like this had no idea they could do such things with their money , " said one historian of the period .
" But the experience of War Bonds during World War I - buying pieces of paper and getting a return on it later - really got people into this idea of paper assets , and it became a kind of craze . "
They were egged on by investors like Will Payne , who swore that putting your money in shares was no longer a gamble because everybody was winning .
John Jaskob , the author of Everybody Ought To Be Rich , told his expectant readers : " Just put $ 15 a month into shares , and it will be $ 80,000 in 20 years . "
No sweat .
Millions of ordinary people bought into this idea of wealth without having to work for it .
You threw everything you could into shares , and if you did n't have the cash to hand then the banks - in an awful pre-echo of today 's sub - prime crisis - were more than happy to oblige .
With interest rates at 3.5 per cent , credit was cheap .
Everybody was a broker or a tipster .
Like house prices in recent years , shares dominated after - dinner conversation from New York to San Francisco .
One observer noted that : " All sorts of people to whom the ticker - tape machine had been a hitherto alien mystery were whipping out the early editions of afternoon papers to catch the 1.30 pm quotations from Wall Street . "
Another was told by his barber in a whisper , " Buy Standard Gas .
It 's doubled .
It 's good for another double . "
The man reflected that if the hysteria had reached " barber level " , then something was not right .
A classic bubble was reaching bursting point .
On the morning of October 24 - " Black Thursday " as it came to be known - as the bell rang to signal the start of trading on the Wall Street Exchange there were no buyers , only sellers .
Even now , no one is absolutely sure why it happened on that day .
There was some political uncertainty over a new tariff about to be imposed on foreign goods which would push up prices in the shops , but little more to launch a crisis , let alone one that would engage the whole world .
But sentiment had turned .
The future looked less rosy than it had done yesterday .
A mighty sell - off was under way .
" It carried down with it speculators big and little in every part of the country , wiping out thousands of accounts , " the New York Times reported .
People sold in panic , taking any price they could get for fear that soon their shares would be worthless .
Thousands , the Times continued , " threw their holdings into the whirling stock exchange pit for what they would bring .
" Losses were tremendous and thousands of prosperous brokerage and bank accounts , sound and healthy a week ago , were completely wrecked in the strange debacle , due to a combination of circumstances but accelerated into a crash by fear . "
The ticker - tape on which prices were reported could not keep up and was sometimes 30 points behind the prices actually being traded on the frantic floor of the exchange .
Speculators were " wild - eyed , " the Times reported , " awed by the disaster that had overtaken them " .
Outside in the street , the crowds spotted the workman on his roof and feared the worst .
There was a bid to stop the rot .
Five of the most influential bankers in America met in crisis talks and after a brief discussion announced that they believed the market to be sound , that the collapse in prices was " technical " rather than fundamental and that many shares were now selling well below their true value .
They put their money where their mouths were and bought huge bundles of shares .
The reassurance worked and suddenly there were buyers eager for stock that an hour before you could barely give away .
But the damage had been done .
The bigger banks and traders may have recovered their position by the end of the day , but it was the smaller speculators , gambling with borrowed money , who were hardest hit .
If the big bankers , with their vote of confidence , thought they had contained the beast , they were wrong .
Four trading days after Black Thursday came Black Tuesday .
Panic turned into rout .
Between eight billion and nine billion dollars were wiped off the value of shares that day , " the most disastrous in the stock market 's history , " according to the New York Times .
On the floor of the Exchange , traders fought like animals .
" They hollered and screamed , " one observer said .
" They clawed at one another 's collars .
It was like a bunch of crazy men .
" Every once in a while , when Radio or Steel [ shares ] would take another tumble , you 'd see some poor devil collapse and fall to the floor . "
The New York Times saw efforts to rally the market simply swamped .
" Banking support which would have been impressive and successful under ordinary circumstances was swept violently aside as block after block of stock , tremendous in proportions , deluged the market . "
The Rockefellers were among those attempting to halt the decline by throwing in their money but the market simply crashed through their quotations and plunged downward " in a day of disorganisation , confusion and financial impotence " .
The human casualties could only look on .
As the New York Times reported : " All over the city , groups of men , with here and there a woman , stood watching spools of ticker - tape unwind and as the tenuous paper with its cryptic numerals grew longer at their feet , their fortunes shrank .
" They were like friends around the bedside of a stricken friend .
There were no smiles .
" There were no tears either .
Just the camaraderie of fellow sufferers .
Everybody wanted to tell his neighbour how much he had lost .
" Nobody wanted to listen .
It was all too repetitious a tale . "
That day , more than 16 million shares were sold .
By the time the exhausted market closed , the Dow Industrial Index , the measure of share prices , had lost nearly a quarter of its value .
It would be 25 years before it got back to its high of just two months earlier .
Investors were ruined .
More importantly - and perhaps more pertinently for today - the banks which had been so eager to lend money to fund the share buying , shut up shop .
Businesses found themselves without credit .
Company closures followed - 100,000 in the next few years - and America spiralled downwards into Depression .
Economists still disagree about what caused the crash .
It was n't the economy , they say .
America 's finances were sound , the Government had a healthy surplus on its budget , balance sheets were strong in the corporate sector and shares were not in fact as overvalued as might have been expected .
But the facts of the economy were irrelevant .
Once confidence had gone , sheer panic took over .
The long - term impact on America was enormous .
One observer wrote : " We thought American business was the Rock of Gibraltar .
" We were the prosperous nation and nothing could stop us .
There was a feeling of continuity .
" If you made it , it was for ever .
Suddenly the big dream exploded .
The impact was unbelievable . "
What stared America in the face was an era of unprecedented poverty and unemployment in which men who had once run their own companies queued up to be jurors in the courts just to get the $ 4 - a - day allowance .
You could barely move in New York for shoe shine boys and door - to - door salesmen just trying to scrounge a living .
It was a fate America - and the world - never wants to repeat .
Could the 1929 crash - and , by implication , the Depression of the 1930s - have been prevented ?
Some economic historians believe it was part of an unstoppable economic cycle , just as some analysts believe a major downturn is certain now .
But stock market crashes can be better managed today than the one of 1929 .
Then the bankers did try to stop it , but their intervention was too little and too late .
It had been a different story 22 years earlier in 1907 , when panic threatened the American banking system .
The tycoon J. P. Morgan came to the rescue by forcing bankers to fund a multi-milliondollar rescue package .
Summoning the country 's leading financiers to his New York mansion , he told them : " This is where the trouble stops . "
It did .
Perhaps it is some comfort in America 's present financial crisis that it is the bank that still bears his name , JPMorgan Chase , that is leading the Bear Stearns rescue .
This is where the trouble stops ?
We shall see .
Do you ever wish that people would just shut up about money ?
Yes , it ’s important .
Yes , you could use more of it .
Yes , you ’d better start saving and investing , or you ’ll regret it later .
But frankly , you do n’t want to hear it .
You ’re tired of people pitching you “ financial solutions . ”
You ’re tired of reading boring articles about investing .
You ’re tired of everyone talking about it , everywhere you go , all the time .
In fact , you take that back .
You ’re not just tired of it .
You hate it .
Why ?
Do you really have to count the reasons ?
Actually , there ’s no need .
I already have .
Some will apply to you and some wo n’t , but here are 38 perfectly valid reasons to hate money and everything requires ( be sure to read to the end ) :
Personal :
1 . You never have enough of it , no matter what you do – Most of us dedicate 60 - 80 % of our day to thinking about things related to money , but we never seem to have enough to pay for everything .
2 . You ca n’t rest as much as you need to – You ’re tired .
Really , really tired , like you would have to take six months off to recuperate .
But you ca n’t do that .
You have to make money .
3 . You ca n’t afford to buy the best – You deserve the best food , the best cell phone , the best clothes , the best house .
But you ca n’t afford it , and you resent what it takes to get it .
4 . You feel guilty about your income – You ’re a smart person , and you should really be earning more than you are , but you ’re stuck in a low - paying job .
5 . You ca n’t afford adequate health care –
You worry about needing to go to the doctor or something happening to you .
You ’re barely scraping by as it is , and you could n’t afford doctor bills .
6 . You feel guilty for not pursuing your dreams –
You told yourself you were going to live a grand life of happiness and adventure , but here you are , sitting in front of a computer .
7 . You feel trapped by your financial circumstances – Your life sucks , but you ca n’t figure a way out of it .
You ’re trapped by your finances .
8 . You ca n’t afford to help worthy causes – You ’re not a callous person .
There are causes you would love to help , but you ca n’t afford to give them any money , and it breaks your heart .
9 . You miss the best opportunities – You ’ve watched others take advantage of opportunities and become wealthy , where you could n’t afford to pursue them , even though you knew they would succeed .
10 .
You ’re not good enough for some people –
You despise rich people for excluding you from their world and treating you like you are from “ the other side of the tracks . ”
11 . You ca n’t afford to date wealthier people –
You ’ve met someone that you really , really like , but they ’re much wealthier , and you feel out of place in their world .
12 . You have to talk with your friends about money –
You used to talk with your friends about philosophy , scientific advances , relationships — anything but money .
Now it seems like that ’s all you talk about , and it ’s made your friendships shallow .
13 .
You ca n’t afford to help your friends and family – Giving money to your friends and family is a burden , but it ’s also a blessing .
It ’s frustrating when you ca n’t afford to help them and have to watch them struggle .
Family :
14 .
You have to work , instead of spending time with your kids –
You ’re worried about waking up one day and discovering your kids are grown and you missed it because you spent all your time working to provide for them .
15 .
Your kids are ashamed of what you do for a living – Part of being a parent is being able to look your kids in the eyes , and it ’s hard when you know they do n’t respect what you do , but you ca n’t find any other way to make a living .
16 . Your spouse ’s parents do n’t approve of what you do – Few things are more irritating than when your spouse ’s parents treat you like garbage because they do n’t respect what you do to make money , or they do n’t think you make enough .
17 .
You ca n’t take care of your parents when they get old – Your parents ca n’t take care of themselves like they used to , and it ’s up to you to provide for them .
Only , you barely make enough to take your yourself , and you ’re forced to give them substandard care .
18 . You ca n’t afford the best medical care for your family –
You worry about your kids getting sick or facing any sort of medical emergency .
You ca n’t afford good insurance , and you wonder if it ’s endangering your family .
19 .
You have to fight about money – You and your spouse constantly argue about money .
You love each other , but you wonder if financial problems will end your marriage .
20 .
You ca n’t give your spouse the life they deserve – Your spouse never complains about money , but you feel guilty about not being able to do more for them .
21 . You ca n’t afford everything your kids want for Christmas – You have to see the disappointment on your child ’s face when they unwrap the last present , and what they really wanted is n’t there because you could n’t afford it .
22 . You have to dress your kids in used clothes , and it shows – Kids at school make fun of your children because they wear used clothes , and it kills you to know you ca n’t afford to buy them the latest fashions .
23 .
You ca n’t afford for your spouse to stay at home with the kids – Your spouse wants to stay at home and take care of the kids , but you ca n’t afford it .
You both have to work and watch your children grow up in day care .
Management :
24 .
You have to read the financial and business sections of the newspaper – Everyday , you check the financial and business sections of the newspaper to make sure you ’re not going to be blindsided by something .
And it nearly bores you to death .
25 .
You have to save money out of every paycheck – You ’re already just barely getting by on your pay , but to get ahead , you have to deduct a portion of your paycheck for savings , making it that much more meager .
26 .
You have to worry about doing your taxes – The IRS gives you cold sweats .
You ’d rather do anything but deal with them , but whenever you make a dollar , you have to make sure they know about it when you efile your taxes .
Otherwise , you ’re punished later .
27 .
You have to pay people to protect your money – Attorneys , accountants , financial planners — you have to pay all of them to protect your money .
You just wish everyone would leave you alone and you did n’t need an army of suits to guard your financial future .
28 . You have to learn how to invest – Learning how to invest is work .
Tedious , boring work , and you hate having to learn it .
29 .
You risk losing money that you worked hard to get – Sometimes , you make a bad financial move and lose a portion of your savings .
You traded hours of your life for that money , and it kills a part of you to see it washed away .
30 .
You have to set aside the time to pay bills –
You despise paying the bills , mainly because you have to spend hours figuring out where to find the money and worrying about making a mistake .
But they keep on coming .
Work :
31 . You have to take a well - paying job instead of a meaningful one – When you were a kid , you did n’t dream of being a help desk technician / corporate executive / attorney / whatever , but you have to do it to pay the bills .
32 . You have to be nice to your boss –
You do n’t like your boss , but you have to kiss their ass anyway , no matter how much you hate being inauthentic .
33 .
You have to take work home with you –
In the old days , people use to leave their work at the office .
But not anymore .
Every night , you bring home a to - do list and feel suspiciously taken advantage of .
34 .
You worry about losing your job –
The thought of losing your job scares you , and it ’s the motivation for almost everything you do at work .
You hate living in fear , but that ’s your life .
35 .
You have to sit in traffic – How much of your life have you wasted , sitting in traffic at peak times to get to work ?
You ca n’t bear to think about it .
36 .
You had to spend years in school – Instead of playing and having fun when you were a kid and teenager , you went to school — a 16 year preparation program for work .
Maybe it was necessary , but you wish you could have enjoyed those years more .
Life as an adult kind of sucks .
37 .
You have to compete against others –
It bothers you that everything about money seems to be a competition .
If you get a good job , then someone else does n’t .
If you make a good investment , then someone else misses the opportunity .
You wish your gain was n’t someone else ’s loss .
38 .
You have to do extra for a promotion –
If you want to advance and make more money , you ca n’t just “ do your job . ”
You have to “ go beyond the call of duty . ”
The problem is , constantly “ going beyond ” can consume your life .
What Have I Missed ?
Tell me , what have I missed ?
What are some of the things that you hate most about money ?
Or do you think I ’m totally wrong ?
Either way , leave me a comment and let me know what you think .
I ’m going to be writing a lot more about this over the next few weeks and eventually releasing a manifesto on the subject .
Make sure you subscribe , so you do n’t miss out .
Seven years ago , Elizabeth Miller was a volunteer physician in a community - based clinic in Boston , Mass. , which offered confidential services to teens .
She is still haunted by the memory of a 15 - year old girl who asked her for a pregnancy test .
It was negative , but two weeks later the girl was treated for a severe head injury in a nearby emergency room .
The girl 's boyfriend had pushed her down a flight of stairs .
" I assumed all she needed was to be educated about her contraceptive options , " Miller recalled .
" Later , I wondered what I had missed .
Could I have asked a question that would have identified that she was in an abusive relationship ? "
That nagging question inspired Miller , now a pediatrician with UC Davis Children 's Hospital , to dedicate her career to trying to understand the unique characteristics of adolescent partner violence .
In a new qualitative clinical study published in the September - October issue of the journal Ambulatory Pediatrics , Miller and her research colleagues report that a quarter of the teenage girls interviewed for the study -- all of whom had histories of abusive relationships -- say their partners were actively trying to get them pregnant .
The study is the first in the general adolescent health literature to document the role of abusive partners in promoting teen pregnancy .
" Physicians are trained to think about domestic violence in adult terms , " said Miller , a physician trained in both adult and pediatric medicine who specializes in treating adolescents .
" Our study suggests that health - care providers who come in contact with teens , especially those seeking pregnancy testing and emergency contraception , should ask about the possibility of abuse in the relationship and specifically whether the young woman 's partner may be trying to get her pregnant . "
Miller 's study is based on interviews with 61 girls from a variety of racial and ethnic backgrounds with a known history of intimate partner violence living in the poorest neighborhoods in Boston .
The analysis included 53 girls between the ages of 15 and 20 who reported being sexually active and involved in relationships that included recurring patterns of physical , sexual or emotional abuse from a male partner .
Twenty - six percent of these girls reported that their partners were actively trying to get them pregnant by manipulating condom use , sabotaging birth control use and making explicit statements about wanting them to become pregnant .
advertisement
" We were floored by what these girls told us , " Miller recalled .
" You think of forced sex as an aspect of abusive relationships , but this takes that abuse a step further to reproductive control of a young woman 's body . "
Despite the small sample size , Miller describes the current study as a critically important first step toward understanding the nuances of control in intimate relationships and its role in teen pregnancy .
" Our study suggests that those providing care , especially reproductive care , to adolescent girls need to ask questions that reveal the complexities of partner violence , specifically whether a partner is actively trying to get her pregnant when she does n't want to be , " Miller said .
" Historically , assessments in clinical settings have focused on physical and sexual violence -- and for good reasons .
However , our data argues for including questions , for instance , about whether a boyfriend is flushing birth control pills down the toilet or saying he used a condom when he did n't .
And pregnancy prevention programs should include discussions about reproductive control as a form of abuse in relationships . "
" This study demonstrates for the first time that abusive boys and men often actively promote pregnancy including contraceptive nonuse in their relationships , " said Jay Silverman , director of Violence Preventions Programs for the Harvard School of Public Health and senior author on the study .
" The implications are clear -- when we see girls who cannot consistently use contraception , who are requesting frequent emergency contraception or who seek repeat pregnancy testing , we need to be asking very directly about abuse from male partners and find ways to support them and promote their safety . "
Miller added that she and her colleagues will next look at the phenomenon of reproductive control in a larger study and at the population level .
They just completed a clinic - based survey of 825 youth in the Boston area designed to address the prevalence of intimate partner violence and related behaviors among boys and girls seeking confidential care , and they are in the process of designing a national study to address these same issues .
Miller has also designed a study that would test interventions for partner violence in family planning clinics among women ages 16 to 24 years , and she is planning a study of dating violence intervention to be conducted in school - based clinics in California and Massachusetts .
These interventions involve identifying intimate partner violence through screening questions and include a protocol for providing referrals to appropriate resources , such as advocacy groups , shelters , counseling and agencies that can address safety .
" Our work is aimed at documenting the severity and prevalence of intimate partner violence in teens , " Miller said .
" Ultimately , we want to reduce teen pregnancy and the devastating effects of partner violence . "
The current study was supported by grants from the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control / CDC and the William T. Grant Scholars Program .
When the first autumn leaves beginn to flutter down around my house , it signals the start of a traditional family ritual .
To ensure good luck for the next twelve months it is important that , when the autumn winds are blowing , we go outside and catch – or try to catch – twelve falling leaves .
It sounds easy , but twisting , spiralling , flying leaves are not easy to snatch out of the air .
And the competition for extra colourful or nice - shaped specimens can be fierce when flurry of them whiz past , making for excellent and sometimes quite violent sport .
Picture by Ged Wells
From The Book of Idle Pleasures ( Ebury Press )
This was basically “ an experiment to exploit the single frames that make up an animated film and explore the emotions of the creative process — created with 987 Polaroids and no computer compositing . ”
Contrary to our previous beliefs , identical twins are not genetically identical .
This surprising finding is presented by American , Swedish , and Dutch scientists in a study being published today in the prestigious journal American Journal of Human Genetics .
The finding may be of great significance for research on hereditary diseases and for the development of new diagnostic methods .
How can it be that one identical twin might develop Parkinson ’s disease , for instance , but not the other ?
Until now , the reasons have been sought in environmental factors .
The current study complicates the picture .
“ Even though the genome is virtually identical in identical twins , our results show that there in fact are tiny differences and that they are relatively common .
This could have a major impact on our understanding of genetically determined disorders , ” says Jan Dumanksi , who co-directed the international study with his colleague Carl Bruder .
“ By uncovering these small genetic differences in identical twins where one of them is sick , we have a way of tying specific genetic changes to the genesis of common diseases , ” says Carl Bruder .
These researchers studied 19 pairs of identical twins and found that they indeed had the same DNA but nevertheless evinced differences in the number of copies of individual DNA segments .
A segment might be missing , or more copies might exist in one twin .
This could explain how one identical twin can be afflicted with a disorder while the other twin remains fully healthy , according to the scientists .
Source : Uppsala University
It seems that the push for a fence on the southern border of the United States is about to become a really big theft :
The government is readying 102 court cases against landowners in Arizona , California and Texas for blocking efforts to select sites for a fence along the Mexican border , a Department of Homeland Security official said yesterday .
With the lawsuits expected soon , the legal action would mark an escalation in the clash between the government and the property owners .
The Bush administration wants to build 370 miles of fencing and 300 miles of vehicle barriers by the end of the year .
A number of property owners have granted the government access to their land , but others have refused .
The agency sent letters to 135 of them last month , warning that they had 30 days to comply or face court action .
(…)
Some opponents of the fence say the government is violating the rights of indigenous landowners , descendants of American Indians and others who claim ancestral rights to the land or whose families were awarded property through Spanish land grants .
One holdout , Eloisa Garcia Tamez , 72 , owns three acres in El Calaboz , Tex. , about 12 miles west of Brownsville , a city at the state ’s southernmost tip .
Tamez said her property was part of a Spanish land grant and her grandfather was Lipan Apache , a tribe not officially recognized by Washington but known to have existed in Texas and Mexico .
“ I ’m waiting for whatever they ’ve got coming and I ’m not going to sign .
I ’m not , ” Tamez said .
CALL FOR PAPERS
Logic Journal of the IGPL
Special Issue on Hybrid Logics
DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSIONS : 31st of May 2009
A special issue of the Logic Journal of the IGPL is being prepared , devote to Hybrid Logics .
Visit the following site for more information .
I was pleased to learn that many of my peers at Columbia are upset and feel that not enough is being done on campus to try and end the war .
I was also pleased with those who made a point of telling people that it is great that students at Columbia College are being pulled into politics by Barack but we must not quit participating and engaging in politics after this election is over in November .
And I was so happy that an overwhelming majority were rejecting the corporate media because it gave me a chance to ask them to support alternative news media like OpEdNews .
I came home after a two hour panel discussion that was set up like a town hall meeting where I promoted OpEdNews and told students to submit writing to find out that David Horowitz is planning another brainwashing of college students nationwide with Islamo - Fascism Week The Sequel .
Who is David Horowitz ?
At CampusProgress.org , David Horowitz is accurately characterized as a right - wing speaker .
Even more accurately , he is described as “ a former campus leftist who now gleefully spews angry criticism of academia and the left . ”
Portions of Campus Progress ' bio of David Horowitz follows .
If you already know the history of David Horowitz , bypass it and read the meat of this article --- the meat which describes David Horowitz 's new tour or sorry , invasion of college campuses .
David Horowitz was once involved in American Maoist Communist political organizations .
He went on to receive his Master ’s degree at another hotbed of liberalism , the University of California , Berkeley .
He did his about - face in 1985 when he launched an assault against his erstwhile leftward compatriots , whom he now calls " violently , fervently committed to their unholy war to tear down American democracy and replace it with their version – an Americanized version – of communism . "
In his reformed state , Horowitz still describes himself as “ a civil rights activist ” on his website .
His blood , sweat , and tears go into defending that downtrodden demographic , white males .
In 2001 , Horowitz stirred national controversy when he ran nasty advertisements in college newspapers across the country entitled “ Ten Reasons Why Reparations for Slavery is a Bad Idea — and Racist Too . ”
The full - page ads ran in several college papers , causing some to issue retractions and apologies , and others to receive protest from outraged students and accusations of racism .
Horowitz capitalized on the latter by declaring an “ assault on free speech ” by left - leaning students .
Through it all , Horowitz has found a smarmy , backhanded way of misrepresenting himself as a defender of civil rights – he baselessly brands his ideological opponents as " racist " to deflect criticism of his own racially inflammatory remarks .
A contributor to numerous right - wing publications , Horowitz is the president of the Center for the Study of Popular Culture , a think tank financed by conservative funders that serves as an incubator for right - wing radicals .
The group ’s online journal , Front Page Magazine , began running Ann Coulter ’s column after her post - 9/11 radical anti-Muslim comments got her fired from The National Review .
Horowitz is a regular on TV and radio shows , where he mindlessly attacks the supposedly liberal media and denounces it for its “ falsehoods . ”
Horowitz continues his campaign against supposed “ liberal bias ” on college campuses through his organization Students for Academic Freedom .
According to Horowitz , America ’s schools are moving towards a “ one party academic state ” that is governed by a ruthless liberal dictatorship .
He regales campuses with tales of liberal outrages , some of which cannot be documented despite diligent efforts by researchers and may never have occurred at all .
Horowitz also authored the “ Academic Bill of Rights , ” a misleading manifesto already introduced in eight state legislatures – and in the U.S. House of Representatives – touting the need for “ academic diversity ” in university faculty .
The Academic Bill of Rights would prohibit professors at both public and private colleges from introducing “ controversial matter ” into the classroom .
The bill would shift oversight of college course content away from trained professors and administrators and into the hands of state governments and courts .
While it has not been formally adopted anywhere yet , it has inspired legislative policies toward “ intellectual diversity ” in Ohio and Pennsylvania .
The Inter - University Council of Ohio has reached an agreement with Senate sponsors of the Ohio Academic Bill of Rights to implement key principles of “ academic freedom ” in Ohio public and private universities .
Despite fierce objections from the American Association of University Professors , the National Education Association and the American Federation of Teachers , the Pennsylvania House of Representatives passed a resolution that required a Select Committee to “ examine , study and inform the legislature about the condition of academic freedom in the state ’s universities ” on July 5th , 2005 .
Horowitz smugly declared that if the liberal school boards had not refused to adopt his non-legislative Academic Bill , government intervention would be unnecessary .
Horowitz and his overwhelmingly right - wing supporters insist that the grievance procedures in the Ohio Academic Bill of Rights and the Pennsylvania resolution protect all students from discrimination based on political / ideological affiliation .
After nearly a year and countless hours of testimony , the committee concluded that there were few if any academic freedom violations in Pennsylvania , and that no legislation was necessary .
Horowitz has continuously mischaracterized the hearings .
The Academic Bill of Rights is both redundant and misleading .
Most colleges already have rules ensuring free expression ( political and otherwise ) , and Horowitz and his supporters have been able to offer scant evidence of campus political bullying .
The Bill of Rights serves as a perfect guise for his true aim : to pressure state - funded colleges and universities to pack their faculties with conservative professors .
According to Students for Academic Freedom , the group seeks “ to get more than 500,000 signatures — 10,000 per state — to present to lawmakers , alumni , regents and administrations across the nation ” in support of the bill .
Leading the “ victimize us no more ! ” call to arms that has become a trademark of conservative pundits , Horowitz laments the “ blacklisting ” of conservative students and professors and calls on his followers to keep a close eye on their professors .
He urges them to help him keep a record of the supposed political bullying that he says occurs regularly in college classrooms in his Academic Freedom Abuse Center .
The Academic Freedom Abuse Center , housed on the Students for Academic Freedom website , invites students to report having their " rights abused " in class .
But it only looks impressive until you start reading the actual claims .
Some highlights :
One student complains because her professor suggested men and women might see colors differently .
Another is offended she was asked to watch an " immoral Seinfeld episode . "
A recent entry in the database was from an Ohio State student who claims he got a bad grade on an essay because his English professor " hates families and thinks it ’s okay to be gay . "
( Another complaint comes from an Augustana College senior who is upset her school used " funds from Student activity fees to bring in the one - sided speaker David Horowitz . " ) …
… In a recent “ lesson “ on his new website , Discoverthenetwork.org , Horowitz makes the outlandish claim that most of America ’s progressive leaders , Hollywood entertainers and civil rights advocates are closely aligned with radical Islamist terrorists known for killing Americans .
He ’s not kidding around .
Though at first glance ( not to mention upon further inspection ) it seems like a simple - minded ploy to earn chortles among the right at the expense of the left , he warns , “ This database reflects links that are not merely caricatures by political enemies but are legitimate indices of a political reality . ”
In Horowitz ’s political reality , Sen. Barack Obama appears on the same row as terrorist leader Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , and John Walker Lindh , the American Taliban , appears next to the Center for American Progress ’s very own John Podesta …
… Speaking of tasting , Horowitz was one of several conservative speakers who got pelted with food by students during speaking events in April 2005 .
On April 6 , while delivering a speech to Butler University students , someone hurled a cream pie that hit Horowitz smack in the face .
Campus Progress in no way endorses such attempts to curb free speech .
Horowitz has as much of a right to speak his mind as the rest of us , no matter how weak his arguments or hazy his facts .
And we do n’t like wasting pie , which is ( often ) delicious .
We do think it ’s particularly lame that instead of chuckling it off and trying to save face , Horowitz is pressing criminal charges and is on a mission to get the perp suspended .
On April 29 , 2005 , while speaking at Columbia University , Horowitz caused quite a stir when he passed out a pamphlet that bore a picture of Noam Chomsky with a turban and beard , under the heading , “ The Ayatollah of Anti-American Hate . ”
At least Horowitz has a sense of irony :
He was there to lecture students about the importance of “ ideological diversity . ”
Apparently , this diversity does n’t apply to lefty American scholars .
China could scrap its one - child policy , a senior family planning official said today , acknowledging concerns about its effects in creating an ageing society and gender gap .
The controversial rules , which restrict most urban families to a single child and rural households to two , were introduced in the 1970s in a bid to bring the country 's vast population – the world 's largest – from soaring out of control and outstripping limited resources .
But today the vice - minister of the National Population and Family Planning Commission said officials were carrying out detailed examination of the environmental , social and other implications of changing the law .
Asked if they were planning to axe the one - child policy , Zhao Baige told reporters in Beijing that there was a " very serious process " of study .
" I cannot answer at what time or how [ we will decide ] , but this has really become a big issue among decision makers , " she said .
" We want to have a transition from control to a slowdown [ relaxation ] , incrementally .
The attitude is to do the studies , to consider it responsibly . "
Although the population has yet to peak – it is expected to rise from 1.3 billion now to 1.5 billion in 2033 - the birth rate has dropped below the replacement rate of 2.1 .
Rising prosperity in recent years has also helped to change attitudes .
Zhao said 60 % of young women now say they want a maximum of two children .
While there is no prospect of controls being thrown out overnight , changes could be rolled out region - by - region , or introduced for particular kinds of households .
Concessions already exist allowing people in their second marriage to have another baby if their spouse has none , and permitting couples without any siblings to have two children .
But officials are nervous of announcing potential changes in the rules lest people pre-empt them .
Discussions about relaxations of the law in 1983 are believed to have led to the birth of an extra 30 million babies that year .
Zhao also acknowledged the problems posed by the longstanding cultural preference for boys and warned that in future the use of ultrasound to predict the sex of a child – and terminate female fetuses – could become " a big issue " for China .
It already has 118 male births for every 100 female ; way above the global " normal " ratio of between 103 and 107 boys for every 100 girls .
The government is rolling out a scheme to encourage families to value girls by introducing special social and economic benefits for them .
It is developing an increasingly sophisticated set of policies around population control , focusing not just on the total number of citizens but also issues such as age distribution .
It is also attempting to address the underlying causes of excess births and the preference for males , and to promote its policies more effectively .
" In the 70s it was always the same language – ' One child is best ' .
Now it is about giving information on contraception , " said Zhao .
The enforcement system is far less punitive than in the 80s and early 90s , but families that exceed the official limits face fines or " compensation fees " .
These can be punitive for poorer families – which can face the confiscation of property if they fail to pay - but almost insignificant for the wealthy .
That has spawned resentment that a good income can even affect a household 's ability to have children .
The commission also said that , in a case that became an international cause célèbre , two officials had been detained for three to six months , and one official sacked , after women in Shandong province were forced to have abortions and sterilisations .
According to some reports , up to 7,000 women were affected .
However , Chen Guangcheng , the blind activist who tried to launch legal actions on behalf of the victims , is still imprisoned .
prisonplanet.com
by Paul Joseph Watson
Iraq vet exposes how he was trained to round up Americans in martial law exercise , asked if he would kill his own friends and family
U.S. troops are being trained to conduct round - ups , confiscate guns and shoot American citizens , including their own friends and family members , as part of a long - standing program to prepare for the declaration of martial law , according to a soldier who recently returned from Iraq .
We received an e mail from “ Scott ” , a member of a pipefitters union that runs an apprenticeship program called Helmets To Hard Hats , which according to its website , “ Is a national program that connects National Guard , Reserve and transitioning active - duty military members with quality career training and employment opportunities within the construction industry . ”
Scott writes that his company hired a soldier who had recently returned from Iraq , who told him that U.S. troops were being quizzed on whether or not they would be prepared to shoot their own friends and family members during a national state of emergency in America .
“ I have become very close to this young man and have gained his respect and trust , ” writes Scott .
“ I want you to know that he informed me about one particular training exercise his superiors made them perform .
It was concerning the rounding up of American citizens that disobey any type of martial law or in other words any type of infringement on our freedoms . ”
“ He was asked if he could shoot his friends or family members if ordered to do so .
At the time he said he could , ” writes Scott .
Scott says that the soldier later “ had time to clear his head ” and realize the truth , recanting his vow to kill his own countrymen if ordered to do so .
The issue of whether U.S. troops would be prepared to round - up , disarm and if necessary shoot Americans who disobeyed orders during a state of martial law is a question that military chiefs have been attempting to answer for at least 15 years .
Its known origins can be traced back to an October 1994 Marine questionnaire out of the Twentynine Palms Marine Base in California .
Recruits were asked 46 questions , including whether they would kill U.S. citizens who refused to surrender their firearms .
Documentary film maker Alex Jones brought to light similar training programs that were taking place across the country in the late 90’s which revolved around U.S. Marines being trained to arrest American citizens and take them to internment camps .
During one such program in Oakland California , dubbed “ Operation Urban Warrior , ” Marines refused to answer if they would target American citizens for gun confiscation if ordered to do so .
During hurricane Katrina , National Guard units were ordered to confiscate guns belonging to New Orleans residents .
As we first exposed in May 2006 , Clergy Response Teams are being trained by the federal government and FEMA to “ quell dissent ” and pacify citizens to obey the government in the event of a declaration of martial law .
Pastors and other religious representatives are being taught to become secret police enforcers who teach their congregations to “ obey the government ” in preparation for the implementation of martial law , property and firearm seizures , mass vaccination programs and forced relocation .
Many scoffed at our original story , which was based on the testimony of a whistleblower who was asked to participate in the program .
Claims that the story was a conspiracy theory soon evaporated when a mainstream KSLA news report confirmed the existence of the program .
The experiences of U.S. troops in the worst areas of Iraq , where soldiers are ordered to go door to door and arrest all men of military age as well as confiscate their weapons , is a mere portend of what is being planned for America if these training programs ever come to fruition .
( Source )
Thrudb - faster , cheaper than SimpleDB
Amazon ’s recent announcement of SimpleDB generated a lot of buzz in the community - finally , a database service for our virtual infrastructure !
Well , not so fast .
SimpleDB is a far cry from the usual RDMBS we ’re all used to , and it ’s best described as a key - value store ( BerkeleyDB , really ) , or a meta - data storage layer for your S3 objects .
If you ’re curious , Charles Ying and Todd Hoff provide a great overview , as well as a plethora of links for more information on SimpleDB .
Document - oriented databases belong to a different paradigm and a realization that a run off the mill RDMBS is not a panacea to every problem .
In many applications , all we need is a key lookup , ability to store and index massive amounts of data , and none of the other overhead that is associated with an RDMBS .
SimpleDB , RDDB , and CouchDB all belong to this paradigm and offer very similar functionality .
However , there is also a new kid on the block , and boy does it look promising - Thrudoc .
Developed by Jake Luciani as part of his ThruDB platform which currently powers JunkDepot , it is a highly scalable document - oriented database ideal for deployment on virtual ( Amazon EC2+S3 ) or dedicated infrastructure .
Thrudb - looking under the hood
Thrudb is an attempt to simplify the management of the modern web data layer ( indexing , caching , replication , backup ) by providing a consistent set of services : Thrucene for indexing , Throxy for partitioning and load balancing , and Thrudoc for document storage .
Jake ’s whitepaper provides a great overview of the design philosophy and API samples .
In addition , the entire stack is implemented on top of Thrift , which allows for easy language interoperability and API access !
Thrudoc storage engines
Thrudoc comes with several data storage engines : Disk , S3 , and a yet undocumented ( you heard it here first ! )
Disk + S3 backends .
Each one is optimized for a different deployment scenario , so let ’s take a closer look :
Disk based storage is arguably the most straight forward and offers a great set of services .
By default , each document is assigned a UUID and stored as an individual file on the local filesystem .
The contents of the document may be XML , JSON , a Thrift object , or even your own proprietary format - Thrudoc is data format agnostic and places no constraints on the size or type of data .
S3 based storage engine effectively turns the Thrudoc process into a proxy .
All of the document data resides in the cloud , and hence you will never have to worry about disk - space constraints , data persistence or backup .
Of course , due to the communications overhead with the S3 servers , the throughput of this system suffers ( ~150 req/s ) as each request generates an S3 lookup or store .
Having said that , the scaling ca n’t be easier - just boot up more servers , they ’re all querying the same S3 bucket anyway !
A load balancer , and N Thrudoc servers with S3 backend should provide the throughput capacity of N*150 req/s .
Not bad , and we still have more tricks to increase performance !
( Hint : memcached , see below )
Disk +S3 - one engine to rule them all
After some brainstorming , and a few late - night chats Jake created a Disk + S3 backend which gives us all the benefits of the Disk - only model , and the hassle free approach of the S3 engine .
In this implementation , the data is persisted on local disk , which gives us an incredible throughput capacity , and a slave thread quietly replays all of the commands to the S3 backend as well , thus giving us a hassle free persistence and recovery model for virtual environments such as EC2 !
Let ’s take a look at the request cycles :
On every store , the data is persisted to disk , and a background process also replays the command to S3 .
You no longer have to worry about backups as your data is safe in the cloud even if the server goes down .
However , while free backup is nice , the seamless recovery process is pure icing on the cake .
If you look at the request cycle for a get query , you ’ll notice that disk is checked first , however , if the document is not found , Thrudoc issues a lookup command into the S3 cloud automagically !
Once and if the document is found on S3 , it is pulled into the disk storage and returned to the user - all subsequent lookups will find the file on disk .
You do n’t have to worry about recovering your data , simply bring up a fresh server and let the Thrudoc engine populate its index from S3 based on the current request profiles .
Ca n’t get much easier than that !
To get started with Disk + S3 engine , open up thrudoc.conf , specify your S3 keys , your local index directory , and enable the engine :
BACKEND_TYPE = DISK +S3S3 _BUCKET_NAME
= thrudb AWS_ACCESS_KEY = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
= XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
THRUDB_ROOT = ../ DOC_ROOT = docs
Optional memcached layer for speed
If speed and throughput are mission critical , there is an additional feature which every developer will love : Thrudoc is memcached aware .
You can specify a local server or an array of memcached servers which will be positioned and queried before any request hits the Disk , S3 , or Disk + S3 engines .
Hence , as long as you have repeat queries , even the standalone S3 engine may provide more than enough throughput with memcached in front .
Indexing , search , and future of Thrudoc
In many ways Thrudoc is a direct competitor to Amazon ’s SimpleDB .
The Disk +S3 engine provides hassle free setup , backup and recovery for deployment on EC2 , and also removes many of the limitations inherent to SimpleDB - no 1024 byte limit per attribute , ability to use proprietary data formats , no query time limits , and more .
However , some features are missing as well .
Thrudoc is a strict document store system , and it has no native support for indexing , range queries , or meta - data lookups .
Instead , these services are handled by Thrucene .
So is Thrudoc a replacement for SimpleDB ?
Perhaps , the two are sufficiently different to attract a different crowd and applications , but the upsides of a completely free , highly scalable system developed by Jake are going to be hard to overlook for many developers .
One thing for sure , Thrudoc is a young but a very promising project and I hope that more developers will sign - on , spread the word , and contribute to the source !
WASHINGTON , Nov. 6 — France ’s president , Nicolas Sarkozy , burst onto the Washington scene on Tuesday , clearly reveling in his first official visit to the White House and asking the United States to embrace him as a friend .
Mr. Sarkozy has met President Bush several times , so the brief visit was a vehicle for Mr. Bush to reward him for his friendship and for the French leader to introduce himself and his team to official Washington .
Setting aside the recent anger he has shown because of his divorce , Mr. Sarkozy backslapped and hugged his way through the day .
He also proclaimed his determination to be a reliable partner of the United States .
“ I come to Washington to bear a very simple message , a message that I bear on behalf of all Frenchmen , ” he said in a toast at a formal White House dinner in his honor .
“ I want to reconquer the heart of America . ”
Dear ( NAME REMOVED ) ,
PayPal has received a summons from the United States Internal Revenue Service requiring us to produce various account records , including data related to your PayPal account .
PayPal understands the summons relates to the IRS ’ offshore compliance program in which the IRS has sought information about offshore credit card accounts from a number of companies .
Your privacy is extremely important to PayPal .
PayPal is obligated , however , to turn over the requested data .
PayPal has been ordered by the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California to provide the information to the IRS , and PayPal expects to begin providing this information to the IRS on January 10 , 2008 .
The summons and court order both issue from the United States District Court in an action entitled : In The Matters of the Tax Liabilities of John Does , Case No. CV-05-04176-JW .
If you have any concerns about the disclosure of this information , you should consult with your tax or legal advisor .
You may have rights in connection with the summons , including the right to seek to prevent the IRS from obtaining some or all of the information .
The statute of limitations that limits the time in which the IRS may assert tax liabilities against you may be suspended beginning on the date which is six months after the IRS served the summons upon PayPal and continuing until PayPal finally resolves its response to the IRS .
See 26 U.S.C. § 7609 ( e ) ( 2 ) .
PayPal cannot provide you with legal advice .
If you have questions concerning the summons and court order , we encourage you to contact the IRS , your tax advisor and / or your attorney .
If you wish to contact the Internal Revenue Service regarding this matter , they can be reached at ( 215 ) 516-4777 .
Thank You ,
The PayPal Legal Team
As a longtime KDE user forced to use Windows , is the recent announcement and availability of a port of KDE for Windows a dream come true ?
" KDE 4.0.0 was released and there again was much joy .
More importantly an actual honest to goodness Windows port is released . "
Blogger MrCopilot gives us a hands on review with 50 + screenshots of KDE in action on that other operating system and tries to answer that question .
KDE on Windows is not yet ready for the masses but hopes to be declared stable for KDE 4.1 .
Sir Arthur C Clarke was famous for his science fiction writing
The Somerset - born author achieved his greatest fame in 1968 when his short story The Sentinel was turned into the film 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
His visions of space travel and computing sparked the imagination of readers and scientists alike .
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse paid tribute , hailing the writer as a " great visionary " .
Since 1995 , the author had been largely confined to a wheelchair by post - polio syndrome .
He died at 0130 local time ( 2000 GMT ) of respiratory complications and heart failure , according to his aide , Rohan De Silva .
Far - seeing scientist
" Sir Arthur has left written instructions that his funeral be strictly secular , " his secretary , Nalaka Gunawardene , was quoted as saying by news agency AFP .
She said the author had requested " absolutely no religious rites of any kind " .
A farmer 's son , Sir Arthur was educated at Huish 's Grammar School in Taunton before joining the civil service .
He served in the Royal Air Force during World War II , and foresaw the concept of communication satellites .
Sir Arthur 's detailed descriptions of space shuttles , super - computers and rapid communications systems inspired millions of readers .
When asked why he never patented his idea for communication satellites , he said : " I did not get a patent because I never thought it will happen in my lifetime . "
In the 1940s , he maintained man would reach the moon by the year 2000 , an idea dismissed at the time .
He was the author of more than 100 fiction and non-fiction books , and his writings are credited by many observers with giving science fiction a human and practical face .
He collaborated on the screenplay for 2001 : A Space Odyssey with the film 's director Stanley Kubrick .
' Great prophet '
British astronomer Sir Patrick Moore had known Sir Arthur since they met as teenagers at the British Interplanetary Society .
Sir Patrick paid tribute to his friend , remembering him as " a very sincere person " with " a strong sense of humour " .
Tributes have also come from George Whitesides , the executive director of the National Space Society , where Sir Arthur served on the board of governors , and fellow science fiction writer Terry Pratchett .
HAVE YOUR SAY
His writing inspired many people to wonder what might be possible Pratik , California
The author married in 1953 , and was divorced in 1964 .
He had no children .
He moved to the Indian Ocean island of Sri Lanka in 1956 after embarking on a study of the Great Barrier Reef .
There , he pursued his interest in scuba diving , even setting up a diving school at Hikkaduwa , near the capital , Colombo .
" Sometimes I am asked how I would like to be remembered , " he recalled recently .
" I have had a diverse career as a writer , underwater explorer and space promoter .
Of all these , I would like to be remembered as a writer . "
A statement from Sir Arthur 's office said he had recently reviewed the final manuscript of his latest novel .
The Last Theorem , co-written with Frederik Pohl , will be published later this year , it said .
To us ( and many Muslims , in fact ) these rulings come off as batshit crazy .
And yet , amidst all that zany murderousness , they sometimes issue a fatwa that startles us with their clarity and insight .
Here are some real , actual fatwas that we 're ready to get on board with .
Every time you turn around , a Muslim cleric is issuing a religious edict ( fatwa ) about something .
Whether it 's giving fellow Muslims permission to murder blasphemers or preventing children from getting polio vaccinations because it's a Jewish conspiracy , these guys have an opinion and they 're more than willing to share it .
9 THOU SHALT NOT speak while relieving yourself .
The Fatwa Department Research Committee , chaired by Sheikh ' Abd al - Wahhab al - Turayri says that speaking while pissing is only acceptable under special circumstances ( e.g. asking for water to clean yourself ) .
He cites as support the following indirect quote from the prophet , " Two men should not go to relieve themselves , exposing their private parts , and then be talking to each other , since Allah hates that . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" ... And I have to live with him , " is the sassy follow - up that we like to imagine .
We also like to imagine how " asking for water to clean yourself " would go over in the restroom of your average American sports bar ( Hint : not so much ) .
Why we 're on board :
Say you walk into the bathroom of said sports bar .
The place is empty , so you pick out a stall at the far end , next to the wall so as to minimize any potential man- on - man adjacency .
Just as you unfurl General Kong , some douchebag that you vaguely recognize from high school walks in .
He sees you , smiles , and starts up a conversation .
Son of a bitch .
This is YOUR time to commune ( i.e. compare existential wangs ) with the big man upstairs .
The last thing you want to do is make awkward small talk with your junk exposed .
Under the current rules , you look like an uptight asshole if you ignore the guy .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Under the new rule , you can , nay must , remain stone - faced and silent .
Further , Captain Chatterbox would have to have balls of steel to even try it in the first place .
If you think there is some sort of tedious and sober procedure for vetting impulse death sentences , allow us to burst your bubble : one call to 1- 800 - FATWA is all it would take to request that a hit be put out on his ass .
A new article on CENTCOM commander Adm. William Fallon confirms that his public statements last fall ruling out war against Iran last fall were not coordinated with the White House and landed him in trouble more than once with President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
In an admiring article on Fallon in Esquire , former Pentagon official Thomas P.M. Barnett writes that Fallon angered the White House by " brazenly challenging " Bush on his aggressive threat of war against Tehran .
Barnett also cites " well - placed observers " as saying Bush may soon replace Fallon with a " more pliable " commander .
Barnett ’s account , which quotes conversations with Fallon during the CENTCOM commander ’s trips to the Middle East , shows that Fallon privately justified his statements contradicting the Bush policy of keeping the " option " of an unprovoked attack on Iran " on the table " as necessary to calm the fears of Egypt and other friendly Arab regimes of a US - Iran war .
Barnett recalls that when Fallon was in Cairo in November , the lead story in that day ’s edition of the English - language daily Egyptian Gazette carried the headline " US Rules Out Strike against Iran " over a picture of Fallon meeting with President Hosni Mubarak .
That story , published Nov. 19 and not picked up by any US news media , reported that Fallon had " ruled out a possible strike against Iran and said Washington was mulling nonmilitary options instead . "
Later that day , according to Barnett , Fallon told him during a coffee break in a military meeting , " I ’m in hot water again , " and then confirmed that his problems were directly with the White House .
That was the second time in less than a week and the third time in seven weeks that Fallon had publicly declared that there would be no war against Iran .
In an interview with Al - Jazeera television in September , which Fallon himself had requested , according to a source at Al - Jazeera , he had said , " This constant drum beat of conflict is what strikes me which is not helpful and not useful . "
And only a week before the trip to Egypt , in an interview with Financial Times , Fallon had said , a military strike was not " in the offing , " adding , " Another war is just not where we want to go . "
These statements represented an extraordinary exercise of power by a combat commander , because it contradicted a central feature of the Bush - Cheney strategy on Iran .
High - ranking Bush administration officials had been routinely repeating the administration ’s line that no option had been taken " off the table " since early 2005 .
At an Oct. 17 news conference , Bush said he had " told people that if you ’re interested in avoiding World War III , it seems like you ought to be interested in preventing them from having the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon . "
Fallon ’s public statements explicitly ruling out an attack on Iran thus undermined the Bush administration ’s threat against Iran .
The willingness of the top commander in the Middle East to take the military option " off the table " was in part a reflection of the determination of uniformed military leaders to prevent what they regarded as a disastrous course .
The new chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm . Mike Mullen , who replaced Gen. Peter Pace in June , was even more candid about his opposition to the use of force against Iran than Pace had been , according to a Congressional staffer who had participated in private meetings with both .
Pace declared publicly in late October , " We have to be mindful of the risks that would [ be spawned ] by engaging in a third conflict " in the region .
Mullen added , however , that military options " cannot be taken off the table . "
But Fallon , as the commander responsible for the entire Middle East , was concerned about more than the consequences of actually exercising the military option .
He was prompted to enunciate a " no - war " line on Iran by the panicky reactions of Arab states to what they thought were indications of the warlike intentions of Bush administration .
In the latter half of 2007 friendly Arab regimes were upset by the possibility of a US - Iran war , which they feared would destabilize the entire region .
Fallon is quoted as telling Barnett , " [ I ]t ’s all anyone wants to talk about right now .
People here hear what I ’m saying and understand .
I do n’t want to get them too spun up . "
Fallon told Barnett that his ruling out of military action against Iran was necessary to calm the very regimes the Bush administration was hoping to enlist to support its anti-Iran line .
" Washington interprets this as all aimed at them , " Fallon said in Cairo , according to Barnett .
" Instead , it ’s aimed at governments and media in this region .
I ’m not talking about the White House . "
Fallon was arguing , in effect , that it makes no sense to make the possibility of an unprovoked attack part of your declaratory policy if merely induces confusion and panic among friendly governments without influencing the target of the threat .
Barnett quotes Fallon as complaining that " they "  meaning White House officials  were asking him , " Why are you even meeting with Mubarak ? "
But Fallon strongly defended the diplomatic role he was playing in relations with Mubarak and other Middle Eastern leaders .
" This is my center of gravity , " Fallon told him .
" This is my job . "
Fallon ’s sensitivity to the political - diplomatic consequences of a declaratory policy that explicitly keeps open the threat of an aggressive war as a potential option set him apart not only from the White House but from the consensus among national security specialists in both parties .
In early 2007 , all three of the top three Democratic contenders for the presidential nomination publicly declared their support for keeping " all options on the table . "
Fallon is not the first CENTCOM commander to rein in aggressive White House policy toward the Middle East .
In late 1997 , according to Dana Priest ’s book , The Mission , the Bill Clinton White House wanted CENTCOM commander Gen .
Anthony Zinni to order his pilots to provoke a military confrontation with Iraq in the no-fly zone by deliberately drawing fire from Iraqi planes .
The request for such a provocation was conveyed to Zinni by the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Ralston .
But Zinni , who believed that it could lead to an unwanted war with Iraq , insisted that a formal request from the White House would have to be sent , and the plan was dropped .
The unhappiness of the Bush administration with Fallon ’s role as well as the unflattering picture of administration policy revealed by the article was evident Thursday from the failure of either the White House or the Pentagon to issue the usual reassuring statements in response to the article .
The White House declined to comment , although , according to the Washington Post ‘s Thomas Ricks , the article " was being discussed there . "
The Pentagon spokesman , Geoff Morrell , said Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates " has read the profile on Admiral Fallon but chooses not to comment on it or other press accounts . "
( Inter Press Service )
We continue publishing some pieces of Russian fashion back from Soviet times .
This part comes back from 1989 .
Enjoy .
Chloe Marshall Sweet Size 16 Vying for Miss England 2008 ( Photos )
Chloe Marshall has recently won the Miss Surrey 2008 beauty pageant .
She will now advance to the Miss England contest , which is open to females age 17 - 24 .
She will be eligible to enter photographic contests around the country .
The winner of Miss England will go on to the Miss World Final .
The Sun did an interview with the vivacious teen recently .
She said :
I wanted to go through to the Miss England finals to break the stereotype that you have to be tall and skinny to be considered beautiful .
I wanted to make a bit of a statement .
When I studied the other entrants for the competition I concluded that , pretty as they were , they were all uniformly blonde and Barbie doll - like .
I want to show girls out there that it is possible to be beautiful and not a standard size zero .
The 5 '10 " and 38 DD is sweet 16 ( will be 17 in time for the pageant ) and is also a size 16 .
She has signed on with Models Plus agency .
According to their spokesman , models who reflect real women are desperately needed .
The pictures we have included with this article depict a curvy , healthy young woman .
This will be in stark contrast to the super skinny young woman who will also be running for the Miss England crown .
The Sun ’s Say No To Size Zero campaign aims to stop the exploitation of vulnerable models and the unhealthy message sent out by their emaciated bodies .
Chloe Marshall could very well blow the top off of many of the current stereotypes that exist with regard to feminine body image .
Bitten and Bound says - Go Girl !
See her Miss England bikini photos here .
The brain drain problem from Israel to the US is up to 17 times more severe than from Europe to the US , a study presented at the Sderot Conference Wednesday revealed .
According to Dan Ben-David of Tel Aviv University , who conducted the study , many Israeli academics prefer to work abroad due to the increasingly higher salaries , better working conditions and difficulties in obtaining secure positions in Israeli institutions .
Brain Drain Israel ’s brain drain worsening Zvi Zinger Increasing numbers of Israeli scientists emigrate due to lack of government funding for research in country .
Angered parents campaign in effort to bring back Israel ’s great minds Israel ’s brain drain worsening
According to the study , some 25 % of Israeli academics work in the US , while only 1.5 to 4 percent of European academics have made the move to American institutions .
Nobel laureate Prof Israel Aumann said during the conference , which was held at the Sapir College in Sderot , that the higher education system must be " freed " .
" For instance , the universities must be allowed to determine their own criteria for admission and set the tuition rate as they see fit , " he said .
How Can Brands Better Reflect Consumer Values ?
Only about 1 in 10 Americans feel they are represented in the advertising they see .
While it ’s true that there are certain groups of Americans who feel vastly underrepresented in advertising , it appears advertisers are not doing an adequate job of representing US consumers as a whole .
All in all only about 1 in 10 ( 9 % ) of the almost 21,000 ...
READ MORE
Beginning on page 22 of a Popular Mechanics 2006 book entitled Debunking 9/11 Myths , containing a forward comment by Republican presidential candidate John McCain , an attempt is made to clarify the role played by potential military aircraft intercepts during the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Citing unnamed sources , part of this section reads as follows :
When contacted by Popular Mechanics , spokesmen for NORAD and the FAA clarified their remarks by noting that scrambles were routine , but intercepts were not - especially over the continental United States .
However , according to a Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) Freedom of Information
Act response dated March 3 , 2008 , the FAA concedes that records for the information alleged in part by Popular Mechanics ' unnamed FAA source , do not exist .
Higher resolution :
http://i224.photobucket.com/albums/dd121/88Badmachine88/FOIAFAANORADA.jpg?t=1205515761
Mr. Speaker , Mr. President , distinguished guests , and my very dear friends :
My fellow Americans , we have a lot of work to do .
My former colleagues , you and I have a lot of work to do .
Let 's get on with it .
Needless to say , I am deeply grateful for the wonderfully warm welcome .
I can never express my gratitude adequately .
I am not here to make an inaugural address .
The Nation needs action , not words .
Nor will this be a formal report of the state of the Union .
God willing , I will have at least three more chances to do that .
It is good to be back in the People 's House .
But this can not be a real homecoming .
Under the Constitution , I now belong to the executive branch .
The Supreme Court has even ruled that I am the executive branch -- head , heart , and hand .
With due respect to the learned Justices -- and I greatly respect the judiciary - part of my heart will always be here on Capitol Hill .
I know well the coequal role of the Congress in our constitutional process .
I love the House of Representatives .
I revere the traditions of the Senate despite my too - short internship in that great body .
As President , within the limits of basic principles , my motto toward the Congress is communication , conciliation , compromise , and cooperation .
This Congress , unless it has changed , I am confident , will be my working partner as well as my most constructive critic .
I am not asking for conformity .
I am dedicated to the two - party system , and you know which party I belong to .
I do not want a honeymoon with you .
I want a good marriage .
I want progress , and I want problem solving which requires my best efforts and also your best efforts .
I have no need to learn how Congress speaks for the people .
As President , I intend to listen .
But I also intend to listen to the people themselves -- all the people -- as I promised last Friday .
I want to be sure that we are all tuned in to the real voice of America .
My Administration starts off by seeking unity in diversity .
My office door has always been open , and that is how it is going to be at the White House .
Yes , Congressmen will be welcomed -- if you do n't overdo it .
[ Laughter ]
The first seven words of the Constitution and the most important are these : " We the People of the United States ....
" We the people ordained and established the Constitution and reserved to themselves all powers not granted to Federal and State government .
I respect and will always be conscious of that fundamental rule of freedom .
Only 8 months ago , when I last stood here , I told you I was a Ford , not a Lincoln .
Tonight I say I am still a Ford , but I am not a Model T .
I do have some old - fashioned ideas , however .
I believe in the very basic decency and fairness of America .
I believe in the integrity and patriotism of the Congress .
And while I am aware of the House rule that no one ever speaks to the galleries , I believe in the first amendment and the absolute necessity of a free press .
But I also believe that over two centuries since the First Continental Congress was convened , the direction of our Nation 's movement has been forward .
I am here to confess that in my first campaign for President -- of my senior class in South High School in Grand Rapids , Michigan -- I headed the Progressive Party ticket , and lost .
Maybe that is why I became a Republican .
[ Laughter ]
Now I ask you to join with me in getting this country revved up and moving .
My instinctive judgment is that the state of the Union is excellent .
But the state of our economy is not so good .
Everywhere I have been as Vice President , some 118,000 miles in 40 States and some 55 press conferences , the unanimous concern of Americans is inflation .
For once all the polls seem to agree .
They also suggest that the people blame Government far more than either management or labor for the high cost of everything they have to buy .
You who come from 50 States , three territories , and the District of Columbia , know this better than I do .
That is why you have created , since I left , your new Budget Reform Committee .
I welcome it , and I will work with its members to bring the Federal budget into balance in fiscal year 1976 .
The fact is that for the past 25 years that I had the honor of serving in this body , the Federal budget has been balanced in only six .
Mr. Speaker , I am a little late getting around to it , but confession is good for the soul .
I have sometimes voted to spend more taxpayer 's money for worthy Federal projects in Grand Rapids , Michigan , while I vigorously opposed wasteful spending boondoggles in Oklahoma .
[ Laughter ]
Be that as it may , Mr. Speaker , you and I have always stood together against unwarranted cuts in national defense .
This is no time to change that nonpartisan policy .
Just as escalating Federal spending has been a prime cause of higher prices over many years , it may take some time to stop inflation .
But we must begin right now .
For a start , before your Labor Day recess , Congress should reactivate the Cost of Living Council through passage of a clean bill , without reimposing controls , that will let us monitor wages and prices to expose abuses .
Whether we like it or not , the American wage earner and the American housewife are a lot better economists than most economists care to admit .
They know that a government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have .
If we want to restore confidence in ourselves as working politicians , the first thing we all have to do is to learn to say no .
The first specific request by the Ford Administration is not to Congress but to the voters in the upcoming November elections .
It is this , very simple : Support your candidates , Congressmen and Senators , Democrats or Republicans , conservatives or liberals , who consistently vote for tough decisions to cut the cost of government , restrain Federal spending , and bring inflation under control .
I applaud the initiatives Congress has already taken .
The only fault I find with the Joint Economic Committee 's study on inflation , authorized last week , is that we need its expert findings in 6 weeks instead of 6 months .
A month ago , the distinguished majority leader of the United States Senate asked the White House to convene an economic conference of Members of Congress , the President 's economic consultants , and some of the best economic brains from labor , industry , and agriculture .
Later , this was perfected by resolution [ S. Res. 363 ] to assemble a domestic summit meeting to devise a bipartisan action for stability and growth in the American economy .
Neither I nor my staff have much time right now for letter writing .
So , I will respond .
I accept the suggestion , and I will personally preside .
Furthermore , I propose .
that this summit meeting be held at an early date , in full view of the American public .
They are as anxious as we are to get the right answers .
My first priority is to work with you to bring inflation under control .
Inflation is domestic enemy number one .
To restore economic confidence , the Government in Washington must provide some leadership .
It does no good to blame the public for spending too much when the Government is spending too much .
I began to put my Administration 's own economic house in order starting last Friday .
I instructed my Cabinet officers and Counsellors and my White House Staff to make fiscal restraint their first order of business , and to save every taxpayer 's dollar the safety and genuine welfare of our great Nation will permit .
Some economic activities will be affected more by monetary and fiscal restraint than other activities .
Good government clearly requires that we tend to the economic problems facing our country in a spirit of equity to all of our citizens in all segments of our society .
Tonight , obviously , is no time to threaten you with vetoes .
But I do have the last recourse , and I am a veteran of many a veto fight right here in this great chamber .
Ca n't we do a better job by reasonable compromise ?
I hope we can .
Minutes after I took the Presidential oath , the joint leadership of Congress told me at the White House they would go more than halfway to meet me .
This was confirmed in your unanimous concurrent resolution of cooperation , for which I am deeply grateful .
If , for my part , I go more than halfway to meet the Congress , maybe we can find a much larger area of national agreement .
I bring no legislative shopping list here this evening .
I will deal with specifics in future messages and talks with you , but here are a few examples of how seriously I feel about what we must do together .
Last week , the Congress passed the elementary and secondary education bill , and I found it on my desk .
Any reservations I might have about some of its provisions -- and I do have -- fade in comparison to the urgent needs of America for quality education .
I will sign it in a few days .
I must be frank .
In implementing its provisions , I will oppose excessive funding during this inflationary crisis .
As Vice President , I studied various proposals for better health care financing .
I saw them coming closer together and urged my friends in the Congress and in the Administration to sit down and sweat out a sound compromise .
The comprehensive health insurance plan goes a long ways toward providing early relief to people who are sick .
Why do n't we write -- and I ask this with the greatest spirit of cooperation - why do n't we write a good health bill on the statute books in 1974 , before this Congress adjourns ?
The economy of our country is critically dependent on how we interact with the economies of other countries .
It is little comfort that our inflation is only a part of a worldwide problem or that American families need less of their paychecks for groceries than most of our foreign friends .
As one of the building blocks of peace , we have taken the lead in working toward a more open and a more equitable world economic system .
A new round of international trade negotiations started last September among 105 nations in Tokyo .
The others are waiting for the United States Congress to grant the necessary authority to the executive branch to proceed .
With modifications , the trade reform bill passed by the House last year would do a good job .
I understand good progress has been made in the Senate Committee on Finance .
But I am optimistic , as always , that the Senate will pass an acceptable bill quickly as a key part of our joint prosperity campaign .
I am determined to expedite other international economic plans .
We will be working together with other nations to find better ways to prevent shortages of food and fuel .
We must not let last winter 's energy crisis happen again .
I will push Project Independence for our own good and the good of others .
In that , too , I will need your help .
Successful foreign policy is an extension of the hopes of the whole American people for a world of peace and orderly reform and orderly freedom .
So , I would say a few words to our distinguished guests from the governments of other nations where , as at home , it is my determination to deal openly with allies and adversaries .
Over the past 5 ½ years in Congress and as Vice President , I have fully supported the outstanding foreign policy of President Nixon .
This policy I intend to continue .
Throughout my public service , starting with wartime naval duty under the command of President Franklin D. Roosevelt , I have upheld all our Presidents when they spoke for my country to the world .
I believe the Constitution commands this .
I know that in this crucial area of international policy I can count on your firm support .
Now , let there be no doubt or any misunderstanding anywhere , and I emphasize anywhere :
There are no opportunities to exploit , should anyone so desire .
There will be no change of course , no relaxation of vigilance , no abandonment of the helm of our ship of state as the watch changes .
We stand by our commitments and we will live up to our responsibilities in our formal alliances , in our friendships , and in our improving relations with potential adversaries .
On this , Americans are united and strong .
Under my term of leadership , I hope we will become more united .
I am certain America will remain strong .
A strong defense is the surest way to peace .
Strength makes detente attainable .
Weakness invites war , as my generation -- my generation -- knows from four very bitter experiences .
Just as America 's will for peace is second to none , so will America 's strength be second to none .
We cannot rely on the forbearance of others to protect this Nation .
The power and diversity of the Armed Forces , active Guard and Reserve , the resolve of our fellow citizens , the flexibility in our command to navigate international waters that remain troubled are all essential to our security .
I shall continue to insist on civilian control of our superb military establishment .
The Constitution plainly requires the President to be Commander in Chief , and I will be .
Our job will not be easy .
In promising continuity , I can not promise simplicity .
The problems and challenges of the world remain complex and difficult .
But
we have set out on a path of reason , of fairness , and we will continue on it .
As guideposts on that path , I offer the following :
-- To our allies of a generation in the Atlantic community and Japan , I pledge continuity in the loyal collaboration on our many mutual endeavors .
-- To our friends and allies in this hemisphere , I pledge continuity in the deepening dialog to define renewed relationships of equality and justice .
-- To our allies and friends in Asia , I pledge a continuity in our support for their security , independence , and economic development .
In Indochina , we are determined to see the observance of the Paris agreement on Vietnam and the cease - fire and negotiated settlement in Laos .
We hope to see an early compromise settlement in Cambodia .
-- To the Soviet Union , I pledge continuity in our commitment to the course of the past 3 years .
To our two peoples , and to all mankind , we owe a continued effort to live and , where possible , to work together in peace , for in a thermonuclear age there can be no alternative to a positive and peaceful relationship between our nations .
-- To the People 's Republic of China , whose legendary hospitality I enjoyed , I pledge continuity in our commitment to the principles of the Shanghai communique .
The new relationship built on those principles has demonstrated that it serves serious and objective mutual interests and has become an enduring feature of the world scene .
-- To the nations in the Middle East , I pledge continuity in our vigorous efforts to advance the progress which has brought hopes of peace to that region after 25 years as a hotbed of war .
We shall carry out our promise to promote continuing negotiations among all parties for a complete , just , and lasting settlement .
-- To all nations , I pledge continuity in seeking a common global goal : a stable international structure of trade and finance which reflects the interdependence of all peoples .
-- To the entire international community -- to the United Nations , to the world 's nonaligned nations , and to all others -- I pledge continuity in our dedication to the humane goals which throughout our history have been so much of America 's contribution to mankind .
So long as the peoples of the world have confidence in our purposes and faith in our word , the age - old vision of peace on Earth will grow brighter .
I pledge myself unreservedly to that goal .
I say to you in words that cannot be improved upon : " Let us never negotiate out of fear , but let us never fear to negotiate . "
As Vice President , at the request of the President , I addressed myself to the individual rights of Americans in the area of privacy .
There will be no illegal tappings ( tapings ) , eavesdropping , buggings , or break - ins by my Administration .
There will be hot pursuit of tough laws to prevent illegal invasion of privacy in both government and private activities .
On the higher plane of public morality , there is no need for me to preach tonight .
We have thousands of far better preachers and millions of sacred scriptures to guide us on the path of personal right - living and exemplary official conduct .
If we can make effective and earlier use of moral and ethical wisdom of the centuries in today 's complex society , we will prevent more crime and more corruption than all the policemen and prosecutors governments can ever deter .
If I might say so , this is a job that must begin at home , not in Washington .
I once told you that I am not a saint , and I hope never to see the day that I cannot admit having made a mistake .
So I will close with another confession .
Frequently , along the tortuous road of recent months from this chamber to the President 's House , I protested that I was my own man .
Now I realize that I was wrong .
I am your man , for it was your carefully weighed confirmation that changed my occupation .
The truth is I am the people 's man , for you acted in their name , and I accepted and began my new and solemn trust with a promise to serve all the people and do the best that I can for America .
When I say all the people , I mean exactly that .
To the limits of my strength and ability , I will be the President of black , brown , red , and white Americans , of old and young , of women 's liberationists and male chauvinists --[ laughter ] -- and all the rest of us in - between , of the poor and the rich , of native sons and new refugees , of those who work at lathes or at desks or in mines or in the fields , of Christians , Jews , Moslems , Buddhists , and atheists , if there really are any atheists after what we have all been through .
Fellow Americans , one final word : I want to be a good President .
I need your help .
We all need God 's sure guidance .
With it , nothing can stop the United States of America .
Thank you very much .
Beneath the roof , museumgoers will find a natural - history museum , a planetarium , a rainforest with free - flying birds , a coral reef inhabited by 4,000 fish , and an aquarium filled with saltwater pumped in from the Pacific Ocean .
The most influential display , though , may well be the marriage of the museum 's physical design with its educational mission .
" It 's not about dusty stuffed animals , " says executive director Greg Farrington .
" It 's about human survival and living in harmony on planet Earth . "
Before Hurricane Katrina , it was rare to find a house in New Orleans that had not been built using traditional " stick " construction .
Now , in areas like Lakeview , a New Orleans suburb adjacent to Lake Pontchartrain , modular housing is popping up all over the place .
In a city historically filled with bargeboard shotguns , Creole cottages , and Greek Revival mansions , why build a house composed of pre-fabricated boxes ?
In the post - Katrina era , while so many New Orleans residents remain displaced , building modular is a quicker route to getting back home .
One of the biggest roadblocks when it comes to rebuilding in New Orleans has been a lack of qualified labor .
With so many homes needed and so few skilled laborers available to do the work required for traditional building , on - site construction can take well upwards of a year to complete .
Over the course of that year , the home is exposed to a significant amount of weather , and a family remains displaced , living out of a trailer or rental property .
Modular construction saves time .
Since an approved foundation can be laid on site while the rest of the home is being finished in the factory , the total building time is reduced .
Lakeview homeowner Ray Broussard wanted out of temporary housing .
The initial estimate for the completion of his modular house was three months .
Though , given delays , with subcontractors , utilities hookups , and permitting , it took a total of eight months from the time he ordered his house from the factory until he could move in , Ray did n't mind the lag .
His take on the situation : " Our house did n't come as quickly as we thought , but it was finished .
Not everyone around here can say that . "
By Mark Steffen
Whisky PC
Something little that one can do with the empty glass bottles .
Author : Janos Marton Published : 03.02.2006
In English
Suomeksi Intro
I already had a powerful computer setup so I wanted something more quiet , small and low power consumptioning to function as a basic home server .
I love to tinker with hardware etc . so I wanted to make something quite unique for a case .
I have seen many nice and creative cases before but none of them were made out of a bottle .
In November I bought an industrial 3.5 " SBC board ( with Socket370 ) .
For the project I selected a 1.5 litre Ballantine 's bottle for case .
That was the proper size and shape for the task at hand .
Ballantine 's Prepping the bottle
Cut I tried to cut and drill couple of similar bottles at home but I realized that my tools are not good enough for it , then finaly a professional glass grinder man prepared the whisky bottle for me .
He made two holes : one at the back of the bottle for CPU cooling and one at left side for put in the stuffing .
Pages : 1 2 3 4
Content in english !
Sisältö suomeksi!
.: Notice !
En ota mitään vastuuta tuhoutuneesta tai hajonneesta laitteistosta tai sen osasta .
Disclaimer !
I will not take any responsibility for any destroyed or damaged hardware .
.: Back to top Bandwidth by
Axelrod : Clinton campaign has " insidious pattern " on race , other attacks
The Obama campaign made its clearest suggestion yet that the Clinton campaign is deliberately crossing the line on Obama 's race and other attacks in a conference call today with reporters .
Obama 's chief strategist , David Axelrod , grouped former Rep. Geraldine Ferraro 's suggestion that Obama owes some part of his success to the fact that he 's black with other gaffes by Clinton backers Robert Johnson and Bill Shaheen , and with Clinton 's " own inexplicable unwillingness " to flatly deny that Obama is a Muslim in a " 60 Minutes " interview .
" All this is part of an insidious pattern that needs to be addressed , " he said .
Axelrod asked " whether she 's trying to send a signal to her supporters that anything goes . "
Axelrod called on Clinton to drop Ferraro from her finance committee .
" When you wink and nod at offensive statements you 're really sending a signal to your supporters that anything goes , " he said .
He also responded to a question about Clinton spokesman Howard Wolfson , who he described as a friend .
" He has assumed a kind of junkyard dog role in this campaign , " he said .
His Excellency , President Kevin Baugh
Greetings !
I would like to wish you a very warm welcome and assure you that I am delighted that you have chosen to visit our official Molossian Website .
This site is an important connection to the world , a link transcending the barriers of distance and helping me to fulfill my commitment to the Molossian people to use the office of President to reach out to others .
I hope that it will be particularly helpful in educating the world about our nation .
This virtual space is a place where individuals and groups from many different cultures backgrounds and traditions will be able to learn about Molossia ; our culture , our history , our government and our people .
One of the smallest nations on Earth , Molossia has a rich heritage and ever - expanding role on the international scene .
A bright future lies ahead of us , and by visiting our website you are part of that destiny .
I hope that this site will serve as an invaluable information resource on Molossia , in its unique place in the international world of today .
Enjoy your visit !
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama agree on most policy issues , but that makes their rare differences all the more revealing .
To wit , their running scrap over Mrs. Clinton 's " individual mandate " for health care , which Mr. Obama has now had the nerve to expose for its inevitable government coercion .
Mrs. Clinton 's proposal requires everyone to buy health insurance , along with more insurance regulation , a government insurance option for everyone and tax hikes .
Mr. Obama likes all that but his mandate would only apply to children .
He argues that the reason many people are n't insured is because it 's too expensive , not because they do n't want it .
Mrs. Clinton counters that coverage can't be " universal " without a mandate .
But then Mr. Obama had the impudence to defend his views .
His campaign distributed a mailer in key primary states that claimed the Clinton plan " forces everyone to buy insurance , even if you can't afford it . "
It also featured an image of an anxious couple at a kitchen table .
The Clinton apparat went apoplectic , claiming the flyer evokes the famous " Harry and Louise " commercials .
A common article of liberal faith is that this " smear campaign " doomed Hillary Care in 1994 -- as opposed to , say , its huge cost and complexities .
But never mind .
Yet if Mrs. Clinton 's plan is better because it has a mandate , how does it work in the real world , where some people still wo n't be able to afford insurance , or would decline to acquire it ?
At a recent debate , the Illinois Senator drove the point home , asking Mrs. Clinton , " You can mandate it but there will still be people who can't afford it .
And if they can't afford it , what are you going to fine them ?
Are you going to garnish their wages ? "
And in an interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos on Sunday , Mrs. Clinton conceded that " we will have an enforcement mechanism " that might include " you know , going after people 's wages . "
Well , well .
In other words , Hillary Care II is n't all about " choice , " but would require financial penalties for people to pay attention , including garnishing wages .
To put it more accurately , the individual mandate is really a government mandate that requires brute force plus huge subsidies to get anywhere near its goal of universal coverage .
The Ray and Maria Stata Center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology is an outlandish cartoon village in listing brick and scrolling aluminum , with a Möbius - strip main corridor inside .
An italic - angled entrance , shaped like the cutting edge itself , ushers visitors off the drab Cambridge street .
But then you see it , tha t universal symbol of malfunction : an orange mechanical lift .
Yes , MIT , the very apogee of tech sophistication , seems to have bought itself a bright - yellow lemon .
The showstopper home for its computer - science , linguistics , and philosophy departments cost $ 300 million to build ( $ 200 million more than initial estimates ) and opened in 2004 ( four years behind schedule ) .
And now the school has turned to the courts to express its buyer ’s remorse .
A lawsuit filed in October against both the construction firm and the architect alleges “ design and construction failures , ” negligence , and breach of contract , which have cost the university $ 1.5 million in repairs already , with millions more likely to come .
The suit grabbed headlines because the architect ’s name is Frank Gehry , fueling a backlash against celebrity architects and their flashy designs .
The go - to guy for this take is John Silber , the former president of Boston University , who has just published a book called Architecture of the Absurd : How “ Genius ” Disfigured a Practical Art. The Stata Center is on the cover .
This kerfuffle may have little to do with outward appearances , though .
True , some of Gehry ’s other buildings have been tweaked after opening their doors , as when the steel - sided Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles had to be sanded to remove a glare that could practically cook eggs on the sidewalk .
And occupants have questioned elements of the Stata Center ’s design .
( “ I still would prefer straight to slanted walls , so as to put up bookshelves and a blackboard , ” says linguist Noam Chomsky , who has an office there . )
But what about the “ construction ” piece of the lawsuit ?
What if the Stata Center ’s woes are really about the growing gulf between computer - aided design and literal bricks and mortar ?
To find out , I decided to visit MIT with the Sherlock Holmes of construction .
“ This was incredibly dumb . ” I am standing at a Stata Center side entrance with Joseph Lstiburek as he points out a brick wall that meets a glass wall with a superficial connection , allowing moisture to seep across the porous brick from outside to inside .
Lstiburek ( pronounced STEE - bu-rek ) , an engineer with a PhD , is a frequent expert witness in construction lawsuits and an international authority on leaks who gets paid tens of thousands of dollars to cut holes in the sides of buildings and inform the owners how theirs were built wrong .
As an independent , unpaid , informal observer , he has had his eye on the Stata Center for several years : “ It was obvious it was n’t going to work from watching it go up . ”
Lstiburek speculates that the Stata Center ’s leaks are caused by “ fishmouthing ” of the waterproof membranes , discontinuities between the roof and walls , and poor design of the window - to - wall connections .
But he claims something else is wrong –something even more basic .
During a 45 - minute , PowerPoint - aided lecture , he shows me MIT ’s own photos of the center being built .
“ You see the yellow stuff , gypsum board .
And you ’ll see the membrane going over this and then the brick .
The insulation that is put on the inside should have been put on the outside .
They just have them in the wrong order . ”
In the winter , when a building like this is heated , explains Lstiburek , who wrote the U.S. Department of Energy ’s handbook on moisture control , water vapor “ sweats ” through the wall into the insulation and is trapped there by the waterproof membrane , just like your T - shirt gets sopping under a pleather jacket .
This erodes the wall , causes mold , and even makes the insulation smell like dirty socks .
Governmnent Drug Running
This is a 15 - minute excerpt from the documentary " American Drug War . "
It includes an admission ( by the former head of the DEA - Robert Bonner ) that our CIA smuggled cocaine into the United States to help finance its operations .
If YouTube takes the video down , the " raw file " is available here .
Having a good idea does n’t make you an entrepreneur .
Neither does a business degree .
Entrepreneurs come from a wide range of backgrounds , challenges and influences .
Unfortunately , many businesses are started and then dissolved , not because they did n’t have a workable idea , but because the entrepreneur lacked certain skills .
Often times many hardships must be experienced before this reality can be seen .
Growing up with an entrepreneur as a father we have had countless hours of conversation on the success and failure of small businesses .
Many times we would see individuals who were spectacular at their craft , but brutal as a business owner .
It was common to see big dreams disappear by their lack of understanding of the intricate details of entrepreneurship .
Just because you can bake the best bread outside of France , does n’t make you ready to start your own business .
As well as being the best graphic designer does n’t qualify you as a sure bet to successful freelancing .
Here is a basic blueprint of the layers of involved in a successful startup .
This can beneficial to anyone thinking about starting his or her own business .
1. A Business Plan
2. Funding
3. Market Research
( Who are you customers ? )
4. Advertising
5. Marketing
6. Sales
7. Customer Service
8. Accounting
9. Basic Business Laws
While many of these business basics can be outsourced , it ’s vital as entrepreneur to have an understanding of each component .
Especially , as you map out your business plan .
Many entrepreneurs fail , because they under estimate and do n’t understand how each level fits within their plan of attack .
Entrepreneurs not only have knowledge of business basics , but also inward fortitude to overcome the challenges that will arise .
Here are eight common traits that a small business owner and entrepreneurs possess .
1. Vision
2. Passion
3. Purpose
4. Adaptability
5. Leadership Skills
6. Networking Savvy
7. Determination
8. Positive attitude
As you can see turning your idea into a business involves multiple layers , but if executed with precision it can generate financial success and personal achievement .
If you are an entrepreneur that has seen your idea mature into a successful business , what would you add to this list ?
What skills did you discover that was needed ?
What inward strength and skill set did you lean upon ?
This guy looks bit concerned , is n’t he ?
Well , he is .
Scroll down to see why .
He was driving this Nissan SUV just a few minutes ago .
Now that car is a part of history , though it can be a cool ad for Nissan cars – all three passengers in it were n’t injured at all , they left the car by themselves through the rear door , without any traumas .
One detail : all of them were drunk and were heading to the local Russian village farm to greet ladies with 8th of March day .
Bit early again .
OOXML : 何が問題なの か
標準化に関心を持ってきた人が OOXML について語 る
私は長年、標準化に積極的に携わってきました ( その中には、ISO C 標準化委員会でのボランティアとしての約 10 年の作業も含まれています ) 。標準化に関心を持つ人達の大部分は、Microsoft® から提案されている XML ベースの文書フォーマットである OOXML ( Office Open XML ) の標準化プロセスに対して、おそらく何らかの意見を持っているはずです。私は通常、記事を書く際に自分自身のことから書き始めることはないのですが、最近、IBM® が OOXML の標準化を妨げようとしている、という噂があることから、最初に
1 つのことを明確にしておきたいと思います。それは、私は IBM の従業員ではなく、この記事で書くことは私自身の意見であり、私がこうした意見を持つに至ったのはこの問題に関する
IBM の立場とは関係がないということです。
OOXML 標準には、いくつかの理由から大きな問題があります。実際、OOXML に関するプロセスの政治的な内容について誰を批判するにせよ、この標準化プロセスには政治的な策略が満ちています
( 「 参考文献」を参照 ) 。しかしそうした政治的な動き以上に、標準として
XML が適切な選択肢なのかといった疑問から標準化の目的は何かという疑問に至るまで、広範囲にわたる深刻な技術的疑問が存在します。そうしたニュース報道や議論は、私にとっては標準がなぜ重要なのかを声を大にして語るための良い機会です。
標準の目的は何 か
標準は、相互運用を実現するためにあります。私のワード・プロセッサーと皆さんのワード・プロセッサーがどちらも同じファイルを開けるなら、私は皆さんと容易に文書を共有することができます。もしそうでなかったら、私達は問題を抱えることになります。これが何を意味するかと言えば、もし標準がなければ、共通文書フォーマットがないことによる問題を回避するために、信じられないほどの時間と努力を費やさなければならないということです。ワード・プロセッサーのベンダー達は信じられないほどの時間と努力を費やし、お互いの文書フォーマットをリバース・エンジニアリングしなければなりません。そうすることによってようやく、それぞれのワード・プロセッサーでファイルをインポート、エクスポートして単純に文書を開きさえすれば、保存されたときとほぼ同じ状態でその文書が表示されるようになります。
標準によってほとんどすべての人が利益を受けることは、ごく自明のことです。ただし文書フォーマットに関して、ほぼ確実な 1 つの例外が、その業界で支配的な地位にある会社の場合です。実際のところ、そうした会社にとっては標準がない方が有利です。なぜなら彼ら独自のフォーマットをデファクト・スタンダードとして強制できるかもしれないからです。彼らは競争力の面で二重に有利になります。つまりその会社のフォーマットをサポートするために、その会社以外のすべての人たちは余分な時間と費用を費やす必要がありますが、そうして行われたサポートもその支配的な地位にある会社によるサポートほど適切にはなり得ないからです。
標準というものの定義から、優れた交換標準はすべてのベンダーによるすべての動作を規定するわけではない、ということを理解することが重要です。すべてのベンダーは標準のすべての機能をサポートする必要があり、それはつまり標準に追加されるすべての機能は複数のベンダーによって再現されなければならないということを意味します。標準フォーマットの文書の中に組み入れることのできない拡張機能や追加機能については、単にそれらの機能をサポートしてもよいとしておくだけの方が適切なのです。私はユーザーとして、仕様が非常に詳細で複雑なため完全に同じ動作を提供できる会社が 2 社とはない状態よりも、標準文書は確実にどこでも同じように機能するものと想定できた方がよいと思っています。
オフィス文書フォーマットの標準化に対する要求は非常に強いものがあります。さまざまな会社からさまざまな政府に至るまで、多くの組織が、文書の保存に関するオープン・スタンダードのサポートをソフトウェアに要求するルールを策定しています。誰も
1 社のベンダーに独占される状況は望んでおらず、その状況から脱却する道を提供してくれるのが標準なのです。それでは、そうしたことを念頭において、Microsoft が提案する OOXML 標準に関する技術的な疑問を調べてみましょう。
OOXML 標準
ECMA から入手できる OOXML 標準は PDF 文書のセットとして配布されており、全体で約 6000 ページあります。これは大規模な仕様であり、広範かつ詳細にまでわたっています。この仕様がこれほど大規模な理由は単純です。OOXML は実質的に 、Microsoft Office アプリケーションがファイルに保存する可能性のある、あらゆる種類のデータ・チャンクの完全な複製なのです。
OOXML に関しては、いくつかの技術的なクレームが上がっています。そうしたクレームはどれも、煎じ詰めれば同じ基本的な内容に行き着きます。つまり
OOXML は妥当な共通交換フォーマットを規定するのではなく、バグの適合性に至るまで
Microsoft Office の機能セット全体を規定しているのです。このため Microsoft Office 以外の実装者にとっては 、OOXML 標準を満たすのは実情にそぐわない ( そして満たすことは実際には不可能な ) 大きな負担となる一方で 、Microsoft が既に出荷しているものには都合良く完全に一致しています。これは大きな懸念事項です。
この意見を 、Microsoft が先行していることに対する単なる不満だと誤解しないでください。もし
Microsoft の提案が 、Microsoft が既に実装した、また誰もが適切に実装できる、小規模で適切に設計された標準であったなら、おそらくあまり大騒ぎにならずに受け入れられたでしょう。致命的な問題は大きく
3 つのカテゴリーに分けられます。つまり不合理なほど実装が困難な機能、不適切な仕様しか提供されていない機能、そして完全に
Microsoft Office 固有の機能、という 3 つです。これらのカテゴリーは一部重複する部分もありますが、それぞれが標準として受け入れられるのを妨げている異なる種類の障壁となっています。
不合理な要 求
従来、標準では、実装者が解決することが要求される問題は適切に定義され、また範囲が規定されています。例えば、段落の配置方法を十何種類か実装するように要求されるかもしれませんが、どの配置方法も明確に規定され、また適用範囲は合理的に制限されています。一方、OOXML が課す要求はまったく制限がないものです。一例を挙げると、ページのヘッダーを記述する際、提案されている仕様では「フォント名とフォント・タイプは共に、ローカライズされた値にすることが可能である」とされています。この一見単純な文
( この文を指摘したの は Stéphane Rodriguez です 。 「 参考文献」を参照 )
によって、膨大な数のバグが発生してしまうのです。
ロケールには何を使えるのでしょう。この仕様を実装した他の任意のベンダーが使用している可能性のある、すべてのロケールの完全なリストはあるのでしょうか。また、フォント名やフォント・タイプをローカライズするために選択できる、すべての方法の完全なリストがあるのでしょうか。もし、ある熱狂的な実装者が、皆さんが実装した時点では聞いたこともなかった言語でフォント名とフォント・タイプを選択したらどうするのでしょう。
おそらくこれは、ユーザーに対して表示されたローカライズ値、あるいはユーザーが選択したローカライズ値を保存するという、過去に行ってきた判断を反映しているのです。残念ながら、さらに大量に仕様を提供しない限り
( 少なくとも、許可されるロケールの完全なリストと、どのロケールが使用されているかを示すための何らかの方法を規定しない限り)、これを実装することは不可能です。この仕様は、特定の実装で行ってきた奇妙な動作を反映したものであり、複数の実装の間で共有される標準フォーマットとしては適切な選択肢ではありません。
不適切な仕 様
一部の Microsoft Office 文書は VML と呼ばれるベクトル･マークアップ言語による図を使用するため、OOXML はこれらの図の保存方法を規定しています。これはつまり、OOXML を実装する場合には必ずこれらの図を読み取れるようにしなければならないことを意味します。しかし、あいにく
VML による図を読み取るための実際の仕様は提供されていません。特定の項目の内部にストリングとして VML 形状が見つけられるのみです 。
許容される値は、正確にはどんな値なのでしょう。その質問には、「この属性が取り得る値は
XML Schema のストリング・データ型によって定義されます。」という十分明確な答えがあります。つまり、それはストリングだということです。ストリングは任意のテキストを含むことができ、そのテキストが意味する内容は
VML ライブラリーのコードによってしか答えることができません。要するに、たまたまそこらへんに転がっている
VML ライブラリーを入手できるのでない限り、これは実装できないのです。
これも、歴史的な経緯による奇妙な動作です。交換のために設計される標準では、描画のための ( そしておそらく唯一の ) フォーマットを完全に規定し、そしてもし実装者が別の描画ライブラリーを持っている場合には、その実装者は図を標準フォーマットにエクスポートすることが求められます。OOXML はそうした方法をとらず、単に初期の設計の要約を提供し
( しかもその設計は他の人が入手できない仕組みになっています)、他の全員がそれを採用することを想定しているのです。
固有の機 能
この最後のカテゴリーは、標準化に関する多くのエキスパートが最も憤りを感じる部分です。これは実装が難しいからではなく
( 不可能以上に困難な実装というものはありません)、元々仕様の中にあってはならないものだからです。このカテゴリーに含まれる機能は、何らかの面で完全に
Microsoft Office に依存しています。
おそらく最も有名な例は 、OOXML
の中に提供されているオプション設定の 1 つでしょう。この設定は「useWord97LineBreakRules」と呼ばれ、東アジア文書用の
Word '97 で使われていた改行ルールの使い方を規定しています。これまでに挙げた例とほとんど同じように、これらの改行ルールの仕様は何も提供されていないため、当然ながら他の誰もこの仕様を実装することはできません。実際、OOXML 標準には、これを実装しないように実装者に警告する記述まで含まれています。
OOXML 標準の useWord97 LineBreakRules に関する指針 「 指針 : この動作を忠実に再現するためには、アプリケーションは、(その)
アプリケーションの動作を模倣する必要がありますが、(その)
アプリケーションに考えられる動作は多岐にわたり、従ってその動作をこの
Office Open XML Standard の中に忠実に記述することは不可能です。アプリケーションにこれと同じ動作をさせたい場合には、(その)
アプリケーション群の出力を利用し、また複製する必要がありますが、この動作は出力に問題があるため非推奨とされており、また
( その ) アプリケーションを使って作成された既存の文書との互換性を保つという目的でのみ維持されるものであるため、アプリケーションがこの動作を意図的に複製しないようにすることをお薦めします。指針終わり」
これは素晴らしい指針です。この機能の仕様はないこと、またこの機能は非推奨であるため、どう考えてもこの機能を実装しない方が得策なのです。しかし待ってください。もし実装すべきでないなら、なぜそうした規定が仕様の中にあるのでしょう。既存の文書との互換性を保つ必要があるからと言って、データの交換を目的とする標準に機能を追加してよいことにはなりません。ユーザーは彼らのテキストが別のプログラムで開けるかどうかに関心を持つのであり、すべての改行が正確に同じ位置にあるかどうかに関心を持つわけではありません。
この機能が OOXML 仕様の中にある理由は 、OOXML が文書交換のフォーマットではないためです。OOXML は、Microsoft の歴史的なバイナリー・フォーマットを注意深く、1 ビットも例外なく不等号括弧の中に複製したものなのです。
これは XML が不適切な選択肢という意味なの か
一部の IT 専門家達は 、OOXML に関するいくつかのクレームを読んだ後、標準化のための選択肢として
XML が不適切であるという考えを持つようになりました。私はそうした判断は好意的に見ても早計であり、実際にはその判断は単純に誤りだと思います。OOXML の問題は XML によって起きているわけではありません。問題は、既存のプログラムの後方互換性の残骸や奇妙な動作をすべて忠実に複製するということから起きているのであり、複数のアプリケーションの間で共有され、交換されることを意図した汎用的な文書の構造と内容を規定することによって起きているのではないからです。
汎用的な文書の構造と内容の規定は、XML
を使えば非常に適切に行うことができます。OOXML にとって明らかな競合相手は、やはり XML の標準である ODF ( Open Document Format ) です 。ODF は、決して取るに足らない標準でも、規模の小さな標準でもありません。ODF のバージョ ン 1.1 は 738 ページの文書であり、しかも ODF を作成しているグループは、バージョン
1.1 が完全であるとも最終的なものとも考えていません。例えば、スプレッドシートに使われる
Formula 言語は定義されていません ( ただし提案されているバージョ ン 1.2 標準に含まれるように作業が行われています)。いずれにせよ、ODF
の仕様を見てわかることは、ODF
仕様がモノリシック構造のレガシー・アプリケーションの動作を記述しようとするのではなく、文書の内容を記述しようとしていることです。
XML の目的は、どのように文書の内容を記述したいのかを明確に表せるようにすることです。ODF
の記述はまだ完全ではありませんが、少なくとも、やがて完全なものになることは十分に予測することができます。
まとめ
XML は新しいファイル・フォーマットを定義するための強力で表現力に富んだツールですが、プロジェクトのスコープの選択が不適切という問題を解決してくれるわけではありません。もし、大規模で文書化されていない独自の描画ライブラリーが使われていることをフラグで指定するファイル・フォーマットを作ることにした場合、文書化されていないバイナリー・ストリングの 1 ビットを使ってフラグを指定するのか、あるいは不等号括弧で一杯の 3 ページを使ってフラグを指定するのかはまったく重要ではありません。というのも、この仕様は独自仕様であるため、この仕様以外の方法で
( 単に XML の中にラッピングすることなどによって ) 描画する方法なないのです。
XML は広範な種類のファイル・フォーマットに対して一貫性のある標準化された構文解析機能を提供できる能力を備えていますが、OOXML の欠点に対する非難の一部を XML が受けていることは残念なことです 。OOXML は 6000 ページにもなり、特定のワード・プロセッサーが現在行うことのみならず、そのワード・プロセッサーがかつて行っていたことの多くも記述しており、その一部は規定されていると言うよりも遠回しに言及されているにすぎません。OOXML を実装しようという試みについて効果的に説明することは可能ではありますが、そうすることは基礎となっている
XML 標準の堅牢さを高く評価していると見なされることになります。
OOXML を作成する作業は、現実的な問題を解決するための確かな取り組みです。その問題というのは、( 10 年間にわたって蓄積された動作をコードにした )
まったく内容のわからないバイナリー・ファイルを、部分的に読み取り可能な
( 最後のビットに至るまでそのバイナリー・ファイルと同じ動作をするコードにした)
XML ファイルで置き換えるにはどうするか、という問題です。しかしこの問題は残念ながら、オフィス文書の交換フォーマットとして、使用に適した、実装可能なフォーマットを提供することに関する問題ではありません。
もしMicrosoft が OOXML を文書標準に対する提案として真剣に受け取って欲しいと望むなら、選択肢は 1 つしかありません。
OOXML の仕様に 、Microsoft Office のすべてのバージョンのありとあらゆる機能を含めようとしたり、一部の文書で使っている可能性のあるすべてのフラグや奇妙な動作などを含めようとしたりするのではなく、もっと小規模で最低限の、交換可能なフォーマットを作成することに焦点を絞り、そのフォーマットの中ですべてが実装可能な形で記述されたコア機能を提供することです。単にスプレッドシートのデータや式をコピーしたいだけの人達に対して、例えば
Excel® の計算チェーンなど、実装による奇妙な動作を公開してはいけません。VML ライブラリーや DrawingML ライブラリー、あるいはそれらに類するものの詳細は公開してはならず、それらに言及すらしてはいけません。それよりもむしろ、まったく新しい、オープンで完全に規定された、データを記述するための方法を提供する必要があります。
かつて私が XML に関し て「 Standards and specs : XML : Half a standard is better than none 」 という記事を執筆した際、私はそれほど深く考えずに 「 < bytes > ff ff 00 03 [. . .]</ bytes >」を含む XML フォーマットの例を挙げました。その時には冗談のつもりだったのですが、どうやら冗談にはならなかったようです。
ダウンロード可能なリソース
関連トピッ ク
RAWALPINDI , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Pakistani Taliban commander Baitullah Mehsud paid out more than $ 7,000 , including money to purchase suicide jackets , for the assassination of Benazir Bhutto , the chief Pakistani investigator said Sunday .
Benazir Bhutto was killed shortly after this photo was taken on December 27 .
Four suspects in custody said Mehsud also planned the December 27 attack , Chaudhry Abdul Majeed told reporters .
Mehsud , who has ties to al Qaeda , remains at large .
Majeed said two of the four men in custody last week confessed before a Pakistani judge that they had participated in the plot .
Many others who helped plan the attack " have yet to be arrested , " Majeed said .
A day after Bhutto's death , Pakistan 's government announced that Mehsud was behind the attack .
The CIA later reached the same conclusion .
But two recent nationwide polls in Pakistan found a majority of Pakistanis believe President Pervez Musharraf 's government had a role in her killing .
Do n't Miss 2 admit arming Bhutto suicide bomber
2 admit arming Bhutto suicide bomber British police : Bomb blast killed Bhutto
British police : Bomb blast killed Bhutto Polls : Musharraf , al Qaeda losing support
Majeed said Sunday that he announced the details about Mehsud 's connection to the attack because Pakistan could formally charge him at a later date .
Two of the suspects told a judge on Wednesday that they provided the suicide bomber with a house , transportation , a pistol and the suicide jacket he allegedly used in the attack that killed the opposition leader and nearly two dozen others , Interior Ministry spokesman Javed Iqbal Cheema said .
Both were at the Rawalpindi park when Bhutto was assassinated , according to Majeed .
He said the bomber was motivated to carry out the attack because his friend was killed after Pakistani security forces stormed the Red Mosque in Islamabad last year to rout Islamic extremists holed up inside .
The two suspects told police they picked up the bomber a day before the attack at a bus depot in Rawalpindi , and the bomber stayed overnight with one of the suspects , according to Majeed .
They took the bomber to the Rawalpindi park hours before the attack to do reconnaissance , the chief investigator said .
Then they went to the other suspect 's house , where the bomber was fitted with the suicide vest , he said .
Majeed said the bomber was also the gunman who fired at Bhutto before detonating his explosives .
Cheema said the bomber apparently was unable to get through security to attend the political rally , so he carried out the attack as Bhutto left the Rawalpindi park .
Pakistani and British investigators concluded that Bhutto died when the force of the suicide blast slammed her head onto an escape hatch on her SUV .
Bhutto's family has dismissed the government 's assertion that she was not shot by an assassin 's bullet , but the family has refused to allow an autopsy on the slain opposition leader .
At a news conference last week , Cheema said Pakistani investigators " have made very good progress " in determining who planned the assassination .
" We are going to break the whole chain and we are confident we 're going to reach the perpetrators , " Cheema said .
" We will exactly tell you who are the people behind this unfortunate incident . "
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .
All About Benazir Bhutto • Pakistan • The Taliban • Baitullah Mehsud
Federal Communications Commission Chair Kevin Martin has two weeks to deliver
a truckload of written records to Congress related to over a dozen hot - button FCC
issues and policies .
They 're
being demanded by House Energy and Commerce Committee Chair John Dingell ( D - MI ) , who
sent Martin the request letter today , cosigned by Rep. Joe Barton of Texas , the
ranking Republican on the Committee .
The missive warns Martin that Dingell 's Committee is " investigating allegations from current and former FCC employees and other sources , which we have reason to believe are credible . "
The charges concern " management practices that may adversely affect the Commission 's ability to both discharge effectively its statutory duties and to guard against waste , fraud , and abuse . "
It 's no secret that Martin and his subordinates are suspected of putting pressure on career FCC staff to emphasize data or produce studies that come to conclusions that the Chair likes .
The biggest blowup concerns a 2003 study on television that suggested that locally owned TV stations produce more local news than nonlocally owned broadcasters — distasteful data for supporters of relaxing the agency 's media ownership rules .
When the FCC did not publish this document , Senator Barbara Boxer in 2006 accused the agency of " deep - sixing " the report .
Eventually the Commission exonerated itself with an internal audit that a whistle blower in the case called " skewed in its judgments . "
Now Dingell wants all e-mails , handwritten notes , phone conversation records , meeting schedules , and whatever else exists in paper or electronic form since January 2005 involving the audit 's case file , plus all records related to :
The FCC 's decision to drop the conclusions of a 2004 study that concluded
that " a la carte " video programming — in which consumers can pick and choose
which channels to buy — will hurt cable networks attempting " innovative
or untested formats . "
The agency Commissioned the work from Booz Allen , but
revised its position the next year with a " Further Report " that criticized
the Booz Allen study , questioning its assumptions and mathematical calculations .
Martin is an outspoken advocate of a la carte programming , at one point publishing
an op - ed piece with Senator John McCain on behalf of the concept .
that " a la carte " video programming — in which consumers can pick and choose which channels to buy — will hurt cable networks attempting " innovative or untested formats . "
The agency Commissioned the work from Booz Allen , but revised its position the next year with a " Further Report " that criticized the Booz Allen study , questioning its assumptions and mathematical calculations .
Martin is an outspoken advocate of a la carte programming , at one point publishing an op - ed piece with Senator John McCain on behalf of the concept .
The Commission 's conclusion in November of 2007 that the cable industry had
reached the so - called " 70/70 " threshold .
The Communications
Act stipulates
that when cable
systems with 36 or more activated channels can be viewed by 70 percent of US
households and when 70 percent of those households subscribe
to them , the FCC can impose " additional rules necessary to promote
diversity of information sources . "
Up until last year the agency had consistently
concluded that while big cable had surpassed the first prong of the test , it
had not reached the second .
Dingell 's letter specifically wants intel explaining
why the FCC based its 2007 decision , which it eventually rescinded , entirely
on Warren Communications company data and none other , including the information
that
the cable industry
submits
to the agency every year .
reached the so - called " 70/70 " threshold .
The Communications
Act stipulates that when cable systems with 36 or more activated channels can be viewed by 70 percent of US households and when 70 percent of those households subscribe to them , the FCC can impose " additional rules necessary to promote diversity of information sources . "
Up until last year the agency had consistently concluded that while big cable had surpassed the first prong of the test , it had not reached the second .
Dingell 's letter specifically wants intel explaining why the FCC based its 2007 decision , which it eventually rescinded , entirely on Warren Communications company data and none other , including the information that the cable industry submits to the agency every year .
The FCC 's ten recently commissioned media ownership studies ,
and documents related to the agency 's decision not to change any of the
Commission 's media ownership rules save the newspaper / TV cross - ownership ban .
And that 's only for starters .
Dingell and Barton want Martin to hand over any
directives involving " limitations or restrictions imposed on FCC employees ' ability
to communicate with each other concerning official agency business " ; records
that illuminate the Commission 's policies on " communications between FCC personnel
and outside entities " ; documents that explain how the agency decided who would
go to the recent World Radiocommunication Conference in Switzerland ; a list of
all new FCC employee hires and reassignments from March 2005 to the present ;
and the individual meeting schedules of all Commissioners and all Bureau Chiefs
and the FCC's Inspector General since January 2005 .
This request has got to be turning the FCC completely upside down .
Significantly , it appears to reflect a bipartisan discontent with Martin 's performance .
Democrats and some Republicans are upset over his recent move to relax one of the agency ' key media ownership rules , as well as the rushed manner in which he handled the matter late last year .
Other Republicans dislike what they see as Martin 's persecution of the cable industry , especially Comcast .
The letter may even reflect some Republican dismay that Martin did not go further in relaxing the Commission 's broadcast ownership guidelines .
The question of Martin 's perspective on cable will be explored in an upcoming Ars Technica feature — that is , if the FCC 's chief survives this Congressional inquiry .
Fractals and the Fractal Dimension
Mandelbrot and Nature
" Clouds are not spheres , mountains are not cones , coastlines are not circles , and bark is not smooth , nor does lightning travel in a straight line . " ( Mandelbrot , 1983 ) .
The Concept of Dimension
So far we have used " dimension " in two senses :
The three dimensions of Euclidean space ( D=1,2,3 )
The number of variables in a dynamic system
Fractals , which are irregular geometric objects , require a third meaning :
The Hausdorff Dimension
If we take an object residing in Euclidean dimension D and reduce its linear size by 1/r in each spatial direction , its measure ( length , area , or volume ) would increase to N=rD times the original .
This is pictured in the next figure .
We consider N=rD , take the log of both sides , and get log ( N ) = D log(r ) .
If we solve for D. D = log( N ) / log(r )
The point : examined this way , D need not be an integer , as it is in Euclidean geometry .
It could be a fraction , as it is in fractal geometry .
This generalized treatment of dimension is named after the German mathematician , Felix Hausdorff .
It has proved useful for describing natural objects and for evaluating trajectories of dynamic systems .
The length of a coastline
Mandelbrot began his treatise on fractal geometry by considering the question : " How long is the coast of Britain ? "
The coastline is irregular , so a measure with a straight ruler , as in the next figure , provides an estimate .
The estimated length , L , equals the length of the ruler , s , multiplied by the N , the number of such rulers needed to cover the measured object .
In the next figure we measure a part of the coastline twice , the ruler on the right is half that used on the left .
Measuring the length of a coastline using rulers of varying lengths .
But the estimate on the right is longer .
If the the scale on the left is one , we have six units , but halving the unit gives us 15 rulers ( L=7.5 ) , not 12 ( L=6 ) .
If we halved the scale again , we would get a similar result , a longer estimate of L .
In general , as the ruler gets diminishingly small , the length gets infinitely large .
The concept of length , begins to make little sense .
The " Richardson Effect "
Lewis Fry Richardson first noted the regularity between the length of national boundaries and scale size .
As shown next , the relation between length estimate and length of scale is linear on a log - log plot .
The Richardson Effect .
Mandelbrot assigned the term ( 1 - D ) to the slope , so the functions are :
log [ L(s ) ] = ( 1 - D ) log(s ) + b where D is the Fractal Dimension .
For Great Britain , 1 - D = -.24 , approximately .
D = 1-(-.24 ) = 1.24 , a fractional value .
The coastline of South Africa is very smooth , virtually an arc of a circle .
The slope estimated above is very near zero .
D = 1 - 0 = 1 .
This makes sense because the coastline is very nearly a regular Euclidean object , a line , which has dimensionality of one .
In general , the " rougher ' the line , the steeper the slope , the larger the fractal dimension .
Examples of geometric objects with non-integer dimensions
Koch Curve
We begin with a straight line of length 1 , called the initiator .
We then remove the middle third of the line , and replace it with two lines that each have the same length ( 1/3 ) as the remaining lines on each side .
This new form is called the generator , because it specifies a rule that is used to generate a new form .
The Initiator and Generator for constructing the Koch Curve .
The rule says to take each line and replace it with four lines , each one - third the length of the original .
Level 2 in the construction of the Koch Curve .
Level 3 in the construction of the Koch Curve .
We do this iteratively ... without end .
The Koch Curve .
What is the length of the Koch curve ?
The length of the curve increases with each iteration .
It has infinite length .
But if we treat the Koch curve as we did the coastline , ...
The relation between log ( L(s ) ) and log(s ) for the Koch curve ...
we find its fractal dimension to be 1.26 .
The same result obtained from D = log ( N ) / log( r ) D = log( 4 ) / log( 3 ) = 1.26 .
Cantor Dust
Iteratively removing the middle third of an initiating straight line , as in the Koch curve , ...
Initiator and Generator for constructing Cantor Dust . ...
this time without replacing the gap ...
Levels 2 , 3 , and 4 in the construction of Cantor Dust .
Calculating the dimension ... D = log ( N ) / log( r ) D = log( 2) / log(3 ) = .63
We have an object with dimensionality less than one , between a point ( dimensionality of zero and a line ( dimensionality 1 ) .
Sierpinski Triangle
We start with an equilateral triangle , connect the mid-points of the three sides and remove the resulting inner triangle .
Constructing the Sierpinski Triangle .
Iterating the first step .
Constructing the Sierpinski Triangle .
The Sierpinski Triangle .
Calculating the dimension ... D = log ( N ) / log ( r ) = log( 3 ) / log ( 2 ) = 1.585 .
This time we get a value between 1 and 2 .
The dimensionality of a strange attractor
The trajectory of a strange attractor cannot intersect with itself .
( Why ? )
Nearby trajectories diverge exponentially .
( Why ? )
But the attractor is bounded to the phase space .
The trajectory does not fill the phase space .
A strange attractor is a fractal , and its fractal dimension is less than the dimensions of its phase space .
Self - similarity
An important ( defining ) property of a fractal is self - similarity , which refers to an infinite nesting of structure on all scales .
Strict self - similarity refers to a characteristic of a form exhibited when a substructure resembles a superstructure in the same form .
Mandelbrot Set
Found by iterating
z n+1 = z n 2 + c .
where z is a complex number .
z 0 =0 .
For different values of c , the trajectories either : stay near the origin , or " escape " .
The Mandelbrot set is the set of points that are not in the Escape Set .
The Mandelbrot set .
The points in the set are painted black .
The Escape Set differs in rate of escape , graphically depicted with different colors or altitudes ...
Constructed using the computer program " The Beauty of Fractal Lab " , by Thomas Eberhardt .
So , what is a fractal ?
An irregular geometric object with an infinite nesting of structure at all scales .
Why do we care about fractals ?
Natural objects are fractals .
Chaotic trajectories ( strange attractors ) are fractals .
Assessing the fractal properties of an observed time series is informative .
Next Section : Nonlinear Statistical Tools
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
An excellent guide for students considering STEM courses , graduates pondering job choices , and career changers at any stage in life .
A useful tool for school and career counselors , recruiters , and HR pros eager to diversify their workplaces .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
If Microsoft did n't figure prominently in the Linux blogs over the course of any given week , it would be as if the crew of the Enterprise temporarily forgot to pay attention to the Klingons -- it just does n't happen .
What was unusual this week , however , was that much of the discussion in the blogosphere was triggered by an overture of sorts by the Redmond giant to the open source community .
For those who missed it , Microsoft announced Thursday that it would make Windows and other products work better with non-Microsoft software , including opening up reams of code it had previously guarded with its life .
Some have even referred to Microsoft 's interoperability move as a proposed truce in its " war " with the whole notion of open source .
Reactions to the move , however , have been mixed at best .
Poisoned Candy ?
" Looks to me like someone finally saw the writing on the wall , " wrote Scott Ruecker on the LXer blog .
" Welcome to the new Microsoft . "
Of course , Ruecker ended his post , " I 'll believe it when I see it . "
" This one might actually be significant , though with microshaft , one must always search for the poison in the candy , " echoed tuxchick .
Therein lay the theme of much of the discussion of Microsoft 's move throughout the blogosphere .
" You ca n't just overlook decades of market abuse just because Microsoft promises a few things , " wrote pak9rabid on Slashdot .
" Only an idiot would take their word on issues like this w / out a huge grain of salt given their past documented history . "
Lucy to Charlie Brown
Only time will tell whether Microsoft 's move turns out to be a genuine effort to open up ; in the meantime , discussion abounds .
" Each time Microsoft makes overtures to the world about their newfound commitment to open standards and interoperability , I 'm reminded of Peanuts '
Lucy 's promise to hold a football in place so Charlie Brown can kick it , " Slashdot blogger yagu told LinuxInsider .
" Charlie Brown always gets sucked into believing that this one time she will do what she promises , and she never does !
" So it has seemed historically with Microsoft , " yagu added .
" I 've seen little evidence to convince me they want to cooperate with openness and interoperability .
Actions speak louder than words . "
Same Old , Same Old
For those who care about the larger notion of freedom that underlies the free software movement , Microsoft 's announcement does nothing to change where it fits into the software ecosystem , Monochrome Mentality blogger Kevin Dean told LinuxInsider .
" Microsoft still considers restricting users to be crucial to its business plan , so to me they are still irrelevant , " Dean explained .
" If Microsoft wished to truly support interoperability , they would release their software as Free Software and ensure users had the right to suit it to their needs .
" I , as part of a minority , would be delighted to see Microsoft do just that , and would support their genuine efforts to do so , " Dean added .
" Until then , like Apple , Adobe and all other non-free software vendors , they 're failing to capture me as a customer . "
The Trouble With Being Free
Freedom was another hot topic on the Linux blogs over the last week or so , prompted by a post from blogger Vlad Dolezal on An Amazing Mind in which he argues that the fact that Linux is free ( financially speaking ) is hindering its success in the mainstream marketplace .
" Imagine you were promoting an expensive brand of champagne , " Dolezal wrote .
" If you were running around forcing free samples into people 's hands , they would be very wary .
But if you set up a stand where you would offer small samples for $ 10 each ( " Special promotional price !
Normally costs three times as much ! " ) , people would see your champagne as posh and valuable . "
The same goes for Linux , he argues : " There 's one problem with Linux getting to new users .
It 's free . "
Cost = Value ?
Can it really be that simple ?
Should a higher price be set for Linux in order to gain more widespread acceptance in the market ?
LinuxInsider could n't resist asking around .
" If you do n't have any background to know whether something is intrinsically valuable , common sense tells you the more expensive something is , the more valuable it is , " yagu said .
" A computer operating system is one of the most complex commodities in the computing industry and most people have no way to know the value of a Linux vs. XP or Vista .
But since Vista can cost over ( US ) $ 500 and Linux is free , Vista must be more valuable .
Translation : Linux is less valuable . "
There just may be something to that notion , agreed Greg Sterling , founder of Sterling Market Intelligence .
" It 's an interesting argument , and I think the perception is probably relatively accurate that people see something as somehow less valuable because it is free , " Sterling told LinuxInsider .
" It 's a perception that holds true in a number of contexts , so it may here too . "
Raise the Price ?
What needs to happen , yagu asserted , is for Linux to be more expensive .
" People need to feel like they 're getting something valuable , and they get that by paying money for things , " he explained .
" I 'd like to see Linux on the same shelves as the new Vista boxes , and with comparable prices . "
Linux machines are available today from respected vendors , but they 're not showcased at the same level with Windows , yagu added -- and they need to be .
" At some tipping point , people will discover Linux is incredibly reliable , low - maintenance , flexible , powerful , and free , " he concluded .
" But they can't and should n't know about the free thing until after they 've put out some good money for it .
It 's a paradox , but it 's what I believe has to happen . "
With that food for thought , dear readers , we 'll leave you to ponder the question : Should Linux cost more ?
As our professor has continually emphasized throughout the quarter , one of the primary aims of our course has been to go beyond technical details of current computer security in order to learn the security mindset .
This new way of thinking enables us to analyze security issues in the future regardless of particular directions that technology may take .
It also enables us to examine the security of less technical entities like physical locks , parking meters , etc .
As I was considering some of these less technical systems , I began to realize the pervasive implications of applying the security mindset to broader aspects of life and so began my examination of the human heart .
Recently , Governor Eliot Spitzer of New York was revealed to have been involved with a prostitution ring despite his façade of crusading against white collar crime .
As a result , his reputation was tarnished , his career ended and his family has been deeply hurt .
Although this is just another note in the continual drumbeat of tragedies we hear about in the news , the frequency of these incidents , clearly demonstrate that each of us is vulnerable to fall in similar ways .
How can we defend our lives ( and hearts ) against being deceived into compromising our integrity and falling into these common pitfalls ?
A second observation motivating this study comes from the fact that insiders are often the adversaries who cause the most damage and harm because they are trusted and by nature must have access to the assets we desire to protect .
Human beings are often the weakest component of any security system .
This review of the human heart will hopefully provide insight into ways to protect the integrity of trusted insiders as well as our own hearts in relation to the people who trust us .
Finally , defending the human heart has significant ramifications in every aspect of physical / computer security .
Much of the violence that takes place on campuses ( e.g. shootings , assault , etc. ) have at their root a compromised heart ( e.g. someone who has been continually hurt and lashes out in despair to cause pain to others after he / she has received so much ) .
Many of the adversaries in computer security scenarios are motivated by financial gain , prestige , and other related incentives , which are deceptive and violate the worth and personhood of the people they attack .
If people ’s hearts were able to be defended , many of the human adversaries that we encounter in typical security reviews might in fact become allies ; the ideas in this post are tools that can provide another layer of defense in depth .
Summary
Because this is almost a security review on life , it is very difficult to precisely define the system to analyze , but let us begin with some definitions of the word “ heart ” ( paraphrased from the Oxford English Dictionary & Dictionary.com ) :
Considered the center of vital functions : the seat of life , your total personality including intuition , feeling and emotion
The seat of feeling , understanding , and thought , encompassing feeling , volition , and intellect
The seat of one ’s inmost thoughts and secret feelings , depths of the soul .
Intent , will , purpose , inclination , desire , motivation , spirit , courage , enthusiasm
From these definitions , we see that the human heart touches on every aspect of life .
It experiences the full range of emotions from the fiercest courage in the face of massive opposition , to the weakness of falling in love , to the darkness of despair and despondency ( or even the deadness of total boredom ) .
We often speak of warm affection and kindness as coming from the heart along with its converse of hatred and cold violence ( though we might refer to this as heartless ) .
The word “ heartfelt ” , often indicates genuineness ; the true thoughts and feelings of a person , apart from the obligations of social convention or hypocritical masquerading .
Something from the heart is a true expression of the person rather than a merely outward appearance for show ; it is the core of who they really are .
Unfortunately , due to its extensive and intricate nature , our hearts have a wide attack surface .
It is affected by physical health ( e.g. we ’re typically kinder when well - rested vs after pulling all - nighters throughout finals week ) , life circumstances ( e.g. doing well on a final vs getting a bad grade ) , the state of our relationships ( e.g. being on good terms with your family ) , our history and past experiences ( e.g. being betrayed prevents us from trusting people ) , interactions with people ( e.g. receiving a smile vs being put down ) , daily habits ( e.g. beginning the day with prayer vs rushing headlong into the hustle & bustle ) , our worldview , and an unknown source of seeming randomness that often hits us at the worst times ; and this is not even close to an exhaustive list !
Our hearts can be quite fickle ; we may be passionate about something one day and wallowing in disinterested melancholy or self - pity the next .
( For example , I might be extremely excited about some business idea one day and then despondent the next after discovering that some other people already thought of the same thing ) .
Past failures and hurts haunt us with insecurities , while our “ compensating ” vanities end up hurting others .
One moment , we might feel secure and optimistic about the future when a moment later , the uncertainties of life come crashing down causing deep anxieties to rise in our hearts .
Who would of thought that DEC , Enron , or Bear Stearns could fall ?
We need to put our hope in the right place .
Furthermore , we can consider the moral struggle of life and the battle for integrity .
The heart is the center of our motivations , desires , ethics , etc. and directs us to choose one thing over another .
Sometimes our hearts are deceived and allured into pursuing temporary pleasures which destroy us in the long run .
How do you protect your life ?
How do you protect your integrity ?
Though it will be very difficult to address all of these issues in a succinct blog post , I hope this introduction presents a compelling case for deeply considering the defense of the heart .
Since it encompasses every aspect of life , I will only consider a few key assets in this security review and their related threats , vulnerabilities , and controls .
Author ’s Note : I have attempted to make the contents of this review as widely applicable as possible , but I approach the subject through the lens of a Christian worldview .
Assets & Security Goals
Ultimately , the asset we want to defend is the heart ( life ) in its full sense , but for specificity , let us consider the following :
Passion & Motivation are important assets which sustain us through difficulties and hardship to see a worthwhile pursuit through to the finish .
Without it , we despair and may lose even the will to live .
We need to believe that what we are doing is worthwhile ( and hopefully it truly is ) .
Personal security is a critical asset , which also sustains us through life and sets us free to live fully ( and perhaps pursue the worthwhile endeavors mentioned above ) .
Insecurities and crippling fears often hinder healthy relationships , prevent us from living fully and even cause us to hurt others .
I should not compromise my character and morality ; I should be who I claim to be , internally consistent with my code of ethics .
This is in essence the security goal of protecting the integrity of the heart ; going against conscience is dangerous and results in both internal turmoil and external damage .
Related to this is the issue of confidentiality : if the integrity of my heart is protected , I should not have any “ dirty little secrets ” that need privatizing , but can be transparent without shame .
Freedom : I should be free so that I can do what I want to do and what I want to do is what I ought to do .
Sometimes , though we hold to a code of ethics , we find ourselves compromising it even though we deeply want to do what is right , so this security goal is an extension of integrity in that it goes beyond simply the outward actions , which may not compromise character , to point to the inward disposition : the outward actions and inward dispositions of our hearts should be right .
Courage and love must be available and not depleted , the resources of the heart need to be readily available so that when difficulties come our way or we are hurt in relationship , or we fail , we are able to forgive and overcome and grow .
There are numerous other assets that are interwoven and valuable such as love , joy , peace , faith , gratitude , identity , etc .
Adversaries & Threats
Rivals & Competitors who want to harm you in some way , causing you to stumble in your course of action and get you out of the “ race ” .
They will try to attack your passion / motivation and cause you to despair , perhaps paralyzing you with fear , or they will try to distract you to pursue other things or they might cause you to compromise your integrity and so drop out in shame .
Friends or family who have been hurt and desire to hurt you in retaliation or who cannot help but hurt you due to the pain they bear .
They may even hurt you in an attempt to re-affirm their own self - worth and power / control .
This can happen directly through shunning or indirectly through means such as gossip .
An adversary who desires to obtain funds by causing you to compromise your integrity and then proceeding to blackmail you .
Entities that attempt to take over lives while drawing great gain by enslaving people in addictions .
I do not write this as a specific indictment , but I think we can agree that people addicted to drugs , games , pornography , alcohol , etc have their hearts under attack by an adversary that is trying to gain from their enslavement .
The threat of life tragedies , we all inevitably encounter some very difficult seasons of life , which threaten to take out our hearts .
We need to be prepared to face such times .
A very grave threat : Satan / Devil ( Meaning : Accuser , Slanderer , Adversary ) whose very aim is to steal joy , kill life , and destroy people .
Weaknesses & Vulnerabilities
One personally remarkable observation is that the attack techniques in computer security also appear in the relational realm .
For example , gossip is a relational man in the middle attack .
An adversary can “ impersonate ” a friend and claim that the friend violated you in some way in order to damage the relationship and cause you pain .
By compromising the communications between you and your friend , both parties might be hurt and the adversary accomplishes his goal .
A second example of this computer - relational analogy are trojans , which often exploit a vulnerability to perpetrate an attack and leave a backdoor for further exploitation .
Many times , an attack against the heart leaves wounds ( e.g. bitterness , anxiety , shame , brokenness , pain ) , which are further vulnerabilities that can be exploited for even more attacks .
In fact , most of these weaknesses result in an unaddressed emotional pain , which leaves people vulnerable to attacks against their hearts .
Here are some examples :
Physical Exhaustion : when we are tired , we are particularly vulnerable to deception and may be easily irritated / hurt .
Physical depletion often times corresponds to a depletion of love / courage , so that an enemy might attack physical strength , or take advantage of physical weakness to perpetrate worse attacks against the heart .
Keeping Bad Company : when we are in unhealthy relationships or face peer pressure to compromise our integrity , we are very vulnerable to do so because of the nature of social pressure and our desire for acceptance .
Keeping such company ( and the related situations it places us in ) only increases the probability that our integrity will fail .
Broken Relationships : when we do not have healthy relationships , the pain of alienation ( being disconnected from people ) often may drive us to hurt others and / or attempt to drown out the pain with temporary pleasures ( that often compromise our integrity ) .
Broken relationships leave us vulnerable to deception and attacks against our personal security and integrity and passion : since relationships undergird life , when we are without them , nothing seems worth pursuing , our own worth is called into question and we will do anything to satiate our desire for affection and acceptance .
Broken relationships may also result in bitterness , which attacks the availability of courage and love , saps our joy and results in further pain .
Misplaced Hope : when we place our hope in something that is likely to fail , we only set ourselves up for disappointment .
For example , those who claimed the Titanic could not sink misplaced their hope in the strength of the ship , or an investor who banks on a large company , which ends up going bankrupt has misplaced his hope , or an individual who hopes in a relationship to bring ultimate fulfillment , only to discover after the period of infatuation that their significant other is not perfect ( or perhaps is even rejected ) , has improperly placed their hope in this person to satisfy them .
In every example , disappointment will follow , and the pain of unmet expectations and its related losses leaves one vulnerable to further attacks against personal security or motivation .
For example , a person who hopes in their abilities and successes , but experiences failure , is vulnerable to attack against their personal security / self - worth because their worth was defined by their ability to perform .
Any adversary can then easily devalue the person and the person will believe that they are worthless and lose heart .
Defenses & Controls
To control the vulnerability of physical exhaustion , we can work hard to maintain good health : exercising , eating well , and being well - rested .
We need to be disciplined in order to reduce our level of physical exhaustion and promote general physical ( and emotional ) well - being .
To control the vulnerabilities of bad company and broken relationships , we essentially need to avoid unhealthy relationships and pursue good ones .
Avoid the company of those who will pressure you to compromise your integrity in order to be accepted .
Seek trustworthy and reliable friends and open up your heart to them .
Be quick to forgive and eager to make peace with your friends ( & family ) doing everything possible to make amends .
Ultimately , broken relationships need to be prevented and when they occur , they need to be healed .
This could be a totally separate security review in and of itself !
Note that healthy relationships and communication are not only preventive measures against attacks , but are also a response to detected attacks : pouring out your heart to a friend helps combat adversaries .
To control the vulnerabilities of misplaced hope , we need to carefully examine our lives and what we are putting our hope in .
Is it something dependable ?
Is it the right thing to bank on ?
What are we hoping in it for ?
Where else might I place my hope for this and how trustworthy are these other options ?
After examining the options , we need to rightly place our hope and so defend against disappointment and all the related attack vectors it opens .
For these latter two controls , my Christian worldview brings several things to bear .
First , forgiveness is one of the most difficult things to do in life and in many ways I believe it to be naturally impossible .
If we have been direly hurt and devalued by others , it is only natural for us to do likewise to others for if we did not , it would be as if we agreed with the devaluation and deserved the hurt or pain we received from others .
This being the case , is it ever possible to bring about reconciliation ?
How can we genuinely love people if we are hurt again and again ?
I believe it is possible if we have first tasted the joys of being forgiven .
This is precisely the message of the Christian Gospel :
There exists a broken relationship between humans and God , which has left us vulnerable to attack and resulted in our hearts being hardened by sin ( constant devaluations and improper overvaluations of temporary , unsatisfying things in which we misplace hope ) ( ergo : the heart assets have been compromised ) .
Our hardened hearts further result in broken relationships with other people .
Even though every person has devalued God , ignoring or rejecting him and preferring other things ( e.g. money , prestige ) to him , he does not devalue them in return .
Rather , in the person of Jesus Christ , God vindicates his worth by dying on a cross and bearing the penalty we deserved for violating him .
Furthermore , he rises from death ( how timely , it ’s almost Easter ! ) and promises real , full , satisfying , eternal life for everyone who hopes in him ( as opposed to money , for example , to bring happiness ) .
Because he has vindicated his worth , God now graciously accepts and forgives everyone who comes to him for mercy and brings them into the immeasurable joys of a relationship with him .
Hardened hearts are replaced with new ones that are freed to forgive and love other people .
The reason why this is possible is closely related to the second defense measure of a correctly placed hope : if our self - worth is defined by what other people think about us or our achievements , then when we are devalued or when our achievements are surpassed , our worth is nullified and our hope in our accomplishments or the opinions of other people has failed us .
On the other hand , if our hope is in a God who we cannot and need not impress with achievements , but who has already demonstrated such great a love and valuation of us that he would die to rescue us , this is a hope that never fails and even when we experience rejection and hurt from other people , we are able to absorb the pain and forgive and fight for the freedom of the other person ’s heart .
A second pertinent example of misplaced hope is hoping in money for security and comfort in life .
The US economy after years of incredible growth now faces a great crisis and many people are feeling the pain in the pocket .
Is it not better to hope in an all - powerful , faithful God who is on your side to take care of you than a fickle dollar whose value can plummet on a moment ’s notice ?
The latter will likely result in disappointment and its corresponding vulnerabilities will arise as well as the actualization of threats against the heart .
We can work hard to obtain financial security , but ultimately our hope for peace and happiness must rest on something more solid .
I realize not everyone shares this worldview , but if you do not , I humbly urge you to consider its validity and effectiveness in protecting our hearts against the numerous attacks we encounter in life .
Risk Analysis & Conclusion
The assets of the heart are of utmost importance and value since the heart touches on the very core of life , the essence of our souls .
We observe in the real world that a person can handle the loss of material things such as wealth , reputation , and power , so long as they keep heart , but the loss of motivation and joy and love even in the presence of material advantage , has utterly negative ramifications .
This is an extremely high value asset with an enormous risk impact .
The risk probability of anyone of the various vulnerabilities being exploited is also quite high .
Individually we are all in different seasons and stages of life , so at any particular time , we may be vulnerable to an attack along only a few of the vectors , but as common experience reveals , attacks often unexpectedly appear and at any particular time , it has been my observation that I am under some sort of attack against the assets of my heart .
Indeed , sometimes multiple simultaneous attacks occur ( e.g .
I may do badly on a test and also be hurt by someone at the same time resulting in despondency / depression mingled with regret and anger ) .
Thus , the overall risk probability for any one of the vulnerabilities being exploited is extremely high .
Our final risk exposure is therefore astronomically high and defenses against this crucial asset must be considered of paramount importance .
The loss of one ’s heart means the loss of everything else in life , and the need to fight to defend our hearts cannot be overstated .
Acknowledgments :
Thanks to my youth group and family who helped sharpen my thoughts .
SDG .
http://www.desiringgod.org/
Renewable energy generates clean power , and the fuel is often free :
There ’s no cost to make the wind blow or the sun shine .
But just as many people advocate for considering the full cost of fossil fuels in the price of electricity ( the cost of the pollution , mining , etc ) , so too must the full cost and impact of renewable energy be accounted for .
A new life - cycle assessment study from the Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York examined the four most common types of photovoltaic ( PV ) solar power cells — multicrystalline silicon , monocrystalline silicon , ribbon silicon and thin - film , if you were wondering — to find out how much energy and waste was involved in their creation .
“ Emissions from Photovoltaic Life Cycles ” found that even when accounting for the metals required to build PV cells , the efficiency of the cells , and the waste produced , PV cells still emit less global warming pollution throughout their life cycle than the fossil fuels needed to produce the same amount of power .
Actually , most of the pollution from the solar power comes from the indirect emissions of the fossil fuels used to generate the electricity of the PV manufacturing facilities .
>>
Want cheap solar ?
Join the most effective community solar purchasing program in the US .
The most energy - intensive type of PV cell to make — the monocrystalline silicate cells — only emits 1.8 ounces of global warming pollution per kilowatt hour , compared to 2.2 pounds by a coal - fired power plant .
All told , the construction and use of PV power would cut air pollution about 90 percent if it replaced fossil fuels .
The best - case scenario , of course , would be for solar manufacturing facilities to be powered by solar .
Researchers concluded that 30 percent of the energy used to make PV cells could come from solar power installed on the roofs and parking lot of facilities .
While some people point out that the study only partly takes into consideration the transportation of PV components ( most of which are made in China ) , the researchers want to broaden their work further to include end - of - life and recycling data of the PV cells .
They believe this expansion could further improve overall emissions calculations .
Nanowerk
Scientific American
Treehugger
Microsoft has announced that support for the F# functional programming language will be fully integrated into Visual Studio .
This marks a bold new commitment to facilitating functional programming on the .NET platform and could potentially help legitimize functional programming in enterprise environments .
Microsoft 's promotion of F# to a fully - supported language in Visual Studio is also indicative of the extreme versatility of the .NET platform and Microsoft 's Common Language Runtime .
F# began its life as a Microsoft Research project to demonstrate the efficacy of .NET as a platform for mixing multiple distinct programming paradigms .
F# is heavily inspired by the OCaml programming language , and a subset of F# and OCaml are largely compatible .
F# offers developers many valuable and compelling features without sacrificing much runtime efficiency .
F# supports type inference , pattern matching , high - order functions , and currying .
F# also supports interactive execution , which means that F# programs can be run like scripts or inputted in an interactive top - level environment similar to the Python shell or Ruby 's IRB .
F# also has full access to the .NET APIs and components written in other .NET languages .
The advantages of functional programming
Unlike imperative or procedural programming languages , in which computation is typically performed by altering program state , functional programming languages operate on the principles of mathematical evaluation and reduction .
Such programming languages are deeply rooted in formal mathematical logic and computational theory .
Functional programming languages are largely based on the system of lambda calculus devised by Alonzo Church , in which numerical values , sequences , data structures , basic mathematical computations , and even recursion can be expressed entirely with nested functions .
The close association with lambda calculus and category theory makes functional languages a powerful tool for understanding and programmatically modeling concepts like catamorphisms and recursion .
For some programmers , learning to see the ineffable theoretical perfection of functional programming languages is a profoundly illuminating experience that opens the mind to a completely new way of perceiving and understanding computer programming .
In some cases , certain functional programming languages are also valued because functional purity is highly conducive to referential transparency and minimizes the potential for side effects .
Outside of the academic world , functional programming idioms are valued because they are often far more expressive than imperative or procedural equivalents .
Modern dynamic scripting languages like Python and Ruby , for instance , offer first - class functions in order to boost developer productivity .
Even C# offers some features — like LINQ — that are heavily based on functional programming concepts .
The ability to mix F# and C# in .NET applications makes it far easier for software developers to use the programming paradigms that are best suited for each individual task .
Functional programming on .NET
Microsoft 's decision to productize F# represents a particularly significant step forward for the .NET platform .
Microsoft took an equally significant step when it unveiled the Dynamic Language Runtime earlier this year .
The .NET platform now fully , officially , and equally supports functional , dynamic , and conventional imperative programming paradigms in an interoperable manner all with a single runtime .
This is a tremendous accomplishment and strong evidence of the .NET platform 's success and long - term viability .
" [ W]e aim to continue the flow of good ideas from functional programming world into mainstream development , " wrote Microsoft developer division vice president S. Somasegar in a blog entry .
" Furthermore , the somewhat mathematical slant of functional programming just seems naturally appealing to professionals whose primary domain is described with mathematical notation — domains such as financial , scientific and technical computing .
On top of the syntactic appeal , the strong type system yields the sort of guarantees which are often crucial in these domains , and enables a superb tooling experience through Visual Studio . "
Although this is the first time that Microsoft has treated functional programming on .NET as a product instead of an experiment , many independent developers have long used functional programming languages on top of .
NET .
The open - source Nemerle programming language , for instance , supports extremely impressive features like macros and is preferred over F# by some programmers in the Ars community .
There are also several Standard ML and Lisp implementations for .
NET .
As the C# programming language and .NET continue to evolve , developers can undoubtedly look forward to seeing more dynamic and functional programming concepts move out of scripting and academia to augment and complement more conventional programming techniques .
Microsoft 's efforts to push dynamic and functional programming into the mainstream are one of many signs that the art of software development is enjoying a profound renaissance .
The vote had been delayed to allow extra lobbying by its sponsors
UN votes against Iran The UN Security Council has voted in favour of new sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme .
Fourteen of the council 's 15 members voted in favour of measures including asset freezes and travel bans for Iranian officials .
Indonesia abstained .
Western powers suspect Iran may be developing nuclear weapons , but Iran says its nuclear programme is for energy generation only .
Tehran has refused to comply with demands that it stop enriching uranium .
This can be undertaken for power generation , but may also be a precursor to building an atomic bomb .
RESOLUTION 1803 Imposes travel bans on five Iranian officials Freezes foreign assets of 13 Iranian companies and 13 officials Bans sale of dual - use items to Iran Urges governments to withdraw financial backing from firms trading with Iran , inspect cargo going into and out of the country , and monitor the activities of two Iranian banks Requests IAEA to report on whether Iran has complied with demand to suspend uranium enrichment
If not , threatens further sanctions
Iran still claims to be winning Q&A : Iran nuclear issues
This third sanctions resolution - formally submitted by France and Britain - adds to resolutions adopted in 2006 and 2007 .
It calls for the foreign assets of 13 Iranian companies to be frozen , and imposes travel bans on five Iranian officials .
It bans the sale to Iran of so - called dual - use items - which can have either a military or civilian purpose .
The BBC's Laura Trevelyan at the UN says the measures are lowest - common - denominator sanctions that even China and Russia - who maintain closer links with Iran than the Western powers - would support .
Both China and Russia are permanent , veto - wielding members of the Security Council .
Iranian anger December 's national intelligence estimate by the US , which concluded Iran probably shelved its nuclear weapons programme in 2003 , undermined efforts to make these sanctions tougher , says our correspondent .
The resolution received the backing of all five permanent members - which include France , Britain , and the US .
The non-permanent members all backed it , except Indonesia , which said it remained to be convinced of the need for sanctions .
Peoples around the world consider the actions of the Security Council as the result of the political pressure exerted by a few powers
Mohammad Khazee
Iranian ambassador to UN
In a statement before the vote , Iran 's envoy to the UN , Mohammad Khazee , described the resolution as politically motivated , illegal , and illegitimate .
He insisted Iran 's nuclear programme " has been , is , and will remain , absolutely peaceful " - and said Iran would ignore the sanctions .
Mr Khazee said the council 's action was not supported by most of the UN 's 192 member states , nor most people , who viewed " the actions of the council as the result of the political pressure exerted by a few powers to advance their own agendas " .
But the US ambassador , Zalmay Khalilzad , said it was " just too dangerous for the world to accept this government having access to production of fissile material and getting close or acquiring a nuclear weapons capability " .
Offer renewed
In remarks to reporters , the British ambassador to the UN , John Sawers , said the permanent council members would ask EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana to meet Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator to try to resolve the impasse .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The sanctions on Iran have not been successful in stopping Iran from uranium enrichment Nastaran , Canada
He restated an offer made in 2006 to assist Tehran with its civilian nuclear programme , in exchange for the suspension of uranium enrichment .
Israel 's foreign ministry said the resolution was " an unequivocal message that the international community cannot accept Iran 's defiant nuclear programme " .
The UN 's nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , reported in February that Iran had cleared up most of the outstanding questions regarding its past nuclear activities .
But the IAEA has criticised Iran for refusing to clarify remaining questions about intelligence suggesting Tehran may have been exploring ways to " weaponise " nuclear materials .
Iran 's envoy to the IAEA , Ali Asghar Soltanieh , has dismissed the intelligence as " forged and fabricated " .
He said in Vienna after a meeting of the IAEA 's 35 - nation board that " all the outstanding issues have been concluded " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Progressive Resources for Teaching Economics
Finding progressive resources for teaching introductory economics at the high school and early college levels can be difficult .
The many pedagogically sophisticated and attractively packaged curriculum materials distributed by groups such as the National Council on Economic Education , the Foundation for Teaching Economics , and Junior Achievement reflect views that range from narrowly neoclassical to strictly right - wing — not surprising , given the funding of these efforts by corporations and conservative foundations .
The fact that these groups helped design the Voluntary National Content Standards for high school economics means that simplistic neoclassical principles are becoming even more firmly entrenched in high school textbooks and standardized tests .
D&S has also run a number of articles about right - wing bias in economics teaching , including :
It 's time for progressive economists to fight back .
The sampling of progressive economics teaching resources listed below is adapted from Introducing Economics : A Critical Guide for Teaching , a textbook and associated website by economists Mark Maier and Julie Nelson : " While we hope this information will be helpful to instructors , the list of materials available to counter the neoclassical onslaught is still woefully short .
We enthusiastically welcome suggestions of further materials and , particularly , collaboration in efforts to organize , fund , create , and disseminate more ' real world ' economics to tomorrow 's leaders . "
Please visit the Introducing Economics website .
with any suggestions you have about how to expand this list , and we will pass them along to Mark and Julie .
Have a link you think we should include here ? .
TPM Reader JW laments the McCain , media bigs love affair .
Ya , the lobbyist story was pretty much the ballgame .
Bumiller ’s NYT piece yesterday was buried in the avalanche of Democratic primary coverage .
If the lobbyist story , and McCain ’s reaction , did n’t tarnish St. McCain then I can’t imagine a little pandering to crazy right wing religious fanatics will do the trick .
The Lobbyist story undercut everything about McCain .
It ’s like if the press found out Obama did n’t really believe in Hope or Hillary really was n’t a Senator from NY .
It went to McCain ’s fundamental argument — I ’m not one of Them , not a Politician , ca n’t be bought by Lobbyists .
In fact , he IS ALL OF THOSE THINGS .
But he got away with it .
And the reason the press is n’t all over the Hagee thing ( besides the normal , its okay if you are a Republican ) is that they think McCain really does n’t like Hagee , but is gritting his teeth and engaging in
smart politics by getting the religious right ’s vote .
Whereas , they think Obama is trying to have it both ways : get the benefits of a Farakhan endorsement ( what are those ? ) while avoiding the bad of being
associated with him .
Oh well .
We ’ve gone through 8 years of this , what ’s 4 more ?
The counselor at Salinas Valley State Prison paid a surprise visit to Nicholas Shearin ’s cell with good news :
He would go home in two days , after a decade behind bars .
She did not mention that he should have been freed eight months earlier .
Shearin was among as many as 33,000 state inmates whose sentences may have been wrong because they were not given all the time off they earned for good behavior and for working in prison .
Records obtained by The Times show that in August , the state sampled some inmate cases and discovered that in more than half -- 354 of 679 -- the offenders were set to remain in prison a combined 104 years too long .
Fifty - nine of those prisoners , including Shearin , had already overstayed and were subsequently released after serving a total of 20 years too many , an average of four months each .
Advertisement
Shearin , 38 , who is living with his parents in Hawthorne and looking for a job , went to prison for armed robbery .
He received less than a third of the good - behavior credit he was due on a second crime , assaulting another inmate .
Shearin said he had told the corrections staff that he was entitled to more time off his sentence .
“ I argued that point , ” he said .
“ I put in all the paperwork . ”
But “ they did what they wanted to do at the Department of Corrections , ” said Shearin , who learned from a reporter that he had stayed in prison too long .
“ They just told me no . ”
Advertisement
The errors could cost the state $ 44 million through the end of this fiscal year if not corrected and more than $ 80 million through mid-2010 .
But California ’s overburdened prison agency waited more than two years to change its method of awarding credit for good behavior after three court rulings , one as early as May 2005 , found it to be illegal .
Officials were giving some inmates 15 % good behavior time instead of the 50 % to which they were entitled .
The state fixed release dates for only those inmates who requested it , according to a spokesman for the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , who said there was no evidence in Shearin ’s file that he complained .
Aside from the survey in August , the department did not change its methods for all prisoners until last month , when it began reviewing release dates .
Officials said that with too little staff , antiquated computers , too many inmates and a web of arcane sentencing formulas , the job was unmanageable .
State Sen. Gloria Romero ( D - Los Angeles ) , who chairs the Senate ’s public safety committee , said inmates have a fundamental right to a timely release .
She criticized the prison agency ’s “ arrogance in the face of the law to simply say that these people ’s lives do n’t matter , but they can just lock them away and essentially throw away the key . ”
Advertisement
Scott Kernan , the corrections department ’s chief deputy secretary for adult operations , defended the department .
“ Our staff struggle every day and do a wonderful job in calculating these cases and prioritizing the workload and getting these guys out , ” he said .
“ We ’re doing as much as we possibly can with the existing resources we have . ”
Five hundred workers , called case records analysts , compute sentences for 417,000 prisoners who enter or are transferred within the state prison system every year .
In December , officials in the Service Employees International Union sued the state on behalf of the analysts , who are responsible for calculating the terms of 500 to 600 inmates each and who fear they can be held accountable for late releases .
The union has been warning prison administrators for 15 or 20 years that analysts were seriously understaffed , said Karen DeVoll , 47 , an analyst at Sierra Conservation Center , a prison in Jamestown in the Sierra foothills east of Stockton .
From 2000 until 2004 , the state paid $ 468,280 in legal settlements to prisoners who were n’t released on time , according to a 2006 report published by Cal State Sacramento .
Advertisement
The cost of housing prisoners who should not be incarcerated is far higher .
The state projected that for the 354 inmate cases reviewed in August , it would have saved $ 2.3 million if all had been released on time .
Overall , failing to correct the errors could cost the state more than $ 110 million more over the next 15 years .
But that figure does not include inflation , and union officials say it would be significantly higher .
DeVoll , who earns the maximum of $ 53,000 a year after two decades in her job , has decades - old computer systems that cannot calculate current sentencing formulas .
She and her colleagues do most of their work , called audits , with pen , paper , calculators and file folders jammed with inmates ’ papers .
Prison administrators keep track of analysts ’ mistakes while also pressuring them to work quickly , DeVoll said .
“ We get written up because we do n’t meet the expectation of how many audits we can do , ” she said .
“ They can get pretty complex . . . .
You have to apply what case law he falls under , if he ’s . . . a violent offender , if he had two violent offenses , if he ’s getting DNA done .
You have to make sure you do tracking for sex offenders . ”
Advertisement
Kernan said that despite the state budget crisis , the prisons plan to add 85 new analysts so that all questionable release dates can be corrected by September .
But analysts will also have to review tens of thousands of additional prisoner records if legislators approve Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s plan to release some prisoners early to help close a $ 14.5 - billion budget gap , and that could mean new delays .
Meanwhile , Shearin , who earned a degree from a long - distance program while in prison , hopes to find a job as a medical technician at a hospital .
He said he might already be employed had he not been kept in prison so long .
“ I could have possibly got a job in a hospital easier , ” he said .
“ It was pretty bad and violent up there .
. . .
That was the most violent prison yard in California .
. . .
They did n’t want to give nobody a break . ”
Some inmates who were released late said they were told they were being let out early .
When Dale Hamblin , 35 , an accountant , was sent home unexpectedly in August , a prison counselor told him he had “ hit the lottery . ”
Advertisement
In fact , Hamblin had stayed nine months too long , as he learned from a reporter .
He had been scheduled for release Jan. 12 of this year , until the state ’s revised calculations showed he should have been let out Nov. 26 , 2006 .
Hamblin went to prison for driving under the influence of alcohol in connection with a 2003 accident near his Shasta County home .
He served time in the Shasta County jail , High Desert State Prison and the California Correctional Center at Susanville .
Since going home , he has returned to the family accounting business where he earned a living before prison .
But because of his late release , he spent most of last year earning 19 cents an hour at a low - security prison fire camp in Mendocino County , ordering food and processing payroll for inmates .
Hamblin said he did n’t ask any questions when he was told to go home .
Advertisement
State officials said they found no evidence in his file that he had complained about his release date .
But Hamblin said he had suspected he was due more good - behavior time , and his petition to receive it had been turned down .
“ I did something wrong and I hurt two people , and you have to pay your penalties for that , ” Hamblin said .
“ But if I ’m being responsible and following the rules , that includes everybody else , too . . . .
Obviously the [ Department of Corrections ] kind of ignored that . ”
--
Advertisement
michael.rothfeld@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
33,000
Advertisement
Number of inmates whose sentences are being reviewed
1,376
Maximum number of days ( about 3.75 years ) by which an inmate ’s sentence has been wrong
52
Advertisement
Percentage of inmates whose sentences were shortened after an audit
Source : California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation ; based on an August 2007 survey of 679 cases
In space , no one can hear you scream — which is no bad thing , because scientists have discovered that it is a lot filthier than they thought .
Researchers revealed yesterday that limitless stretches of space are strewn with interstellar soot , making it harder to see very distant objects such as exploding stars or supernovae .
The finding , reported in the US journal Science , is more than a matter of cosmic cleanliness .
Proof of the existence of space soot raises serious questions about the mysterious " dark energy " that is thought to drive the expansion of the universe .
In the late 1990s , astronomers noticed that light from very distant supernovae was dimmer than it should be , suggesting that some of these dying stars were far further away than theories predicted .
The puzzle led to the hypothesis that the expansion of the universe was accelerating , and was being pushed along by an unknown form of energy , which they called dark energy .
The latest study suggests that space soot might be to blame , at least in part , for making distant stars appear more faint than expected .
' Like dust in front of a lens '
" We 're not saying this explains dark energy , but we 're saying this stuff is out there and like dust in front of a lens , it might make these objects appear dimmer than they are , " said Andrew Steele at the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington DC .
Steele and his colleague Marc Fries made their discovery while examining three meteorites that formed shortly after the birth of the solar system 4.5 bn years ago .
Using a powerful microscope , they identified graphite " whiskers " only a few thousandths of a millimetre long embedded in minerals that form in the ancient heat of newborn suns and exploding stars .
" These whiskers are like rolled - up tubes of graphite and they could be generated in supernovae and blown out into space , or they could be thrown out of newborn stars , " said Steele .
When the sun was very young , the solar wind — which is a stream of energetic particles — was exceptionally strong and could have blown vast clouds of graphite whiskers far out into space .
The same may have happened around other stars , leaving a haze of soot throughout space .
Speculation in Sixties
In the early 1960s , Chandra Wickramasinghe , a space scientist now at Cardiff University 's Centre for Astrobiology , and the late Sir Fred Hoyle first speculated that carbon whiskers might pervade space .
" There 's no question that carbon whiskers like these now discovered would dim starlight and light from distant supernovae , and [ the dimming ] has been one of the kingpins of the dark energy argument , " said Wickramasinghe .
Andy Fabian at Cambridge University 's Institute of Astronomy said there was substantial evidence for dark energy that cannot be explained by cosmic soot , but said it should still be investigated .
" Dust plays a huge role in what we can see in the universe .
We can't see very far through the disc of our own galaxy because of dust and if there 's another type of dust out there that is widespread and important , then we need to know about it , " he said .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Ah ... the true face of Republican party in all its ugly , racist and bigoted glory .
And most surprisingly , Ann Coulter is the mildest of the haters .
The Coultergeist takes the bronze for repeatedly referring to Democratic presidential contender Barack Obama as B. Hussein Obama on Hannity & Colmes , furthering both the bigotry against Muslims ( that appears to be FOX 's stock in trade ) and suspicion of the UCC - attending Obama because of the Muslim background of family members .
For the record , Coulter was back on MSNBC the next day doing the same thing and is scheduled to be on Hardball on June 26 , almost a year to the date of her calling Nobel Peace Prize winning Al Gore " a total fag . "
My question to MSNBC 's producers : WHY ???
The silver goes to Laura Ingraham for her sneering and racist comments on Al Sharpton 's visit to the White House :
INGRAHAM : Oh , did anyone see President Bush at the White House ?
This was interesting :
He was celebrating African - American History Month , and he made that comment , saying , you know , " People should n't play around or -- with nooses , " and that was clearly a reference to , you know , all the problem that , you know , appearance of nooses has caused in this country .
And he talked about that .
And then , he welcomed Al Sharpton to the White House .
I hope they nailed down all the valuables .
Classy .
And finally , the winner of the bigot race is none other than radio talk show host Tom Sullivan who likened Barack Obama to Adolph Hitler .
Ladies and gentlemen , I give you the heart and twisted blackened soul of the Republican noise machine .
But let me emphasize to you what I see in almost no stories :
That is a four - letter word called debt .
Nowhere do I see mentioned of what 's going to happen to the debt .
It never leaves the administration 's lips .
I have never seen it in a single story .
I hear a lot of focus on the deficit .
No mention of what happens to the debt .
And I would suggest to you the debt is the threat .
Why ?
Because if you look at what is scheduled to happen in this next year , according to the administration 's own estimates , while the deficit goes up over $ 400 billion , the debt will go up over $ 700 billion in one year .
The big difference , of course , is Social Security money that is being used to pay other bills .
It does n't get included in any deficit calculation , but every penny of it gets added to the debt .
The result is , under the Bush administration proposal , they are building a wall of debt .
At the end of his first year , the gross debt of the United States stood at $ 5.8 trillion .
We do n't hold him responsible for the first year because he was n't in charge the first year .
The budget , as you know , is presented by the president outgoing .
If you look at the end of his eight years of responsibility , we see the debt as being over $ 10.4 trillion .
That is almost a doubling of the national debt on his watch .
You will recall , he said paying down the debt was a high priority .
And we see the debt further escalating to more than $ 13 trillion by 2013 .
The new head coach of Juventus , Andrea Pirlo , spoke about some of the team ’s players .
“ Ronaldo and I spoke a few days ago , and yesterday I spoke with him on the pitch , just like with others .
We will have time to talk in the coming weeks .
Dibala was never planned to be sold , he is an important player and will be part of the project .
Artur is a good player , we admired him at Barcelona and in the Brazilian national team .
He can play several roles in midfield , ” Pirlo said .
Nuno Gomes : “ Pirlo and Zidane played in similar positions , and it was clear that they would become coaches » .
Former Portugal , Benfica and Fiorentina striker Nuno Gomes compared the new Juventus coach , Andrea Pirlo , to Zinedine Zidane , who heads real Madrid .
“ All coaches have to start somewhere , do n’t they ?
For Pirlo , this is a great opportunity and a great challenge in his first job as a coach .
Pirlo will have the support of the players , the club and the fans .
So he has everything to become a good choice for the club as a new coach .
There is no doubt that Pirlo was a terrific footballer .
And I believe that he will become a very good coach .
You can compare him with Zidane , because they played in similar positions on the field .
This is funny , since many of the players who become coaches have operated in midfield .
You have an idea about Pirlo .
He was the “ Maestro ” for the team when he played .
And even the style of his game showed that he would become a coach at the end of his career , as in the case of Zidane .
The name Pirlo is highly respected .
And I think the players will help him achieve what he wants , ” the Portuguese told Stats Perform News .
Another week of edge Rails changes , featured on the Rails Envy podcast .
This weeks ’ report covers changes from 21 Jan 2008 to 27 Jan 2008 ( the day the Rails Envy podcast was recorded ) .
Eager loading : includes does pre-loading
The current gem Rails behavior when loading associations with something like
Author.find ( : all , : include => [ : posts , : comments ] )
is to make a big query with multiple joins that fetches all the associations in the same query ( for you RDBMS geeks , the " cartesian product " ) .
Frederick Cheung ( fcheung on the Rails Trac ) has contributed an impressive optimization to this by pre-loading the associations rather than trying to eager loading with one big query .
So a find like this :
Author.find ( : all , : include => [ : posts , : comments ] )
would first load all the authors , then all the posts , and then all the comments in 3 smaller , faster queries .
The main benefit of this ( depending on your data ) : Running X simple queries ( to fetch authors , then posts and comments ) rather than one mega-query that joins all the associated tables is faster most of the time .
The result set is often smaller as well .
More details can be found at ticket # 9640 on the Rails Trac .
Related changeset : http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8672
composed _of aggregations can now be used in finder conditions
You can now use value objects that you 've previously specified that your model is composed_of in the finder conditions hash .
E.g. if you have a Customer that has a balance aggregation :
class Customer < ActiveRecord :: Base composed_of : balance , :class_name => " Money " , : mapping => %w ( balance amount ) end
You can now pass a Money value object to Customer #find :
Customer.find ( : all , : conditions => { : balance => Money.new ( 20 , " USD " ) })
Convenient .
Related changeset : http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8671
New helper : label_tag
A label_tag helper has been missing for quite awhile since the label helper was added .
No longer :
label_tag ' name ' # => < label for =" name " > Name </ label > label_tag ' name ' , ' Your name ' # => < label for =" name " >
Your name </ label >
Related changeset : http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8685
New ActiveSupport class : ActiveSupport :: TimeWithZone
A new ActiveSupport : : TimeWithZone class has been introduced to make timezone support in Rails easier .
Ryan Daigle has a good writeup on this .
A word of warning though : this is still work in progress , as Geoff Buesing , the core team member responsible for these timezone changes , has more to add on how his plans for the timezone puzzle in the comments .
Related changeset : http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8696
map.root can be easily aliased
map.root now accept a single symbol as an argument to declare an alias .
Just a little something to keep your routes a little more DRY , e.g. :
map.new_session :controller => ' sessions ' , :action => ' new ' map.root :new_session
Related changeset : http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8738
As usual , let me know of any inaccuracies or any suggestions you may have in the comments !
Sinking back in his armchair , Maulana Shuja ul - Mulk strokes his thick beard with one hand and the fluffy tail of a small toy dalmatian with the other .
' We were surprised by the results , ' he admits from a supporter 's home in the small rural western Pakistani town of Mardan , ' but we believe in democracy . '
Whether the claim is true or not , the hard political reality is that Mulk and his hardline religious party are now out of power .
In the 2002 election , he and scores of other ultra-conservative clerics swept into government in Pakistan 's turbulent North - West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) on a tide of anti-Americanism and resurgent religious enthusiasm , vowing to impose Islamic law .
But in last week 's national and provincial polls , voters backed secular and liberal candidates and evicted the ruling alliance of religious parties .
The landslide triggered what some are now calling the ' Peshawar Spring ' .
The term may be a little exaggerated , but , for a troubled town pivotal to the ' war on terror ' , the normally dour and dusty provincial capital of NWFP certainly wears an unusually cheerful face this weekend .
' You can see it in the way people are walking and talking , even smiling , ' said Iqbal Khattak , the editor of a local newspaper .
Outside his office , unseasonable warm weather has tricked fruit trees into blossoming early .
' We are having two early springs here : one is the climate , the other the politics . '
In the bazaars and on the streets , change is already visible - and audible .
Though the Islamic law bill that the hardliners passed in the provincial parliament was blocked at national level , the clerics were able to ban music in public places or on public transport .
Now the sounds of local Pashtun folk music and Punjabi Bhangra are back - first in the street celebrations every evening last week , and then as the province 's thousands of bus drivers once again slipped a cassette or CD into the stereos of their overloaded and over - decorated vehicles .
' Now I have music , I love my job again , ' said Ashraf Mohmandi , one of the local drivers .
' I can breathe once more . '
For many businessmen the relief is huge .
The province 's once vibrant entertainment industry has languished for the past five years .
With a ban on any advertising showing women , let alone the traditional busty girl with a gun that was once a staple of the traditional giant , luridly painted billboards , the Peshawar film industry , ' Pollywood ' , has suffered .
The province 's DVD and CD shops were banned from advertising their wares and became the target of hardcore militants ' home - made bombs , which killed dozens of sellers and customers .
' It 's a real change for the better , ' said Shahbaz Pashtun , who has run a DJ service for weddings and parties since 1999 .
' The relief was enormous .
Business has been terrible . '
Sikander Imran , one of Pashtun 's clients , spoke of the ' vibrant underground music scene ' in Peshawar .
' Hopefully it will become a bit more overground now , ' he said .
In a nearby crowded cafe , three Afghan students proudly claimed to be the first ' tourists ' to visit Peshawar under the ' new regime ' .
' It 's better than Afghanistan , ' said Abdullah Mati , 21 .
Public concerts are now being planned , newly elected MPs say .
According to the University of Peshawar 's Professor Shah Jehan , the vote against the religious parties was caused by their failure to implement campaign promises .
' They pledged to be honest , just , ascetic and efficient , and they were none of those things , ' he said .
' Most of all they could not bring peace .
People are sick of violence and insecurity .
They voted for parties they hope will end the turmoil .'
The province is often seen as the epicentre of global jihadi militancy .
It borders the violence - racked ' tribal agencies ' where Osama bin Laden is believed to be hiding and al - Qaeda has set up training camps , and where the Afghan Taliban have a logistics network .
The Pakistani army has launched a series of unsuccessful campaigns to eradicate militancy in these rugged hills and valleys , and hundreds have died in bomb attacks and battles .
Last weekend , 80 people were killed in a suicide bombing on an election candidate 's office that was linked to sectarian fighting .
The agencies are also key logistics and recruiting areas for the Taliban in Afghanistan .
Yet even in these troubled , devout and poverty - stricken areas , voters backed secular and liberal parties , including independent candidates affiliated to the late Benazir Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) , which won the most seats in the elections .
Yesterday , the PPP vowed to curtail some of President Pervez Musharraf 's broad powers , including his right to dismiss parliament .
They also considered candidates for the next prime minister , the front - runner being Makhdoom Amin Fahim , 68 , a Bhutto loyalist reputed to be a consensus - builder .
Shah Jehan said of the results in the NWFP : ' The religious parties fared worst in the places suffering the worst violence . '
The violence has regularly spilled over to NWFP itself .
In Swat , a highland valley briefly taken over by radicals last year , the religious parties were wiped out in last week 's elections despite condemning the militants .
On Friday , militants detonated a roadside bomb that killed 14 members of a wedding party .
The Awami National Party , which got the biggest vote in the polls in the province and is set to enter into a ruling coalition at a national level , campaigned with a simple slogan : ' Peace ' .
For the secular and liberal parties , victory has an added satisfaction .
' This means that Bhutto died to bring democracy , ' said Sardar Ali Shah , a young PPP activist , as he danced in the street in Peshawar to celebrate on the night the election results were released .
' Now we will see stability and development . '
Sadly , neither is inevitable .
The province , and particularly its tribal areas , have very low literacy levels , limited communications and almost no serious trade or industry .
' There is nothing , really nothing , ' said Hakim Shinwari , of the tribal agencies ' chamber of commerce .
The bumper crops in Afghanistan and the deteriorating law - and - order situation in Pakistan have encouraged some farmers to turn again to opium .
To the north of Peshawar , significant poppy fields have been replanted this year , local sources said .
And support for the religious parties remains strong .
The vote in NWFP was against the incumbents , not necessarily against their project of imposing Islamic law .
Qazi Hussain
Ahmed , the leader of Jamaat - e - Islami , admitted that the party had failed to break through to the ' Pakistani masses ' .
but said he was confident ' their time would come ' .
Yesterday in Takht - e- Bai , 50 miles north of Peshawar , Maulana Mohammed Qassem , one of the few clerics to keep his seat , rallied the faithful .
Standing in the court of his religious school , where nearly 2,000 boys receive free board and lodging and a conservative religious education , Qassem told supporters that they deserved praise for choosing the ' true path ' rather than the deceiving promises of ' the rich landlords , the capitalists and the government agents of the Americans ' .
' Pray for me as your member of parliament , so that I do not disappoint you , ' Qassem told them .
' And pray for our return to power . '
Election factfile
· Suicide bombings and the assassination of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto heightened fears of a bloodbath with predictions of massive vote - rigging and a low turnout if elections went ahead .
· President Pervez Musharraf 's ruling party conceded defeat after Bhutto's Pakistan People 's Party and former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League won 155 of 268 seats contested .
Elections had been postponed from 8 January to 18 February after the chaos sparked by Bhutto's assassination .
· Last November , Musharraf had sacked the country 's chief justice and declared a state of emergency .
Amid mounting pressure , he designated a successor as army chief in October .
On 18 October , Bhutto returned from exile .
On 27 December , she and 140 others were killed following a rally in Rawalpindi .
February 18 , 2008 Volume 86 , Number 07 pp. 37-38
A Massive Case Of Fraud
Journal editors are left reeling as publishers move to rid their archives of scientist 's falsified research
A CHEMIST IN INDIA has been found guilty of plagiarizing and / or falsifying more than 70 research papers published in a wide variety of Western scientific journals between 2004 and 2007 , according to documents from his university , copies of which were obtained by C&EN .
Some journal editors left reeling by the incident say it is one of the most spectacular and outrageous cases of scientific fraud they have ever seen .
The culprit , sources say , is chemistry professor Pattium Chiranjeevi of Sri Venkateswara University in Tirupati , India .
SVU conducted an investigation into Chiranjeevi's work after a journal editor presented evidence to university officials that the professor had plagiarized and possibly falsified several manuscript submissions .
Chiranjeevi , who communicates through a wide variety of e-mail addresses , has not responded to multiple requests for comment by C&EN .
Shutterstock
Chiranjeevi retains his teaching position at SVU , according to a university source who has requested anonymity .
" He is a permanent employee of the university , and the administration cannot fire him easily , " the source says .
Instead , Chiranjeevi has been barred from research and research supervision and from holding any administrative post at the university .
" Chiranjeevi claimed to be using advanced instrumentation not available at the university , " the source says .
" The chemistry in most of his papers is illogical — the chemistry itself is wrong .
How did this get past reviewers ? "
" I hated seeing papers from this guy , " says Gary D. Christian , who is editor - in - chief of the Elsevier analytical chemistry journal Talanta , one of the journals that published Chiranjeevi 's research .
Christian , who is professor emeritus of chemistry at the University of Washington , Seattle , says Chiranjeevi 's tactic was to flood journals with manuscript submissions in the hopes of wearing down editors who would eventually publish some of his work .
" He published 70 - plus papers in 25 journals in three years , " Christian says .
" The case is unprecedented . "
Chiranjeevi's papers have appeared in Talanta and four other Elsevier journals : Food Chemistry , Journal of Hazardous Materials , Analytica Chimica Acta , and Chemosphere .
In the wake of the SVU investigation , Elsevier has retracted all of Chiranjeevi 's articles published in its journals .
" In total , we have retracted 13 articles authored by Chiranjeevi from our online database , ScienceDirect , " says a company spokeswoman .
" As a publisher , being made aware of these cases of plagiarism has made us more determined to continue to introduce practices that will help deter such activities .
" We are currently experimenting with tools that can help spot incidences of plagiarism , " the spokeswoman continues .
" We use software that mines our articles and identifies similarities between papers .
It gives guidance by giving a score in terms of how similar two pieces of text are to each other . "
" This guy really scoured the world for journals to publish in , " says Christian , who has carefully documented much of the Chiranjeevi case .
He says , at worst , he thought Chiranjeevi might be self - plagiarizing his submissions to boost his publication record .
He says only careful analysis and comparison with other papers will reveal plagiarism , a task journal editors simply do n't have the time or resources to pursue .
To express your views on scientific fraud , visit cenresearch.wordpress.com
CHIRANJEEVI'S PLAGIARISM of other scientists ' work was discovered by Purnendu K. ( Sandy ) Dasgupta , a chemistry professor at the University of Texas , Arlington , and U.S. editor of Analytica Chimica Acta .
He says a reviewer , a former student of his , pointed out that a Chiranjeevi submission on measurement of arsenic ( III ) was similar to a published paper from a Japanese group on chromium ( III ) .
In fact , Dasgupta says , but for the change in the name of the chemical being measured , the papers were identical .
" At that point , I was really mad , " Dasgupta says .
He says it upset him that Chiranjeevi is also Indian and that his university is located in a holy city in India .
" I wrote a scathing letter to Chiranjeevi , and said I was going to notify his university that they should look into his Ph.D. "
Eventually , Dasgupta did make contact with Duvvuru Gunasekar , who was chair of the SVU chemistry department at the time .
And he probed further into Chiranjeevi 's publication record .
He found several instances of duplicate submission — for example , a series of four papers on how to measure selenium submitted to as many journals — and he began to question data reported in these and other Chiranjeevi articles .
Dasgupta queried Gunasekar on instrumentation in his department only to find that Chiranjeevi apparently made false claims .
The instruments cited in his papers did not exist in the department , according to Gunasekar .
He asked Dasgupta to make an official complaint in writing , which , along with a letter from Elsevier 's legal department , triggered the SVU investigation .
According to Dasgupta , Chiranjeevi has proclaimed his innocence through all of this and threatened to sue him in international court .
He says Chiranjeevi blamed persons unknown for submitting falsified papers under his name through e-mail addresses that Chiranjeevi did not recognize or use .
But the university 's investigation , according to the SVU source , found that Chiranjeevi had used those same e-mail addresses in papers that he stood behind as authentic .
" He was trying to throw blame on his students , " the source says .
Worse , " he was charging students a fee to award them degrees , " the source says .
" He listed as many as 56 coauthors on his papers .
There were complaints prior to the investigation , but nobody looked into it very seriously . "
He says the university does not seem to have taken disciplinary action against any students who worked under Chiranjeevi 's supervision , even though some of them were aware of and participated in the fraud he perpetrated .
" I cannot find fault with the peer reviewers , " says the SVU source , because not all of the journals he published in dealt exclusively with chemistry .
" The chemistry described for the preparation of the reagents involves organic reactions , and maybe some of the reviewers were not aware of the chemistry involved .
Plagiarism is very difficult to prove for many reasons ,
" We rely on peer reviewers , and for some reason no one ever picked up on the fact that he was submitting the same stuff over and over again , " Christian says .
He says he did reject a number of Chiranjeevi 's papers without review because of similarities with earlier papers , but it takes a lot of an editor 's time to track down and compare the papers and justify scientifically to the author why a paper is not accepted for review .
" Reviewers are overwhelmed , " he continues , pointing out that they do not have the time necessary to prescreen manuscript submissions for such problems .
" The Elsevier in - house experiment with software to identify similarities between papers should help , " Christian says .
" The scale of it was unprecedented and outrageous , " says Dasgupta of Chiranjeevi 's scientific misconduct .
Like any case of scientific fraud , he says , it raises the question " what is inciting people to do this even though it is deeply wrong ? "
" Partly we have to blame our own selves , " says Dasgupta , citing the enormous pressure on scientists everywhere to publish and win grants .
But he wonders , too , whether something more essential has been lost .
" I really like what I am doing — creating something at the bench .
Where is that pleasure and wonder ? "
Dasgupta also says editors and reviewers are overwhelmed and reliant on the honor system at the heart of scientific publishing .
" Plagiarism can be guarded against , " he says , " but out - and - out fraud is hard to guard against . "
ONE TOOL that Dasgupta has used to find reviewers — and that might be useful in discovering plagiarism — is a Web - based tool called eTBlast .
Developed by computational biologists at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School , the free service does a similarity search of text that someone inputs with papers in Medline or other online databases .
Dasgupta and others say it could be a powerful tool for weeding out plagiarism in journal manuscript submissions .
The developers of eTBlast have now developed a duplicate submission database called Deja vu .
Both are available for free , eTBlast at invention.swmed.edu/ and Deja vu at spore.swmed.edu/dejavu .
Of Chiranjeevi , " this is by far the most egregious case of scientific fraud in 30 years , " says G. Bruce Wiersma , a professor in the department of forest ecosystem science at the University of Maine and the editor of Environmental Monitoring & Assessment , a Springer Netherlands journal .
He says the journal published three Chiranjeevi papers , all of which have been retracted .
" The problem with peer review is that it is an honor system , " Wiersma says .
" There is no fail - safe .
If people want to break the honor system , there is nothing you can do . "
Like other journal editors affected by Chiranjeevi's fraud , Wiersma says he was at some point concerned about the number of submissions from the Indian scientist and the similarity of his article submissions .
" But there was no indication that he copied from someone else . "
To express your views on scientific fraud , visit cenresearch.wordpress.com
At worst Wiersma thought Chirnajeevi might be veering toward self - plagiarism — essentially submitting the same or nearly the same paper over and over again to Wiersma and other journal editors .
" I sent him a letter and said , ' Do n't do this . '
I was trying to be fair and point out that this is n't professional . "
All authors who submit articles to any journal fill out a statement saying that they have not submitted to another journal .
" That 's the only protection we have — and it's not much protection , " Wiersma says .
OTTAWA–The growing concentration of power in the Prime Minister 's Office must be challenged because it is threatening the very democracy that Canadians enjoy , retired Justice John Gomery says .
The man who investigated the Liberal sponsorship scandal used his time yesterday before a Commons committee to criticize the Conservative government for not implementing a key recommendation from his second report .
That recommendation called for power to be taken out of the hands of the scores of unelected and unaccountable people working in the PMO .
Gomery told the government operations committee that the PMO , in recent years , has grown rapidly and " they have the ear of the most important and powerful person in Canadian government . "
" I suggest this trend is a danger to Canadian democracy and leaves the door wide open to the kind of political interference in the day - to - day administration of government programs that led to what is commonly called the sponsorship scandal , " he said .
Critics have continually accused Harper of running a very centrally controlled and secretive government and point to his lack of accessibility to the media and his iron grip on the Conservative caucus as well as the bureaucracy .
" We have a government where one man seems to have an ever - increasing influence upon what government policy is going to be .
If you look back historically at prime ministers in the past , I do n't think they had the same hold over their party and Parliament that the present prime minister has , " Gomery told reporters later .
Liberal MP Garth Turner said yesterday he witnessed Harper 's autocratic ways when he sat in the Conservative caucus before he was kicked out in the fall of 2006 .
" Before the last election campaign , the Conservative party and the Conservative leader were making noises that parliamentary reform was an important part of it .
But once the election was over , the idea was completely forgotten , " Turner said .
" In the year I spent in caucus , members were absolutely told they could not speak to the media unless you get permission from Sandra Buckler ( Harper 's communications director ) .
...
That 's how extreme the censorship was . "
Gomery told the committee that too many people in the PMO , and cabinet are more concerned about their loyalty to the Prime Minister than they are to Parliament .
" These people ( in cabinet ) owe their limousines to this individual ... so that all comes into play , " he said .
Gomery , 75 , headed up the commission that investigated the Liberal sponsorship scandal .
The sponsorship program was designed to increase Ottawa 's profile in Quebec after the narrow federalist victory in the 1995 sovereignty referendum .
The first of his two reports , filed in November 2005 , found millions of sponsorship dollars were funnelled to Liberal - friendly advertising agencies .
The second report , in February 2006 , offered 19 recommendations on how to restore government accountability .
He expressly called for ways to limit political interference and rebalance power .
Gomery testified that the Conservative government has all but ignored the second report .
" I am disappointed .
I find it hard to swallow , " he told the Commons government operations committee , which is reviewing the Conservatives ' handling of his report .
Gomery said when he recommended that the office and the role of the Clerk of the Privy Council be reviewed in terms of independence , it was rejected outright by Harper .
Among other things , the retired justice recommended that deputy ministers not be appointed by the prime minister but rather that the government adopt a system similar to Alberta 's where there is a vetting process , which he says – for the most part – takes politics out senior appointments .
The Tory members of the committee reminded Gomery it was their government that brought in the Accountability Act .
It was drafted by the Tories in response to the sponsorship scandal , passed the Commons and Senate and received royal assent in December 2006 .
But a separate cabinet order is required for many provisions to come into force , which means , for example , there is nothing forcing cabinet to fulfil its promise to establish an appointments commission .
" I think the federal Accountability Act was certainly a step in the right direction , but it was not a response to my report , " Gomery said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" My report had n't even been filed ... in other words , the Accountability Act anticipated some of my recommendations .
I think it did not anticipate the others and the others have been ignored , " he said .
Gomery noted that he met with then - Treasury Board president John Baird , who seemed concerned the judge might cause trouble for the government .
Baird , he said , appeared relieved that Gomery then still had two years left on the bench and therefore would be judicially gagged .
Referring to Microsoft 's desire to use soon - to - be- opened broadcasting bandwidth for low - powered unlicensed wireless devices , Bill Gates argued that it will make for improved Wi -Fi , a term he appears to be using as simply non-regulated , subscription - free wireless .
He said :
" We 're hopeful that that will be made available so that Wi-Fi can explode in terms of its usage , even out into some of these less dense areas where distance has been a big problem for Wi -Fi . "
Advertisement
Bill 's opponents see this not as an opportunity for more Wi-Fi but as a chance to widen costlier , regulated wireless subscription services .
Microsoft along with Google , Dell , HP , Intel and Philips , have been lobbying the FCC to permit white - space devices , which they have been continuously submitting for testing .
Broadcasters and others fear static and other kinds of interference .
Advertisement
Dennis Wharton , a spokesman for the National Association of Broadcasters , argues for the regulated model :
" Broadband penetration could be drastically improved through a fixed , licensed service without interference to TV reception .
Unfortunately , Microsoft continues to push for an unlicensed technology that simply does not work ... TV viewers should not be inundated by the inevitable interference caused by such faulty devices . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Spoken , I must say , like someone who has no faith that these problems can be solved through technology .
Microsoft 's chief research and strategy officer , Craig Mundie , addressed the situation in a more desperate tone :
White space activity today is sort of our last hope to get some good spectrum .
You hear that , Obi Kevin - Martin - obi ? [ Reuters ]
I have have heard plenty of people saying that desktop software is dead and that all future development will be done for the web .
From my perspective , as both a buyer and seller of software , I think they are wrong .
In fact , of the thousands of pounds I have spent on software in the last three years , I would guess that well over 90 % of it was spent on software that runs outside the browser .
The capabilities of web based applications have improved a lot in recent years , but they still have a long way to go to match a custom built native application once you move beyond CRUD applications .
I do n’t expect to be running Visual Studio , PhotoShop or VMWare ( amongst others ) inside the browser any time soon .
The only way I see web apps approaching the flexibility and performance of desktop apps is for the browser to become as complicated as an OS , negating the key reason for having a browser in the first place .
To me it seems more likely that desktop apps will embed a browser and use more and more web protocols , resulting in hybrid native + web apps that offer the best of both worlds .
So , if Windows desktop apps are n’t going away any time soon , what language / libraries / tools should we use to develop them ?
It is clear that Microsoft would like us to use a .
Net development environment , such as C# .
But I question the wisdom of anyone selling downloadable off - the - shelf software based on .
Net [ 1 ] .
The penetration of .
Net is less than impressive , especially for the more recent versions .
From stats published by SteG on a recent BOS post ( only IE users counted ) :
No . Net : 28.12 %
>= . Net 1.0 : 71.88 %
>= . Net 1.1 : 69.29 %
>= .
Net 2.0 : 46.07 %
>= . Net 3.0 : 18.66 %
>= . Net 3.5 : 0.99 %
Consequently deploying your app may require a framework update .
The new .
Net 3.5 framework comes with a 2.7 MB installer , but this is only a stub that downloads the frameworks required .
The full set of frameworks weighs in at eye watering 197 MB .
To find out how much the stub really downloads Giorgio installed .
Net 3.5 onto a Windows 2003 VM with only .
Net 1.0 & 1.1 .
The result : 67 MB .
That is still a large download for most people , especially if your .
Net 3.5 software is only a small utility .
It is out of the question if you do n’t have broadband .
Microsoft no doubt justify this by saying that the majority of PCs will have .
Net 3.5 pre-installed by the year X. Unfortunately by the year X Microsoft will probably be pushing .
Net 5.5 and I dread to think how big that will be .
I have heard a lot of people touting the productivity benefits of C# and .
Net , but the huge framework downloads can only be a major hurdle for customers , especially for B2C apps .
You also have issues protecting your byte code from prying eyes , and you can pretty much forget cross-platform development .
So I think I will stick to writing native apps in C++ for Windows for the foreseeable future .
There is no clear leader amongst the development ‘ stacks ’ ( languages+libraries+tools ) for native Win32 development at present .
Those that spring to mind include :
Delphi – Lots of devoted fans , but will CodeGear even be here tomorrow ?
VB6 – Abandoned and unloved by Microsoft .
Java –
You have to have a Java Run Time installed , and questions still remain about the native look and feel of Java GUIs .
C++/MFC – Ugly ugly ugly .
There is also the worry that it will be ‘ deprecated ’ by Microsoft .
C++/Qt –
My personal favourite , but expensive and C++ is hardly an easy - to - use language .
The future of Qt is also less certain after the Nokia acquisition .
Plus some others I know even less about , including : RealBasic and C++/ WxWidgets .
They all have their down sides .
It is a tough choice .
Perhaps that is why some Windows developers are defecting to Mac , where there is really only one game in town ( Objective - C / Cocoa ) .
I do n’t even claim that the opinions I express here are accurate or up - to - date .
How could they be ?
If I kept up - to - date on all the leading Win32 development stacks I would n’t have any time left to write software .
Of the stacks listed I have only used C++/MFC and C++/ Qt in anger and my MFC experience ( shudder ) was quite a few years ago .
Given that one person can’t realistically hope to evaluate all the alternatives in any depth , we have to rely on our particular requirements ( do we need to support cross platform ? ) , hearsay , prejudice and which language we are most familiar with to narrow it down to a realistic number to evaluate .
Two perhaps .
And once we have chosen a stack and become familiar with it we are going to be loathe to start anew with another stack .
Certainly it would take a lot for me to move away from C++/ Qt , in which I have a huge amount of time invested , to a completely new stack .
Which Windows development stack are you using ?
Why ?
Have I maligned it unfairly above ?
[ 1 ] Bespoke software is a different story .
If you have limited deployment of the software and can dictate the end - user environment then the big download is much less of an issue .
It may seem naïve to some , to offer pledge cards to the military asking them not to participate in a False Flag operation .
However , sometimes the right message needs to get to the right person , and who is to say that a pledge card would n't be a good way to get the message delivered ?
It might help someone think over a decision that they may regret for the rest of their life .
In 1966 , LTC USASF ( Ret. ) Daniel Marvin refused to participate in a False Flag operation .
Now retired , Marvin revealed his story in a book called " Expendable Elite " .
The hardback was released in 2003 , after nearly 20 years of searching for a publisher .
Immediately following the release of the book , the Special Forces Association began a campaign to discredit the book 's contents , and ultimately bankrolled a libel suit against Marvin and his publishers .
Marvin won the legal battle , and the whole sordid tale is included in the softcover version of the book , which you can order directly from the publisher , TrineDay .
The chief claim in the book which set a legal battle in motion that has cost Marvin and TrineDay over $ 150,000 in legal fees appears to be this ; in June of 1966 , a CIA agent by the name of Walter Mackem approached Marvin with a plot to assassinate Prince Norodom Sihanouk , at the time , Cambodia 's Head of State ;
He very matter - of - factly told me that the agency had been asked to dispose of a very delicate situation ...
" We 've been asked to terminate Prince Sihanouk .
Yours is the closest Special Forces Camp to Phom Penh ; you 've got all Hoa Hoa 's in your CIDG and their record is good .
We want you take care of it ... because we believe you can get the job done . " ... " You want us to assassinate Crown Prince Sihanouk ? "
I asked , not really believing he'd come to ask us to kill Cambodia 's Head of State .
" Do n't get me wrong , I 've got no love for Sihanouk , but do n't you have some of your own people in Cambodia who could make the hit ? "
" Yes ... we want you to do the job . "
Mackem went on to tell me their analysis had determined that the Cambodians would take up arms against VC and NVA forces and push them back into Laos or North Vietnam if their Prince was thought to have been killed by the Viet Cong .
" Your job , " he went on to say , " will be to bring about his death and make it appear to have been done by the VC . "
- " Expendable Elite " , 2nd Edition , p. 262 .
Marvin was already engaged in covert work , attacking Viet Cong forces encamped in Cambodia from his base in the An Phu district of Vietnam .
Marvin offered a quid pro quo , if President Johnson would put an end to the covert operation his unit was engaged in , ( by publicly declaring the VC havens in Cambodia fair game for the regular military ) , then Marvin would do the job .
The CIA apparently did not appreciate the conditions attached to Marvin 's offer , and would not negotiate .
On Mackem 's return trip a few days later , to see if Marvin would do the job with no strings attached , Marvin ordered Mackem off the camp .
Within days , Marvin 's camp was ordered closed , and when Marvin refused to close the camp without giving legal immunity to the Hoa Hoa 's that fought in his CIDG , an ARVN unit was dispatched to wipe out the entire camp .
I do n't want to give too much away , but obviously , Marvin lived to tell the tale .
LTC Marvin 's story is one of bravery and honor .
Although he did covert work which he justified at the time as doing battle in the Cold War , ultimately , he would not become a mercenary assassin , tasked with a False Flag operation which could have had consquences that the planners did not foresee ... particularly if Marvin or his team had been caught in the act , deep within Cambodian territory .
--------------------------------------------
To lend credence to Marvin 's tale , let 's look at what Sihanouk had to say about the CIA and Cambodia , from his book , " My War With the CIA " , published in 1973 * , written while Sihanouk was exiled from his own country after a coup ;
" My first experience with CIA intervention in Cambodian affairs dates back to late 1955 , when Allen Dulles , then head of the CIA visited me in Phom Penh .
Prior to this , his brother , the late John Foster Dulles , had called on me in his capacity of Head of State ... " p.75
In 1959 , a plot named after its chief conspirator was uncovered , the Dap Chhuon Plot .
Chhoun fled Cambodia after being wounded , but left incriminating evidence behind in his villa ;
" Seized also were 270 kilograms of gold in small ingots for paying agents and commando groups ...
On 26 March 1959 , I conducted a group of some twenty diplomats - including those from the United States , Soviet Union , People 's Republic of China , Britain and France - on a personal tour of the Dap Chhoun villa , so they could see for themselves .
The exhibits included all sorts of American arms - not supplied within the framework of US military ' aid ' ...
The Dap Chhoun conspiracy was based on two possibilities ; a maximum and a minimum with subordinate alternatives based on circumstances .
The maximum ... was simply to seize power in a military coup ...
The minimum possibility , the success of which the plotters seemed to have had no doubts at all , was the separation of the northern provinces from the rest of Cambodia , and their merger with the southern provinces of Laos , to form a new secessionist state which would have been immediately recognized by the USA . " p.109
Six months later , an attempt to assassinate the entire Cambodian Royal family failed , when a package traced to an Amerian military base in South Vietnam exploded in the Royal Palace ;
" Hardly had the Prime Minister entered the throne room , when there was a tremendous , shattering explosion .
Prince Vakrivan , the Chief of Protocol who opened the parcel , was killed immediately .
A hole was blown through the thick concrete floor , killing King Norodom Suramarit 's personal valet , and wouding two more .
A bomb of exceptional explosive force had been concealed in a small lacquer box , and set to go off when the wrappings were removed ...
The CIA was in the forefront , ( except , when it suited their purposes , to remain concealed ) of every plot directed against my life and my country 's integrity .
From 1954 , until diplomatic relations were broken in 1965 , my intelligence services listed twenty - seven known CIA agents registered as ' diplomats ' at the Phom Penh embassy , and the list was certainly incomplete .
They were backed up by scores of others in the Saigon and Bangkok embassies , working hand in glove with them .
For those who still question whether the USA , through the CIA , was involved in the March 18 coup , I can do no better than urge them to study the details of the Dap Chhoun plot and the lacquer - box attentat . "
pp.110-111
Here , Sihanouk notes the cases of Captains John J. McCarthy and Robert F. Marasco , also Special Forces men ;
" As for the long arm of the CIA , there was a fascinating revelation by a CIA ' Green Beret ' , Captain John J. McCarthy , Jr. , one of the accused in the case of the murder of Inchin Hai Lam , an alleged ' double agent ' of Cambodian origin in the pay of the CIA .
McCarthy resigned his commission in May 1971 , disgusted at what he had had to do - not to mention the way in which he had been treated by the US Army for having obeyed CIA orders .
He revealed at the time that he had headed a CIA team in an ' Operation Cherry ' , which involved leading a Khmer Serei unit deep into Cambodia ...
Further information about the McCarthy case was unearthed by Richard A. Fineberg , whose report was published by Dispatch News Service International ; McCarthy was accused of killing a Cambodian interpreter , who was also a member of the Khmer Serei , a secret , right - wing rebel sect headed by Thanh and reportedly financed by the CIA ...
The ex-Special Forces Officer was convicted of murder and served two years of a 20 - year sentence before his conviction was overturned on appeal in 1970 ... military officers met with members of the Khmer Serei ... at a pagoda in Saigon shortly after the agent 's death .
At that meeting , the US paid an indemnity , reportedly 25,000 dollars , to the Khmer Serei for the death of their member ...
The transcript also indicates that Project Cherry was set up to conduct incursions into Cambodia from across the South Vietnam border .
For this covert mission , the US hired Cambodian guides and interpreters , at least some of whom were members of the Khmer Serei .
During the trial , McCarthy identified the Khmer Serei as an 'organization which in effect plans the political overthrow of the Cambodian government '...
Although Project Cherry ended prior to McCarthy 's trial , Green Berets continued to conduct covert intelligence operations in Cambodia for the CIA ...
The 1969 death of another suspected double - agent employed on a secret Cambodian intelligence project caused a sensation in the press when the army attempted to court - martial the 8 Green Berets , including Col.
Robert Rheault , the commanding officer of the Fifth Special Forces in Vietnam .
The Army dropped the charges when the CIA refused to testify ...
Captain Robert F. Marasco , one of the Green Berets involved in the latter case , ran two intelligence nets in Cambodia during 1968 and 1969 .
His mission ... ranged from ' pinpointing targets ' and gathering information in Cambodia , to ' keeping tabs ' on the whereabouts of Sihanouk when the Cambodian ruler visited the countryside .
Marasco said he hired and trained Khmer Serei agents as well as other Cambodians for his missions .
- pp. 64-66
Some further general notes , ultimately lending support to Sihanouk 's notion that the coup which ousted him as Head of State was driven by the CIA ;
" From sources in the United States , I learned later that the CIA had drawn up a directive a month earlier ( August , 1969 ) recommending support for such a coup which a CIA contact on Lon Nol 's staff had promised would take place in the ' near future ' .
By the time I flew off to Hanoi , the CIA had already assured Lon Nol of their support . " p.37 " ... the actual sackings of the embassies ... was arranged through the Cambodian High Command and actually carried out by squads of military police in plain clothes under the command of Lon Nol .
Here one must note that these squads were not just military police , but there were also CIA - trained commandos recruited from the Cambodian minority in South Vietnam and brought into Phom Penh a month before the coup to serve as strom troopers for the plotters . "
pp.44-45
------------------------------------------------
Peter Dale Scott 's " The War Conspiracy " ( 1972 ) , preceded Sihanouk 's memoirs .
( Long out print , and privished when it was originally published by Bobbs - Merrill , there are rumors that it will soon be re-printed by a different company that wo n't send it " Into the Buzz - Saw " . )
Scott 's research lends support to Sihanouk 's claims , and some background to Marvin 's claims ;
President Nixon 's covert operations against Cambodia in the first year of his presidency are part of a series dating back to the era when he was Vice President .
In 1958 and 1959 the CIA financed , equipped , and advised the brief military uprising of the Khmer Serei , whose part - Vietnamese leader , Son Ngoc Thanh , had been premier of Cambodia under the Japanese .
To show CIA complicity in the uprising , Sihanouk is said to have given as evidence the fact that a political officer from the US embassy , Victor Masao Matsui , was found in the Khmer Serei rebel headquarters .
As far as I am aware , it was eleven years before this fact was even alluded to in the " responsible " US press ; South Vietnamese undercover agents who had directed the uprising subsequently explained that Matsui 's presence on the scene was only accidental .
They disclosed , however , that the CIA had financed the operation .
- Stanly Karnow , Washington Post 28 March 1970 , p. A10 . ... Throughout the 1960s the CIA in Saigon continued to use its contacts with Son Ngoc Thanh and the Khmer Serei in at least three ways : for intelligence - gathering ( in both Cambodia and South Vietnam ) , for special missions inside Cambodia , and for the recruitment and training of paramilitary forces from the large ethnic Khmer minority of the delta provinces of South Vietnam ...
Trained by US Special Forces , by the Khmer Serei , and later by Thai officers inThailand , these troops became part of the CIDG ... who were controlled ( along with US Green Berets and and the 34 - A Ops teams working against North Vietnam ) by the Saigon - based " Studies and Operations Group " ( SOG or MACSOG ) , SOC in turn reported in theory to Generals Westmoreland and Abrams ... but it is said to have reported in practice to the CIA , which originally set it up .
The US public was given a hint of the deep splits within both the US military and the intelligence communities in the wake of the two Green Beret murder scandals of 1969 ; some of the resulting leaks concerned Cambodia .
Both of the murdered agents ... had operated in Cambodia ; at least one of them ( Inchin Hai Lam ) had been a member of the Khmer Serei .
Shortly before Sihanouk 's overthrow , a New York Times report revealed that the United States had used the Khmer Serei , an organization " dedicated to the overthrow of the legitimate government of Cambodia on covert missions into that country in 1967 , according to testimony at the trial of a Green Beret captain convicted in 1968 of killing one of the members of the sect . "
1967 was the year in which Sihanouk renewed his charges that the CIA was still plotting against him , as it had in 1959 ; and the year in which Khmer Serei harrassment , especially along the Thai border , markedly increased .
The charges have been since corroborated : " A Green Beret officer says he took part in a secret mission in 1967 designed to aid in the overthrow of Cambodia 's Prince Norodom Sihanouk ...
Capt . John McCarthy ... said the clandestine operation in Cambodia was directed from South Vietnam by the Central Intelligence Agency ...
The mission was known as ' Operation Cherry ' ... and involved McCarthy , working under cover , and members of the Khmer Serei . " pp. 158-159
So as you can see , there were plenty of other incidents that followed in the wake of Marvin 's experience , but his preceded them all ... at least the ones that we publicly know of , and can document .
------------------------------------
Please help Marvin and TrineDay pay off their legal expenses , by purchasing a copy of Expendable Elite .
That way , TrineDay can continue to bring the Truth to print .
Directly from TrineDay ;
http://trineday.com/paypal_store/product_pages/eelite-pb.html
Amazon ;
http://tinyurl.com/36eneb
Youths were involved in the rioting
It happened as officers tried to speak to organisers of what is believed to have been an illegal dissident republican parade in the area .
An eyewitness said police photographed and questioned children .
PSNI Inspector Trevor McKeown said it was a known procedure for evidence to be gathered by way of photographs .
However , he said he was not aware that young children were involved in the investigation .
" Certainly we were not being heavy - handed .
We were noting names and we were gathering evidence of what exactly was going on , " he said .
" I think that rather than being heavy - handed , we did quite a good job in being able to get 41 petrol bombs off the ground ... petrol bombs are lethal weapons - they can kill somebody and burn property .
" People can fire them at us , and not necessarily hit us , but hit a house or hit a child instead . "
A police vehicle came under sustained attack from people throwing petrol bombs , bottles and containers of paint .
Police recovered 40 petrol bombs following the trouble which started at about 1500 GMT on Monday .
There were no reports of any injuries .
Two teenagers who were arrested have been released pending reports to the Public Prosecution Service .
U.S. Post Office to Enable Wholesale Surveillance of Mail
The post office is launching a new barcode on first class mail that will enable the sender to track mail through the system :
With the new bar code , companies will be able to track mail delivery and know when their customers got a bill , solicitation or product , and the Postal Service will have another way of checking that mail is being delivered on time .
Companies also will be given a chance to buy data collected by the post office that will give them insights into how customers respond to advertising and marketing .
A company , for instance , can buy a television or newspaper ad to tout a new product , follow up with an announcement in the mail and get a sense of how well the ad is connecting with customers .
So now the government will have a database of who sends mail to whom .
Of course , there ’s no discussion of this in the news article .
ETA : The plan only applies to commercial mail , like ad mailers and magazines , not to letters that individual people send each other .
Posted on February 21 , 2008 at 6:26 AM • 49 Comments
UPDATE : It is Chinese Artillery , not North Korean .
Sorry , my mistake .
Apparently those are Chinese characters in the background .
Thanks Danger Zone for the correction .
A photo in the NK AAA article I recently blogged about show AKs mounted on artillery barrels .
The theories on Military Photos . net are that they could be :
Crude Sights
Used to fire tracers
Used to fire bullets during training instead of artillery rounds to save cost .
The only other explanation I can think of is that they are just stowed away up there .
Although I do n’t see how the operators could climb up a hot barrel to fetch it during combat .
Anyone know what they are really there for ?
Marc Rich By Rich Schultz , AP CLEMENCY REQUESTS MADE TO CLINTON CLEMENCY REQUESTS MADE TO CLINTON
The documents on former president Bill Clinton 's presidential pardons released this week by the Clinton Presidential Library include scores of clemency requests for people from all walks of life .
Some examples : Former heavyweight boxing champion Riddick Bowe wrote Clinton a two - page letter seeking a pardon on a domestic violence conviction .
It was not granted .
Edward DeBartolo , former co-owner of the San Francisco 49ers football team , sought a pardon on his guilty plea related to an illegal payment he made to former Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards .
It was not granted .
Former first lady Rosalynn Carter sent Clinton a handwritten note seeking a pardon for Patricia Hearst for her role in a 1974 bank robbery while in the custody of the Symbionese Liberation Army .
It was granted .
Former president Gerald Ford sent a letter supporting a pardon for former congressman Dan Rostenkowski , D - Ill . , on a mail fraud conviction .
It was granted .
Peter Eisler , USA TODAY LITTLE ROCK  Federal archivists at the Clinton Presidential Library are blocking the release of hundreds of pages of White House papers on pardons that the former president approved , including clemency for fugitive commodities trader Marc Rich .
The archivists ' decision , based on guidance provided by Bill Clinton that restricts the disclosure of advice he received from aides , prevents public scrutiny of documents that would shed light on how he decided which pardons to approve from among hundreds of requests .
Clinton 's legal agent declined the option of reviewing and releasing the documents that were withheld , said the archivists , who work for the federal government , not the Clintons .
The decision to withhold the records could provide fodder for critics who say that the former president and his wife , Sen .
Hillary Rodham Clinton , now seeking the Democratic presidential nomination , have been unwilling to fully release documents to public scrutiny .
Officials with the presidential campaign of Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , criticized Hillary Clinton this week for not doing more to see that records from her husband 's administration are made public .
" She 's been reluctant to disclose information , " Obama 's chief strategist , David Axelrod , told reporters in a conference call in which he specifically cited the slow release records from the Clinton library .
" If she 's not willing to be open with ( voters ) on these issues now , why would she be open as president ? "
In January 2006 , USA TODAY requested documents about the pardons under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) .
The library made 4,000 pages available this week .
However , 1,500 pages were either partially redacted or withheld entirely , including 300 pages covering internal White House communications on pardon decisions , such as memos to and from the president , and reports on which pardon requests the Justice Department opposed .
In a statement , the Clinton campaign said that " all of the redactions made to the pardon - related documents were made by ( the National Archives ) . "
Former president Clinton issued 140 pardons on his last day in office , including several to controversial figures , such as commodities trader Rich , then a fugitive on tax evasion charges .
Rich 's ex-wife , Denise , contributed $ 2,000 in 1999 to Hillary Clinton 's Senate campaign ; $ 5,000 to a related political action committee ; and $ 450,000 to a fund set up to build the Clinton library .
The president also pardoned two men who each paid Sen.
Clinton 's brother , Hugh Rodham , about $ 200,000 to lobby the White House for pardons — one for a drug conviction and one for mail fraud and perjury convictions , according to a 2002 report by the House committee on government reform .
After the payments came to light , Bill Clinton issued a statement : " Neither Hillary nor I had any knowledge of such payments , " the report said .
The pardon records released by the library divulge little that might settle debate about those and other pardons .
But they do shed new light on the volume of clemency requests that former president Clinton received — and the pressures he and his staff faced as friends , advisers , political leaders and foreign heads of state weighed in to influence which petitions would be granted .
The files contain handwritten letters from several of the president 's close associates .
Former Democratic Party chairman Donald Fowler of South Carolina wrote a note seeking clemency for former congressman John Jenrette , D - S.C. , who was convicted in the 1980 Abscam sting in which FBI agents , posing as Middle Eastern businessmen , offered lawmakers bribes for political favors .
Clinton did not grant the pardon .
Most of the withheld documents , including dozens of clemency pleas sent to the president , were blocked from release under FOIA rules that protect personal privacy .
The 300 pages of internal White House documents on pardon requests were blocked under the Presidential Records Act of 1978 , which allows presidents to maintain the confidentiality of communications with their advisers for up to 12 years after they leave office .
In 2002 , Clinton sent a guidance letter to his library that urged quick release of most White House records but retained the confidentiality prerogative covering advice from his staff .
Still , Clinton said the restriction should be interpreted " narrowly " and allowed that certain records detailing internal communications could be made public if reviewed and approved for release by his designated legal agent .
Emily Robison , the library 's deputy director , said Clinton 's agent , former deputy White House counsel Bruce Lindsey , chose not to review the withheld documents .
Lindsey " was given the opportunity to look at what we withheld under the ( president 's ) guidelines , and he chose not to .
… Only Mr. Lindsey and the president have the authority to open those , " she said .
The William J. Clinton Foundation , which Lindsey helps oversee , said in a written statement that the National Archives is responsible for deciding which records are withheld under the Presidential Records Act .
Archivists were exclusively responsible for " determinations with respect to these materials , " the statement said .
Clinton 's guidance to the library goes beyond his predecessors , George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan , in urging that most of his presidential records be released quickly , according to Tom Blanton of the National Security Archive , a research institute at George Washington University that collects government records for public use .
Blanton noted that Lindsey 's refusal to review the withheld documents could be viewed as an effort to ensure the archivists ' independence .
" He 's saying the professional archivists get to make this determination ; it 's not a political determination . "
The archivists ' decision to withhold records that could be construed as confidential communications between Clinton and his advisers is more consistent with the Bush administration 's hard line on the release of White House records , Blanton said .
President Bush signed an order in November 2001 that broadened former presidents ' prerogative to block the release of internal White House records .
That order , which Bill Clinton opposed , also allows a president 's immediate family to assert the privilege .
In 2004 , Judicial Watch , a conservative public interest group , went to court to force the Bush administration to release Justice Department records on Clinton 's pardons , and a federal judge ordered that the records be opened .
But the administration , which argued that such releases would undermine a president 's ability to get confidential advice , blacked out most of the documents it made public .
Christopher Farrell , a Judicial Watch director , noted that the pardon records blocked by the library also included all Justice Department reports that were sent to Clinton with recommendations on which clemency requests he should deny .
He said it was " ridiculous " to withhold clemency petitions over privacy concerns .
" These are people who were convicted in a court , and those cases are a matter of public record . "
Enlarge By Scott Olson , Getty Images
The exterior of the Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock at the time of its opening in November 2004 .
Archivists at the library are blocking the release of hundreds of pages of White House papers .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
About 48 milliseconds after the format war was officially over , rumors started running rampant ( again ) about Blu-ray making its way over to Microsoft 's latest console .
Now , however , those rumors actually have some legs -- well , at least a leg .
According to Stan Glasgow , Sony Electronics US president , " Sony is in talks with console rival Microsoft about offering a Blu-ray drive for the Xbox 360 . "
For whatever it 's worth , the exec also noted that it was having similar discussions with Apple , which has yet to even offer a Blu-ray option on any of its machines .
Unfortunately , not a peep was uttered about potential launch dates and the like , but you can rest assured that we 'll be keeping an ear dangerously close to the ground .
[ Thanks , Andy ]
Friday , May 2 , 2008 at 1:33AM
Update : Jake in Does Django really scale better than Rails ?
thinks apps like FFS should n't need so much hardware to scale .
In a short three months Friends for Sale ( think Hot - or - Not with a market economy ) grew to become a top 10 Facebook application handling 200 gorgeous requests per second and a stunning 300 million page views a month .
They did all this using Ruby on Rails , two part time developers , a cluster of a dozen machines , and a fairly standard architecture .
How did Friends for Sale scale to sell all those beautiful people ?
And how much do you think your friends are worth on the open market ?
Site : http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=7019261521
Information Sources
Siqi Chen and Alexander Le , co-creators of Friends for Sale , answering my standard questionairre .
Virality on Facebook
The Platform
Ruby on Rails
CentOS 5 ( 64 bit )
Capistrano - update and restart application servers .
MySQL
Starling - distributed queue server
Softlayer - hosting service
Pingdom - for website monitoring
LVM - logical volume manager
Dr. Nics Magic Multi-Connections
Gem - split database reads and writes to servers
The Stats
10th most popular application on Facebook .
Nearly 600,000 active users .
Half a million unique visitors a day and growing fast .
300 million page views a month .
300 % monthly growth rate , but that is plateauing .
2.1 million unique visitors in the past month
200 requests per second .
5 TB of bandwidth per month .
2 part time ( now full time ) , and 1 remote DBA contractor .
4 DB servers , 6 application servers , 1 staging server , and 1 front end server .
- 6 , 4 core 8 GB application servers .
- Each application server runs 16 mongrels for a total of 96 mongrels . -
- 4 GB memcache instance on each application server
- 2 32 GB 4 core servers with 4 x 15 K SCSI RAID 10 disks in a master - slave setup
Getting to Know You
What is your system is for ?
Our system is designed for our Facebook application , Friends for Sale .
It 's basically Hot - or - Not with a market economy .
At the time of this
writing it's the 10th most popular application on Facebook .
Their Facebook description reads :
Buy and sell your friends as pets !
You can make your pets poke , send gifts , or just show off for you .
Make money as a shrewd pets investor or as a hot commodity !
Friends for Sale is the bees knees !
Why did you decide to build this system ?
We designed this as more of an experiment to see if we understood virality concepts and metrics on Facebook .
I guess we do . =)
What particular design / architecture / implementation challenges do your system have ?
As a Facebook application , every request is dynamic so no page caching is possible .
Also , it is a very interactive , write heavy application so scaling the database was a challenge .
What did you do to meet these challenges ?
We memcached extensively early on - every page reload results in 0 SQL calls .
We use Rail 's fragment caching with custom expiration logic mostly .
How big is your system ?
We had more than half a million unique visitors yesterday and growing fast .
We 're on track to do more than 300 million page views this month .
What is your in / out bandwidth usage ?
We used around 3 terabytes of bandwidth last month .
This month should be at least 5TB or so .
This number is just for a few icons and XHTML / CSS .
How many documents , do you server ?
How many images ?
How much data ?
We do n't really have unique documents ... we do have around 10 million user profiles though .
The only images we store are a few static image icons .
How fast are you growing ?
We went from around 3 M page views per day a month ago to more than 10 M page views a day .
A month before that we were doing 1 M page views per day .
So that 's around a 300 % monthly growth rate but that is plateauing .
On a request per second basis , we get around 200 requests per second .
What is your ratio of free to paying users ?
It 's all free .
What is your user churn ?
It 's around 1 % per day , with a growth rate of 3 % or so per day in terms of installed users .
How many accounts have been active in the past month ?
We had roughtly 2.1 million unique visitors in the past month according to Google .
What is the architecture of your system ?
It 's a relatively standard Rails cluster .
We have a dedicated front end proxy balancer / static web server running nginx , which proxies directly to 6 , 4 core 8 GB application servers .
Each application server runs 16 mongrels for a total of 96 mongrels .
The front end load balancer proxies directly to the mongrel ports .
In addition , we run a 4 GB memcache instance on each application server , along with a local starling distributed queue server and misc background processes .
We use god to monitor our processes .
On the DB layer , we have 2 32 GB 4 core servers with 4 x 15 K SCSI RAID 10 disks in a master - slave setup .
We use Dr Nic 's magic multi-connection 's gem in production split reads and writes to each
box .
We are adding more slaves right now so we can distribute the read load better and have better redundancy and backup policies .
We also get help from Percona ( the mysqlperformanceblog guys ) for remote DBA work .
We 're hosted on Softlayer - they 're a fantastic host .
The only problem was that their hardware load balancing server does n't really work very well ... we had lots of problems with hanging connections and latency .
Switching a dedicated box running just nginx fixed everything .
How is your system architected to scale ?
It really is n't .
On the application layer we are shared - nothing so it 's pretty trivial .
On the database side we 're still with a monolithic master and we 're trying to push off sharding for as long as we can .
We 're still vertically scaled on the database side and I think we can get away with it for quite some time .
What do you do that is unique and different that people could best learn from ?
The three things that are unique is -
1. Neither of the two developers in involved had previous experience in large scale Rails deployment .
2 . Our growth trajectory is relatively rare in the history of Rails deployments
3 . We had very little opportunity for static page caching - each request does hit the full Rails stack
What lessons have you learned ?
Why have you succeeded ?
What do you wish you would have done differently ?
What would n't you change ?
We learned that a good host , good hardware , and a good DBA are very important .
We used to be hosted on Railsmachine , which to be fair is an excellent shared hosting company and they did go out of there way to support us .
In the end though , we were barely responsive for a good month due to hardware problems , and it only took two hours to get up and running on Softlayer without a hitch .
Choose a good host if you plan on scaling , because migrating is n't fun .
The most important thing we learned is that your scalability problems is pretty much always , always , always the database .
Check it first , and if you do n't find anything , check again .
Then check again .
Without exception , every performance problem we had can be traced to the database server , the database configuration , the query , or the use and non-use of indices .
We definitely should have gotten on to a better host earlier in the game so we would have been up .
We definitely would n't change our choice of framework - Rails was invaluable for rapid application development , and I think we 've pretty much proven that two guys without a lot of scaling experience can scale a Rails app up .
The whole ' but does Rails scale ? ' discussion sounds like a bunch of masturbation - the point is moot .
How is your team setup ?
We have two Rails developers , inclusive of me .
We very recently retained the services of a remote DBA for help on the database end .
How many people do you have ?
On the technical side , 2 part time ( now full time ) , and 1 remote DBA contractor .
Where are they located ?
The full time employees are also located in the SOMA area of San Francisco .
Who performs what roles ?
The two developers server as co-founders .
I ( Siqi ) was responsible for front end design and development early on , but since I had some experience with deployment I also ended up handling network operations and deployment as well .
My co founder Alex is responsible for the bulk of the Rails code - basically all the application logic is from him .
Now I find myself doing more deep back end network operations tasks like MySQL optimization and replication - it's hard to find time to get back to the front end which is what I love .
But it 's been a real fun learning experience so I 've been eating up all I can from this .
Do you have a particular management philosophy ?
Yes - basically find the smartest people you can , give them the best deal possible , and get out of their way .
The best managers GET OUT OF THE WAY , so I try to run the company as much as I can with that in mind .
I think I usually fail at it .
If you have a distributed team how do you make that work ?
We 'd have to have some really good communication tools in the cloud - somebody would have to be a Basecamp nazi .
I think remote work / outsourcing is really difficult - I prefer to stay away with from it
for core development .
For something like MySQL DBA or even sysadmin - it might make more sense .
What do you use ?
We use Rails with a bunch of plugins , most notable cache - fu from Chris Wanstrath and magic multi connections from Dr. Nic .
I use VIM as the editor with the rails.vim plugin .
Which languages do you use to develop your system ?
Ruby / Rails
How many servers do you have ?
We now have 12 servers in the cluster .
How are they allocated ?
4 DB servers , 6 application servers , 1 staging server , and 1 front end server .
How are they provisioned ?
We order them from Softlayer - there 's a less than 4 hour turn around for most boxes , which is awesome .
What operating systems do you use ?
CentOS 5 ( 64 bit )
Which web server do you use ?
nginx
Which database do you use ?
MySQL 5.1
Do you use a reverse proxy ?
We just use nginx 's built in proxy balancer .
How is your system deployed in data centers ?
We use a dedicated hosting service , Softlayer .
What is your storage strategy ?
We use NAS for backups but internal SCSI drives for our production boxes .
How much capacity do you have ?
Across all of our boxes we probably have around ... 5 TB of storage or
thereabouts .
How do you grow capacity ?
Ad-hoc .
We have n't done a proper capacity planning study , to our detriment .
Do you use a storage service ?
Nope .
Do you use storage virtualization ?
Nope .
How do you handle session management ?
Right now we just persist it to the database - it would be fairly easy to use memcache directly for this purpose though .
How is your database architected ?
Master / slave ?
Shard ?
Other ?
Master / slave right now .
We 're moving towards a Master / Multi - slave with a read only load balancing proxy to the slave cluster .
How do you handle load balancing ?
We do it in software via nginx .
Which web framework / AJAX Library do you use ?
Rails .
Which real - time messaging frame works do you use ?
None .
Which distributed job management system do you use ?
Starling
How do you handle ad serving ?
We run network ads .
We also weight our various ad networks by eCPM on our application layer .
Do you have a standard API to your website ?
Nope .
How many people are in your team ?
2 developers .
What skill sets does your team possess ?
Me : Front end design , development , limited Rails .
Obviously , recently proficient in MySQL optimization and large scale Rails deployment .
Alex : application logic development , front end design , general software engineering .
What is your development environment ?
Alex develops on OSX while I develop on Ubuntu .
We use SVN for version control .
I use VIM for editing and Alex uses TextMate .
What is your development process ?
On the logic layer , it 's very test driven - we test extensively .
On the application layer , it 's all about quick iterations and testing .
What is your object and content caching strategy ?
We cache both in memcache with no TTL , and we just manually expire .
What is your client side caching strategy ?
None .
How do you manage your system ?
How do check global availability and simulate end - user performance ?
We use Pingdom for external website monitoring - they 're really good .
How do you health check your server and networks ?
Right now we 're just relying on our external monitoring and Softlayer 's ping monitoring .
We 're investigating FiveRuns for monitoring as a possible solution to server monitoring .
How you do graph network and server statistics and trends ?
We do n't .
How do you test your system ?
We deploy to staging and run some sanity tests , then we do a deploy to all application servers .
How you analyze performance ?
We trace back every SQL query in development to make sure we 're not doing any unnecessary calls or model instantiations .
Other than that , we have n't done any real benchmarking .
How do you handle security ?
Carefully .
How do you decide what features to add / keep ?
User feedback and critical thinking .
We are big believers in simplicity so we are pretty careful to consider before we add any major features .
How do you implement web analytics ?
We use a home grown metrics tracking system for virality optimization ,
and we also use Google Analytics .
Do you do A/B testing ?
Yes , from the time to time we will tweak aspects of our design to optimize for virality .
How is your data center setup ?
Which firewall product do you use ?
Which DNS service do you use ?
Which routers do you use ?
Which switches do you use ?
Which email system do you use ?
How do you handle spam ?
How do you handle virus checking of email and uploads ?
Do n't know to all of the above .
How do you backup and restore your system ?
We use LVM to do incrementals on a weekly and daily basis .
How are software and hardware upgrades rolled out ?
Right now they are done manually , except for new Rails application deployments .
We use capistrano to update and restart our application servers .
How do you handle major changes in database schemas on upgrades ?
We usually migrate on a slave first and then just switch masters .
What is your fault tolerance and business continuity plan ?
Not very good .
Do you have a separate operations team managing your website ?
Oh we wish .
Do you use a content delivery network ?
If so , which one and what for ?
Nope
What is your revenue model ?
CPM - more page views more money .
We also have incentivized direct offers through our virtual currency .
How do you market your product ?
Word of mouth - the social graph .
We just leverage viral design tactics to grow .
Do you use any particularly cool technologies are algorithms ?
I think Ruby is pretty particularly cool .
But no , not really - we 're not doing rocket science , we 're just trying to get people laid .
Do your store images in your database ?
No , that would n't be very smart .
How much up front design should you do ?
Hm .
I 'd say none if you have n't scaled up anything before , and a lot if you have .
It 's hard to know what 's actually going to be the problem until you 've actually been through and see what real load problems look like .
Once you 've done that , then you have enough domain knowledge to do some actual meaningful up front design on our next go around .
Has anything surprised your either for the good or bad ?
How unreliable vendor hardware can be , and how different support can be from host to host .
The number one most important thing you will need is a scaled up dedicated host who can support your needs .
We use Softlayer and we can't recommend them highly enough .
On the other hand , it 's surprising how far just a master - multislave setup can take you on commodity hardware .
You can easily do a Billion page views per month on this setup .
How does your system evolve to meet new scaling challenges ?
It does n't really , we just fix bottle necks as they come and we see them coming .
Who do you admire ?
Brad Fitzpatrick for inventing memcache , and anyone who has successfully horizontally scaled anything .
How are you thinking of changing your architecture in the future ?
We will have to start sharding by users soon as we hit database size and write limits .
Their Thoughts on Facebook Virality
Facebook models the social graph in digital form as accurately and completely as possible .
Social graph is more important that features .
Facebook enables rapid social distribution of new applications through the social graph .
Your application idea should be : social , engaging , and universal .
The social aspect makes it viral .
Engaging makes it monetizable .
Universal gives it potential .
Friends for Sale is social because you are buying and selling your social graph .
It 's engaging because it 's a twist on an idea , low pressure , flirty , and a bit cynical .
It 's universal because everyone is vain , has a price , and wants to flirt with hot people .
Every touch point in the application is a potential for recruiting new users .
Every user converts 1.4 other users which is the basis for exponential growth .
For every new user track the number of invites , notifications , minifeed items , profile clicks , and other channels .
For every channel track the percent clicked , converted , uninstalls .
Lessons Learned
Scaling from the start is a requirement on Facebook .
They went to 1 million pages / day in 4 weeks .
Ruby on Rails can scale .
Anything scales on the right architecture .
Focus on architecture and operations .
You need a good DBA , good host , and good well configured hardware .
With caching and the heavy duty servers available today , you can go a long time without adopting more complicated database architectures .
The social graph is real .
It 's truly staggering the number of accessible users on Facebook with the right well implemented viral application .
Most performance problems are in the database .
Look to the database server , the database configuration , the query , or the use and non-use of indexes .
People still use Vi !
I 'd really like to thank Siqi taking the time to answer all my questions and provide this fascinating look in to their system .
It 's amazing what you 've done in so little time .
Excellent job and thanks again .
I once went almost five days without sleep in 1996 just to see 1 ) if I could make a week ( I could n’t ) , and 2 ) what the side - effects would be .
I was a new neuroscience major at Princeton at the time and hoped to do research with famed serotonin pioneer , Barry Jacobs .
Hallucinations cut my sleep deprivation trial short , but I ’ve continued to experiment with sleep optimization and variation as a means of improving performance .
Here are a few effective techniques and hacks I ’ve picked up over the last five years from sources ranging from biochemistry PhDs to biologists at Stanford University …
1. Consume 150 - 250 calories of low - glycemic index foods in small quantities ( low glycemic load ) prior to bed .
Morning fatigue and headache is n’t just from sleep debt or poor sleep .
Low blood sugar following overnight fasting is often a contributing factor .
Just prior to bed , have a small snack such as : a few sticks of celery with almond butter , a mandarin orange and 5 - 8 almonds , or plain low - fat ( not fat - free ) yoghurt and an apple .
Ever wonder how you can sleep 8 - 10 hours and feel tired ?
This is part of the explanation .
Make a pre-bed snack part of your nutritional program .
1 - 2 tablespoons of flaxseed oil ( 120 - 240 calories ) can be used in combination with the above to further increase cell repair during sleep and thus decrease fatigue .
It tastes like a mixture of cat urine and asparagus , so I recommend pinching your nose while consuming it — thanks Seth Roberts , PhD. for this tip — or using capsules .
2 . Use ice baths to provoke sleep .
Japanese have longer lifespans that do most other ethnicities .
One theory has been that regular ofuro or hot baths at bedtime increase melatonin release , which extends lifespan .
Paradoxically , according to the Stanford professors who taught Bio 50 , cold is actually a more effective signaller for sleep onset , but it could have no relation to melatonin production .
I decided to test the effect of combining 10 - minute ice baths , timed with a countdown kitchen timer , one hour prior to bed ( closer to bed and the adrenergic response of noradrenalin , etc. wo n’t allow you to sleep ) with low - dose melatonin ( 1.5 – 3 mg ) on regulating both sleep regularity and speed to sleep .
The icebath is simple : 2 - 3 bags of ice from a convenience store ( $ 3 - 6 USD ) put into a half - full bath until the ice is about 80 % melted .
Beginners should start with immersing the lower body only and progress to spending the second five minutes with the upper torso submerged ( fold your legs Indian - style at the end of the tub if you do n’t have room ) .
I ’ll talk about the fat - loss and sperm - count benefits of this in future post .
The result : it ’s like getting hit with an elephant tranquilizer .
Do n’t expect it to be pleasant at first .
3 . Eating your meals at set times can be as important as sleeping on a schedule .
People talk a lot about circadian ( circa dia = approximately one day ) rhythms and establishing a regular sleep schedule , but bedtime timing is just one “ zeitgeber ” ( lit : time giver ) , or stimulus that synchronizes this biorhythm ( like pheromones and menstrual cycle ) .
Eating meals at set times helps regulate melatonin , ghrelin , leptin , and other hormones that affect sleep cycles .
Other “ zeitgebers ” for sleep include melatonin , light , and temperature .
Parting suggestion :
Get a sleep mask if you have any degree of light in your bedroom .
4. Embrace 20 - minute caffeine naps and ultradian multiples .
Test “ caffeine naps ” between 1 - 3 pm .
Down an espresso and set your alarm for no more than 20 minutes , which prevents awakening in the middle of a restorative sleep cycle .
Interrupting cycles often leaves you feeling worse than no sleep ( though some researchers assert your performance will still improve in comparison with deprivation ) .
For longer naps , test multiples of 90 minutes , which is called an “ ultradian ” rhythm in some papers , though the proper term should be “ infradian ” since it ’s less than 24 hours .
Thomas Edison , despite his vocal disdain for sleep and claim to sleep only four hours per night , is reported to have taken two three - hour naps daily .
Do n’t forget to factor in your time - to - sleep .
It often takes me up to an hour to fall asleep , so I ’ll set my alarm for seven hours ( ( 4 x 90 minutes ) + 60 - minute time - to - sleep ) .
5 . Turn off preoccupation with afternoon closure and present - state training .
I have — as do most males in my family — what is called “ onset insomnia . ”
I do n’t have trouble staying asleep , but I have a difficult time falling asleep , sometime laying awake in bed for 1 - 2 hours .
There are two approaches that I ’ve used with good effect without medications to address this :
1 ) Determine and set a top priorities to - do list that afternoon for the following day to avoid late - night planning , 2 ) Do not read non-fiction prior to bed , which encourages projection into the future and preoccupation / planning .
Read fiction that engages the imagination and demands present - state attention .
Recommendations for compulsive non-fiction readers include Motherless Brooklyn and Stranger in a Strange Land .
—
From fat - loss ( leptin release decreases with sleep debt ) to memory consolidation , sleep is the currency of high - performance living .
Have you taken time to master it like a skill ?
Here are a few questions for the researchers among you :
- What is the fastest way to pay off sleep debt ?
- Can you eat more food — or protein specfically — to compensate for sleep deprivation ?
To what degree ?
- How do side - effects of ongoing melatonin use compare to drugs like Ambien ?
- What is the interplay of the hypothalamus and RAS ( reticular activating system ) ?
- Does insulin sensitivity change between waking and sleep cycles ?
How ?
- Can coffee and its effects on adenosine affect sleep depth or length ?
Sweet dreams .
###
Most Popular and Related Posts :
How to Lose 20 lbs. of Fat in 30 Days … Without Doing Any Exercise
From Geek to Freak : How I Gained 34 lbs. of Muscle in 4 Weeks
How to Travel the World with 10 Pounds or Less ( Plus : How to Negotiate Convertibles and Luxury Treehouses )
The Art of Letting Bad Things Happen ( and Weapons of Mass Distraction )
How to Outsource the Inbox and Never Check Email Again
How to Learn ( But Not Master ) Any Language in 1 Hour
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
Halo frags are like snowflakes - each one is unique and beautiful in its own special way .
Some kills , however , are a hell of a lot more special than others .
If you watched our first or second Craziest Stunt collections , you know exactly what we mean .
Some players snipe ; others snipe through two heads simultaneously .
Some players hijack a vehicle ; others hijack a Banshee in midair after leaping out of a Warthog ( also in midair ! )
Some players die ; others kill themselves spectacularly with orange traffic cones or elaborate Mouse Trap - like death machines .
Here are the latest additions to that elite and extraordinary Hall of Fame .
If you know of others , including your own greatest hits , send us a link at halo@gamesradar.com .
WHEEL OF DESTRUCTION :
Do the Halo 3 maps contain a single object that can't be transformed into a deadly weapon ?
We never saw this one coming ... and neither does the victim in the clip .
Brutal and beautiful .
RETURN TO SENDER : Yes , you can actually catch a plasma grenade and deliver it back to the enemy who originally threw it .
How , you ask ?
Like this .
SPARTAN VS WARTHOG : Like machinima , this clip tells a story .
But the hilarious , tragicomic events that unfold could never have been scripted ( we think ) .
Plus , twist ending !
Elliot Spitzer Resigns in Prostitution Ring Scandal
James Joyner · · 24 comments
New York Governor Elliot Spitzer is “ involved ” in a prostitution ring .
Details are still sketchy .
Gov. Eliot Spitzer has informed his most senior administration officials that he had been involved in a prostitution ring , an administration official said this morning .
Mr. Spitzer , who was huddled with his top aides inside his Fifth Avenue apartment early this afternoon , had hours earlier abruptly canceled his scheduled public events for the day .
He had scheduled an announcement for 2:15 this afternoon after inquiries from the Times .
But his appearance was delayed by at least 45 minutes .
Mr. Spitzer , a first - term Democrat who pledged to bring ethics reform and end the often seamy ways of Albany , is married with three children .
Just last week , federal prosecutors arrested four people in connection with an expensive prostitution operation .
Administration officials would not say that this was the ring with which the governor had become involved .
But a person with knowledge of the governor ’s role said that the person believes the governor is one of the men identified as clients in court papers .
The governor ’s travel records show that he was in Washington in mid-February .
One of the clients described in court papers arranged to meet with a prostitute who was part of the ring , the Emperors Club VIP on the night of Feb. 13 . Mr. Spitzer appeared on a CNBC television show at 7 a.m. the next morning .
Later in the morning , he testified before a Congressional committee .
Aside from a general sense that chief executive officers ought to obey the laws they ’re charged with enforcing and that married men ought to be faithful to their wives , I really do n’t care much about this story .
The interesting angle , really , is the
hypocrisy bit :
Spitzer has built his political legacy on rooting out corruption , including several headline - making battles with Wall Street while serving as attorney general .
He stormed into the governor ’s office in 2006 with a historic share of the vote , vowing to continue his no -nonsense approach to fixing one of the nation ’s worst governments .
Time magazine had named him “ Crusader of the Year ” when he was attorney general and the tabloids proclaimed him “ Eliot Ness . ”
But his stint as governor has been marred by several problems , including an unpopular plan to grant driver ’s licenses to illegal immigrants and a plot by his aides to smear Spitzer ’s main Republican nemesis .
Spitzer had been expected to testify to the state Public Integrity Commission he had created to answer for his role in the scandal , in which his aides are accused of misusing state police to compile travel records to embarrass Senate Republican leader Joseph Bruno .
Having only cursory knowledge of the two scandals , the misuse of the powers of office to harass a political opponent strikes me as more problematic than patronizing prostitutes .
More commentary will follow if the story develops into something more interesting .
Other reax :
Marc Ambinder notes “ Spitzer is a Clinton superdelegate . ”
Flip Bidot entitles his post “ From Troopergate To Shtupergate ”
Steve Benen : “ [ I ]t ’s hard to believe brilliant people in positions of responsibility could be this stupid and this self - destructive .
And yet , here we are . ”
Jon Henke wonders if it is n’t time to change the laws .
Sean Hackbarth : “ The man who demagogued his way to the governor ’s mansion on the backs of Wall Street firms ends up in deep doo - doo . ”
Will Bunch : “ WNBC - TV says prosecutors have text messages from Spitzer ( no link yet ) .
On MSNBC , there ’s also talk that this prostitution ring is linked to a probe of the Gambino crime family — still , just wow . ”
Bob Owens :
“ It remains to be seen what political impact this breaking development will have , but all snark aside , my thoughts and prayers go out to his daughters — I think they are teenagers — and his wife . ”
UPDATE : Various reports have Spitzer resigning .
Headline changed accordingly .
Developing .
CNBC reports that , “ If Eliot Spitzer resigns , he would be succeeded by Lt. Governor David A. Paterson , who would become New York ’s first African American governor and the first who is legally blind . ”
UPDATE : Fox ’s report on Spitzer ’s resignation , “ Sources : Spitzer to Resign Following Reports of ‘ Involvement ’ With Prostitution Ring , Faces Indictment , ” is the most cited .
Thus far , however , no confirmation .
His presser was oblique :
Gov. Eliot Spitzer , accused in news reports of being involved in a prostitution ring , apologized to his family and the public on Monday at a hastily called news conference .
He did not elaborate on the story .
With his wife at his side , Spitzer told reporters that he “ acted in a way that violates my obligations to my family . ”
“ I have disappointed and failed to live up to the standard I expected of myself , ” he said .
“ I must now dedicate some time to regain the trust of my family . ”
The “ private matter ” bit is straight out of Bill Clinton ’s playbook .
UPDATE : A well placed source tells me that Spitzer will announce his resignation at 7 Eastern this evening .
UPDATE : As of 8 Tuesday morning , Spitzer has not made public any intention to resign .
UPDATE : Eliot Spitzer Resigns .
Finally .
For Real This Time .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Now it 's Google 's turn to be hounded by an upstart .
Facebook , the popular social networking site , has lured top Google executive Sheryl Sandberg to serve as its chief operating officer .
Sandberg , who ran Google 's online sales unit , is the first senior executive to jump from Google 's management team to another company .
George Reyes , Google 's chief financial officer , announced his retirement in August , but is staying on until a successor is named .
News of Sandberg 's exit comes amid a steady drop in Google shares .
Since hitting a high of $ 747 in December , Google shares have dropped 41 % as the days of hyper growth appear to have ended for the Net colossus .
Sandberg 's move to the No. 2 job at Facebook was first reported by Kara Swisher on her BoomTown blog , which is run by The Wall Street Journal , and confirmed by Fortune 's GoWest blogger Adam Lashinsky .
At Google , Sandberg ran the automated advertising operations for the search giant , the unit responsible for a large part of the company 's profits and revenue .
Sandberg is expected to apply her deep operations skills to Facebook and transform the social networking site into a full - fledged business .
She replaces Owen Van Natta , who announced his exit last month .
" The focus for Facebook is scaling , " Sandberg said in an interview Tuesday .
" That 's what I 've done at Google .
Another similar challenge is building an advertising network , which I also did at Google . "
Facebook has become the leading challenger to MySpace the online social networking unit of News Corp ( NWS , Fortune 500 ) .
Facebook was founded by Mark Zuckerberg , who is also chief executive .
This is n't the first time Facebook has raided Google .
In the last seven months , it brought in Gideon Yu , the former chief financial officer of YouTube , a Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) unit , as its CFO .
Facebook also nabbed Benjamin Ling , the engineer credited with creating Google Checkout , to run its software platform .
Sandberg joined Google in 2001 , three years before it went public .
Senior writer Adam Lashinsky and writer - reporter Yi- Wyn Yen contributed to this report .
The US military has issued a warning notice barring flights above a large area of the northern Pacific for two and a half hours early on Thursday morning .
The stricken spy satellite marked for destruction by US warships will pass over the taped - off area just at this time , indicating that the first shot will take place then .
The NOTAM ( NOTice To AirMen ) warning reads :
02/062 ( A0038/08 ) - AIRSPACE CARF NR .
90 ON EVELYN STATIONARY RESERVATION WITHIN AN AREA BNDD BY 3145N 17012W 2824N 16642W 2352N 16317W 1909N 16129W 1241N 16129W 1239N 16532W 1842N 17057W 2031N 17230W 2703N 17206W SFC - UNL .
21 FEB 02:30 2008 UNTIL 21 FEB 05:00 2008 .
CREATED : 18 FEB 12:51 2008
A " CARF " ( Central Altitude Reservation Function ) designation indicates a NOTAM intended to keep commercial and private flights clear of military operations , and SFC - UNL means the height band of this warning zone reaches from the surface to " unlimited " altitude - in other words all the way into space .
The UTC time referred to is the same as UK time , so the zone exists from 0230 to 0500 on Thursday morning for British readers .
The latitudes and longitudes can be plotted with the crippled spy sat 's ground track overlaid , which has been done by satellite watcher Ted Molczan in handy pdf form here .
Those running Google Earth can get a better look using this kmz file , compiled by Molczan 's fellow sky - watcher Alan Clegg from the pdf .
As will be evident , the barred area is a cool 1,400 miles long and nearly 700 miles wide at the surface , giving the US Navy plenty of elbow room to fire their interceptor missiles up into the descending spacecraft 's path .
Reports have it that three US Aegis air - defence warships , the cruiser Lake Erie and the destroyers Decatur and Russell , will be waiting for the satellite west of Hawaii .
Each ship carries a specially modified Standard SM - 3 interceptor , originally intended for defence against lower - flying ballistic missile warheads .
The three interceptors are on separate ships in case of a technical issue with the Aegis radar and fire - control system .
As it passes over the firing area , the satellite will be approximately 3,000 miles and ten minutes out from the western coast of Canada , the next land it will pass over .
The satellite has much more mass than the soaring " exo-atmospheric kill vehicle " it will smack into , so this gives some idea of the onward track the wreckage might follow in the event of a hit .
The Pentagon believes most of the resulting debris from a successful shot will burn up soon afterwards , and almost all should be gone within " two orbits " .
Boosters and other gubbins from the interceptors will presumably fall within the ocean NOTAM area .
The firing area seems to have been chosen so as to minimise the chances of debris falling anywhere other than in the ocean or North America , which could lend credence to the idea that the intercept is primarily aimed at safeguarding the satellite 's technology . ®
Onageristic speculation [ Feb. 12th , 2008 | 10:26 am ] pozorvlak
I 'm going to make what should be an uncontroversial statement : if you do n't understand and use monads , you are at best a quarter of a Haskell programmer .
A corollary of this is that , since using monad transformers is the only ( or at least the approved ) way to use two or more monads together , if you do n't understand and use monad transformers you are at best half a Haskell programmer .
[ Another corollary is that I am , at best , about an eighth of a Haskell programmer : though I understand monads well on a theoretical level , I invariably emerge defeated from any attempt to bend them to my will . ]
But we 'll come back to that later .
Something I 've been thinking about for a while is this whole business of designing languages to make programs shorter .
There are two factors here , of which only one has a good name that I 'm aware of : so let 's say that a language is terse if its tokens are short ( \ instead of lambda , for instance ) , and concise if it requires few tokens to express the same algorithm .
As antonyms , let 's take sesquipedalian and verbose 1 : so a language is sesquipedalian if all its tokens are long ( call - with - current - continuation instead of call / cc ) , and verbose if it requires more tokens than usual to express algorithms on average .
Terseness depends to an extent on the programmer , but most languages have community norms about whether you should call your variables loopCounter or i , and these are usually influenced by the keywords of the language itself .
These axes are independent :
Perl is terse and fairly concise , Common Lisp ( and to some extent Haskell ) is sesquipedalian and concise , C is terse and verbose , and Java ( everyone 's favourite whipping boy ) is sesquipedalian and fairly verbose ( but nothing like as badly as , say , COBOL ) .
Python is approximately as concise as Perl , but less terse .
It 's often remarked that APL , J etc are extremely terse ; what 's often overlooked is that they 're also extremely concise .
In my recent post about code - walking in various languages , the K solution was the shortest , even after the tokens were written out as full words to correct for the effects of terseness .
This is fairly typical , in my limited experience .
That 's an interesting data point - it would be interesting to know why .
Let 's compare them to some other concise languages to see if there 's a common theme .
The two concise languages that immediately spring to ( my ) mind are Lisp and Smalltalk 2 .
What makes them concise ?
The obvious answer is " metaprogramming " , for which Lisp and Smalltalk are famous , but there 's another answer : they 're both monistic languages .
In Smalltalk , everything is an object .
In Lisp , everything ( well , almost everything ) is an s-expression .
And it works for the APL family too : in APL , everything is an array 3 .
This means that you 're dealing with a monoid of types and functions rather than a category , and monoids are much easier to deal with .
My guess is that that makes it a lot easier to come up with a small , orthogonal , reusable set of operators , out of which your programs can be constructed simply .
If the function you need is in the standard library , you do n't have to write it .
Now compare that with a language like Pascal : up until a minute ago , the type you 're using did n't exist , so you need to write all the code to manipulate it .
And since it 's a one - off , you 're probably not going to spend the time polishing your operator set until it 's optimal 4 .
Is monistic design always a good thing ?
No - think about B , which had only one type ( the machine word ) .
Representing all your data as raw machine words was , by all accounts , a pain in the neck , which is why C was developed .
But representing your data as s-expressions or arrays or objects is usually fairly easy .
From this point of view , the concision of the APL family is not a mystery : Iverson chose a highly expressive basic structure for his single type , and a damn - near - optimal set of operators for it .
I actually have a paper sitting in my " to read " folder called " About the Completeness of APL " : not completeness in the sense of Turing completeness , but in the sense that any generic folding / spindling / mutilating of arrays can be expressed as a finite sequence of APL operators ( I do n't know if , or how , that 's a stronger result than Turing completeness , which is why the paper 's in my " to read " folder ) .
Of course , no single choice of data representation can be the One True Thing : sometimes you really do want a hash rather than an alist , or a record with named slots rather than a pair of arrays .
But a good choice can get you a long way , and a language that makes the right things easy and the rest at least possible is a major win .
Let 's think about Perl .
Everything is a scalar .
Unless it 's an array .
Or a hash .
Or a glob .
OK , that 's four types : we can live with that .
And globs are pretty rare anyway .
We can set up a reasonable category of basic operators shuffling between three points , and the extra representational flexibility is handy .
Note , incidentally , that Paul Graham has gone down this route with Arc , which has built - in hashes ( which always seemed like second - class citizens in previous Lisps - correct me if I 'm wrong , please ) .
Now let 's think about Haskell again .
At first sight , Haskell falls into the Pascal trap : programmers are encouraged to declare their own types for everything , and strong typing and lack of reflection makes it hard to write generic operators that work for many types 5 .
And yet the language is fairly concise .
Huh ?
Is everyone just ignoring " good " practice and doing everything with lists , like they were using a crippled version of Lisp ?
Well , yes , and it 's noticeable how good Haskell 's list - manipulation libraries are , but there 's more to it than that .
Here 's what I think is going on .
Like I said above , you are at best a quarter of a Haskell programmer if you do n't understand and use monads .
But what is a monad ?
Well , as a category theorist 6 I think of monads as ( a generalisation of ) algebraic theories - that is , as APIs ( I have a post about this idea half - written ) .
As a programmer , the interesting thing about monads is not that you can swap them in and out when you want to change your model of computation half - way through development ( I 'd love to hear of even a single case where that 's happened ) - it 's the fact that you can write useful utilities like seq and liftM2 and friends , that work across all monads .
A simple , orthogonal , highly reusable set of operators , abstracted across APIs .
So I think the Haskell people are doing something very interesting : they 've pushed the monism up a level .
Everything is a List or a Maybe or an IO or a Hoojimaflip or an AquaTeenHungerForce or whatever : but all of those things are monads .
So you get the orthogonality benefits of monism , without the loss of representational flexibility .
You have to write a bit more code when you declare your datatypes , but maybe this can be a good trade - off .
An onager , by the way , is a wild ass .
Geometry and Topology research group , and not the algebra research group as I 'd always assumed - apparently universal algebra is now considered a branch of geometry !
For the viewers of Turkmenistan 's popular nightly news programme , Vatan , it was another routine bulletin .
But as the newsreader began the 9pm broadcast , viewers across the central Asian country spotted something unusual crawling across the studio table : a large brown cockroach .
The cockroach managed to complete a whole lap of the desk , apparently undetected , before disappearing .
The programme , complete with cockroach , was repeated at 11 pm that night .
It was only at 9 am the following day that horrified officials from Turkmenistan 's ministry of culture discovered the cockroach 's guest appearance .
And that , perhaps , should have been the end of the matter , the mildly entertaining footage being consigned to the occasional airing by the Turkmenistan equivalent of Denis Norden on a telly bloopers show .
But the consequences of this particular cockroach 's impromptu five minutes of fame were immediate and severe .
The country 's president , Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov , took news of the insect so badly that he responded by firing no fewer than 30 workers from the main state TV channel , the news website Kronika Turkmenistan reported yesterday .
Before the cockroach debacle , Berdymukhamedov had instructed Turkmenistan 's minister of culture , Gulmurat Muradov , to revamp the country 's Soviet - era TV channel .
However , a new ministerial supervisory committee founded to carry out this task only worked 9am to 6 pm - allowing the cockroach to make its audacious run undetected .
Berdymukhamedov became leader of the oil - rich former Soviet republic in December 2006 , following the sudden death of Turkmenistan 's longstanding and flamboyantly authoritarian ruler Saparmurat Niyazov , who also had run-ins with state TV executives .
Several executives were sacked after drunken technicians failed to screen the new year 's address to the nation by Niyazov .
They eventually managed to get the bulletin on air at 3am .
Those sacked in the cockroach debacle included journalists , directors , camera operators , and technical staff , the website reported .
Yesterday nobody from the Turkmen embassy in Moscow was available for comment .
Berdymukhamedov has been credited with improving relations with the west , and embarking at home on a series of mild liberal reforms .
He has announced the opening of internet cafes in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan 's capital , and reintroduced foreign languages to the school curriculum .
Last March the president restored pensions to more than 100,000 elderly citizens and in January he reversed another of his predecessor 's more bizarre bans - on opera and ballet performances .
" Our flourishing nation should not stand separate from the world , " Berdymukhamedov told state - run television .
He added : " It absolutely should have a worthy operatic theatre and a worthy state theatre . "
The first opera would be performed in six or seven months , he suggested .
Berdymukhamedov has moved to end Turkmenistan 's isolation from the rest of the world in other ways too .
He has overseen attempts to attract larger numbers of foreign tourists to Turkmenistan , including the building of a multibillion pound tourist resort on the Caspian Sea .
The president has also dropped in on Washington .
Berdymukhamedov 's apparent dislike of cockroaches may have something to do with his previous career as a dentist .
He graduated from Turkmenistan 's state medical institute in 1979 , completing a PhD in medical sciences in Moscow , and working as a dentist from 1980 to 1995 .
In December 1997 he was appointed minister for health .
Most read Roach notes
· 4,500 cockroach species have been classified , but there are thought to be at least twice as many species yet to be discovered around the world
· Despite the belief cockroaches would be the only survivors of nuclear war , being 15 times more resistant to radiation than humans , other insects such as fruit flies can survive even higher doses
· A cockroach will live after decapitation for several weeks before starving to death ; the severed head survives several hours
· The world 's largest species is the wingless Australian rhinoceros ( Macropanesthia rhinoceros ) , weighing up to 33.5 gms and up to 90 mm in length
John McCain thinks he's hit on a good strategy for the upcoming Presidential campaign : make fun of scientists .
WEST GLACIER , Mont . --
If you 've heard Sen .
John McCain 's stump speech , you 've surely heard him talk about grizzly bears .
The federal government , he declares with horror and astonishment , has spent $ 3 million to study grizzly bear DNA .
" I do n't know if it was a paternity issue or criminal , " he jokes , " but it was a waste of money . "
A McCain campaign commercial also tweaks the bear research : " Three million to study the DNA of bears in Montana .
Unbelievable . "
Three million whole dollars !
Just think what we could do with so much money .
The Washington Post article goes on to note , what should come as no surprise to anyone reading here , that the grizzly bear study is actually very interesting and worthwhile science .
The researchers , led by Katherine Kendall of the U.S. Geological Survey , performed the first accurate survey of grizzlies in the Northern Continental Divide ecosystem .
They discovered the happy news that this formerly endangered species had substantially rebounded , thanks in part to three decades of conservation efforts .
The kind of thing that you actually have to go out and collect data to discover .
Completely beside the point of course .
John McCain does n't care about grizzly bears one way or the other , and to him 3 million dollars is chump change .
What he cares about his the symbolism -- enough to highlight it in his stump speech and TV commercials .
McCain is tapping into a deep strain of anti-intellectualism among American voters .
Some of us tend to take for granted that questions about the workings of the natural world should be addressed by scientists using scientific methods , and that attacks on science must be motivated by external forces such as economic or religious interests .
What scientists tend to underestimate is the extent to which many people react viscerally against science just because it is science .
Or , more generally , because it is seen as part of an effort on the part of elites to force their worldview on folks who are getting along just fine without all these fancy ideas , thank you very much .
In the old - time ( 1980 's ) controversies about teaching creationism in schools , pre-Intelligent - Design , one of the most common arguments was that school boards should have " local control " over the curriculum .
Defenders of evolution replied that this was clearly a ruse to disguise a religious anti-science agenda .
Which may have been true for some of the national organizations behind the movement ; but for many school boards and communities , it really was about local control .
They did n't want to be told what to teach their kids by some group of coastal elitists with Ph.D.s , and creationism was a way to fight back .
Do n't believe me ?
They are happy to tell you so to your face .
Consider the case of John Derbyshire , columnist for the National Review Online .
Derbyshire is admittedly a complicated case , on the one hand writing books about the Riemann hypothesis and on the other proudly proclaiming that he reads Blondie and Hagar the Horrible for " insights into the human condition . "
And he is also generally pro-science and pro-evolution in particular .
But nevertheless -- despite the fact that he is smart and educated enough to understand that evolution is " right " in the old - fashioned sense of right and wrong -- he will state explicitly ( and quote himself later in case you missed it ) that
I could n't care less whether my president believes in the theory of evolution .
In fact , reflecting on some recent experiences , I 'm not sure that I would n't prefer a president who did n't .
[ Emphasis in original . ]
And why is that ?
I wrote a whole blog post explaining why it is important that the President understand and accept the workings of the natural world , but obviously Derbyshire disagrees .
The reason why is that scientific understanding is too often the bailiwick of elite leftist snobs .
Possibly as a result of having grown up in the lower classes of provincial England , I detest snobbery .
I mean , I really , viscerally , loathe it .
This is one reason I hate the Left so much ...
Invited to choose between having my kids educated , my car fixed , or my elderly relatives cared for by ( a ) people of character , spirit , and dedication who believe in pseudoscience , or ( b ) unionized , time - serving drudges who believe in real science , which would I choose ?
Invited to choose between a president who is ( a ) a patriotic family man of character and ability who believes the universe was created on a Friday afternoon in 4,004 B.C. with all biological species instantly represented , or ( b ) an amoral hedonist and philanderer who " loathes the military " but who believes in the evolution of species via natural selection across hundreds of millions of years , which would I choose ?
Are you kidding ?
The real point is not who you would choose in such a situation -- it's that Derbyshire sincerely believes that these are the kinds of choices one typically needs to make .
One the one hand : character , spirit , dedication , and pseudoscience .
On the other : amoral , hedonistic drudges ( sic ) who believe in real science .
Derbyshire is not alone .
Conservative commentator Tom Bethell has published a Politically Incorrect Guide to Science in which he takes down such Leftist conspiracies as evolution , global warming , AIDS research , and ( um ) relativity .
At Tech Central Station , Lee Harris pens a passionate defense of being stupid more generally :
Today , no self - respecting conservative wants to be thought stupid , not even by the lunatics on the far left .
Yet there are far worse things than looking stupid to others — and one of them is being conned by those who are far cleverer than we are .
Indeed , in certain cases , the desire to appear intelligent at all costs can be downright suicidal ...
In a world that absurdly overrates the advantage of sheer brain power , no one wants to be seen as a member in good standing of the stupid party .
Yet stupidity has been and will always remain the best defense mechanism against the ordinary conman and the intellectual dreamer , just as Odysseus found that stuffing cotton in his ears was his best defense against beguiling but fatal song of the sirens .
Again : most sensible conservative commentators are quick to say " of course , all things being equal , it 's better to be correct / intelligent / scientific than otherwise . "
But they truly do n't believe that all things are equal .
The real fight is n't against science , it 's a much broader culture war .
Science is being used as a stand - in for a constellation of things against which many Americans react viscerally -- elitism , paternalism , snobbery .
Presenting better science and more transparent evidence is n't going to change this attitude all by itself .
We need to address the underlying cause : the relic anti-intellectual attitude that still animates so many people in this country .
The grizzly bears will thank you .
" Let me know Your enormity , and my tininess
Help me see Your infinity and my finite - ness "
- Mike Doughty , His Truth Is Marching On
The Spirituality of Narcissism .
The Secret .
It 's all the rage .
The book and movie have garnered the enthusiasm of millions .
Everyone from Oprah to Montel is extolling Rhonda Byrne 's spiritual juggernaut .
The premise of The Secret is simple ;
The power of attraction .
Like attracts like .
What we think , what we feel , acts as a magnetic signal , attracting its correlate from the Universe .
The Secret says our thoughts and feelings manifest that which we desire .
In fact , according to the teachers of the Secret , this works 100 % of the time , for 100 % of the people who use it .
The Universe responds to our wishes , providing whatever we desire .
This is because " we create our own reality " , and The Secret says science confirms this .
As with most things , The Secret is a Good news / Bad news scenario .
First , the good news .
The secret is ( partly ) true .
Our thoughts and feelings are of consequence , and positive thinking and feeling can significantly characterize our experience of reality , even influence the way reality unfolds .
The Secret cites everyone from Martin Luther King to Einstein as examples of people who knew - and employed - The Secret .
Martin Luther King had a dream .
Einstein said God does n't play dice .
And so on .
The Secret uses valid ( but partial ) suppositions such as :
Our thoughts and feelings are powerful
and inflates them to a Kosmic ( and false ) scale , giving us :
Our thoughts are the most powerful things on Earth .
The secret takes a statement like
Thought can influence reality
and amplifies it to " Thoughts create reality . "
Not just any thoughts , but YOUR thoughts .
( By the way , are you a rape victim ?
I guess you created that reality with your thoughts .
Was your family member killed in Iraq ?
I guessed you created that experience for yourself so you could learn from it .
Wow .
You are one sadistic cat . )
The Secret takes a truth like
The Self is one with the Universe ,
and then immediately inserts the wrong self ;
The Ego .
Throughout , The Secret conflates ego ( the frontal structure , personality ) with Self ( an unbounded , unlimited reality which transcends but includes all qualities ) .
In doing so it engineers an unabashed Spiritual Narcissism .
Ego is God .
The vicissitudes of your ego , its preferences , its unresolved cravings , become the vestments in a regressive ritual .
See ?
It 's MAGIC .
You caste a spell , voila ' , the Universe responds .
Cuz you 're God .
Why exactly an entity that IS everything would need more is not clear , why a Divine Being that is all powerful would need to appeal to another power is perplexing , but ..
To cement this Kosmic Delusion , The Secret hypnotically repeats " The Universe " and " Your thoughts , your feelings " until the two are braided into a phantasm that places your Ego squarely in the Center of Reality , in control of all that comes in and out of being .
What do you want to do with your Divine Power ?
Free all sentient beings ?
Awaken every sister and brother from the Dream ?
Dissolve the source of suffering ?
No .
You want cars .
And girlfriends , and boyfriends , and a new red bike and a big new house .
The Secret snags the self by flattering it into masquerading as the Self .
As an egomaniac , I can attest to the efficacy of that strategy .
And also to its disastrous results .
Allow me to pause for a confessional tangent .
Before you think I am positioning myself as some spiritual fundamentalist who thinks materialism is bad and " spirituality " is good , let me set things straight .
Me , Stuart Davis ?
I LOVE money .
I LOVE sex .
I want a new house .
I 'll take a shiny red bike .
I want to be rich , powerful , and successful .
And I do not apologize to anyone for that .
I think the ego is good , I think it 's games are legitimate and should be engaged .
You know what else ?
I want YOU to be rich .
I want YOU to be successful , powerful , and have every wish in the circus of your imagination brought into reality .
As long as we 're not hurting anyone else , I say let 's go to town .
I am the first to stand up and shout " THE EGO IS NOT EVIL !!
THE EGO IS NOT BAD !!
IT HAS GOTTEN A RAW DEAL FROM SPIRITUALITY !
LET THE EGO BE WHAT IT ITS !!! "
In fact , the ego is quite literally one of the most astonishing miracles to occur in the history of Universe .
No joke .
Celebrate it .
It 's time we ended the spiritual war with the ego , include it as another facet of the Beauty in our Being .
Why would we leave anything out ?
The self counts .
The ego matters .
I also have to say :
The ego is not the Self .
The Secret is selling tools that supposedly fulfill wishes , dreams , desires .
But WHOSE wishes ?
What LEVEL of desire ?
What DEPTH of dream ?
Well , here 's what sucks about The Secret :
There are many levels of self , but only one which THINKS , and that 's the Ego .
Thinking , feeling , thinking , feeling , these two conductors are the hub for all The Secret espouses , and sadly thoughts and feelings ( while important and valid ) come from an extremely shallow dimension of the self .
Because of this , the Secret deeply , sadly , entangles us further into suffering instead of liberating us from it .
The source of suffering is delusion - the illusion of separateness .
It gives rise to craving , longing , desire .
It 's the illusion that we lack something that sends us on the Odyssey of Acquisition .
The Secret gives us a cure that 's worse than the disease .
Its cure for craving is controlling craving .
Its solution to hunger is famine .
The Secret speaks to materialism , narcissism , and other afflictions of self by sanctifying them , exalting them .
Rather than liberate us from the Source of Suffering , The Secret reenforces it .
It anchors us in the shallowest level of our self ( the Ego ) and consecrates its preferences , its fantasies .
When someone asks you what you want , before you answer , ask yourself
What level of me are they asking ?
What level of me am I going to respond from ?
If I had all the power to wish for anything in the Universe , what would I wish for ?
Who am " I " anyway ?
It is dangerous to insert the ego in the place of the Self - the highest Self , the deepest Self , the one that is without a beginning or end .
The ego - the subject - is a boundary .
It identifies itself by what is inside or outside of it .
Whatever is outside of the subject is an object .
The small self is a dynamic aggregate of qualities and preferences , locating itself anew in each moment through a calculus of these subject / object distinctions ( I am this , I 'm not that , I like this , I do n't like that , I want this , I do n't want that , this is me , that is not ) .
The self depends entirely on boundaries .
Self , on the other hand , has no boundary .
Self has no " other " .
It can not be reduced to any particular qualities or characteristics , but all qualities and characteristics rise and fall within it .
Self includes vertical and horizontal coordinates that stretch as deep and wide as the Universe itself .
It is true that all Reality arises from and dissolves into the Self .
Not the ego , not the personality , not an individual , but the Self - the Groundless Ground of all Reality .
The ego is defined by preferences , identified by desires , determined by boundary .
The Self has no preferences , no desires , no lack , no inside , no outside .
It includes all preferences , but is not defined by them .
Desire arises within it , but it is not identified with it .
Every imaginable boundary forms and dissolves within the Self , but never parses its not - two not - one Nature .
This Self - entire seen and unseen Kosmos - is the native endowment of every human being .
Our greatest depth is without bottom .
The good news :
You can have your cake and eat it too .
You do n't have to disown your self to be your Self .
You have an ego .
You are the Universe .
But do n't confuse the two , and do n't let anyone else confuse them for you .
I have an ego , and it has desires , and it's healthy and appropriate for that level of my being to seek fulfillment .
My thoughts are powerful , and my feelings matter .
But the Universe does not reconfigure reality to accomodate the personal preferences of my ego , my frontal structure , every time an impulse comes through my reptilian brain stem .
That is not just narcissism , its KOSMIC narcissism , and that is what the Secret is selling .
Kosmic narcissism , spiritual materialism of the WORST kind .
First , by ensnaring me in my own ego with the promise of release , liberation from desire ( while addicting me to it ) and second by getting me to forfeit my Self for my self .
Since my ego is now Divine , since my frontal structure is now Infinite - Stuart Davis is God - why on Earth would I ever bother with finding my Self ?
Actual awakening requires real development , years , decades of practice and evolution .
Continually moving my Subject through ever - expanding , ever - inclusive transformations takes TIME and TROUBLE .
Of course there is no such thing as time , but authentically realizing that takes time .
Of course there is no such thing as suffering , but profound recognition of that Fact is exquisitely painful .
Authentic spirituality is not a vending machine that spits out cars , lovers , and shiny red bikes .
It is not a wand we can wave to avert discomfort , or acquire power .
Actual awakening increases intimacy with all suffering ( and bliss ) , everywhere , without exception .
It does not remove struggle , but increases our devotion to and stewardship of all Reality .
Again , to be clear : I , Stuart Davis , want to be rich .
I want to be comfortable .
I want lots of Prada shoes .
Hell , as long as my cravings are satisfied , I want that for everyone .
That 's not bad .
I do not apologize for that , and this is not hyperbole .
But call a spade a spade .
I work with my ego , but I do n't presume the Universe is reinventing itself moment to moment in order to comply with the minutia of my needy personality .
There is the self , and then there is the Self .
I go to my therapist for one , I go to the Point of All Places for the other .
I , the Self , which also includes Stuart but is not defined by him , was here before Stuart was born , and will be here after he dies .
The Self is the end of Suffering , and operates through all discrete agents as a means to Awakening to Reality as it Is .
I am that Self .
I am radical , absolute freedom .
Incorruptible .
Immutable .
Every imaginable thing is that Self , equally without exception .
But not all things equally realize that .
Not all beings are equally awake .
There is development .
There is evolution toward what already Is .
The Self is absolute freedom .
The self is relative delusion .
The Secret is appealing to the relative self and pretending it's the absolute Self .
The Secret crowns the Ego as God ( I mean , YOU create Reality , is n't that amazing ?
YOUR THOUGHTS are INFINITELY influential ) , then makes two disastrous leaps .
#1 , Now that you know YOU create your own reality through the spiritual enterprise that is " thinking , feeling " , what do you , the Creator , want to create with your thoughts ?
Wealth .
Money , power , influence , status , and the luxury afforded the elite who amass fortunes .
The Secret will teach you how .
Odd , is n't it , that your self is so spiritual and powerful , but what it chooses to Attract with its
Law is money , houses , lovers .
Not the liberation of all sentient beings , not relief for every creature , not the cessation of that which is the Source of Suffering ( clutching , desire , greed arising from the illusion that there is an " other " ) , but a refinement of the Source of Suffering .
A manipulation of it .
The Secret turns Desire and Clutching into a technology you can wield , AND its Spiritual !
The cure is worse than the disease .
# 2 , Since YOU create your own Reality ( Oprah went to pains to stress and emphasize this point , and had Rhonda explicitly confirm precisely that phrase " we create our own reality " ) you are responsible as the Source of whatever arises in your Reality .
Every thing in your experience , you created ( merely using thoughts and feelings !
Wow ) .
Many of you reading this right now may be astonished to finally understand you gave yourself cancer .
You caused yourself to be raped , robbed , murdered , stricken with every malady in the canon of illness , beset with each kind of strife imaginable .
The Holocaust ?
Just something Jews brought on themselves , as they each apparently created their own Reality .
The Rape of Nanking ?
Bad Chinese , with their bad thoughts and feelings , simply created their own reality and thus caused the unspeakable murder of 350,000 innocent children , women , and men .
Weird , the Reality people create for themselves , ain't it ?
Of course , it 's hard to overstate how cruel and insulting such a notion is .
The impossibly sick premise that people in such situations create their own Reality is so obviously wrong , so self - evidently false to our basic intuition , that we can almost laugh it off .
I mean , we could if Oprah - perhaps the most influential woman in the Western World - had n't gone to pains to repeatedly emphasize and confirm it with Rhonda Bynre to an audience of tens of millions .
Tens of millions of people who literally orient their lives according to these sorts of " discoveries " .
There are not just many levels of smaller self ( the ego is but one ) , but different spheres , or dimensions .
The Secret is not only selling a shallow dimension of self , but it is also only acknowledges one aspect of self .
The Secret is working in one realm ( interior individual ) .
And it actually does a useful thing in that realm .
Positive thought is important .
We can change the way in which our thoughts and feelings symbiotically produce healthier behavior .
That 's good .
But there is so much more to the story .
We have an inside , and an outside .
We are individuals , and we are also social beings .
These realms are all part of who we are .
All four realms come together at once , they tetra-arise as Reality .
No one domain " creates " the others .
Each is indispensible .
The interior of an individual ( where thought occurs ) does have correlates in the exterior of the individual ( manifest as measurable biological change ) .
We are beings with an inner and an outer worlds .
But Reality is not composed of individuals .
We are also collective beings , with shared interiors , or inter-subjective domains .
Such as culture , collective consciousness , and all that goes with the inner World of We .
That shared inner world is complemented by the outer world , the inter - objective domain of Nature , the biosphere , and all that can be seen and observed in corporeal form .
These FOUR domains :
* The Interior of an Individual ( where thought occurs , for instance )
* The Exterior of an Individual ( the body , what can be measured and seen objectively )
* The Interior of the Collective ( Culture , invisible features of mutuality , inter- subjective social )
* The Exterior of The Collective ( Biosphere , planet , infrastructure , the inter - objective realm )
While The Secret promotes itself as the magic wand for everything , it actually deals with one part of one realm , and misrepresents itself while doing it ( by substituting self for Self ) .
To claim any one of them " creates " the other is a disaster , and unfortunately fairly common occurance .
Any time you find a discipline which FOCUSES on a particular domain ( which is good ) you find it is tempted or seduced into claiming that ONE quadrant is the only " real " one , or the only " true " one , or the only important one ( which is bad ) .
That is another of The Secret 's defects ..
It takes one realm , one perspective ( The Interior of an Individual ) and claims it creates all the others .
Wow .
YOU , your thoughts , create your body .
And the biosphere , and the entire culture , and history of the planet , origin of species , all the cities you could visit , all the planets in the Galaxy , all the Galaxies , all the ... and so on .
And its wrong .
Sorry .
Your thoughts , your feelings , while being important and valuable , are but two coordinates in one Quadrant .
Your thoughts and feelings are not the Source of Reality , but two of its features .
You do not " create " your reality , you participate in it , and in certain circumstances , under particular conditions , you can influence it .
And it is good and useful to cultivate that influence , to positively nurture those portions as much as possible , in the interest of love .
Rhonda Byrne 's Secret is bad Self - Help masquerading as mysticism .
Broadly , " spirituality " can mean anything .
So when we say spirituality , what level of spirituality are we talking about ?
What altitude of awareness are we coming from , what level of " spirit " are we referring to ?
I 'm not saying The Secret is not spiritual .
I 'm saying it 's a very low - level of spirituality masquerading as a high one .
What it uses as enticements ( become wealthy , get a better job , get a lover ) are very telling .
It is appealing to a person 's desire to attain , acheive , and better their personal station .
It is promising you a better STORY .
And that is indeed one altitude of spirituality .
But it 's the bottom , and inflating it can end up keeping people stuck in the cycle of suffering even longer .
Because the self is addicted to its STORY .
The Self is the end of all stories .
Now contrast The Secret with The Mystery .
The Mystery , to me , includes all four domains ( inner , outer , individual , collective ) and does not privilege one over the other .
It engages them as tetra-arising .
It includes them as inextricably inter -woven , yet distinct in important ways .
The Mystery includes every altitude in every domain , and values each of them , but also understand their differences .
The Mystery includes every methodology , every ontology or Way of Knowing , but it also understands what they do , and what they do n't do .
The Secret is but a method , and it will not set you free from The Story .
In fact , it will probably suck you deeper into it .
It promises money , power , increased attraction , and tells you it is " spiritual " practice .
Your story could become so comfortable , why would you ever forfeit it ?
Here is an important question :
What level of YOU wants to get rich ?
What altitude of YOU wants a new house , a better lover , an improved Story ?
Here 's what I feel is a healthier approach .
Use the right tool for the right job .
The right decoy for the right level .
I think it is GOOD to improve our financial station .
I think it is GOOD to have an exciting love life .
That 's why I have a financial advisor .
That 's why I see a therapist .
I need to work on my self .
I want to improve my relative reality .
But I do n't need to invoke " the Universe " or quantum mechanics or magical - narcissistic mysticism to do so .
That 's tremendously misguided .
Want to find your Self ?
See Swami Sally .
Want to get a new house ?
A better blow job ?
See Suze Ormon and Dr Ruth .
Stop it with this Secret delusion .
It 's offensive and detrimental to our work in the Mystery .
Perhaps worst of all , until we are truly FREE - free from the Source of Suffering , free from desire , clutching , the assault of our false identities and all their Stories - until we are that FREE , we cannot really be available to help others become FREE .
And that my friends , is the hokey pokey .
DIGG THIS
The gutter press is desperate to turn Heath Ledger ’s death into a sex scandal rather than a mere sad accident .
Thus , the gossip writers remind us again and again that Diana Lee Wolozin — the masseuse who found Mr. Ledger ’s body — used Ledger ’s cell phone to call his friend Mary - Kate Olsen several times before she called 911 .
The implication of this — the UK ’s Telegraph tells us in so many words — is supposed to be that if only Ms. Wolozin had not “ wasted time ” calling the former infant star of Full House instead of 911 , then Mr. Ledger might still be alive .
But even if she had dialed 911 first and paramedics had come immediately , that would be a dubious allegation .
Mr. Ledger is estimated to have died some twenty minutes before his masseuse arrived — so the chances of him being revived were slim indeed .
In any event , Ms. Wolozin may have had sound reasons to call Ms. Olsen rather than 911 , thanks to government policies that tend to discourage anyone from calling 911 .
For one , there ’s the fact that calling 911 does n’t necessarily bring the fastest results — and does n’t guarantee any results .
As Richard W. Stevens ’s book Dial 911 and Die illustrates with example after example , countless people have been killed by violent criminals because they relied on 911 instead of taking matters into their own hands with a firearm .
When you dial 911 , police and paramedics are free to ignore your pleas .
If they dawdle or choose not to come at all , they wo n’t be held liable .
California ’s Supreme Court has said so in as many words , as have other courts .
The U.S. Supreme Court has held that you have no individual right to police protection ( let alone help from the paramedics ) even though you pay taxes and even though protection of your life is the main theoretical justification for government ’s existence .
When Ms. Olsen received the masseuse ’s call , she immediately sent her own private security team to Ledger ’s apartment .
Press accounts leave the precise timeline murky , but there is no question that Ms. Olsen ’s private team arrived on the scene at least as soon as , and maybe even before , the 911 - dispatched team .
Unfortunately , Mr. Ledger died anyway — but this still illustrates that the choice to call for private help first was n’t unreasonable .
Another reason why Ms. Wolozin may have been reluctant to call 911 is because that would necessarily involve a surrender of her client ’s privacy , an issue about which celebrities like Mr. Ledger are understandably highly sensitive .
Calling 911 makes the details of your emergency — possibly every word you say in an extremely stressful situation — a public record , subject to endless radio and TV broadcasts .
Reports say Ms. Wolozin thought Mr. Ledger was unconscious , not dead — so it ’s quite reasonable that she would n’t have wanted him to come to and find himself embroiled in a tabloid scandal thanks to her 911 - tape blabbing .
People also might not be eager to call 911 because it may cause them to be prosecuted for some victimless crime .
For example , Mr. Ledger ’s bedroom apparently was strewn with various pills .
We still do n’t know ( and I do n’t much care ) why Mr. Ledger had the pills .
Ms. Wolozin likely did n’t know either .
Under Supreme Court precedent , anything the authorities see in plain view in your house is subject to seizure without a warrant and can be used against you .
So we can understand why many people who have an emergency related to illegal drugs would be reluctant to call for government help — and how needless death could result from this .
Incidentally , Ms. Wolozin allegedly was a victimless criminal , too : as the sharp legal minds at US magazine inform us , Ms. Wolozin apparently lacked a license to be a professional masseuse , which is a felony in New York .
That is , of course , ridiculous .
You do n’t need such a license under California law , and amateur massage - giving runs rampant in California , New York , and everywhere else with few fatal results .
New York ’s law exists only to benefit established massage - givers at the expense of would - be competitors — and now gives Ms. Wolozin one more headache , thanks to US , which dutifully notified the authorities of her alleged infraction .
The gossip rags ’ attempts to smear and destroy Ms. Wolozin because of her reaction under tragic circumstances are exceptionally unfair and mean - spirited , even by their already - low standards .
Moreover , the idea that calling 911 first is always the right answer is simple - minded and , in some situations , could prove deadly .
This is not to say that you should n’t call 911 in a life - threatening emergency — but you ca n’t count on it to save you , either .
And thanks to government ’s ever - increasing intrusions on voluntary , victimless conduct , it might cause you even more problems than you had in the first place .
So it ’s best to be prepared to respond to emergencies in alternative ways , in addition to calling 911 .
As for me , if I knew Mary - Kate Olsen and my life was on the line , I ’d call her first , too .
The Best of Jacob Huebert
Gansu protesters tore up China 's flag and raised the Tibetan one
Protesters in China
More than 100 people have turned themselves in to police following anti-China riots in Tibet 's main city , Lhasa , Chinese state media have said .
Harsh punishment had been threatened if they failed to meet a Monday deadline .
Reports have emerged of other protests in Chinese provinces bordering Tibet , including Tibetans tearing down a Chinese flag in Gansu province .
UK PM Gordon Brown said China 's Premier Wen Jiabao had told him he was open to a dialogue with the Dalai Lama .
Also on Wednesday , the Tibetan spiritual leader asked Tibetan activists not to undertake a controversial march from India to Lhasa .
Olympics vow The Tibet regional government said 105 protesters had handed themselves over to police by 2300 ( 1500 GMT ) on Tuesday , state - run news agency Xinhua reported .
The premier told me that , subject to two things ... he would be prepared to enter into dialogue
Gordon Brown
Tibet kept on torch route Crackdown on the news Lama 's birthplace blocked All had been involved in " beating , smashing , looting and arson " , the agency quoted Baema Chilain , vice - chairman of the regional government , as saying .
Serious unrest was reported in provinces close to Tibet with large ethnic Tibetan populations .
Video has emerged from nearby Gansu province showing Tibetans tearing down a Chinese flag and replacing it with a Tibetan flag .
Hundreds of protesters can be seen on foot and horseback in Tuesday 's incident at a school near Hezuo , captured by a Canadian film crew .
TIBETAN PROTESTS
Tibet : Protests began in Lhasa on 10 March , dozens reported dead over weekend Gansu : Unrest spread to Machu , where Tibetan government in exile says 19 died , and near Hezuo , where protesters were filmed tearing down Tibetan flag Sichuan : Reports of riots and casualties in Aba , and of unrest in other locations Qinghai :
Other unrest reported
The demonstrators tried to march on a government building before security forces used tear gas to stop them , reports from the scene said .
The India - based Tibetan Centre for Human Rights and Democracy said three people had been killed by security forces in Garze , Sichuan province .
The group said hundreds of people had taken to the streets with banners calling for Tibetan independence .
The Chinese government and rights groups have provided radically different accounts of the past week 's unrest .
The Tibetan government in exile in India says 99 people have now died in clashes with security forces - including 80 in Lhasa .
But Chinese officials say only 13 people died - and they were killed during riots by Dalai Lama supporters .
Foreign journalists have not been allowed into Lhasa and information is tightly controlled , making it difficult to verify either of these claims .
Olympic torch China 's handling of the Tibet issue is being watched closely by world leaders in the run-up to the Beijing Olympics .
TIBET DIVIDE China says Tibet was always part of its territory Tibet enjoyed long periods of autonomy before 20th century 1950 : China launched a military assault Opposition to Chinese rule led to a bloody uprising in 1959 Tibet 's spiritual leader the Dalai Lama fled to India
Accounts from Tibet Send us your comments
Tibet adds to Olympic woes Officials said on Wednesday that the Olympic torch - which will be carried across China ahead of the Games - will still go through Tibet despite the current troubles .
It is due to be carried to the top of Mount Everest in May , and to pass through Lhasa in June .
Gordon Brown told the UK parliament Mr Wen had told him there could be dialogue with the Dalai Lama under certain conditions .
" The premier told me that , subject to two things that the Dalai Lama has already said - that he does not support the total independence of Tibet and that he renounces violence that he would be prepared to enter into dialogue , " Mr Brown said .
He said he had told Mr Wen the violence must end .
Chinese officials have been engaged in on - off contacts with Tibetan exiles for 30 years but the last talks were in July last year .
Dalai Lama appeal Mr Brown also said he would meet the Dalai Lama during a visit to London in May , a move China would certainly oppose .
ALLEGED SICHUAN SHOOTINGS
Tibetan activists say Chinese troops shot indiscriminately ( Warning : Graphic content )
In pictures : Shooting claims
The Dalai Lama has told groups organising the controversial march from India to Lhasa that he feared there would be clashes with Chinese troops on the border .
Tenzin Taklha , a senior aide , said : " His Holiness appealed to [ them ] to end their protest march to Tibet . "
Protests began on 10 March , on the anniversary of a Tibetan uprising against Chinese rule , and gradually escalated .
BBC correspondents say there has been a significant increase in the number of military convoys heading into Tibet from neighbouring regions .
An eyewitness told the BBC there had been a military build - up in the city of Aba , which has seen large - scale protests in recent days .
The witness said it was in a " curfew - like " situation .
China says
Tibet has always been part of its territory but Tibet enjoyed long periods of autonomy before the 20th Century and many Tibetans remain loyal to the Dalai Lama , who fled into exile in India in 1959 .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
WASHINGTON - Rep. Pete DeFazio , D - Ore. , officially joined a small but persistent group of Democrats Wednesday calling for a robust investigation into the tenure of Vice President Dick Cheney as a possible prelude to impeachment .
DeFazio agreed to sign a letter circulated by Rep. Bob Wexler of Florida who has been relentlessly driving the so - far unsuccessful effort to boot Cheney from office .
Wexler is backing his demands by orchestrating a petition drive aimed at showing public demand for investigating Cheney .
The focal point of that effort is a website that allows anyone to sign the impeachment petition .
So far he has 227,000 signatures .
`` The charges against the vice president relate to the core actions of this Administration , its unlawful behavior and its abuse of power , '' Wexler wrote in a letter to House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers .
`` As you know , the charges against Vice President Cheney include providing Congress and the American people false intelligence leading up to the Iraq war , the revelation of the identity of a covert agent for political retaliation , and the illegal wiretapping of American citizens , '' says the letter , which was signed by Wexler , DeFazio and 13 other lawmakers .
DeFazio , who has been a frequent critic of the administration , said he had remained largely on the sidelines of the impeachment debate until now because it was centered in the Judiciary Committee of which he is not a member .
But Wexler circulated the current letter more broadly , allowing members like DeFazio and opportunity to official voice their concerns .
Even so , DeFazio is n't quiet as absolute as Wexler , who has been calling for impeachment for months .
DeFazio said in an interview that he supports aggressive oversight hearings into questions surrounding Cheney 's performance but is withholding calls for impeachment until a case is made .
``I have said I want to have the most aggressive oversight ... regarding malfeasance by this administration , '' DeFazio said .
``Cheney is the pivot point to the most nefarious practices of this administration . ''
Despite Wexler 's persistence and DeFazio 's seniority , it is unlikely that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi will allow impeachment activities .
She has said repeatedly and consistently that impeachment ``is off the table '' because it would get in the way of other priorities facing Congress .
-- Charles Pope
By Eileen Sullivan , Associated Press Writer
The Federal Emergency Management Agency misspent millions of dollars it received from selling used travel trailers , government investigators have found .
Instead of buying more trailers — as allowed under the law — FEMA used more than $ 13 million toward fully loaded sport-utility vehicles , travel expenses and purchase card accounts , according to a draft report by the Homeland Security Department ’s inspector general obtained by The Associated Press .
The report is to be released Friday .
During its three - month review last summer , the inspector general found that FEMA used some of the proceeds from trailer sales for tree - removal services , agency decals and banners and global positioning systems .
FEMA spokesman James McIntyre said the agency discovered these problems on its own and has taken steps to fix them .
( Original Article )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Exxon Mobil Corp XOM.N said on Friday record oil prices propelled its quarterly and yearly profits to the highest - ever levels by a U.S. company .
An Exxon Mobil employee is seen in a handout photo .
REUTERS / Exxon Mobil / Handout
Chevron Corp CVX.N , the second - largest U.S. oil company , also posted an enormous profit in the quarter as crude prices , which reached more than $ 99 a barrel during the period , outweighed its relatively weak refining profits .
Exxon , the world ’s largest oil company not run by a state , fourth - quarter net income rose nearly 14 percent to $ 11.66 billion , or $ 2.13 a share , from $ 10.25 billion , or $ 1.76 a share , in 2006 .
Analysts , on average , were expecting earnings of $ 1.98 per share .
“ They performed across the board , upstream , downstream , U.S. and foreign , ” said James Halloran , who helps manage about $ 35 billion at National City Private Client Group .
Revenue in the quarter rose 30 percent to $ 116.64 billion .
For the year , the company pulled in $ 404.55 billion , slightly larger than the 2006 gross domestic product of Turkey , the world ’s 17th largest economy .
The company ’s full - year earnings of $ 40.61 billion set a new record for U.S. profits -- beating out its own previous mark for 2006 .
U.S. oil prices averaged more than $ 90 a barrel during the quarter and nearly hit $ 100 due to tight supplies , geopolitical risks and the weak dollar .
They averaged just over $ 60 a barrel in the same period a year earlier .
Oil companies around the world have ridden the multiyear energy boom to record levels of profitability .
Royal Dutch Shell RDSa.L on Thursday posted a $ 27.6 billion profit in 2007 -- the largest ever profit by a European company .
But their swelling coffers have attracted unwanted attention from politicians , who have characterized the companies as opportunists and suggested taking back lucrative tax breaks .
Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama said Exxon ’s profit was a sign that the U.S. economy is “ out of balance . ”
“ Exxon Mobil posted record profits at 11 billion dollars this quarter alone at a time when families are struggling ... to fill up their gas tanks , ” he told reporters in Los Angeles .
CHEVRON PROFIT RISES , PRODUCTION OUTLOOK WEAK
Chevron ’s net income rose to $ 4.88 billion , or $ 2.32 a share , from $ 3.77 billion , or $ 1.74 a share , last year .
Analysts had expected the company to earn $ 2.30 a share .
Sales in the quarter rose to $ 59.9 billion from $ 46.24 billion last year .
Chevron ’s earnings for its exploration and production segment rose 66 percent to $ 4.84 billion , but profit from its refining , marketing and transportation business was off nearly 79 percent to $ 204 million .
Profit margins from refining were relatively weak in the quarter as gasoline prices failed to keep pace with oil prices that soared to record levels .
The San Ramon , California , company said its production fell about 1.6 percent to 2.61 million barrels of oil equivalent per day .
Chevron cut its 2008 production forecast and said its 2007 reserve replacement rate would be low , as high oil prices took a bite out of expected production from international projects .
The company expects production in 2008 to rise about 1.2 percent to 2.65 million barrels of oil equivalent per day , assuming an average oil price of $ 70 a barrel .
It had previously forecast production of around 2.8 million barrels of oil equivalent a day , but at a lower average oil price .
Chief Financial Officer Steve Crowe said that 95,000 to 100,000 barrels per day of the cut was due to major project delays .
Chevron also said its 2007 reserve replacement rate would be in the range of 10 percent to 15 percent .
Reserve replacement rate calculates what percentage of the oil produced over the year the company replaced through exploration or acquisitions .
Crowe said the reserve replacement rate was hurt by the high year - end oil prices used to calculate the figure , sales of projects and timing of various large projects .
Exxon also had some difficulty with production .
Quarterly production rose 1 percent as increased volume from projects in Qatar and the North Sea offset OPEC quota effects , production sharing agreements and lost oil from assets that were taken over by Venezuela .
“ A lot of these larger oil companies are challenged to grow production .
That ’s one of the reasons that oil prices are n’t necessarily expensive at $ 90 a barrel -- the largest oil companies in the world are proving challenged from a production and reserves replacement standpoint , ” said Simmons & Co. analyst Robert Kessler .
“ I think all these companies need to be spending more on exploration if they have any hopes to actually turn around production in the long term .
The unfortunate reality is that the larger you are , the more you have to produce , and the more you have to find in order to keep that production stable , ” he said .
Earlier this week ,
Shell also reported a drop in quarterly oil and gas production and indicated its reserve levels would disappoint when they are disclosed later this year .
Shares of Exxon closed down 45 cents , or 0.5 percent , at $ 85.95 and Chevron shares were down $ 2.01 , or 2.4 percent , at $ 82.49 , both on the New York Stock Exchange .
For whatever reason , Wal - Mart customers just are n't feeling Linux .
Four months after the retail chain began stocking the uber - cheap $ 200 Everex " Green gPC , " the chain has declared the experiment a failure despite selling out of the Linux PCs .
" This really was n't what our customers were looking for , " a Wal - Mart spokeswoman told the AP , adding that the retail chain has decided not to restock the gPC .
While Wal - Mart will cease selling Linux - based PCs on store shelves , Walmart.com will continue to offer the gPC and other Linux - based systems , including the gPC2 ( also $ 200 ) and the Everex CloudBook ( $ 400 ) .
Apparently , that 's OK with Paul Kim , brand manager for Everex , who said the selling the gPC online was " significantly more effective " anyway .
Photo : Flickr /2- Dog - Farm
See Also :
( CNN ) --
The Netherlands has rejected an asylum plea by a gay Iranian teenager trying to escape possible persecution in his homeland .
Mehdi Kazemi believes he will face persecution if he is made to return to Iran .
Mehdi Kazemi , 19 , had originally sought asylum in Britain , where he was taking classes on a student visa , because , he said , his boyfriend had been executed in Iran after saying he and Kazemi had been in a gay relationship .
Britain 's Home Office rejected his request , prompting Kazemi to flee to Netherlands .
Tuesday 's decision by the Council of State -- the highest administrative court in the Netherlands -- means Kazemi could face deportation to Britain , which he fears will send him back to Iran .
Council spokeswoman Daniela Tempelman said the council decided it must comply with the Dublin Regulation and return Kazemi to Britain .
Watch how teenager has lost his right to remain . »
Under the Dublin Regulation , European Union member nations agree that an application for asylum submitted in any EU country would be handled by that country alone .
The regulation seeks to ensures that an asylum seeker is not redirected from nation to nation simply because none will take responsibility .
Kazemi's initial appeal for asylum in the Netherlands , made in October , was rejected .
He then appealed unsuccessfully to a regional court in December .
His last appeal was to the Council of State in January .
Tempelman said that in order for the Dutch court to consider Kazemi 's asylum application , he needed to prove that Britain did not handle his asylum application properly , but he was n't able to prove any wrongdoing on the part of the British government .
Kazemi now has exhausted his chances for appeal in the Netherlands and , according to Tempelman , could be returned to Britain on a short notice .
The British government about six months ago accepted the Dutch request to take him back .
Kazemi's lawyer will have the option of taking his case to the European Court of Human Rights to request an " interim measure " that could allow Kazemi to stay in Europe until further notice .
" If anybody signs his deportation papers and says , look , he 's got to be deported to Iran , that means they have signed his death sentence , " said Kazemi 's uncle Saeed , who asked CNN to withhold his last name over safety concerns .
Gay rights activists in Europe and Iran are also researching Kazemi 's case .
" When Britain is prepared to send a young man back to possible execution , that is inhumanity on a monumental scale , " said Peter Tatchell , an activist for gay campaign group OutRage .
" And I hang my head in shame , as a British citizen . "
In a written statement , Britain 's Home Office said that even though homosexuality is illegal in Iran and homosexuals do experience discrimination , it does not believe that homosexuals are routinely persecuted purely on the basis of their sexuality .
E-mail to a friend
Kelo
Two years ago , I suggested that the Democrats ought to be trying to pull libertarian voters , broadly defined , out of the Republican party -- which has n't provided much for them in recent years .
I do n't know whether Barack Obama is thinking in those terms or not , but it does look as though he is trying to change the current coalition structure that defines the parties , which could be interesting .
How might he do it ?
My original suggestion was for the Democrats to come out in favor of medical marijuana , at least to the extent of making it clear that federal law enforcement would be instructed not to target people who were using marijuana in conformity with state law .
That not only sends a signal to voters unhappy with the current war on drugs , it also suggests a greater willingness than either party has shown to respect state sovereignty , at least on that issue .
A second possibility that occurs to me is to take advantage of the budgetary implications of Obama 's opposition to the Iraq War .
If the U.S. pulls out , we will get a " peace dividend " - - a whole lot of money now being spent on the war will be available for other purposes .
No doubt lots of people , in both parties , will have ideas for ways of spending it .
Suppose Obama commits himself not to let the peace dividend be spent on new projects , or at least not all of it .
Suppose , for instance , that he promises that at least half of the saving will be used to reduce the budget deficit .
That puts him in the position of the fiscally responsible candidate , which should appeal to conservatives as well as libertarians .
And it is a pledge that McCain cannot match , since he supports the war and so is not going to have any peace dividend to allocate .
What other things can he do along these lines ?
He can't come out for school vouchers without alienating the teachers ' unions , which are a major power in his party -- although I can barely imagine his doing it when running for a second term , if his position then is strong enough .
What about coming out against overreaching by the criminal justice system -- no knock raids on the homes of defenseless grandmothers , rogue prosecutors , and the like ?
Is there some way he could do that without opening himself up to the " soft on crime " charge ?
How about property rights ?
seems to have been massively unpopular , resulting in a lot of state laws purporting to restrict seizures of private property by eminent domain .
Is there some way he could get on that bandwagon ?
It would pull in libertarians -- whom would it offend ?
Suggestions ?
HStringTemplate is a port of Terrence Parr ’s lovely StringTemplate engine to Haskell .
It is available , cabalized , at :
darcs get http://code.haskell.org/HStringTemplate/
As interest has grown in using Haskell for web applications , there has been an increasing buzz about the need for a good templating engine in Haskell .
Why might we need this ?
After all , Haskell has lovely combinator libraries for generating HTML programmatically , enforcing good form through its type system .
But sometimes , we do n’t want well - formed HTML .
We want the ugly stuff that floats around to deal with eight varieties of browser incompatibilities and the latest silly ajax trick .
Or sometimes we ’re working with a team of graphic designers , and they want to work in almost - HTML .
Or sometimes we just want to be able to change the design of a web application on the fly , completely independent of our program logic , and of , heavens forbid , recompiling and possibly messing with a live application .
So template engines are popular , and indeed , considered a key part of most web frameworks out there .
One problem — they ’re mainly awful , imperatively - conceived behemoths that capriciously mix program logic with display and , consequently , entail a great deal of overhead .
Enter StringTemplate , a nifty and fairly - well developed template format that ’s both pure and functional , and therefore pretty much the only one of its kind .
Indeed , it also seems to be getting heavy use in code generation because its paradigm maps neatly to traversing parse - trees .
HStringTemplate is not feature - complete , and indeed is only at version 0.1 .
But it should implement pretty much everything you ’ll find here , only nicer , because it ’s in Haskell .
There are scads of different recursive constructs and ways to handle inclusion and inheritance .
Furthermore , HStringTemplate handles conditionals , and also a very Haskellish implementation of custom rendering .
Templates can be constructed that return strings , ShowSs , bytestrings , or even pretty printer Docs that handle wrapping , indentation , and fill elegantly .
Even better , these templates are parsed and compiled only once , after which point there is n’t a syntax tree anymore , just a function that operates on the environment of attributes that have been passed to it .
Ok .
Enough talk .
Let ’s look at a sample GHCi session .
Note that when defining “ hello ” we have to give the signature explicitly , as it ’s not clear until later what type of StringTemplate we ’re expecting .
> let hello = newSTMP " something $ foo ; separator= ' ; '$ something " :: StringTemplate String
> toString $ setAttribute " foo " " SomethingElse " hello
" something SomethingElse something "
> toString $ setAttribute " foo " [ " a " , " b " , " c " ] hello
" something a ; b ; c something "
> toString $ setAttribute " foo " ( [ 1..10 ] : : [ Double ] ) hello
" something 1.0 ; 2.0 ; 3.0 ; 4.0 ; 5.0 ; 6.0 ; 7.0 ; 8.0 ; 9.0 ; 10.0 something "
And that should be enough to get you started !
Be sure to check the haddocks as well , which cover the API in some more detail .
Where I take it from here depends in part on what sort of response I get , so patches , gripes , API comments and feature requests are all more than welcome .
Meanwhile , I ’ve learned quite a bit doing this , and suspect that once the benchmarks are in , this will in fact turn out to be a fairly lean and mean implementation compared to the Java one .
As a matter of fact , it currently stands at , excluding tests , 414 lines of code .
The Java version , admittedly somewhat more featureful , runs in the vicinity of 12,000 !
Over the next few weeks , I plan to blog about some of my “ aha ” moments , mainly involving monoids and their many delicious instances .
In the earliest Taoist written works , which appeared around 500 BC , there are numerous references to the Sage .
From a Taoist viewpoint , this term refers to one whose actions are in complete harmony with his surroundings - both the immediate environment and the universe as a whole .
Through the example of the Sage , Taoism offers us a model of a way of being that is in accordance with the natural laws that govern life .
To think and act like a Sage is to attune oneself to life ’s flow and to the Tao .
In the English language the word " sage " describes a wise person , one of sound judgement .
It also means " to perceive keenly . "
Within the Taoist tradition the Sage has gained a wisdom that extends beyond mere intellectual knowledge or information and reflects a deep , intuitive understanding of life .
Earlier articles in this series examined four principles basic to Taoism : the interconnectedness of all life ( the Tao ) ; the underlying unity of all apparent opposites ( yin-yang ) ; the power derived through alignment with the Tao ( te ) ; and non -ego - motivated action ( wu - wei ) .
The Sage expresses her wisdom by directly manifesting these principles in daily living .
Because the Sage truly experiences the unity of all life , the Sage perceives and understands all opposites as part of the same system .
As she does not oppose these opposites , she can bring harmony and balance to all situations .
Because she resides in a state of interconnectedness , the Sage ’s actions do not arise from the needs of a separate ego but are called forth by the needs of the environment , which includes the Sage herself .
These actions are natural , effortless , and spontaneous and are imbued with the power of the Tao .
Taoist thought maintains that cultivating sage - like attributes is part of the process of human transformation .
While we may think that to become sage - like happens only at the final stage of this transformation , we also can presently recognize and foster those attributes already within us .
The early Taoist writers , Lao Tzu and Chuang Tzu , themselves legendary sages , offer us numerous examples of behavior based on sage - like virtues .
Most well - known are Lao Tzu’s " three treasures "  compassion , frugality , and humility .
" Whoever has compassion can be brave .
Whoever has frugality can be generous .
Whoever dares not to be first in the world can become leader of the world . "
Lao
Tzu maintains that these values are foreign neither to our understanding , nor to our experience and that we are all capable of cultivating such sage - like characteristics because they are a natural part of being human .
It is through our caring that we connect with others and with all of life .
By practicing frugality we maintain a balanced existence with our environment and develop simplicity in action and thought .
And by learning to follow , we determine the needs of the environment and provide the necessary service .
The Sage , in " perceiving keenly , " sees past the dualities of right and wrong , and harmonizes all opposites .
Lao
Tzu states , " The Sage is good to people who are good .
He is also good to people who are not good . "
This is true goodness .
The Sage does not judge , but accepts everything as part of the intrinsic flow of life and then acts accordingly .
In this manner she provides the opportunity for all beings to become aware of their own self - worth and to express this as goodness .
The Sage lives her life not by conventional standards , but according to the principles that are a reflection of the Tao.
Chuang
Tzu writes , " Rank and reward make no appeal to her .
Disgrace and shame do not deter her .
She is not always looking for right and wrong . "
Thus the Sage is truly at peace with herself and with the way of the Tao .
She believes that " the world is ruled by letting things take their course . "
Chuang
Tzu also writes that as we become attuned to the Tao by living in harmony with the natural order of the Universe , we become fully realized beings , or " true persons . "
" They took life as it came , gladly .
Took death as it came , without care .
They had no mind to fight Tao .
They did not try , by their own contriving , to help Tao along .
These are the ones we call true persons . "
Thus , to live in harmony with the Tao , cooperating with the natural laws that govern the Universe , means to grow and transform as individuals , to become sage - like in our behavior .
Initially this process occurs because we consciously adopt and follow those principles which reflect the workings of the Tao - yin -yang , wu-wei , and te , among others .
In time we find that our sage - like behaviors manifest reflexively and naturally .
They emerge from us without conscious effort .
We reach what Taoism considers to be a person ’s highest calling – a life in service of the Tao .
" The Sage has no mind of her own .
She is simply aware of the needs of others . "
Just as the Tao " nourishes all things , " as it continually returns things to harmony and balance , so too does the Sage .
And this is the ultimate expression of the natural wisdom , the " sageliness , " that is the essence of our being .
This concludes our five - part series on Taoism .
Ted Kardash is the Assistant Director of the Taoist Sanctuary of San Diego ( 619-692-1155 ) where he teaches classes in Tai Chi Chuan and Taoist philosophy .
He is also a licensed Marriage , Family , Child Counselor with a practice in the San Diego area .
To contact the Taoist Sanctuary , please call ( 619 ) 692-1155 .
Part one in our five - part series : Taoism  Ageless Wisdom for a Modern World
Part two : Te  The Principle of Inner Nature
Part three : Yin - Yang  The Principle of Harmony and Change
Part four : The Wu - Wei Principle
Books by Lao Tzu and Chuang
Tzu are available through our bookstore
Shadow of a Doubt , originally uploaded by Katford .
The society is calling it “ a campaign of fear mongering by a foreign - owned horse slaughter industry which is on its last legs in the United States “ .
“ Proponents of slaughtering American horses so the French and Belgians can eat horse meat frequently alarm the public about wanton abandonment to raise false and baseless concerns about a proposed ban on horse slaughter for human consumption . ”
At the annual meeting of the Kentucky Animal Care and Control Association last week , the organization ’s president , Dan Evans , surveyed the membership about the situation .
None reported an increase in abandoned horse reports or sightings .
“ The notion that Kentucky is overrun with unwanted horses is absurd , ” said Pam Rogers , Kentucky State Program Coordinator for The Humane Society of the United States , who was at the meeting .
“ We are a state of horse lovers , and we want to protect our horses from being butchered and exported to foreign countries where horse meat is considered a delicacy .
These claims made by the horse slaughter industry ’s lobbyists have no basis .
This is just plain rumor mongering . ”
The reports surfaced after a federal appeals court decision closed down two horse slaughter plants in Texas .
Equine welfare experts report that the horses bound for the Texas slaughter plants are now being shipped to a plant in Mexico to be killed .
The only horse slaughter plant still operating in the United States – in DeKalb , Illinois – is importing horses from Canada for slaughter , underscoring the point that there is no surplus of horses available in the United States .
The US Department of Agriculture reports that 92.3 percent of American horses going to slaughter are healthy and in good shape – not starving or neglected animals .
An overwhelming majority of Americans and members of Congress oppose slaughtering horses for human consumption .
A bill in Congress – led by Rep. Janice Schakowsky ( D - Ill. ) , Rep. Ed Whitfield ( R - Ky. ) , Rep. John Spratt ( D- S.C. ) , and Rep. Nick Rahall ( D - W.V. ) in the House , and Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D- La. ) and Sen. John Ensign ( R - Nev. ) in the Senate – would protect American horses from the industry .
The House voted five times in favour of stopping horse slaughter in the last Congress , and the Senate voted to do the same by a two - thirds majority , but time ran out before the final authorizing bill could be enacted .
Claims that a ban will lead to the starvation and abandonment of thousands , however , are inaccurate .
Horse slaughter was banned in California in 1998 , and no corresponding rise in starvation and abandonment cases has been seen .
Starving or abandoning horses is animal cruelty and subject to criminal prosecution under state cruelty laws .
After California banned horse slaughter , cases of horse theft in the state dropped by 34 percent because there was no longer an incentive to steal horses for the foreign meat trade .
Many horse owners facing difficult times reject selling their animals to slaughter .
Instead , they may sell or adopt them , donate them to a rescue group , or have them humanely euthanized by a licensed veterinarian .
These are viable options currently available .
A recent trade article quotes a livestock auction operator : “ I thought we ’d see [ horse ] prices so bad that people would just turn their horses out on the highway because they could n’t feed or sell them , but it looks like that may not happen . ”
Link
The biggest issue on the mind of all web page owners is traffic .
Drawing traffic to your site is the means by which you can make conversions and generate revenue .
The more people visiting your site , the more conversions you stand to make and the more revenue you are likely to see .
People go to many different lengths to generate and attract traffic to their site .
This is the cornerstone of most internet marketing techniques , such as search engine optimization .
But when it comes down to it , even SEO is built around the central idea that the way to generate traffic is to create as many links to your site as possible .
However , there are good links and there are bad links .
Good links are well places links on sites or services that offer content similar to your own .
The idea behind placing these kinds of links is that if someone is viewing a web page on a subject similar to the focus of your site or service , a well placed link to your site will arouse their interest and encourage them to click .
However , if there is a link to your site on a web page concerning a subject that has little or no relevance to the content of your site , the viewer will be much less likely to click through to your site .
The idea is to use links to create quality , targeted traffic for your own site .
There are all kinds of programs , widgets and scripts out there that will claim to draw a certain large amount of traffic to your site on a daily basis for a fee .
But the quality of this traffic is often very low , since they are mostly being directed to you from sites that have little or nothing to do with yours .
Low quality traffic of this sort often results in a lower conversion rate .
However , there are many ways in which you can create quality traffic that is relevant to your content .
One of the most common is by submitting your site to web directories , which can then funnel you traffic .
Another great way is to submit articles or press releases on your topic to article directories .
When you build backlinks into these articles , viewers who happen on the article will click on your links to learn more , and find your website .
Sometimes , your article will be picked up by interested parties and reproduced in other places , creating more opportunities for generating quality traffic .
Press releases work in much the same way .
By submitting press releases on news concerning your site , its subject or product to press release directories , you can build effective traffic as well .
And best of all , this becomes another form of search engine marketing , as often times your articles will appear in search engine results .
Posting in forums relevant to the focus of your site can also be an effective way of building quality traffic .
Using your signature on your posts , you can include a link back to your website , as well as a prompt to click it to learn more .
If people see that you are engaged in forum discussions relevant to your topic , they will be inclined to click through .
Another good idea is to get in contact with the owners of websites similar to yours and simply ask them to link to you .
In return , you can link back to them , and in this way pool traffic between you .
Affiliate sponsors also offer a great way to increase your relevant traffic .
Affiliate services will promote your site and products for you on other websites and blogs , and will drive traffic to your site to encourage conversions .
Remember , linking and SEO is all about drawing the highest quality traffic to your site .
If you can reach your target audience , people who will be interested in what your site has to offer , the opportunity to monetize that traffic through advertisements or sales conversions will greatly increase .
Above all , backlinking will draw interested viewers to your site , and these are the exact types of viewers you want to target .
The dea( r )th of Oracle RDBMS and contracting ?
March 19 , 2008
I ’m feeling flat today and apologise for the sensationalist headline .
I also apologise for another one of this useless opinion - based posts .
There are far too many opinions in this site , not to mention far too many posts on things requiring further investigation which never gets done , and not nearly enough concise , factual posts which give anyone any genuine interest .
One day this will change … but not today – it ’s cathartic to let it out .
So , I tend to contract these days , specialising in pretty much anything Oracle RDBMS - wise coming primarily from a development / application angle – i.e. development , design , performance tuning , architecture , development DBA .
Two observations I have about the current market for Oracle contracts in the UK .
Firstly , an increasing number of clients have HR - imposed limits where they will engage a contractor for a maximum of one year .
For a database specialist , this presents a bit of a problem .
So much of what we do is about the data .
I find it takes at least six months to get a really good handle on just a fraction of the business and its data .
So , after one year you ’ve not long started ramping up the value that you can deliver .
Maybe this behaviour is more common in banks and other such finance companies but , apart from my current client , I ’ve talked to two prospective future clients who have the same such policy .
This sort of policy only make sense if you think you can swap in / out any development resource and put no value on them having knowledge specific to your business .
And now to Oracle .
I feel like the war has been lost and there are only a few pockets of resistance left now , resistance that will sooner or later be squashed .
The religious war regarding sensible , about pragmatic use of databases and database code , about doing work related to data in the database , about data quality being enforced in the database , etc versus the database should be a bit bucket camp .
Over the last few years I ’ve worked on some pretty decent databases , some of which I created .
They all took a pragmatic approach to the database .
Even in n-tier Java environments , if it made sense we put the logic where it made sense , where there was a strategic or performance advantage whichever tier that was .
Even at my current client , I was pleasantly surprised to find a database - centric application – you might even say excessively so .
But not for much longer .
The database is under attack .
A newly created hierarchy have decreed that databases are indeed bad .
And I was speaking to a friend today at a previous employer , a major media / entertainment company .
They are planning to abandon their pragmatic approach to Oracle and switch wholely to open source databases , ORM tools , and the like .
I just do n’t understand why .
Actually I do understand some of the why .
Databases do n’t perform well when SQL is written by people who neither like nor understand SQL , people who do n’t appreciate that they need to abandon their iterative approaches and need to think in sets , people who struggle to string together a couple of tables .
SQL does n’t always perform well when written by people who neither like nor understand access paths and indexes .
It ’s difficult to write good SQL against poor table design .
When databases do n’t perform well , people do n’t want to wait for people to tune or redesign , they want to buy some more memory or CPU and have it installed later that day .
People of Influence with a decent database background are becoming few and far between .
People are reluctant to use built - in features like RLS , Oracle Audit Vault / FGA , etc , etc and prefer to write their own framework from scratch .
And not insignificantly , database testing tools are way behind the curve .
Managers are getting used to full - featured testing reports , code coverage and code metrics and rightfully see the database as backward in this area .
And if you ’re going to have a bit bucket , well , you might as well have a free bit bucket .
And then you might as well stick ORM on top of it .
New laws going into effect today in the United Kingdom make it a crime to refuse to decrypt almost any encrypted data requested by authorities as part of a criminal or terror investigation .
Individuals who are believed to have the cryptographic keys necessary for such decryption will face up to 5 years in prison for failing to comply with police or military orders to hand over either the cryptographic keys , or the data in a decrypted form .
Part 3 , Section 49 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) includes provisions for the decryption requirements , which are applied differently based on the kind of investigation underway .
As we reported last year , the five - year imprisonment penalty is reserved for cases involving anti-terrorism efforts .
All other failures to comply can be met with a maximum two - year sentence .
The law can only be applied to data residing in the UK , hosted on UK servers , or stored on devices located within the UK .
The law does not authorize the UK government to intercept encrypted materials in transit on the Internet via the UK and to attempt to have them decrypted under the auspices of the jail time penalty .
The keys to the ( United ) Kingdom
The law has been criticized for the power its gives investigators , which is seen as dangerously broad .
Authorities tracking the movement of terrorist funds could demand the encryption keys used by a financial institution , for instance , thereby laying bare that bank 's files on everything from financial transactions to user data .
Cambridge University security expert Richard Clayton said in May of 2006 that such laws would only encourage businesses to house their cryptography operations out of the reach of UK investigators , potentially harming the country 's economy .
" The controversy here [ lies in ] seizing keys , not in forcing people to decrypt .
The power to seize encryption keys is spooking big business , " Clayton said .
" The notion that international bankers would be wary of bringing master keys into UK if they could be seized as part of legitimate police operations , or by a corrupt chief constable , has quite a lot of traction , " he added .
" With the appropriate paperwork , keys can be seized .
If you 're an international banker you 'll plonk your headquarters in Zurich . "
The law also allows authorities to compel individuals targeted in such investigation to keep silent about their role in decrypting data .
Though this will be handled on a case - by - case basis , it 's another worrisome facet of a law that has been widely criticized for years .
While RIPA was originally passed in 2000 , the provisions detailing the handover of cryptographic keys and / or the force decryption of protected content has not been tapped by the UK Home Office — the division of the British government which oversees national security , the justice system , immigration , and the police forces of England and Wales .
As we reported last year , the Home Office was slowly building its case to activate Part 3 , Section 49 .
The Home Office has steadfastly proclaimed that the law is aimed at catching terrorists , pedophiles , and hardened criminals — all parties which the UK government contends are rather adept at using encryption to cover up their activities .
Yet the law , in a strange way , almost gives criminals an " out , " in that those caught potentially committing serious crimes may opt to refuse to decrypt incriminating data .
A pedophile with a 2GB collection of encrypted kiddie porn may find it easier to do two years in the slammer than expose what he 's been up to .
St. Patrick 's Day & Irish Resistance Editor ’s Note :
The celebration of Saint Patrick ’s Day – like so many other holidays – has become an opportunity to get together with friends and to party , which is all well and good .
But there is often a serious dimension to the events or the people behind the holidays .
In this guest essay , Daniel Patrick Welch reminds us that the “ wearing of the green ” represented resistance to English repression : Another Saint Patrick 's Day is here , with its tacky kegs of green beer , leprechauns , lucky charms , fake plastic hats and all imaginable variety of gaudy faux - Irish ...um ... " charm . "
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
But it need n't be so .
The holiday offers up an incredible opportunity to expose children ( and adults , of course ) to the history of struggle of a courageous people -- England 's first and last colony -- and , by extension , to shed light on the legacy of colonization and imperialism and the universal nature of popular resistance .
At the risk of using one of the thankfully less egregious cliches , the Irish have long been a musical and literate people , a country where , as the poet said , " All her wars are merry , and all her songs are sad . "
Even the most cursory outline of Irish history yields a treasure trove of struggles , uprisings , and oppression -- the practice field on which the British Empire honed its techniques .
Fortunately , for those whose task is to educate , the songs are beautiful , moving , and largely self - explanatory .
While the diaspora revels in the Luck O ' the Irish and sports " Kiss Me , I 'm Irish " buttons , we 'll be singing " The wearing of the Green , " a concise , if simplified explication of the tradition of wearing green .
Distilled by generations of mass marketing into Irish Pride , the practice was actually a passive form of resistance to British rule , symbolizing the culture , language , religion and traditions ruthlessly suppressed in the wake of the Wolfe Tone and other uprisings ( two centuries ago ) .
" It 's the most distressed country that you have ever seen / They 're hanging men and women for the wearing of the green . "
The color and practice are also a convenient symbol for the natural -- and unstoppable -- force for human liberation .
The shamrock , rather than a mere symbol of luck , is chosen for its resilience and invincibility : " You may take the shamrock from your hat and cast it on the sod / But it will take root and flourish there , though underfoot it 's trod . "
Popular resistance struggles have invoked the image of nature time and again to illustrate the inevitability of their victory .
Sadly , of course , forces of reaction have been crafty and merciless in their exercise of power in repression .
But hope springs eternal : " When the law can keep the blades of grass from growing where they grow / And when the leaves in summertime their verdure dare not show / Then I will change the color that I wear in my corbeen / But ' til that day , please God , I 'll stick to wearing of the green . "
With students from many different countries , the study of the Great Hunger -- where almost half of Ireland 's population either died or fled in the space of a generation -- lends itself quite well to the general study of diaspora and immigration .
Our mostly first - generation students are especially quick to grok the sense of isolation and distance felt by recent immigrants , and take to the strains of Danny Boy and The Leaving of Liverpool with a particular warmth .
The difference for their own generation is that their parents can travel back to Haiti , the DR , Puerto Rico , Thailand , China , Nigeria , Portugal , Russia or other countries from which they come .
Those of African descent are also especially disposed to understand being robbed of their languages , culture and history , and so a cross-cultural vortex of people 's history is easily explored .
Even the specific language has its overlaps .
" Puedan cortar las flores , pero no pueden parar la primavera " is yet another testament to the use of natural imagery and the belief in the inevitability of liberation .
And with this background easily prepared , children whose eyes might otherwise glaze over at the archaic language sit in rapt attention at the recitation of Padraig Pearse 's The Rebel .
Many of them , like Pearse 's Rebel , are " come of the seed of the people . "
It is hardly a stretch that , by the end , they share the Rebel 's scorn for his tormentors and his warning to his people 's masters : " Beware .
Beware of the thing that is coming .
Beware of the risen people , who shall take what ye would not give .
Did you think to conquer the people ?
Or that law is stronger than life , or than man 's desire to be free ? "
It 's always an exhilarating moment , and a potent opportunity , to invest a holiday marketed as one more excuse to party with a bit more meaning and purpose -- and hope , so that one day the " tyrants , hypocrites , and liars " might tremble at The Thing That is Coming .
hear Danny 's rendition of Padraig Pearse 's The Rebel here :
http://www.redress.cc/cms-files/rebel.wav
and The Wearing of the Green here :
http://www.redress.cc/cms-files/wearing_green.wav
© 2007 Daniel Patrick Welch .
Reprint permission granted with credit
and link to http://danielpwelch.com.
Writer , singer , linguist and
activist Daniel Patrick
Welch lives and writes in Salem ,
Massachusetts , with his wife , Julia Nambalirwa - Lugudde .
Together they run The Greenhouse School http://www.greenhouseschool.org.
Translations of articles are available in over two dozen languages .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
JUST as the festive season gets going , drinkers in America are finding their favourite beer suddenly more expensive or even — horrors ! — not available at all .
Hit by price increases and shortages , many breweries , particularly the small “ craft brewers ” and the even smaller microbreweries , are being forced to raise prices , make do with modified recipes or shut off the spigots altogether .
The humble hop , the plant that gives beer its distinctive flavour , is the main problem .
Many farmers in the Pacific north - west , where America 's hop production is concentrated , have turned to more profitable lines — especially corn , which can be made into ethanol .
The decrease in hop production , put at some 50 % over the past decade , has sent prices through the roof .
Brian Owens , the brewmaster of the O'Fallon Brewery near St Louis , Missouri , says that the variety he once bought for $ 3 a pound ( 0.45 kg ) now costs five times that .
Many smaller breweries cannot find what they need at any price .
Industry giants like Anheuser - Busch and Miller are better off , thanks to long - term contracts .
But even Anheuser - Busch has been forced to raise prices for its six - packs .
Without their supply of hops , some smaller producers are going out of business , bringing to a halt the fastest - growing segment of the industry .
Other craft brewers and brewpubs are experimenting with new recipes , hoping their customers will adapt .
The hops shortage is only part of the problem .
Things are no better for barley , used to make the malt that yeast turns into alcohol .
It too has been ploughed under in favour of corn .
Crop failures in Australia and Europe , combined with the weak dollar , have made it harder to replace the shortage with imports .
Other price increases , of fuel , glass and metal , add to the pressure .
Not such a merry Christmas .
This blog represents my own thoughts and opinions , and is not meant to cause offense .
Any similarity to persons or events , living or dead , is entirely co-incidental .
Last updated at 16:01 11 January 2008
More than 230 people are treated at hospital every day for health problems associated with obesity , Department of Health figures revealed today .
And the problem is soaring at an alarming rate with the number of hospital consultations soaring almost 30 per cent in the last year alone .
In nine years the effect of obesity on hospital consultants has trebled as the numbers needing treatment has risen from 23,961 in 1997/98 to 85,302 in 2006/07 .
The statistics reveal the number of people who were seen by a consultant where either the main source of illness was classified as excessive body weight or where obesity had contributed to some other ailment .
Scroll down for more ...
The number of obese children has also soared in recent years .
In 1997/98 just 689 children were seen by hospital consultants as a result of their obesity .
However by 2006/07 this had risen to 2,307 children .
National Obesity Forum chairman Dr Colin Waine said : " We badly need a public health approach to alter the environment and make it less obeseogenic .
This has to be led by the government . "
Experts predict the obesity problem will be costing the country 45 bn pounds a year by 2050 , of which 6.5 billion will be spent on treating the health effects such as type two diabetes , strokes , high blood pressure , cancer and coronary artery disease .
The rest will be made up of the cost to industry for time off , and the benefits paid out to those incapacitated by their weight .
It is now estimated that around 34,000 deaths a year can be attributed to illnesses resulting from obesity .
Lawmakers defend spending on golf , at casinos STATE LEGISLATORS :
While some insist spending is part of the job , new rules would close loophole
Campaign Spending on Resorts , Casinos and Other Luxuries .
Chronicle Graphic Campaign Spending on Resorts , Casinos and Other Luxuries .
Chronicle Graphic Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Lawmakers defend spending on golf , at casinos 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
California state legislators spent nearly $ 700,000 in donations from corporations and special interests within the past three years to pay for international junkets , meals and lodging at domestic resorts and for entertainment and gifts without justifying how the expenses were related to their jobs .
A review by The Chronicle of more than 10,000 credit card statements filed with the secretary of state from January 2005 to July found that lawmakers spent :
-- Nearly $ 164,000 on greens fees and other expenses at golf courses in California , Nevada and Hawaii .
-- More than $ 50,000 at casino hotels in Las Vegas , Reno and on California Indian reservations .
-- More than $ 80,000 on trips to Hawaii .
-- More than $ 44,000 at wineries .
Lawmakers declared that all of the spending was reasonably related to legislative , governmental or political purposes , as mandated by state law .
But because there is no requirement that legislators provide any details explaining how the spending was job - related , taxpayers and voters have no way of judging for themselves if the expenses were appropriate .
San Ramon Assemblyman Guy Houston , for example , spent $ 125 in campaign money at a Jet Ski rental shop on Maui , justifying the expense in public reports only as candidate travel .
Fremont Assemblyman Alberto Torrico used $ 185 in donor money for a round of golf in Napa , while Orange County Assemblyman Todd Spitzer used $ 139 in contributor money to buy a wedding gift for one of his campaign aides - also without detailed explanations .
The state 's political watchdog agency will move to close that loophole at a hearing this week , when it considers new rules requiring elected officials to provide more details about their spending .
Under the rules , lawmakers will have to report how many people benefited from a specific expense - such as a lunch or dinner .
They also must disclose whether they , members of their family or their campaign committee chair benefited from the spending , and provide a brief explanation why the spending is job - related .
The new Fair Political Practices Commission rules come as private activist groups are increasingly scrutinizing an election system under which incumbents remain mostly unchallenged once in office but still raise piles of campaign cash they do n't usually need for electioneering .
A coalition led by the League of California Women Voters , California Common Cause and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is pushing a ballot measure for November that would change how legislative districts are drawn in an effort to create more competition in the election process .
Backers of the initiative also hope it would help break the hold big special - interest money has on legislative races .
Meanwhile , political ethicists strongly suspect that campaign money is being used to support lavish lifestyles .
" They 're taking trips , buying expensive items and giving gifts , " said Robert Stern president of the Center for Governmental Studies , a government watchdog group in Southern California .
" They 're not using the money on campaigns . "
The issue came to a head last fall , after news reports raised questions about Assembly Speaker Fabian Núñez ' spending tens of thousands of dollars in campaign money while on trips overseas .
The spending included $ 5,149 for a meeting at a wine shop in Bordeaux , France , and $ 2,562 for office expenses at a Louis Vuitton store in Paris .
While a recent audit completed by the state Franchise Tax Board found Núñez had substantially complied with campaign record - keeping rules , questions remain about his and other legislators ' use of campaign money .
Los Angeles County Sen. Ron Calderon , for example , spent nearly $ 85,000 on more than a dozen trips to resort hotels in Maui , Las Vegas , Mexico , even Taiwan , according to The Chronicle 's review of his spending through the end of 2007 .
During the second half of last year , the Montebello Democrat ran up expenses at Bandon Dunes golf course in Oregon , the Bacara Spa in Santa Barbara and Caesars and the Palms in Las Vegas ; the Pebble Beach Resort ; the Fairmont and the Four Seasons hotels in Maui ; the Hotel Del Coronado near San Diego ; the Four Points Sheraton in Los Angeles ; the Hollywood Roosevelt ; and the Parker in Palm Springs .
Meanwhile , the senator accepted more than $ 130,000 into his primary campaign account during the second half of 2007 from a variety of sources , including such corporations as Exxon Mobil , Philip Morris and Countrywide Financial Corp .
In a statement , Calderon declined to detail his spending but said all of it was lawful and " made within current FPPC regulations , " he said .
" If new regulations are approved requiring a more detailed accounting of campaign expenditures I will gladly adhere to those regulations . "
Assemblyman Houston , a Republican who will be termed out of office at the end of this year , spent $ 15,000 on gifts and travel expenses from 2005 to 2007 .
The trips included an annual sojourn to Maui with his family for a legislative conference sponsored in part by corporations and labor groups with business before the Legislature .
Houston said he uses campaign money lawfully but said he was not prepared to provide an explanation of every expense .
He said he believed the Jet Ski rental was related to the Hawaiian conference but could not recall any details .
" If the rules are changed and we have to log everything - that 's what we will do , " he said .
" I think I 've followed the law . "
Houston said he uses campaign money from time to time to buy equipment for the state Capitol 's Republican softball team , of which he is the captain .
" There 's some things that you look at and it might look strange but as long as there is a connection to what we do and how we engaged with people , it 's appropriate , " he said .
Democratic Assemblyman Torrico was one of the few legislators who agreed to review his spending line by line and give an explanation .
Statements show that Torrico spent more than $ 28,000 in campaign contributions for travel expenses and gifts over the past three years .
That included $ 2,478 at MGM Grand in Las Vegas ; $ 394 at the Thunder Valley Casino in Lincoln ( Placer County ) ; and $ 214 at the Pechanga Casino in Southern California .
He said all of it related to his job as a legislator :
The trip to the MGM in Las Vegas was for a fundraiser .
The dinner at Thunder Valley was attended by two other legislators and several lobbyists .
The overnight stay for himself and his chief of staff at the Pechanga hotel was to talk to the tribal leaders about their agreement with the state on gambling revenues .
" I take my reporting seriously , " he said .
" People need to know who is raising money and how people are spending money - they have the right to know . "
He said that to be successful in Sacramento , lawmakers have to be able to talk freely to lobbyists , union representatives , business leaders and other politicians .
He said dinners at expensive restaurants are not uncommon and he'd rather use campaign money than let someone else buy his meal .
" Politics is a business of relationships and people , " he said .
" So a lot of times , ( the spending ) is just so that we can get to know each other . "
Republican Assemblyman Spitzer said his job demands that he exchange gifts sometimes with supporters and staffers - just like any business executive .
He defended his use of campaign money to buy a wedding gift for a campaign aide , saying their relationship was professional not social .
" She was my fundraiser , and it makes perfect sense to me to use campaign money to buy her gift , " he said .
Ross Johnson , chairman of the state 's political watchdog commission , said the key flaw in the current reporting law is that there is no way for the public to determine if an expense is legitimate .
" The statute is very clear , " he said .
" ( But ) unless through regulation we say you 've got to provide some brief description of what was the legislative , governmental or political purpose for an expenditure - the law is meaningless . "
Johnson , a former California state legislator , declined to comment on specific candidates ' expenses , saying that his agency plays a judicial role over election activities .
But he said he hopes the new rules make it easier for candidates to know when to use campaign money and when not to .
" In my heart , if it is a legislative or governmental purpose , the taxpayers ought to pay for it , " he said .
" And if you can't justify that expense to the taxpayers , then maybe you ought not to engage in that expense . "
The new disclosure rules will apply only to travel spending of campaign funds outside California .
Officials said they wanted to focus first on spending outside the state because they believe that misspending is more likely to occur far from home .
But The Chronicle analysis found more than half of the legislators ' travel spending - $ 395,000 - took place in California , at plush hotels and casinos , golf courses and wineries .
There are also questions about campaign money that is spent by lawmakers at the end of their legislative careers or who left office years ago .
Former Democratic Assemblyman Rod Wright of Los Angeles was termed out of the Legislature in 2002 .
But records show that he spent more than $ 8,000 in campaign funds that remained in an active account in 2007 - mostly for meals in fine restaurants in the southland including Wolfgang Puck 's Chinois on Main in Santa Monica .
Wright said all of the expenses were appropriate because he plans to run again this spring - for a seat in the state Senate .
Page 1A
Teens losing touch with common cultural and historical references
Big Brother .
McCarthyism .
The patience of Job .
Do n't count on your typical teenager to nod knowingly the next time you drop a reference to any of these .
A study out today finds that about half of 17 - year - olds can't identify the books or historical events associated with them .
Twenty - five years after the federal report A Nation at Risk challenged U.S. public schools to raise the quality of education , the study finds high schoolers still lack important historical and cultural underpinnings of " a complete education . "
And , its authors fear , the nation 's current focus on improving basic reading and math skills in elementary school might only make matters worse , giving short shrift to the humanities — even if children can read and do math .
" If you think it matters whether or not kids have common historical touchstones and whether , at some level , we feel like members of a common culture , then familiarity with this knowledge matters a lot , " says American Enterprise Institute researcher Rick Hess , who wrote the study .
Among 1,200 students surveyed :
• 43 % knew the Civil War was fought between 1850 and 1900 .
• 52 % could identify the theme of 1984 .
• 51 % knew that the controversy surrounding Sen. Joseph McCarthy focused on communism .
In all , students earned a C in history and an F in literature , though the survey suggests students do well on topics schools cover .
For instance , 88 % knew the bombing of Pearl Harbor led the USA into World War II , and 97 % could identify Martin Luther King Jr. as author of the " I Have a Dream " speech .
Fewer ( 77 % ) knew Uncle Tom 's Cabin helped end slavery a century earlier .
" School has emphasized Martin Luther King , and everybody teaches it , and people are learning it , " says Chester Finn of the Thomas B. Fordham Institute , an education think tank .
" What a better thing it would be if people also had the Civil War part and the civil rights part , and the Harriet Tubman part and the Uncle Tom 's Cabin part . "
The findings probably wo n't sit well with educators , who say record numbers of students are taking college - level Advanced Placement history , literature and other courses in high school .
" Not all is woe in American education , " says Trevor Packer of The College Board , which oversees Advanced Placement .
The study 's release today in Washington also serves as a sort of coming out for its sponsor , Common Core , a new non-partisan group pushing for the liberal arts in public school curricula .
Its leadership includes a North Carolina fifth - grade teacher , an author of history and science textbooks , a teachers union leader and a former top official in the George H.W. Bush administration .
06 marzo 2008
The salt is over 10 meters thick in the center .
In the dry season , the salt planes are a completely flat expanse of dry salt , but in the wet season , it is covered with a thin sheet of water which makes the most beautiful reflections .
Salar de Uyuni is estimated to contain 10 billion tons of salt , of which less than 25,000 tons is extracted annually .
You can see every mountain and every cloud reflected in the salar and you can't tell how far away they are or where the sky starts and ends
Due to its large size , smooth surface , high surface reflectivity when covered with shallow water , and minimal elevation deviation , Salar de Uyuni makes an ideal target for the testing and calibration of remote sensing instruments on orbiting satellites used to study the Earth .
In addition to providing an excellent target surface the skies above Salar de Uyuni are so clear , and the air so dry , that the surface works up to five times better for satellite calibration than using the surface of the ocean .
Salar de Uyuni is the world 's largest salt flat at 10,582 km² ( 4,085 square miles ) .
It is located in the Potosí and Oruro departments in southwest Bolivia , near the crest of the Andes , 3,650 meters high .
When it is covered with water , the Salar de Uyuni reflects the sky .
The salt is over 10 meters thick in the center .
In the dry season , the salt planes are a completely flat expanse of dry salt , but in the wet season , it is covered with a thin sheet of water which makes the most beautiful reflections .
Salar de Uyuni is estimated to contain 10 billion tons of salt , of which less than 25,000 tons is extracted annually .
You can see every mountain and every cloud reflected in the salar and you can't tell how far away they are or where the sky starts and ends [ 1 ]
Due to its large size , smooth surface , high surface reflectivity when covered with shallow water , and minimal elevation deviation , Salar de Uyuni makes an ideal target for the testing and calibration of remote sensing instruments on orbiting satellites used to study the Earth .
In addition to providing an excellent target surface the skies above Salar de Uyuni are so clear , and the air so dry , that the surface works up to five times better for satellite calibration than using the surface of the ocean .
For world water day Ogilvy & Mather , Mumbai decided to go the educational route and actually tech us how to make your urine drinkable water in this poster , which looks a lot like old school posters in its Art Direction / Illustration style .
It 's pretty simply actually , all you need is a hole in the ground , a bucket , some tarp and rocks , the sun itself and then of course , your pee .
In fact I hear that the übertough French foreign league men and Chilean army soldiers do this all the time .
So next time you 're at a loss for water , here you go .
BANGKOK , Thailand ( CNN ) -- Former
Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra was taken into police custody Thursday after arriving on Thai soil and ending 17 months of exile to face corruption charges , police said .
Former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra arrives at Hong Kong International Airport earlier Thursday .
Thai authorities took the 58 - year - old billionaire politician into custody after his arrival at Suvarnabhumi International Airport on a Thai Airways flight from Hong Kong , said police Maj .
Gen. Thaweesak Toochinda , the head of airport immigration police .
Two arrest warrants were issued for Thaksin after the September 2006 coup that ousted him .
He faces corruption charges in two separate cases that date to his time in office from 2001 - 2006 and could receive a maximum of 15 years in prison .
His return to Thailand to fight charges of corruption and abuse of power ends 17 months of self - imposed exile Thursday , returning to Thailand to fight charges of corruption and abuse of power .
Upon touchdown from Hong Kong , he was expected to report to the country 's Supreme Court .
A pro-Thaksin Web site on Tuesday urged supporters to greet the former prime minister at the airport at 9 a.m. local time ( 0200 GMT ) , and thousands were expected to congregate .
The People 's Alliance for Democracy , which in the past has staged numerous demonstrations denouncing Thaksin 's rule , told CNN on Tuesday that it did not have any plans to protest on Thursday .
If that decision stands , it will null the possibility of clashes between the two camps on Thursday .
Watch what can be expected on Thaksin 's return »
In December 's parliamentary elections , Thaksin 's allies , the People Power Party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and paved the way for his return .
The 58 - year - old billionaire is accused of abusing the country 's system of checks and balances and bending government policy to benefit his family 's business .
Do n't Miss Talk Asia : Interview with Samak Sundaravej
Thaksin and his wife Pojamarn face charges stemming from a Bangkok land deal and an alleged stock concealment plan .
In the real estate transaction , the wife is accused of purchasing undeveloped land for about a third of its estimated value .
She has pleaded not guilty and is free on five million baht ( about $ 168,000 ) bail and is under orders not to leave the country .
Thaksin faces separate charges of concealing assets .
Thaksin also owns the English Premier League Manchester City Football Club .
His party won two landslide victories before he was deposed in a bloodless military coup in September 2006 while traveling abroad .
He has never returned to Thailand since .
Thaksin has said he would not re-enter politics when he comes home .
He said that he and his family had " suffered enough " but that he wanted to face the charges against him and prove his innocence .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Kochakorn Olarn contributed to this report .
All About Thaksin Shinawatra
The real reason behind this week 's " slight " chemical explosion at News Corp 's midtown office building ?
Karma is rip-roaring bitch .
The theme at the company 's overfull holiday shindig at the Hilton last Friday was climate change GOP - style — signs were posted reading " No Coal Mining In or Around These Premises , " and " Oil Spills Are Strictly Forbidden in This Location . "
Tongue in cheek ?
Not ?
Who knows !
Green is in !
What was the first thing partygoers got on their way in ?
A good wanding and Champagne test tubes .
Distributed by whom , you ask ?
An entire team of people in fake hazmat suits .
An NYU acapella group crooned about their turtleneck sweaters and knit scarves in a corner ; one chanteuse was in a wheelchair .
Guests received maps to climate - themed rooms like " Mercury Rising " and " Rainforest Lounge , " according to New York senior online editor Chris Rovzar , who was brave ( or bored ) enough to check it out .
Rupert Murdoch was there , watching his employees play Guitar Hero and get their caricatures painted .
The whole thing sounds like a bizarre and overzealous carnival .
Not that this should surprise us — when we open up the Post each morning , it 's not uncommon for us to feel we 're watching a one - legged blind woman doing it with a hermaphrodite mule .
Good news !
Excellent portrait and event photographer Ric Kallaher was there to document !
You should enjoy his beautiful slideshow .
The night sky on Earth ( assuming it survives ) will change dramatically as our Milky Way galaxy merges with its neighbors and distant galaxies recede beyond view .
The quickening expansion will eventually pull galaxies apart faster than light , causing them to drop out of view .
This process eliminates reference points for measuring expansion and dilutes the distinctive products of the big bang to nothingness .
In short , it erases all the signs that a big bang ever occurred .
To our distant descendants , the universe will look like a small puddle of stars in an endless , changeless void .
Click here to view a slideshow of the evolution of the night sky .
SOUTHFIELD , Michigan ( Reuters ) - Assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian , known as “ Doctor Death ” for helping more than 100 people end their lives , said on Monday he will run for the U.S. Congress .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The 79 - year - old pathologist announced his bid to run as an independent less than a year after being released from prison where he served eight years for second - degree murder .
“ I have no ties , no fetters .
I am free , ” Kevorkian told reporters , adding that he planned to run against the “ tyranny ” of the U.S. Supreme Court which he said has robbed Americans of their rights .
In the 1990s Kevorkian became one of the most prominent and polarizing figures in the debate over euthanasia by assisting in some 130 suicides and for his outspoken advocacy of the “ right to die . ”
Kevorkian , who was paroled in 2007 , said he will run as an independent for a congressional seat representing the Detroit suburbs , near the area where he presided at dozens of suicides in cheap hotel rooms and the back of his rusty van .
He was convicted after a CBS news program aired a video showing Kevorkian administering lethal drugs to a 52 - year - old man suffering from debilitating amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or Lou Gehrig ’s disease .
His candidacy will pit Kevorkian against Republican incumbent Joe Knollenberg and Democrat Gary Peters in Michigan ’s 9th District , which includes the upscale suburbs of Bloomfield Hills and Birmingham .
Political analysts rate the race between the two main candidates could be close .
Kevorkian had been required to gather 3,000 voter signatures on a petition in order to qualify for the ballot .
As a condition of his parole , Kevorkian vowed not to assist with any suicides although he said he would continue to lobby for the legalization of assisted suicide in the United States .
In 1997 , Oregon became the only U.S. state to legalize doctor - assisted suicide .
Efforts to pass similar measures in other states including Michigan and Hawaii have failed .
Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Last.fm says it will fund the service via ads and a share of sales
It is promising to pay unsigned artists royalties every time a user streams a track to their computer .
The website has done deals with the four major record companies as well as more than 150,000 independent labels to offer access to their catalogues .
Users will be able to listen to any track - streamed rather than downloaded - up to three times .
Changing times
After that period Last .fm members will be encouraged to buy the track via links to iTunes and Amazon and other download services .
A share of any resulting sales , coupled with advertising , will fund the service .
Last.fm , founded in London in 2002 , was bought by the American media giant CBS last year for $ 280 m ( £ 143 m ) .
Richard Jones , one of Last fm's three founders , told the BBC : " We want to make music available free and legally to whoever wants it , while rewarding the artists at the same time . "
Asked whether users would not prefer to own music - and be able to put it on a portable player - rather than just being able to stream it , he said : " The way people consume music is changing - sometimes you just want to listen to it there and then . "
Unsigned artists who use the scheme will get a payment from Last . fm every time someone listens to one of their tracks .
This is just the latest attempt to find a new model for an industry struggling with falling physical sales , while attempting to earn money from online music .
Last year saw the launch of Spiral Frog , another free service supported by banner advertising .
Unlike Last.fm , it offers free downloads but has failed to make a major impact .
Last.fm is launching its on - demand service in the US , UK and Germany immediately , and plans to roll it out globally over the coming months .
The big record labels will be watching closely to see how great the demand is for streamed music - and how many of the customers then go on to pay for downloads .
In 1955 , ten years into the experiment , researchers reported more bone defects , anemia and earlier female menstruation in children purposely dosed with sodium fluoride - laced drinking water ( 1956 Journal of the American Dental Association ) .
This is the first , and only , fluoridation human health experiment which was carried out on the entire population in the city of Newburgh NY .
How did this happen ?
n the early 1900 ’s , brown and yellow discolored , but decay resistant , teeth were prevalent in healthier , wealthier U.S. populations drinking and irrigating their crops with naturally calcium - fluoridated water .
Researchers discovered fluoride was the tooth discoloring culprit and mistakenly thought fluoride was also the cavity - fighting hero – unaware that calcium was required to grow sound dentition .
And also unaware of Dentist Weston Price ’s extensive research published in 1939 showing that without fluoride , healthier populations had healthier teeth because of good diets .
Public health officials , so sure sodium fluoride safely benefited children ’s teeth , had no misgivings about carrying out this very unusual experiment without first doing animal studies , without informed consent and without thought or interest about how sodium fluoride could afflict adults .
Mistakenly assuming all fluorides are the same , in 1945 , sodium fluoride , waste products from industries such as Alcoa Aluminum Company ( not natural calcium - fluoride ) , was added to Newburgh NY ’s water supply at about one milligram fluoride per liter of water .
Kingston NY , the control city for comparison purposes , was left fluoride - free .
Kingston and Newburgh are thirty - five miles apart on the Hudson River in New York State and in 1940 had populations of 31,956 and 28,817 , respectively .
In Newburgh , 500 children were examined after ten years and 405 in Kingston .
Adults were never tested .
“ ( R ) outine laboratory studies were omitted in the control group during most of the study , they were included in the final examination , ” according to Schlesinger and colleagues , in “ Newburgh - Kingston caries - fluorine study XIII .
Pediatric findings after ten years . ”
The researchers report after ten years of fluoridation in Newburgh New York :
-- “ The average age at the menarche was 12 years among the girls studied in Newburgh and 12 years 5 months among the girls in Kingston . ”
-- Hemoglobin ( iron - containing part of a red blood cell ) : “ a few more children in the range below 12.9 grams per hundred milliliters in Newburgh ”
--“ … a slightly higher proportion of children in Newburgh were found to have a total erythrocyte ( red blood cell ) count below 4,400,000 per milliliter ”
-- Knee X-rays of Newburgh children reveals more cortical bone defects , and irregular mineralization of the thigh bone .
Only twenty - five Newburgh children had eye and ear exams .
Two had hearing loss ; eight had abnormal vision .
Even though researchers discovered more adult cataracts in surveys conducted before 1944 in communities with naturally high water fluoride concentrations Newburgh and Kingston adults were never checked for this defect .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Senator Barack Obama on Thursday released a list of $ 740 million in earmarked spending requests that he had made over the last three years , and his campaign challenged Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton to do the same .
The list included $ 1 million for a hospital where Mr. Obama ’s wife works , money for several projects linked to campaign donors and support for more than 200 towns , civic institutions and universities in Illinois .
But as the Senate debated a bill to restrict the controversial method of paying for home - state projects  a measure defeated Thursday evening 
Mr. Obama ’s presidential campaign also said that only about $ 220 million worth of his requests had been approved by Congress .
And among those that had been killed were his request in 2006 for $ 1 million for an expansion of the University of Chicago Medical Center , where Mr. Obama ’s wife , Michelle , is a vice president .
Mr. Obama ’s aides and officials at the hospital said Mr. Obama ’s wife had had nothing to do with the request .
Campaign officials said he had voluntarily released the list of his earmark requests to underscore his promise to bring greater openness and transparency to government , an issue on which he has tried to put Mrs. Clinton on the defensive .
Another Look At The ' Does File Sharing Equal Stealing ? '
Question
from the more - than - just - a- semantic - argument dept
I go to the pizza shop and they offer me a free soda with two slices .
The soda has value , but I just got it for free , and did so without Coca - Cola granting permission .
I do n't think anyone would claim this is stealing or even wrong or immoral .
My friend lets me borrow a book , which I read .
The book has value .
I got it for free , without the permission of the book author or publisher .
I get on a train and pick up the newspaper that a passenger left behind .
The newspaper has value .
I got it for free , without the newspaper company granting permission .
I do n't think anyone would claim that 's stealing .
I go to the beach .
The people sitting next to me are playing music on their stereo , that I can hear .
The music has value , but I just got it for free , without the permission of the record label .
I go see " Shakespeare in the Park . "
I get to see something of great value for free , without permission of William Shakespeare .
Verizon sees that Sprint is going to announce an " all you can eat plan " and decides to introduce its own similar plan .
Verizon got that idea for a bundle from Sprint for " free " and certainly without Sprint 's permission .
Yet , we call that competition , not stealing .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Jon Healy , whose writing for the LA Times I admire quite a bit , has written up a very balanced discussion concerning whether or not file sharing equals theft .
He links to some of my writings on the subject , as well as pointing to the views of two Nobel Prize winning economists , F.A. Hayek and Milton Friedman , who both point out that copyright is not property , and treating it as such causes problems .
He then presents the entertainment industry 's view , which ( of course ) is that copyright is no different than traditional property .
Then he brings in legal scholar Mark Lemley ( of whose work I 'm also a fan ) who tries to bridge the gap by noting that copyright is n't property , but that infringing it " is wrong , and should be punished . "
However , Lemley also points out that most people recognize copyright is n't traditional property , and the entertainment industry 's insistence that they 're the same works against the industry , as most people recognize immediately that this argument is false , taking away credibility .
Healy comes out on the balanced side himself , suggesting that infringement is close enough to theft .
He does so by comparing it to " theft of service " for cable companies , and noting that " you 're still acquiring something of value without paying for it , and you 're doing it without the seller 's permission . "
This is a commonly used argument , and seems reasonable at a first pass , but I 'd like to address why it 's incorrect .
Just because you acquire something of value for free ( and without theseller 's permission ) it does n't automatically make it " theft . "
Let 's run through some examples :
You can come up with your own examples .
Now I 'm sure people will start picking apart each of these examples .
They 'll say things like in the pizza / soda example , the pizza shop has implicit permission to resell the soda at any price they deem reasonable , since they paid for it in the first place .
But , if that 's the case , then we have another problem for those who claim that copyright is real property -- because the same thingtrue with copyrighted material .
Those who insist that copyright is the same as real property break their own rule byinsisting that they retain perpetual rights to the good , even after it 's been sold .
If copyright were like real property , after the creator sold it , the buyer could do whatever they want with it , including giving it out for free .
Yet , it clearly is not like that .
Coca - Cola sold soda to the pizza shop and the pizza shop can do whatever they want with it , including giving it out for free .
So , if the entertainment industry wants to keep insisting that copyright is just like real property , and therefore infringement is theft , then they should also agree to let anyone who has bought their works do whatever they want with them , including give them away for free .
In fact , each " but , this is different because " explanation for the examples above can easily be turned around to prove the point that copyright is different than real property -- because it applies the same rules differently and deals with fundamentally different types of goods or services .
What it really comes down to , yet again , is that this is a business model problem .
For years , an industry that relied on artificial scarcity is discovering that it's hard to keep that artificial barrier in place .
It can't pretend something is scarce when it 's really infinite -- and trying to limit it will only backfire in the long run .
What you need to do , instead , is figure out new business models that embrace the infinite nature of the goods , and focus on selling additional scarce goods , preferably additional scarce goods that are made even more valuable by freeing up the infinite good .
Filed Under : copyright , file sharing , property , theft
In the wealthiest suburbs of Virginia , a quiet revolution was under way yesterday as life - long republicans switched sides to vote for Barack Obama in the Democratic primary .
So deep is the disillusionment with George Bush , so uninspiring the choice offered by the Republicans , that many life - long conservatives are abandoning the Grand Old Party to support a liberal black candidate .
Even Colin Powell , who served in two Bush administrations , has let it be known that he is considering voting Democrat .
" Every American has an obligation right now at this moment in our history , " Mr Powell said at the weekend , " to look at all the candidates and to make a judgement not simply on the basis of ideology or simply on the basis of political affiliation , but on the basis of who is the best person for all of America . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Laura DeBusk , 37 , a " stay - at - home - mom " , is one of the refuseniks who turned out yesterday for Mr Obama across Virginia , Maryland and Washington DC .
In the past two presidential elections she voted for George Bush in the belief that he could best protect America from terrorists .
It is a choice she now bitterly regrets .
But she has been inspired by Mr Obama 's offer to bring together Americans from all political persuasions : " A friend of mine called me up after she heard I was for Obama , " she said .
" She told me she was as well .
' We 're the Obama - mamas , ' she told me .
And it 's true .
He is so inspiring we are going to volunteer for his campaign . "
Along with many of her friends , Ms DeBusk has broken with the GOP for now .
She is angry with Mr Bush over the war in Iraq , the state of the economy and the damage done to America 's reputation .
" You never know what somebody is going to do in the White House , but to me Barack Obama is a breath of fresh air , " she said while heading out the door to cast her first vote for a Democrat in the Virginia primary .
" He just does n't seem beholden to anyone .
But if Mr Obama is denied the nomination , Ms DeBusk will not be supporting Hillary Clinton .
" She is just too polarising , too divisive , " she said .
" I will vote for McCain instead .
He 's a decent man even if he is less inspiring . "
For rolling comment on the US election visit : independent.co.uk/campaign08
Last week ’s New York Times article reporting efforts to bring more women to computer science by downplaying programming had a deservedly harsh reception from working programmers .
I am not happy that women are underrepresented in software programming .
The absence of talented women who would otherwise speed software progress ( a logical certainty ) is not good for the field , nor is it good for those women who are n’t making the most of their talents .
In summing up the problem , Cornelia Dean ’s opening paragraph hits the right points :
For decades , undergraduate women have been moving in ever greater numbers into science and engineering departments at American universities .
Yet even as they approach or exceed enrollment parity in mathematics , biology and other fields , there is one area in which their presence relative to men is static or even shrinking : computer science .
This is a solid jumping off point , but Dean quickly fell in with the wrong crowd in researching the story .
Trying to pry CS from our cold , typing hands
As far as I can tell , software programming is the most important technology in the world : no other does more to improve and expand our civilization .
It is deep , mind - stretching work ( software that matters , anyway ) and becoming proficient in it requires time and effort .
It stands to reason not only that programming should have its own field of study , but that it should dominate that field of study .
Advancing software programming , through programming itself and computational theory that lends to programming , is and must be the purpose of computer science .
Yet there is resistance to this workaday , civilation - enhancing idea .
As I heard many times in my study of it , computer science is a young field , too young for anyone to authoritatively say what exactly it is .
Wikipedia ’s article on CS is typically convoluted , throwing in the famous Dijkstra quote , “ Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes . ”
It is a truism : the principles of programming exist outside the physical world of computers .
But whatever Dijkstra ’s point was , it is not in conflict with computer science as a discipline ultimately concerned with software programming .
Even astronomy has a purpose , that of expanding human knowledge beyond Earth ’s atmosphere , and there ’s no shame in it .
Many academics have exploited the uncertainty of computer science ’s boundaries , and the cultural mantra of inclusiveness , to encompass in the field any contribution to computing .
The effort seems harmless on its own , and as a student I once intended to specialize in the HCI sub - field ( because I do care about software interfaces ) .
But after two classes , I realized it was just an easy , boring sideshow within CS .
Not that there should n’t be collegiate study of human interaction with computers .
It ’s a terribly important question for society — it just does n’t belong in computer science , programming ’s only academic home .
Being there , it has stagnated as a holding pen for students and faculty who want to be “ computer scientists ” but are not capable programmers .
This travesty is as insulting to the study of interaction design ( its own vigorous , competitive , and productive sub - discipline of design ) as it is to computer science .
The easy - bake oven
In looking for the missing women in computer technology , our intrepid reporter drifted into the backwater of computer science that is not about programming .
Many of us graduates had forgotten that nonsense existed , but its practitioners are still collecting paychecks , brandishing Ph.D.s , and claiming that high school girls avoid computer science because they erroneously “ think of it as programming . ”
Reading their quotes is like hearing your alcoholic uncle speak for the family on the TV news .
“ The nerd factor is huge , ” Dr. Cuny said .
… high school girls think of computer scientists they think of geeks , pocket protectors , isolated cubicles and a lifetime of staring into a screen writing computer code .
Cubicles are a hallmark of corporations , not programming ; the programmer is not even the most common species to be found therein .
Those entering CS for a corporate meal ticket mostly flunk out freshman year ; the rest deserve their cubicles .
And , please : all people spend a lifetime staring into screens in our era , and they should be proud if theirs is more often a computer than a brain - sapping television .
At least , if they want to be computer scientists !
The Advanced Placement high school course in computer science may be part of the problem , according to Dr. Cuny .
“ The AP computer course is a disaster , ” she said .
“ It teaches Java programming , which is very appealing to a lot of people , but not to others .
It does n’t teach what you can do with computers . ”
She and others think the course needs to be redesigned .
There is no such a thing as a national “ course ” in U.S. public high schools , but advanced placement tests are standardized nationally , and teachers are given course outlines .
Personally , I found the whole idea of AP tedious and stifling , so I took English and Biology courses at a local college instead .
Passing the computer science AP test acts as a substitution for the first programming course that CS freshmen take , which is a horrible idea in its own right .
It would actually be a good thing for the AP board to take Cuny ’s advice and water down their CS test , making it more obviously unacceptable for its misguided purpose .
Let it substitute instead for that Intro to CS yawn - fest .
Moving emphasis away from programming proficiency was a key to the success of programs Dr. Blum and her colleagues at Carnegie Mellon instituted to draw more women into computer science .
At one time , she said , admission to the program depended on high overall achievement and programming experience .
The criteria now , she said , are high overall achievement and broad interests , diverse perspectives and whether applicants seem to have potential to be future leaders .
How incredibly self - destructive .
I used to think that Carnegie Mellon was the best computer science school in the U.S. ( they rejected my application ) but it looks like they ’re eager to throw that reputation away in a cheap bid to meet gender quotas .
Speaking of Barbie , this reddit thread points out cultural influences that may discourage girls from programming .
Expanding the non-programming ghettos of computer science and promoting them as a way to interest and accommodate girls is a spectacularly poor attack on the problem .
It is throwing out the baby , the bathwater , the tub , and yourself too .
It is idiotic .
It is the most insulting thing to girls since the “ math is hard ” Barbie .
Girls could learn more computer science in home economics than in a “ wonders of computing ” class because there at least they might get to program a new stitch into an the electronic sewing machine .
If anyone is really interested in getting more girls ( and boys ) into computer science , the answer is to teach it earlier in school .
It does n’t have to be “ Java programming , ” but it does need to be programming .
Start them off in the interpreter of a scripting language like Python and show the kids how easy it is to create something .
Because that is what programming is all about : making things .
Move on to pygame and animate some sprites .
If students are to be taught Java , start with the hands - on , graphical Processing environment and make interactive art for art class .
There is no reason to be defensive , to pretend that computer science is not programming or is n’t “ nerdy . ”
There is no shame in being able to write computer software .
Being a nerd is actually pretty cool in this century .
Perhaps Cornelia
Dean does n’t spend much time below Houston Street : we nerds are running this place !
Everyone has ideas for computers and the internet , but we ’re the ones that can see our own ideas through .
Shame on these no - talent hacks for telling girls that the only kind of computer scientists they can be are non-programming airbags — the world ’s first programmer managed just fine as a woman .
In a ruling on a freedom of information request relating to what is alleged to be the first draft of the dossier published in 2002 , the tribunal said that the public should be allowed to read the document .
The tribunal made its ruling following a three - year campaign by a researcher who believes that the dossier will undermine the government 's claims that the document was entirely drawn up by John Scarlett , the then - head of the joint intelligence committee , and not government spin doctors .
The dossier , which claimed Iraq could launch weapons on of mass destruction within 45 minutes , became the subject of huge controversy when the BBC reported that it had been " sexed up " by Downing Street .
Today 's decision relates to an early version of the dossier written by John Williams , a former Daily Mirror journalist who at the time was head of press at the Foreign Office .
The so - called " Williams draft " was mentioned during the Hutton inquiry but it was never published and at the time the Foreign Office claimed that it had little influence on the version that was eventually published .
The government always claimed that the dossier eventually published in September 2002 was the work of the joint intelligence committee and its chairman , Scarlett .
But Tony Blair was subsequently accused of " sexing up " the dossier to persuade the public to support the war against Iraq and at the time of the Hutton inquiry there was a fierce debate about the extent to which his spin doctors , and principally his press chief , Alastair Campbell , were involved in the wording of the document .
Willliams , who has now retired from the Foreign Office , apparently started writing his version on September 7 2002 , four days after Blair had announced that a dossier on Iraq 's WMD would be published .
At the time of the Hutton inquiry the government insisted that the dossier drafting process had started later and that the Williams version was not relevant .
It was admitted that Williams had attended meetings to discuss the dossier , but it was claimed that he was not " part of the joint intelligence committee machinery " and that his input was marginal .
After considering evidence from the Foreign Office , and reading the Williams draft itself , the tribunal said that the Williams version should be made public .
" Information has been placed before us , which was not before Lord Hutton , which may lead to questions as to whether the Williams draft in fact played a greater part in influencing the drafting of the dossier than has previously been supposed , " said the tribunal , which has the job of adjudicated when public bodies do not accept an order from the information commissioner to release information .
Chris Ames , the researcher who demanded the publication of the Williams draft and whose campaign was supported by the New Statesman , said that today 's ruling " casts doubt over the government 's claim that the document played no part in the production of the dossier " .
In its ruling , the tribunal said that the Williams draft had a " header " at the top with the words " JIC Two Document Version 24 July 2002 " .
The Foreign Office claimed that the reference to JIC - the acronym for joint intelligence committee - was a mistake and that it should have read CIC .
CIC was the acronym for the coalition intelligence centre , a Whitehall body set up to coordinate news during the so - called " war on terror " .
The tribunal also pointed out that the Williams draft had been annotated in two sets of handwriting .
It said that this contradicted the Foreign Office 's claim that the Williams draft was discarded as soon as Scarlett started drawing up his own version .
According to the tribunal , " some sections of the published draft do bear a resemblance to parts of the Williams draft " .
However it said that the similarities " were not such as to lead on easily to the conclusion that one had been based on the other " .
During the Hutton inquiry - which covered the drafting of the dossier in detail because the row about Campbell 's involvement in it eventually culminated in the death of the weapons expert David Kelly - there were hints that the Williams draft contributed to the final version .
An email from a Downing Street press officer was released in which he referred to " some quick thoughts on John 's draft of 9 September " .
The email ended : " We also need to think , once we have John 's further draft tomorrow , how we prepare the ground for the launch of the text to get expectations in the right place " .
Although Williams wrote his draft in September , the Foreign Office had originally started work on a dossier about the WMD threat posed by Iraq and other countries in February 2002 .
This paper was adapted as the year went on .
When Campbell gave evidence to the Hutton inquiry , he claimed that all previous papers relating to WMD were " redundant " .
He was anxious to refute suggestions that he and his team of spin doctors had influenced the content of a document that was supposed to reflect the opinions of the intelligence services .
The tribunal said there should be only a " very small redaction in the manuscript annotation " before it is disclosed .
The information is " not central to the purpose or content " , it added .
A Foreign Office spokesman said : " We will be studying the decision of the tribunal . "
John Baron , a Tory MP , said that the Foreign Office ought to comply with the tribunal 's ruling .
" I am now pressing the foreign secretary immediately to make public the Williams draft so that we can assess for ourselves the significance of this document in the run-up to war - a war which we should never have been party to . "
After today 's ruling , Williams told that the BBC that he always felt his draft should have been published and that he thought it was a mistake that the Foreign Office tried to keep it secret .
" I was surprised when the Foreign Office said it was not going to publish this .
My feeling has been that by refusing to publish it they have given it the apparent importance which I do not believe it has , " he told the BBC .
Williams said that his version was " over - taken " and that it was " never , as far as I was concerned , relevant [ to the final published version ] . "
The BBC story about Downing Street allegedly " sexing up " the dossier claimed that the assertion about Saddam Hussein launching WMD in 45 minutes was added to the dossier at the last minute because Blair and his officials felt early drafts were not very convincing .
Williams told the BBC that his version did not contain the 45 minutes claim .
During the Hutton inquiry , it was established that MI6 only gathered the intelligence about the WMD being launched within 45 minutes - intelligence which turned out to be wrong - shortly before the dossier 's publication .
Funny Cat Photos
If you are the owner of an image on this page and would like it removed , please send an email to catphotos at esaba.com with proof of ownership and I will gladly remove the image . _
By Mark O’Neill
If checking a website ’s PageRank or number of backlinks on Firefox is what fuels your loveboat , then you ’re going to love this one .
SEO Book has an excellent Firefox extension which gives you more than the standard information that Google normally offers .
It also works on Yahoo .
Before you install “ SEO for Firefox ” , this is what Google returns when you search for this blog :
But when you install the SEO extension , the Google search results turn into this :
Among the stats brought back include the Google PageRank , the date of the Google cache , the age of the website , then a variety of websites showing the number of links to that site ( including “ gov ” and “ edu ” sites which rank much higher in search engines ) .
There ’s even a link to whois so you can see who the site belongs to .
This extension has a variety of uses .
Perhaps you are considering setting up a website / blog in a niche subject ?
By using this extension , you can see at a glance how popular that subject is by looking at the number of links and how long each site has been running for .
You can immediately decide if there is an audience or not for another website on toilet seat photos .
Or perhaps you are considering buying a website from the current webmaster ?
Again , having this SEO information at your fingertips helps you to evaluate whether buying the site is a good proposition or not .
Or like me , you can just use it if you ’re curious about your own website or someone else ’s website .
You may find information that you did n’t previously know about .
The extension is completely customizable and you can even switch the extension on and off like a light - switch .
In fact the extension creator specifically asks you not to use the extension during casual surfing but only if you are actively doing SEO research .
The final feature of this extension is a set of links which appear under the search box :
You can read more in - depth about what these links do by going to SEO Book and scrolling down the page , but in general , you can view valuable SEO data about the search terms you have entered , including Yahoo ’s top bid prices for those keywords , view search trends and download the search data to a CSV file .
Scalia says courts should n't prohibit torture Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday February 12 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia rejected the notion that US courts have any control over the actions of American troops at Guantanamo Bay , argued that torture of terror detainees is not banned under the US Constitution and insisted that the high court has no obligation to act as a moral beacon for other nations .
" We do n't pretend to be some Western Mullahs who decide what is right and wrong for the whole world , " Scalia told a BBC interviewer Tuesday , defending narrow interpretation of the reach the US Constitution gives the nine justices on the country 's high court .
Scalia said it was " extraordinary " to suggest that the 8th Amendment , which prohibits the government from engaging in " cruel and unusual punishment , " could be applied to the actions of US interrogators questioning foreign subjects detained overseas .
In his view , Scalia said that while the 8th Amendment would prohibit locking up someone indefinitely as punishment for a crime , for example , the CIA or military would be perfectly justified keeping a suspected insurgent or member of al Qaeda imprisoned forever if the detainee refused to answer questions .
" Is it obvious that what can't be done for punishment can't be done to extract information that is crucial to the society ? "
Scalia asked .
In the BBC interview , which aired on Radio 4's Law in Action , Scalia suggested that it would be inappropriate for the court to deliberately outlaw certain tactics , such as waterboarding .
( The Bush administration recently acknowledged using the simulated drowning procedure at least three times on terror detainees . )
Scalia said tactics critics have described as torture could be usable in so - called " ticking time bomb " scenarios or even when such a pressing deadline does not exist .
" It may not be a bomb in LA , " he said .
" But it may be , where is this group [ believed to be plotting an attack on the US ] ? "
This audio is from BBC's Radio 4 , broadcast February 12 , 2008 .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla . 
The space shuttle Atlantis , dodging an approaching weather front , rumbled into space on Thursday afternoon , carrying the European scientific laboratory Columbus to the International Space Station .
Atlantis and its seven - member crew lifted off into a partly cloudy sky on schedule at 2:45 p.m. Eastern time from the Kennedy Space Center .
The countdown and launch proceeded with few technical problems , but controllers kept a wary eye on approaching rainy weather that could have blocked the flight .
“ Liftoff as Columbus sets sail on a voyage of discovery to the space station , ” said the mission control announcer in Houston , as Atlantis climbed into the sky on a column of beige smoke and steam .
The flight , originally set for December , was delayed while National Aeronautics and Space Administration engineers dealt with a recurring problem of malfunctioning fuel - tank sensors .
So you 're sitting in the pub and your nice - but - naive friend says : " Hey , I heard the most amazing story the other day .
There were these twins , right , a boy and a girl , who were separated at birth and adopted by different families .
And , like , years later , by an amazing coincidence , they meet .
And fall madly in love , and get married .
Straight up !
Then , obviously , they find out they 're actually brother and sister .
And it all has to be annulled , and they 're just devastated .
It 's the ultimate nightmare .
Can you imagine ? "
Assuming your brain is still functioning like the well - oiled piece of precision engineering it is , your response would , I trust , be : " That 's a wind - up if ever I heard one .
Think about it for a minute - you mean these two meet by accident , discover not only that they were both adopted but were born on exactly the same day in exactly the same town , and still never pause to wonder whether they might be related ?
Pull the other one .
What did it say on their birth certificates ? "
Last week it was reported that this unlikely scenario had actually taken place - and news outlets the world over went bananas .
Biologists and psychotherapists came forward to confirm the " genetic inevitability " of the pair 's attraction and lamented the " cruelty of fate " and " trauma of forced separation " .
The tabloids screamed : " Are YOU one of the twins - or do you know them ?
Get in touch NOW on 020 ... "
Here 's the thing : it all came from a single remark more than a month ago by the vehemently anti-abortion Roman Catholic peer and father of four , Lord Alton , in favour of all children having the right to know the identity of their biological parents .
He had heard about this particular case , he said , from the judge who handled the annulment .
Or perhaps ( he later admitted ) a judge who was " familiar with the case " .
Britain 's top family judge , Sir Mark Potter , has never heard of the story .
And , as the excellent Heresy Corner blog notes , the whole thing is statistically improbable , procedurally implausible ( for 40 years , adoption practice has been to keep twins together ) and based on the equivalent of a friend in the pub saying , " Hey , I heard the most amazing story the other day . "
Still , stranger things have happened .
Researchers at the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences in
Toronto
did a fun study using data from 10 million
Ontario
residents looking for associations between various health problems and .... their astrological signs .
And they actually found associations !
In fact , each of the twelve astrological signs had at least two medical disorders associated with them .
Speaking at the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference this weekend , lead researcher Peter Austin , Ph.D. , senior scientist with the Institute for Clinical Sciences , a nonprofit organization in Ontario which evaluates the evidence for health care services , explained their study .
Their point was not to validate star signs but to illustrate that when researchers dredge through a database looking for patterns , they are sure to find them .
That does n’t mean the associations mean anything , however .
These researchers went on to test their initial results in a second group of people and were not able to reproduce them , adding a second caution for us about not believing the conclusions of any single study .
The Statesman of India reports :
Paul leaves open door to third - party bid , unlikely to support McCain David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Monday March 10 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
In an interview on CNN Monday morning , long - shot presidential candidate Ron Paul , whose campaign is winding to a close , says he is unlikely to support presumptive Republican nominee John McCain and he left open the possibility of mounting a third - party bid for the White House .
Recognizing the mathematical impossibility of overtaking presumed GOP nominee John McCain , Paul says his campaign for the White House is down - shifting as he focuses on building his " revolution " in other ways .
The Texas congressman dismissed talk of a third - party presidential campaign as impractical , but he did not completely rule out the idea .
" I do n't think it 's very practical , and I think Republicans deserve to have at least a conservative to vote for , " Paul said .
" The conservative base does not the support John McCain because he 's identified more with the liberal Democrats .
So why should they be disenfranchised ?
Although the odds are slim , but they have a right to vote for someone that stands for traditional Republican principles : limited government , personal liberties .
I mean , this is something the Republicans used to brag about and preach , so they deserve a chance to vote for that . "
Paul said he likely would not support McCain for the sake of unifying the party .
" If you can unify a party and reject your principles , what is unity worth ? ...
I 'm not likely to support John McCain unless he changes his views , " Paul told CNN 's John King Monday morning .
" He does n't represent anything I 've talked about for 30 years .
...
How could I reject everything I 've talked about for 30 years and say , now it 's all over , unity is the most important thing ? "
The libertarian Texas Republican rocketed to prominence after his supporters coalesced on the Internet and fueled independent fundraising drives that shoveled millions of dollars in donations to Paul 's campaign .
Despite the passion of his most committed backers , though , Paul was unable to make much of a dent in any GOP primaries or caucuses this year .
Paul told CNN that he would still compete for delegates in upcoming contests in Pennsylvania and elsewhere to accrue as many delegates as possible to vote on party platforms and other issues at the GOP convention this summer in Minneapolis .
" The true revolution on the change of the party as well as change of the country is ongoing , " he said .
We feel very good about it which means I 'm still in the race but certainly in manner that is less energetic than it was six months ago . "
CNN's John Roberts talked with Ron Paul about how he will end his bid for President .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast March 10 , 2008 .
Transcript via closed captions :: 20 minutes to the top of the hour .
to politics , republican ron paul is winding down his campaign but on his website he says there is still something to fight for . :: the victory in the convention conventional political sense is not available in the race , many victories have been achieved due to hard work and enthusiasm .
elections are short - term efforts .
revolutions are long - term projects . :: congressman ron paul joins me now from his office in texas .
good to see you .
let 's get to you straighten this out .
let 's hear it straight from the horse 's mouth .
is the campaign over or not ? :: no. it 's not over .
it is certainly winding down .
there are a lot less primaries left .
super tuesday has passed .
mccain has the number .
if you 're in a campaign for only gaining power , that 's one thing .
if you 're in a campaign to influence ideas and future of the country , the campaign is never over .
this is a tremendous vehicle for us .
we have gotten 350,000 people together .
i tell you what , they do n't want to quit .
this is just the beginning .
they 're very much involved in influencing the party and getting involved and becoming candidates .
so the true revolution on the change of the party as well as change of the country is ongoing .
we feel very good about it which means i'm still in the race but certainly in manner that is less energetic than it was six months ago . :: but the bottom line is you are going to continue to contest in the upcoming primaries ? :: sure .
i will go .
pennsylvania is coming up .
north carolina is coming up .
we have a lot of supporters there .
i feel obligated because there may be 30,000 volunteers in pennsylvania waving signs .
i do n't feel good about walking away from them .
some of them actually believe a lot of good will come from this .
a lot more have come of this campaign than i ever dreamed .
i did n't think that it would last that long nor we would energize so many nor raise so much money .
we 're really excited about what 's going on . :: congressman , when people say ron paul is out of the presidential race , that 's true , not true , partly true ?
how would you describe it ? :: i would think in a nominal sense what are the odds of us overcoming delegates of john mccain .
so in that way it 's over but the campaign to get the maximum number of votes and maximum number of delegates to participate in writing platforms and talking about the future , i think we 're very much involved and very much alive . :: so you 're still trying to influence the race and get your issues out there .
there are some people that say the best way you can do that is to launch a third party or independent candidacy .
what do you say ? :: it 's not practical .
republicans deserve to have a conservative to vote for .
right now the conservative base does not the support john mccain because he 's identified more with liberal democrats .
why should they be disenfranchised ?
the odds are slim but they have a right to vote for someone that stands for traditional republican principles .
this is something the republicans used to brag about and preach .
they deserve a chance to vote for that .
:: mccain is on the campaign trail now saying he 's trying to unify the party and reenergize the party .
are you suggesting he's not the guy to do that ? :: well , i would suggest that unity might be secondary to principle .
what do we believe in ?
if you can unify a party and reject principles , what is unity worth ?
i would say it 's a healthy thing to have a discussion and debate .
that 's what the campaign is all about . :: will you support john mccain ? :: i'm not likely to support jik unless he changes his views .
he does n't represent anything i've talked about for 30 years .
nonintervention , foreign policy , free markets .
no child left behind .
i mean , he does n't stand for any of those things .
how could i reject everything i've talked about for 30 years and say now it 's all over .
unity is the most important thing .
now i endorse john mccain .
nobody would understand that .
i certainly would have a difficult time adapting to that .
:: the flip side of that coin , you are the only republican calling for a withdraw from iraq .
if you 're not going to become president and be in a position to affect that , would they be better off voting for the democratic candidate ? :: i do n't think so i do n't think they 're very sincere .
if you look at obama 's voting record , he 's voted not to end the war .
he 's voted to finance the war .
his rhetoric is playing to the people that come my way but he is every bit as much of an -- he wants to send more troops into afghanistan .
he wants to broaden the military .
i think it 's a fraud what he 's talking about when he wants to really get out of iraq .
i think that 's politics . :: all right .
well congressman ron paul from texas this morning .
still in the race sort of i guess is the way that we could best put that .
thanks for being with us .
we look forward to your continued participation and future appearances on this program . :: thank you , john . :: all right .
we 'll talk to you soon .
Artist ’s impression of the extrasolar planet HD 189733 b , now known to have methane and water .
Astronomers used the Hubble Space Telescope to detect methane — the first organic molecule found on an extrasolar planet .
Hubble also confirmed the presence of water vapour in the Jupiter - size planet ’s atmosphere , a discovery made in 2007 with the help of the Spitzer Space Telescope .
They made the finding by studying how light from the host star filters through the planet ’s atmosphere .
Credits : ESA / NASA / UCL ( G. Tinetti )
The Hubble Space Telescope has made the first detection ever of an organic molecule in the atmosphere of a planet orbiting another star .
This breakthrough is an important step in eventually identifying signs of life on a planet outside our Solar System .
Hubble found the tell - tale signature of methane in the atmosphere of the Jupiter - sized extrasolar planet HD 189733b .
Under the right circumstances , methane can play a key role in prebiotic chemistry – the chemical reactions considered necessary to form life as we know it .
Although methane has been detected on most of the planets in our Solar System , this is the first time any organic molecule has been detected on a world orbiting another star .
This discovery proves that Hubble and upcoming space missions , such as the NASA / ESA / CSA James Webb Space Telescope , can detect organic molecules on planets around other stars using spectroscopy , which splits light into its components to reveal the fingerprints of various chemicals .
“ This is a crucial stepping stone to eventually characterising prebiotic molecules on planets where life could exist ” , said Mark Swain of NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) , USA , who led the team that made the discovery .
Swain is lead author of a paper to be published in tomorrow ’s issue of Nature .
The discovery comes after extensive observations in May 2007 carried out with Hubble ’s Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer ( NICMOS ) .
It also confirms the existence of water molecules in the planet ’s atmosphere , a discovery originally made by co-author Giovanna Tinetti in 2007 while she was an ESA fellow at Institute d’Astrophysique de Paris , France , using NASA ’s Spitzer space telescope .
“ With this observation there is no question whether there is water or not – water is present ” , said Swain .
The planet HD 189733 b , now known to have methane and water vapour , is located 63 light - years away in the constellation Vulpecula , the little fox .
HD 189733 b , a hot Jupiter - type extrasolar planet , is so close to its parent star that it takes just over two days to complete an orbit .
Hot Jupiters are the size of Jupiter but orbit closer to their stars than Mercury , the innermost planet in our Solar System .
HD 189733 b ’s atmosphere swelters at 900 ºC , about the same temperature as the melting point of silver .
The observations were made as the planet passed in front of its parent star in what astronomers call a transit .
As the light from the star passed briefly through the atmosphere along the edge of the planet , the gases in the atmosphere imprinted their unique signatures on the light from the star HD 189733 .
Giovanna Tinetti , now affiliated to University College added , “ Water alone could not explain all the spectral features observed .
The additional contribution of methane is necessary to fit the Hubble data ” .
Methane , composed of carbon and hydrogen , is one of the main components of natural gas , a product of petroleum .
On Earth , methane is produced by a variety of sources : natural sources such as termites , the oceans and wetland environments , but also from livestock and manmade sources such as waste landfills and as a by - product of energy generation .
Tinetti is however quick to rule out any biological origin of the methane found on HD 189733b .
“ The planet ’s atmosphere is far too hot for even the hardiest life to survive — at least the kind of life we know from Earth .
It ’s highly unlikely that cows could survive here ! ”
The astronomers were surprised to find that the planet has more methane than predicted by conventional models for hot Jupiters .
This type of hot planet should have much more carbon monoxide than methane but HD 189733 b does n’t .
Tinetti adds : “ A sensible explanation is that the Hubble observations were more sensitive to the dark night - side of this planet where the atmosphere is slightly colder and the photochemical mechanisms responsible for methane destruction are less efficient than on the day - side ” .
Although this star - hugger is too hot for life as we know it , “ this observation is proof that spectroscopy can eventually be done on a cooler and potentially habitable Earth - sized planet orbiting a dimmer red dwarf - type star ” , Swain said .
The ultimate goal of studies like these is to identify prebiotic molecules in the atmospheres of planets in the habitable zones around other stars , where temperatures are right for water to remain liquid rather than freeze or evaporate away .
“ These measurements are an important step to our ultimate goal of determining the conditions , such as temperature , pressure , winds , clouds , etc. , and the chemistry on planets where life could exist .
Infrared spectroscopy is really the key to these studies because it is best matched to detecting molecules ” , said Swain .
The paper ‘ Methane present in an extrasolar planet atmosphere ’ by Mark Swain , Gautam Vasisht and Giovanna Tinetti is being published in the 20 March issue of the journal Nature .
Source : ESA
Explore further Water on exoplanet cloud tops could be found with hi-tech instrumentation
Several unscrupulous drugmakers have given their herbal erection pills a pinch of special ingredients – chemicals that are terrifyingly similar to real Viagra and Levitra .
Dutch public health scientists caught them while analyzing a batch of seized pharmaceuticals .
In a report to Forensic Science International , which became available on Feb. 21 , Dries de Kaste and his team explained that each of the shady products includes unnatural chemicals that are not listed on their labels .
Since none of those molecules have been tested in rigorous safety studies , and each can affect the cardiovascular system or interact with other drugs , they are quite dangerous .
At the Dutch National Institute for Public Health and the
Environment in Bilthoven , de Kaste and his colleagues tested the confiscated medications with an HPLC mass spectrometer , which is a classic tool for forensic science .
Simply put , it can separate out each chemical in a complicated mixture and then identify them individually .
When several unusual molecules showed up in their initial screen , the scientists did some further analysis with a Nuclear Magnetic
Resonance spectrometer .
It can give detailed information about the shape and composition of a chemical .
Using that instrument , de Kaste and his colleagues verified that they had indeed found molecules which are very similar to prescription erectile dysfunction drugs , but not quite the same .
When the researchers purified and tested the synthetic additives on a phosphodiesterase enzyme , the protein which erection pills affect , they learned that each of the phony medications was nearly as strong as the approved ones .
Toward the end of their report , the regulatory scientists speculated that unethical drugmakers read the patent literature for Viagra and Levitra and then intentionally brewed molecules that are quite similar .
So far , at least one manufacturer has faced the firm hand of the law .
The makers of Libidfit were taken to court and their product was blacklisted .
But punishing one company is not enough , de Kaste and his team think that the government should be hard on all of the unethical businesses .
He suggested that each of the suspicious products should be pulled from the market .
If you have any puns that fit well with this story , please share them .
Vote for your favorites by clicking on the arrows .
Submit a Pun
While you can submit as many puns as you want , you can only submit one every 30 minutes .
No HTML allowed .
Back to top
Shedding new light on the great cognitive rift between humans and animals , a Harvard University scientist has synthesized four key differences in human and animal cognition into a hypothesis on what exactly differentiates human and animal thought .
In new work presented for the first time at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , Marc Hauser , professor of psychology , biological anthropology , and organismic and evolutionary biology in Harvard ’s Faculty of Arts and Sciences , presents his theory of “ humaniqueness , ” the factors that make human cognition special .
He presents four evolved mechanisms of human thought that give us access to a wide range of information and the ability to find creative solutions to new problems based on access to this information .
“ Animals share many of the building blocks that comprise human thought , but paradoxically , there is a great cognitive gap between humans and animals , ” Hauser says .
“ By looking at key differences in cognitive abilities , we find the elements of human cognition that are uniquely human .
The challenge is to identify which systems animals and human share , which are unique , and how these systems interact and interface with one another . ”
Recently , scientists have found that some animals think in ways that were once considered unique to humans :
For example , some animals have episodic memory , or non-linguistic mathematical ability , or the capacity to navigate using landmarks .
However , despite these apparent similarities , a cognitive gulf remains between humans and animals .
Hauser presents four distinguishing ingredients of human cognition , and shows how these capacities make human thought unique .
These four novel components of human thought are the ability to combine and recombine different types of information and knowledge in order to gain new understanding ; to apply the same “ rule ” or solution to one problem to a different and new situation ; to create and easily understand symbolic representations of computation and sensory input ; and to detach modes of thought from raw sensory and perceptual input .
Earlier scientists viewed the ability to use tools as a unique capacity of humans , but it has since been shown that many animals , such as chimpanzees , also use simple tools .
Differences do arise , however , in how humans use tools as compared to other animals .
While animal tools have one function , no other animals combine materials to create a tool with multiple functions .
In fact , Hauser says , this ability to combine materials and thought processes is one of the key computations that distinguish human thought .
According to Hauser , animals have “ laser beam ” intelligence , in which a specific solution is used to solve a specific problem .
But these solutions cannot be applied to new situations or to solve different kinds of problem .
In contrast , humans have “ floodlight ” cognition , allowing us to use thought processes in new ways and to apply the solution of one problem to another situation .
While animals can transfer across systems , this is only done in a limited way .
“ For human beings , these key cognitive abilities may have opened up other avenues of evolution that other animals have not exploited , and this evolution of the brain is the foundation upon which cultural evolution has been built , ” says Hauser .
Source : Harvard University
What is God like ?
Is he merciful , just , loving , vengeful , jealous ?
Is he a bodiless force , a cool watchmaker , or a hot interventionist , a doer with big opinions , a busy chap up in Heaven ?
Does he , for instance , approve of charity and disapprove of adultery ?
Or are these attributes instead like glass baubles that we throw against the statue of his invisibility , inevitably shattering into mere words ?
The medieval Jewish thinker Maimonides thought that it was futile to belittle God by giving him human attributes ; to do so was to commit what later philosophers would call a category mistake .
We cannot describe his essence ; better to worship in reverent silence .
“ Silence is praise to thee , ” Maimonides wrote , quoting from the second verse of Psalm 65 .
Alter ’s translation yields an ancient text stripped of Christian ideas .
ALEX WILLIAMSON
Whatever one thinks of Maimonides ’ chilly rigor , it is cannily paradoxical that even as he advises silence he quotes from the noisiest book in the Hebrew Bible .
And , not only that , but from the very book that dramatizes , again and again , the gap between our language and the indescribable God , between our certainty that God is with us and our anxiety that he has abandoned us , between his cosmic proportions and our comic littleness .
The Book of Psalms is the great oasis in which a desert people gathers to pour out its complaints , fears , hopes ; the Psalms are prayers , songs , incantations , and perhaps even soliloquies .
In them , the supplicants invoke God as their light , their water , their warrior , their scourge , their buckler , their rod , and their staff .
But these images , these human metaphors , also expose the frailty of such supplication , since just as God is conjured into words he seems to disappear : many of the Psalms are like flares sent out into the night sky of appeal .
Jesus cried out at his abandonment on the Cross by quoting the opening verse of Psalm 22 , “ My God , my God , why have You forsaken me ? ”
The verses continue :
Far from my rescue are the words that I roar .
My God , I call out by day and You do not answer , by night — no stillness for me .
The famous beginning of Psalm 19 announces that the heavens declare the glory of God and the sky declares his handiwork .
Eighteenth - century deists were fond of these verses , because they seem to argue that we can infer God ’s existence from the glorious evidence of his creation .
But the psalm uncomfortably changes course a moment later :
Day to day breathes utterance and night to night pronounces knowledge .
There is no utterance and there are no words , their voice is never heard .
Now the psalmist seems to say that , if the heavens speak anything , it is not language but possibly only a highly visual silence .
Almost three thousand years before such modern doubt , we are briefly in the world of Melville , who complained of “ that profound Silence , that only Voice of our God , ” asking “ how can a man get a Voice out of Silence ? ”
This struggle between faith and doubt , hope and despair , is undoubtedly one of the features that have made the Psalms such a help to so many readers and writers , both believers and nonbelievers — and especially to Christians , who have appropriated this book like no other in the Hebrew Bible .
The seventeenth - century poet George Herbert perfectly captures this dappled texture in his psalmlike poem “ Bitter - Sweet ” :
Ah my dear angry Lord , Since thou dost love , yet strike ; Cast down , yet help afford ; Sure I will do the like .
I will complain , yet praise ; I will bewail , approve :
And all my sour - sweet days I will lament , and love .
Robert Alter ’s new translation , “ The Book of Psalms ” ( Norton ; $ 35 ) , is radical , at least to a reader brought up on the early - seventeenth - century King James Version .
Alter has previously translated a good portion of the Old Testament : the five books of Moses ( the Pentateuch , or Torah ) and the two books of Samuel .
His work has been characterized by eloquence , scholarly scrupulousness , and a desire to convey in English the concrete ferocity of the original Hebrew .
He is particularly alive to formal aspects of ancient Hebrew poetry and prose such as repetition , internal rhythm , and parallelism ( in which a phrase amplifies and almost repeats a preceding phrase , as in “ He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass : as showers that water the earth , ” from Psalm 72 ) .
Because the Psalms are poems , he wants to preserve in English what he calls the “ rhythmic compactness ” of the originals , “ something one could scarcely guess from the existing English versions . ”
His helpful introduction is more polemical than the exegeses he has provided for his other translations : he argues that even the King James translators , whom he , like everyone else , has always admired , pad out their versions with filler .
Look at what Alter does with the last three verses of Psalm 23 , that loyal retainer at funerals and memorial services .
The K.J.V. is seemingly indelible :
Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff comfort me .
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies : thou anointest my head with oil ; my cup runneth over .
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life : and I will dwell in the house of the LORD for ever .
Alter reminds us that Hebrew has a structural brevity that is hard to mimic in English , because in Hebrew , among other differences , “ the pronominal subject of verbs is usually indicated by the way the verb is conjugated , without need to introduce the pronoun , unless it is added for emphasis . ”
Thus , in Alter ’s example , “ He will guard you ” is one word , yishmorkha .
Since the verb “ to be ” has no present tense , and is only implied by the relation of a subject noun and a predicate noun , “ The LORD is my shepherd ” is only two words and four syllables in the Hebrew — YHWH ro‘i .
Alter ’s version of the psalm wisely retains the chaste brevity of the K.J.V. ’s first verse : “ The LORD is my shepherd , / I shall not want . ”
But Alter thinks that the famous and beautiful phrase “ Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil ” ( which was not , in fact , the invention of the King James translators but mostly Miles Coverdale ’s version , from 1535 ) conveys little of the original .
The Hebrew amounts to eight words , eleven syllables .
The English flops in at seventeen words , twenty syllables .
So here is Alter ’s inspired attempt to English the Hebrew :
Though I walk in the vale of death ’s shadow , I fear no harm , For You are with me .
Your rod and Your staff — it is they that console me .
You set out a table before me in the face of my foes .
You moisten my head with oil , my cup overflows .
Let but goodness and kindness pursue me all the days of my life .
And I shall dwell in the house of the LORD for many long days .
Alter compresses the opening lines into just thirteen words , fourteen syllables .
He also tries to capture the two - beat and three - beat stresses of the original , an attempt that the King James translators here waive , though in other psalms one sometimes hears the ancient pulse .
Most of the Psalms were probably written between about 1000 and 300 B.C.E. ;
Alter thinks it unlikely that any of them are later than the fifth or the fourth century B.C.E .
Some of them were liturgical in origin and function , chanted or sung at the temple .
Others , probably the shorter Psalms , were songs , poems , individual prayers , which is why we so often have the sense of a person moving through different stations of belief , and emerging into the light of what Herbert , in his poem “ Prayer , ” calls “ something understood . ”
Many Psalms seem to involve three modes , shuffled into different combinations , which one could call plea , plaint , and praise .
Psalm 13 is characteristic , beginning in plaint with the great central cry of the Psalter , “ How long ” : “ How long , O LORD , will you forget me always ? /
How long hide your face from me ? /
How long shall I cast about for counsel , sorrow in my heart all day ?
How long will my enemy loom over me ? ”
( In the very psalmic middle section of “ To the Lighthouse , ” in which time eats away at the Ramsays ’ house and war booms and empires clash , Virginia Woolf knowingly uses this “ how long ” refrain , putting it into the mouth of the weary lady who has come to clean the summer house . )
Then , in the fourth verse , the supplicant switches to a plea : “ Regard , answer me , LORD , my God . / Light up my eyes , lest I sleep death . ”
And in the last verse of this short psalm the writer switches again , this time to a kind of formulaic praise , apparently sure that his prayer has worked : “ But I in Your kindness do trust .
. . .
Let me sing to the LORD , / for He requited me . ”
The three modes are very close to each other in spirit , staining each other : one often hears a barely suppressed note of desperation in the praise , as if it were about to collapse back into plea or plaint .
When the psalmist exults “ Let me sing to the LORD , / for He requited me , ” at the end of a prayer that is only six verses long , and which has barely earned its right to such certainty , do we accept it as a statement of fact or as an expression of wishful yearning ?
Why would a God so absent six verses earlier suddenly make himself present ?
This is all part of the human drama of the Psalms , that sense we have of a voice arguing with itself and its God .
You could say that soliloquy begins in the Psalms , in a private prayer that is subsequently written down .
In the second Book of Samuel , King David , flush with military victory , launches into a long psalm , in which he thanks God for his victory , praises him in grandiloquent terms , and relishes his triumph : “ He mounted a cherub and flew , / He soared on the wings of the wind .
. . .
I pursued my foes and destroyed them .
. . .
I cut them down , smashed them , they did not rise . ”
( Psalm 18 is virtually identical to David ’s song . )
One can imagine David , in a stage version of his story , approaching the audience and speaking these thoughts aloud .
The residue of this origin is still apparent in Shakespearean soliloquy , in which heroes and heroines invoke the gods as they speak their thoughts —
Edmund ’s “ Now , gods , stand up for bastards ! , ” Lear ’s “ Blow , winds , and crack your cheeks ! , ” Lady Macbeth ’s “ Come , you spirits . . . unsex me here . ”
Macbeth ’s soliloquies borrow from Psalm 18 and from Psalm 90 .
Verse 9 of Psalm 90 ( “ we bring our years to an end , as it were a tale that is told , ” in Coverdale ’s translation ) becomes “ It is a tale / Told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , / Signifying nothing . ”
Psalm 90 is one of the most exquisite of the Psalms .
Shakespeare was no doubt happy to borrow from it because it has a quality of desolation ( despite its religious affirmations ) that he wanted Macbeth to feel and transmit at the end of his life .
The psalm uses different temporalities to evoke the massiveness of God ’s presence .
Before the mountains were born , the psalmist says , you not were but “ are God . ”
A thousand years in your sight , he continues , “ are like yesterday gone , / like a watch in the night . ”
( Alter nicely comments that this triadic diminishment takes us from a thousand years to a day , and , finally , to a night watch , lasting just a few hours . )
We humans , by contrast , are like the grass that grows up in the day and withers by night ; “ all our days slip away in Your anger . ”
Our days are “ but seventy years , / and if in great strength , eighty years . ”
At any time , God can cancel a life .
“ So teach us to number our days , ” as the King James Version has it , “ that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom . ”
Philip Larkin ’s little poem “ Days ” offers a sarcastic commentary on the idea of numbering our days :
What are days for ?
Days are where we live .
They come , they wake us Time and time over .
They are to be happy in :
Where can we live but days ?
As always in the Psalms , there are two Gods : the known God , who gives and takes away life , and the unknown God , who may or may not be amenable to pleas .
The certainty of God ’s presence and the mystery of his salvation dance around each other .
Psalm 90 , like many others , belongs to a theological landscape quite remote from our own .
Its wisdom is spacious and fortifying , but while we all feel the brevity and smallness of human life — perhaps especially so now , with our new , borderless knowledge of the cosmos — most of us no longer use an angry and capricious deity as the means of our measurement .
This is what the Biblical scholar James Kugel refers to as the “ starkness ” of the Hebrew Bible , a bare , hard world in which a desert landscape of rocks and rare streams is briefly lit up by columns of fire .
For the Psalms , as well as being prayers , are also a people ’s military songs , with martial values very different from those we nowadays cherish .
How many people , dabbing at tears at some memorial service , actually listen to the words of Psalm 23 , in which an archaic satisfaction is taken in the fact that God , now more of a captain or a warlord than a shepherd , will set out a table for me in front of mine enemies ?
Look , I ’ll stuff myself while you just watch !
( I suppose it might bring to mind the reception afterward . )
In his commentary for the Anchor Bible text on the Psalms , Mitchell Dahood finds a useful analogue for this attitude in an ancient Akkadian text : “ A petty ruler of the fourteenth century B.C. addressed the following request to the Pharaoh : ‘ May he give gifts to his servants while our enemies look on . ’ ”
The Psalms , like the rest of the Hebrew Bible , are haunted by the traces of the paganism that Judaism must refute .
God is merciful and just but is also seen as what Alter calls “ a warrior god on the model of the Canaanite Baal riding through the skies with clouds as his chariot , brandishing lightning bolts as his weapons . ”
Throughout the Old Testament , one is aware of the unnaturalness , in ancient terms , of choosing only one God and sticking with him .
A bargain has been struck , in which Yahweh says , in effect , “ If you choose only me I will choose only you . ”
But both sides find it hard to honor their pledges .
How much more consoling , really , to worship lots of gods — to make grateful images of them , to have certain gods work for you as personal helpers and aides — than to be rescued from such comfiness by the irascible and nearinvisible singularity that is Yahweh .
The Israelites waver , and thus , in the Book of Exodus , after the parting of the Red Sea , they give thanks to God in a psalmlike hymn in which , as in a kind of straw poll , Yahweh has beaten various contenders :
Who is like
You among the gods , O LORD , who is like You , mighty in holiness ?
One of the verses of Psalm 92 — “ For , look , Your enemies , O LORD , / for , look , Your enemies perish , / all the wrongdoers are scattered ” — virtually repeats a line from one of the polytheistic Ugaritic texts found in Syria , in 1928 .
The earlier Ugaritic text , however , invokes Baal : “ Look , your enemies , O Baal , / look , your enemies you will smash . ”
Psalm 82 tells a story in which God — the Jewish God of the Psalms — stands up in a council of other gods and essentially fires his colleagues for not being compassionate enough .
Alter ’s translation is especially helpful in these cases , because he is determined to remind his readers that they are reading ancient texts with hybrid origins , not Christian prayers with dedicated destinations .
The Psalms ( like the Book of Job ) were relentlessly Christianized by the King James translators .
Nefesh , meaning “ life breath ” and , by extension , “ life , ” was translated by Jerome in the Latin Vulgate as anima and then as “ soul ” in the K.J.V. , even though , as Alter points out , soul “ strongly suggests a body - soul split — with implications of an afterlife — that is alien to the Hebrew Bible and to Psalms in particular . ”
The ancient Hebrew word for the shadowy underworld where the dead go , Sheol , was Christianized as “ Hell , ” even though there is no such concept in the Hebrew Bible .
Alter prefers the words “ victory ” and “ rescue ” as translations of yeshu‘ah , and eschews the Christian version , which is the heavily loaded “ salvation . ”
And so on .
Stripping his English of these artificial cleansers ,
Alter takes us back to the essence of the meaning .
Suddenly , in a world without Heaven , Hell , the soul , and eternal salvation or redemption , the theological stakes seem more local and temporal : “ So teach us to number our days . ”
Psalm 23 , again , is greatly refreshed by translation .
Everything is clearer , seeming to have been rinsed not in the baptismal water of the New Testament but in the life - giving water of the desert .
Verse 3 of the K.J.V. has “ He restoreth my soul : he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name ’s sake . ”
Alter offers “ my life He brings back .
/
He leads me on pathways of justice / for His name ’s sake . ”
God saves not our souls but our lives , in Alter ’s version .
And instead of God anointing our heads with oil , as in the K.J.V. , in Alter ’s English “ You moisten my head with oil . ”
A footnote points out that the Hebrew verb is not one used for anointment , “ and its associations are sensual rather than sacramental . ”
By its end , the psalm is no longer an extended Christian analogy ( Christ as the Good Shepherd , anointing his flock ) but the giving of thanks by a vulnerable tribe to a deity for its protection .
The K.J.V. has the last half line of the psalm as “ and I will dwell in the house of the LORD for ever . ”
Alter slaps a term limit on the eternal , and suggests “ And I shall dwell in the house of the LORD / for many long days . ”
Again , a footnote anchors the decision : “ The viewpoint of the poem is in and of the here and now and is in no way eschatological .
The speaker hopes for a happy fate all his born days . ”
But Alter is musically and poetically sensitive , too , and when the King James translators get something right he lets it be .
Psalm 137 , my favorite in the book , was written during or after the Babylonian exile of the sixth century B.C.E. , when Jerusalem was conquered by the Babylonians and the Judeans deported .
“ By the rivers of Babylon , there we sat down , yea , we wept , when we remembered Zion , ” as the K.J.V. has it .
The psalmist goes on to say that their captors taunted them : “ Sing us one of the songs of Zion . ”
But the exiles had hung their harps on trees rather than “ sing the LORD ’s song in a strange land . ”
It is an exceptionally beautiful and complex lament , in which the poet pledges never to forget Jerusalem ( “ If I forget thee , O Jerusalem , let my right hand forget her cunning ” ) even as he claims to find it impossible to sing of Jerusalem while in exile .
And , in a further twist , the psalm itself represents just such a song of Jerusalem , a remembrance .
These paradoxes combine in an electrifying moment in verse 7 , when the poet reminds his readers of the awful day when the Babylonians , the enemies of the Jews , razed Jerusalem to the ground :
After an acrimonious investigation that spanned four years , the Senate Intelligence Committee is preparing to release a detailed critique of the Bush administration ’s claims in the buildup to war with Iraq , congressional officials said .
The long - delayed document catalogs dozens of prewar assertions by President Bush and other administration officials that proved to be wildly inaccurate about Iraq ’s alleged stockpiles of banned weapons and pursuit of nuclear arms .
But officials say the report reaches a mixed verdict on the key question of whether the White House misused intelligence to make the case for war .
The document criticizes White House officials for making assertions that failed to reflect disagreements or uncertainties in the underlying intelligence on Iraq , officials said .
But the report acknowledges that many claims were consistent with intelligence assessments in circulation at the time .
Advertisement
Because of the nuanced nature of the conclusions , one congressional official familiar with the document said : “ The left is not going to be happy .
The right is not going to be happy .
Nobody is going to be happy . ”
The report helps culminate a series of investigations that the committee has carried out in connection with the war in Iraq .
The “ statements report ” was stalled repeatedly , in part because of the complexity of the task but also because of partisan disagreements among senators .
The findings are likely to be a source of political discomfort for the White House by reviving the controversy over the Bush administration ’s case for war .
That issue has largely faded from view on Capitol Hill at a time when the White House is sparring with Congress over other intelligence - related issues : CIA interrogation tactics and the scope of the government ’s wiretapping authority .
The report could also become political fodder for the presidential race , which has focused on the differing positions of the remaining candidates on the decision to invade Iraq .
Advertisement
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Committee had initially pushed for the report to focus not only on the prewar claims of the Bush administration but also on statements made by members of Congress , including Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D - N.Y. ) , who is vying for her party ’s presidential nomination .
“ The statements report is clearly the most political of all the reports the committee has done , ” said a senior committee aide .
“ It ’s inherently problematic to try to climb inside the heads [ of policymakers ] and know what they knew at the time . ”
Officials said the report is divided into categories that focus on prewar claims about Iraq ’s alleged chemical , biological and nuclear weapons programs , as well as its supposed ties to Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups .
Each section includes a catalog of as many as 20 prewar claims , as well as a summary conclusion on whether the assertions were generally warranted .
Advertisement
“ The whole purpose of this exercise is to answer questions about whether the administration was honest in its use of intelligence when it made the case for war , ” said a senior aide to Sen . John D. Rockefeller IV ( D - W.Va . ) , the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee .
In many cases , statements that were later proven wrong -- such as President Bush ’s assertion in September 2002 that Iraq “ possesses biological and chemical weapons ” -- were largely in line with U.S. intelligence assessments at the time .
Prewar assertions about Iraq ’s nuclear program were more problematic because they were supported by some intelligence assessments but not others .
“ They were substantiated , ” a congressional official said , “ but did n’t convey the disagreements within the intelligence community . ”
Advertisement
In August 2002 , for example , Vice President Dick Cheney said in a speech that “ Saddam [ Hussein ] has resumed his efforts to acquire nuclear weapons . ”
But by that time , the State Department ’s intelligence bureau was challenging the assumption that Iraq ’s nuclear program had been reactivated .
White House suggestions that Iraq had ties to Al Qaeda were at odds with intelligence assessments that voiced skepticism about such a relationship .
The report marks the culmination of a multipart investigation that the committee launched in February 2004 .
The only remaining task is an investigation into the activities of a Pentagon office led by Douglas J. Feith , then undersecretary of Defense for policy and one of the architects of the Iraq war .
Congressional officials said the panel is nearing completion of a report on that subject that will focus largely on a secret post - Sept. 11 meeting between two Defense Department officials who worked for Feith and an Iranian exile , Manucher Ghorbanifar , who had been a middleman in the Iran - Contra scandal in the 1980s and was regarded by the CIA as unreliable .
Advertisement
The report focusing on the Bush administration ’s prewar statements is set to be delivered to members of the committee this week , officials said .
But it could be weeks away from public release because members may push for changes , and much of the material cited in the report has yet to be approved for declassification by U.S. intelligence officials .
Dissatisfied with the scope of the report , Republicans on the panel are expected to attach a section outlining their objections and calling attention to prewar claims by prominent Democrats , including Clinton .
In an October 2002 speech on the Senate floor , Clinton said that if left unchecked , Hussein “ will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons . ”
--
Advertisement
greg.miller@latimes.com
Brad Anderson and Gregor Richards
This talk intends to introduce the present and future of the D development stack : Everything from build tools to configuration management all the way up to project management .
The past and present of DSSS and of DSource will be explained by their respective creators , and their integrated future will be revealed .
This will outline the reasons why D - specific tools and services exist , what D - specific tools like rebuild , build ( bud ) and DSSS can do to make D development easier , and what can be expected from both in the future .
Whether you 're hosting at SourceForge , your own site or DSource , and whether you 're using a D - specific tool or still using C - tailored tools like make , this talk should be informative .
DSource presentation ppt
DSSS presentation pdf
Video
The euro climbed to a record high of US $ 1.5070 in midmorning European trading on Wednesday as sentiment increased that the U.S. Federal Reserve would continue its rate cut campaign .
Oil prices rose to a new intraday high near $ 102 a barrel Wednesday as a slide in the U.S. dollar prompted investors to pump more money into energy futures as a hedge against inflation .
Along with the rise in the British pound , which is nearing US $ 2 again , the surging euro will not be kind to Americans visiting Europe — they ’ll have to pay more for hotel rooms in , entrance fees at the Louvre and chocolates in Belgium .
On the other hand , the stronger Euro makes shopping trips to the more appealing to Europeans .
The Euro ’s strength is not likely to weaken anytime soon , given that any “ worsening in interest - rate differentials dilutes a key support for the dollar . ”
Weaker growth prospects in the United States , coupled with its deficit will “ exert a significant downward influence ” in the long term and cause some countries to shift more of their reserves from dollars to other currencies , including the Euro .
But , at the same time , the European Central Bank , which has left its own rates unchanged since last summer , is expected to keep them at 4 percent when it meets next week .
Read
Lower interest rates can jump - start a nation ’s economy , but may weigh on its currency as traders transfer funds to countries where they can earn higher returns .
But traders in both the energy market and the stock market , which also advanced sharply , seemed largely unfaded .
Oil has risen in recent days amid an increase in speculative buying , with some traders believing that global demand will be high enough to support higher crude prices even if the American economy is slowing .
“ Crude has cracked through the $ 100 - level again and that ’s driven by financial investors moving money into commodities markets , ”
Also supporting prices were concerns about supply disruptions from unrest in , a major oil exporter .
Turkish ground forces pushed their offensive against Kurdish rebels deeper into the north of , seizing seven guerrilla camps .
Asteroid is due to make flyby of Earth
An asteroid rarely gets close enough to Earth to be bright enough to see with a backyard telescope or binoculars , but islanders might see one tomorrow night , said University of Hawaii astronomer David Tholen .
The closest approach of asteroid 2007 TU24 to Earth will be about 334,000 miles , about 1.4 times the distance of Earth to the moon , at 10:46 p.m. tomorrow , " for 27 seconds , " he said .
" It will be far in the northern part of the sky and moving very rapidly . "
At its brightest , it may be out of range for typical binoculars , he said .
But observers with a small telescope should be able to see it , he said .
" It will be easy to identify just by pointing and waiting for something to move .
It wo n't take very long to notice the motion . "
The asteroid is estimated to be 500 to 2,000 feet long .
It was discovered last October by the Catalina Sky Survey in Arizona .
It wo n't affect the Earth , said Don Yeomans , manager of the Near - Earth Object Program Office at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
The next time an asteroid about the same size will approach that close to Earth will be in 2027 , according to NASA .
But Tholen said , " Between now and 2027 , we will probably find something new that we do n't know about that will come closer . "
Tracking potentially dangerous near - Earth asteroids and comets is one of the things the Panoramic Survey Telescope and Rapid Response System , known as Pan - STARRS , will do , he pointed out .
A prototype of Pan -STARRS is being developed on Haleakala , Maui , and Mauna Kea on the Big Island has been proposed as the site for a permanent system .
Another asteroid , 2007 WD5 , is expected to pass about 16,000 miles from Mars next week .
" We have bit of connection to that , " Tholen said .
His research team , including Fabrizio Bernardi and Marco Micheli , was the last to observe the WD5 on Jan. 8 and 9 , using the UH 88 - inch telescope on Mauna Kea , he said .
The probability of impact with Mars was high , so they pushed for additional observations and got them , he said .
Firefox 3 is codenamed ' Gran Paradiso '
Mozilla has told the BBC's World Service that the new browser has been designed around the importance of search to users .
Firefox 3 , currently going through its third stage of beta testing , will offer a combined search and bookmark tool via the url bar .
It will also allow offline working .
Chairman of the Mozilla Foundation Mitchell Baker told BBC World Service 's Digital Planet programme :
" It 's clear that when people are looking for information on the web , search is the number one activity , " she said .
" We 've devised ways to bring that power into areas that are closer to your individual life . "
' Faster , sleeker '
Typing " cameras " , for example , into the url bar , will bring up a list of the sites that the user recently visited that have cameras in their names .
" If you buy shoes , that 's all you need to remember - we will use search , as you 've come to expect it , to help you find the places that you have been visiting , " Ms Baker said .
Firefox use spread quickly from a small group of users
" It will be faster , sleeker , and even easier to use , " she said .
" In terms of features , we 've tried very hard not to bloat the interface but to keep it simple , the way people like it , and to have new things appear when you need them . "
The other substantial change will be the ability to do much more offline , with the browser " remembering " key data that is usually lost when an internet connection goes down .
This is designed to allow the user to continue to work when travelling or in remote areas where wireless access is patchy .
Firefox is currently the second most popular browser , although its 12 % share is dwarfed by that of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
It has , however , substantially grown from its launch - first as Phoenix in 2002 , then as Firebird , and finally ending up as Firefox in February 2004 .
Ms Baker said that when Mozilla issued Firefox 1 they had one staff member , but hundreds working on different aspects of it .
Now they have 150 employees around the world , and " tens of thousands " working on the software .
Mozilla is run as a not - for - profit organisation , and advocate of open source coding .
SAN DIEGO , California ( CNN ) --
If Hillary Clinton loses the Democratic nomination for president , she might be able to trace her troubles back to when she lost her grip on the Latino vote .
Ruben Navarrette Jr. : Sen. Barack Obama belatedly but quickly found the importance of courting Latinos .
Bill Clinton called it .
The ex-president may have doomed his wife 's candidacy with his meddling but he was right about one thing :
Several weeks ago , he told Spanish - language radio host Eddie " El Piolin " Sotelo that Latinos would " determine the nominee of the Democratic Party and the next president of the United States . "
So they might .
Just not in the way that the former president imagined .
When he made his prediction , Hillary Clinton was leading Barack Obama among Latinos by a 2 - 1 margin .
No mas .
A recent Gallup survey found Obama in a slight , but not statistically significant , lead over Clinton among Latinos .
Obama - mania has gone multicultural .
And it 's about time .
The Illinois senator spent so much of the early part of the campaign proving he could appeal to both blacks and whites that he never stopped to ask : " What can brown do for me ? "
As a result , Obama fumbled in the Nevada caucus .
But he recovered in time to fare better than expected on Super Tuesday .
He won the Latino vote in Illinois and Colorado and stayed competitive in New Mexico and Arizona , even while getting wiped out in California , New York , and New Jersey .
Then he won the Latino vote in Virginia .
Now , with the all - important Texas primary approaching on March 4th , Obama is trailing Clinton with Latinos in the Lone Star state but he 's making inroads there .
There is even a " Viva Obama " video featuring a group of mariachis singing the candidate 's praises .
Obama 's recent success with Latinos is evidence that Hillary 's support in that community is a mile wide and an inch thick .
That 's understandable .
Neither Bill nor Hillary Clinton has done much for Latinos in their public careers , and most of the support they enjoy from that community comes from brand loyalty -- the same thing that keeps Latinos coming back to one kind of laundry detergent keeps them coming back to the Clinton name .
In this election , Hillary has tarnished the brand with mistakes .
During a debate in Los Angeles , she answered a question by pitting undocumented Latino immigrants against African - Americans .
She blamed jobs losses on " employers who exploit undocumented workers and drive down wages . "
And she mentioned an African - American who told her that he used to have construction jobs but now " the only people who get them anymore are people who are here without documentation . "
Faced with the same question , Obama pointed out that African - Americans had high unemployment rates long " before the latest round of immigrants showed up " and cautioned against using the immigration issue to divide Americans .
Obama also insisted -- to rousing applause -- that blaming immigrants for unemployment among blacks amounts to " scapegoating " and said he would n't tolerate it .
Score one for Obama .
You can almost hear the mariachis warming up .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
E-mail to a friend
Such is the sobering context for the United States ’s new maritime strategy , just released after many months of study — particularly at the Naval War College in Newport , Rhode Island .
The study was commissioned by Chief of Naval Operations Michael Mullen , recently promoted to chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
It was released by the Navy , Marine Corps , and the Coast Guard — the first time the three maritime services have jointly authored a common strategy .
This is very much a diplomatic document , meaning it is necessary to read between the lines .
Without mentioning China and without going into specific numbers — or even asserting the need for more ships — the 16 - page document makes the case for a Navy that must do , if not everything , then nearly everything .
And it makes its case within an intellectual framework that should resonate with the public and a Democratic Congress : the dialectic of globalization .
“ Our Nation ’s interests are best served by fostering a peaceful global system comprised of interdependent networks of trade , finance , information , law , people and governance . ”
As this document sees it , our world is interconnected , its population clustered in dense , pulsing demographic ganglia near the seas that will be prone to disruptions such as asymmetric attacks and natural disasters .
The document pointedly does not rule out great - power military conflicts , asserting that “ peace does not preserve itself . ”
But according to the new strategy , even great - power conflicts are apt to be subtle and asymmetric .
There is little talk here of conventional sea and land battles and the need to spread democracy .
This is a post - Iraq document , with an emphasis on soft power .
Indeed , the war in Iraq appears less relevant to the document than the Indian Ocean tsunami emergency of December 2004 / January 2005 .
To wit : “ Building on relationships forged in times of calm , we will continue to mitigate human suffering as the vanguard of interagency and multinational efforts ...
Human suffering moves us to act , and the expeditionary character of maritime forces uniquely positions them to provide assistance . ”
The title of the report aptly describes its essence : “ A Cooperative Strategy for 21st Century Seapower ” is all about cooperation between the three maritime services and , more significantly , between the United States and allied nations .
For the past few years , Admiral Mullen has been talking about a 1,000 - ship Navy — an international coalition of friendly navies to share intelligence and help each other police the world ’s coasts and seas .
The phrase “ 1,000 - ship Navy ” does not appear in the document .
( I heard reports and rumors that the Bush administration did not like it . )
But the spirit of the 1,000 - ship Navy and “ collective security ” is everywhere in these pages .
In fact , the new strategy goes further than Admiral Mullen ’s concept , expanding the definition of partnership beyond friendly navies to other institutions .
“ No one nation has the resources required to provide safety and security throughout the entire maritime domain .
Increasingly , governments , non-governmental organizations , international organizations , and the private sector will form partnerships of common interest to counter ... emerging threats . ”
Turns out HP has been selling its Deskjet series of printers for 20 years now , with 240 million customers around the world and untold billions spent on overpriced ink cartridges .
The HP Deskjet continues to outsell all other inkjet printers on the market , and HP shows no sign of slowing down -- or letting up on those profit margins .
OSLO ( Reuters ) -
After the coldest start to a year in more than a decade , spring will bring relief to the northern hemisphere from Thursday .
Palestinians walk amongst greenhouses damaged by a snowstorm in the West Bank city of Hebron , February 2 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Nayef Hashlamoun
Bucking the trend of global warming , the start of 2008 saw icy weather around the world from China to Greece .
But despite its chilly start , 2008 is expected to end up among the top 10 warmest years since records began in the 1860s .
This winter , ski resorts from the United States to Scandinavia have deep snow .
Last year , after a string of mild winters , some feared climate change might put them out of business .
In many countries crops and plants are back on a more “ normal ” schedule .
Cherry trees in Washington are on target to blossom during a March 29 - April 13 festival that has sometimes mistimed the peak blooms .
“ So far 2008 , for the globe , has been quite cold , only just above the 1961 - 90 average , ” said Phil Jones , head of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia which supplies global temperature data to the United Nations .
“ This is just January and February , so two coolish months comparable to what happened in 1994 and 1996 , ” he told Reuters .
The northern spring formally begins on March 20 this year .
And an underlying warming trend , blamed by the U.N. Climate Panel on human use of fossil fuels , is likely to reassert itself after the end of a La Nina cooling of the Pacific in the coming months .
There were similar conditions in 1998 and 2005 , the hottest so far , Jones said .
SNOW AND SANDSTORMS
China suffered its worst snowstorms in a century in January and February .
At least 80 people died and the government estimated costs at more than 150 billion yuan ( $ 21 billion ) , including animal deaths and crop losses .
Sandstorms hit Beijing on Tuesday and residents rushed to hide from the dust mixed with petals from the city ’s magnolia trees .
During the northern winter , snows also fell in unusual places such as Greece , Iraq and Florida .
Experts say climate change will bring more swings as part of a warming that will bring more droughts , floods , heatwaves and rising seas .
U.S. ski resorts reported above average snowfall .
“ We ’re 90 percent sure we will extend the season for at least a couple of weeks toward the end of April , ” said Jeff Hanle , a spokesman for the Aspen Skiing Co. in Colorado .
The mountain town has had 400 inches of snow , the normal amount for the whole season , which still has a month to go .
Skiers “ have got big smiles on their faces , ” he said .
“ It ’s been a good season all around , ” said Tom Horrocks , spokesman of the Killington Ski Resort in Vermont .
He said meteorologists said more consistent snows were typical for a La Nina season in the northeast .
But not all places have been chilly -- Jones said western and northern Europe were the warmest parts of the northern hemisphere in the first two months of 2008 .
NASA satellite data this week showed the thickest and oldest ice around the North Pole has been disappearing .
Finland had its warmest winter on record .
High - speed ferries between Helsinki and Tallinn in Estonia , normally halted for months by winter ice on the Baltic Sea , started earlier than ever in mid-March .
In Norway , many ski resorts have deep snow even though the winter has been the third warmest on record -- scientists say a spinoff of climate change may be more precipitation .
“ Turnover is 16 percent over the best season of 2004 , ” said Andreas Roedven , head of Norway ’s Alpine Ski Area Association .
Electricity prices in the Nordic region halved this month to 27.5 euros ( $ 43.48 ) per megawatt hour from late 2007 highs because hydropower reservoirs were full and warm temperatures curbed heating demand .
Senior officials from about 190 nations will meet in Bankok from March 31 - April 4 to start work on a new long - term treaty to combat climate change to succeed the U.N. ’s Kyoto Protocol .
( For Reuters latest environment blogs click on :
blogs.reuters.com/environment /)
Or is it Zeraffe … ?
The answer is neither , this animal is called an Okapi and it was first discovered in 1901 .
Although scientists say it is closely related to the giraffe , it looks like the result of a love story between a giraffe and a zebra .
The Okapi can only be found in the Ituri forests , north - east of Congo , in Africa .
Photo : Raul654 / Wikimedia Commons
Photo : Charles Miller
After 261 rounds of bidding , the FCC's 700 - MHz auction , also known as Auction 73 , came to a end Tuesday afternoon .
According to FCC chairman Kevin Martin ( pictured right ) , the agency raised a total of $ 19.6 billion , more money than any auction in the agency 's history and almost double original congressional estimates .
For the highly coveted C - Block , the gross winning bids on the 12
licenses totaled $ 4.75 billion , exceeding the reserve price of $ 4.6
billion .
This means that the open access rules that Google petitioned for leading up to the auction were automatically triggered and will , in theory , require the winner to let any legal mobile device or applications run on the network .
Many experts remain skeptical about those rules , however , and point to exploitable loopholes in the way the FCC is defining open access for the winning bidder .
The showdown for the C - Block was largely thought to be between Verizon and Google .
The FCC did not immediately release the identities of the winning bidders who remained anonymous throughout the actual auction to avoid collusion .
However , a press contact at the FCC with tells Wired.com that
Chairman Martin circulated an order to the other commission members shorty after the auction ended Tuesday afternoon .
Despite the record bids , one block – Block D , which was dedicated to the creation of a public safety / private partnership nationwide , interoperable network – did not meet its reserve bid of $ 1.3 billion .
As a result , Martin 's order is moving to " de- link " that portion of the spectrum to clear approval for the rest .
If and when the commissioners approve that order , the FCC would then release the final list of winning bidders .
" It 's hard to predict how long that will take since it involve commissioners voting , " an FCC spokesperson said .
According to the FCC , bidders are currently still bound by anti-collusion rules and not allowed to talk about their bids .
The proceeds generated from this auction will be transferred to the
U.S. Treasury by June 30 , 2008 , and will be used to support public safety and digital television transition ( DTV ) initiatives , including paying for those coupons you 've been hearing about .
See Also :
Hillary Clinton will offer herself as the challenger in the face of Obama ’s mounting momentum during Tuesday ’s debate at Cleveland State University .
Finger - pointing , frustration in Clinton camp
With a week to go before climactic tests in Texas and Ohio , Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s campaign team has slipped into full recriminations mode .
Looking backward , interviews with a cross-section of campaign aides and sympathetic outsiders suggest a team consumed with frustration and finger - pointing about the apparent failure of several recent tactical moves against Barack Obama .
Advertisement
Looking forward , it is clear Clinton ’s team has only a faint and highly improvisational strategy about what to do over the next seven days .
Simply put , there is no secret weapon .
At Tuesday night ’s debate in Ohio , aides are mapping plans for drawing persistent attention to Obama ’s record without attempting any knockout punch theatrics that could backfire .
Many recent decisions have done exactly that .
This has left the campaign awash in anger over who is to blame .
Communications chief Howard Wolfson — echoing a strong belief of the Clintons themselves — blamed the news media Monday for allegedly tossing bouquets to Obama whenever he criticizes Clinton but writing that she is throwing low blows whenever she draws contrasts with him .
Top aides also are frustrated over the handling of a media uproar Monday regarding a photograph of Obama in traditional African dress during a visit to Kenya .
It appeared splashed on the Drudge Report with the accusation that it was “ circulated ” by “ Clinton staffers ” over the weekend .
The debate over whether to deny responsibility or simply decline comment consumed the campaign at a moment when its remaining days to trip Obama ’s sprint to the nomination are in the single digits .
Some Clintonites are disappointed with the candidate herself .
Lines that were meant to be funny or show fighting spirit — “ change you can Xerox ” or “ Shame on you , Barack Obama ” — instead came off as peevish .
Her advisers acknowledge wearily that they have not cracked the code for deflating Obama .
One of her slogans , “ Solutions for America , ” is meant to imply her opponent offers only empty rhetoric , while she would know what to do .
But the campaign recognizes that has not always gotten through .
The campaign had a light moment Monday night when comedian and television host Ellen DeGeneres popped up via satellite at a Clinton fundraiser for a few minutes of upbeat banter with the candidate that is to be aired on DeGeneres ’ show this week .
But mostly the campaign has become a grim slog .
Unable to make anything stick , the campaign is throwing out a dizzying array of potential storylines each day .
A memo from Wolfson was headed : “ Unanswered Questions by Obama on Outside Spending ” by unions in Texas and Ohio .
“ Simply put , Obama 's trying to have it both ways , decrying political loopholes two months ago and using them to his advantage now , ” Wolfson wrote .
“ That 's hardly change you can believe in . ”
But this storyline got little traction on a day when frazzled staffers at the campaign ’s Northern Virginia headquarters were consumed by the Drudge photo controversy .
In what some aides now admit was a mistake , the campaign at first refused to comment on whether it had circulated the photo — not wanting to buy into the idea that the photo of African ceremonial garb showed anything negative .
Later , on a conference call , Wolfson denied involvement .
“ I have never seen that picture before .
I 'm not aware that anyone here has , ” he said .
“ I 'm not aware that anyone has sent any such e-mail . ”
Talking points distributed to campaign surrogates say : “ We have over 700 people on this campaign and I 'm not in a position to know what each one of them may or may not have done . …
I 'm not in the position to ask 700 people to come in and answer questions about it .
To put this as clearly and simply as I can : I was not aware of it , the campaign did n't sanction it and did not know anything about it . ”
Encircled by second - guessers , Wolfson lashed out on a second conference call when a reporter asserted that the Clinton campaign ’s “ attempts to go negative and try to marginalize Obama 's appeal ” had not played very well .
“ I think Sen. Obama 's entire campaign against Sen. Clinton is negative , ” Wolfson said .
“ I think he has run against her as the status quo . …
He has essentially called her divisive .
He has called her untruthful .
He has questioned her credibility .
He has said she will do or say anything to get elected .
Now , if that 's not negative , I do n't know what negative is . ”
Against that chaotic backdrop , Clinton will offer herself as the challenger in the face of Obama ’s mounting momentum during Tuesday ’s debate at Cleveland State University , to be shown live on MSNBC from 9 to 10:30 p.m. Eastern .
“ She ’s going to challenge in a healthy , successful way , ” the senior adviser said .
“ Voters will see that she ’s the right person to be commander in chief , the right person to manage the economy and the right person to beat John McCain .
If the debate shows those three things , it ’ll be a successful debate for her . ”
Giving a foreign policy speech at The George Washington University on Monday , Clinton omitted a proposed line about not needing on - the - job training .
But , joined by senior retired military and defense officials , she asserted that her opponent “ wavers from seeming to believe that mediation and meetings without preconditions can solve the world ’s most intractable problems , to advocating rash unilateral military action . ”
The senior adviser said proudly that the day had been “ kind of a model ” for the “ mild contrast ” that viewers are likely to see in the debate .
“ She laid out her strong positive vision , and yet she used some contrast between who would be the best commander in chief , ” the adviser said .
“ She emphasized her strength as commander in chief , but she drew contrasts on experience and positions with both McCain and Obama .
She laid out a strong , positive case , but she also drew some clear contrasts . ”
That calibration was lost in some news coverage , though .
“ Another day , another attack from Hillary Clinton , ” anchorman Charles Gibson said Monday at the start of ABC ’s “ World News Tonight . ”
Such unsparing media coverage has helped embitter campaign staffers , some of whom refer to one cable network as the “ Obama News Network . ”
“ Oftentimes , when she addresses her opponent , it ’s immediately seized upon by the press as negative , ” the adviser said .
“ When he makes personal character attacks , it ’s often called ‘ sharpening your rhetoric . ’ ”
On Wednesday , Clinton will hold an economic summit in Ohio .
After that , she ’ll have a poverty tour in Appalachia .
“ What she ’s doing in this week is going through some of the major piece of why she should be president , ” the adviser said .
“ She ’d be a good commander in chief .
She could manage the economy .
She has a compassionate , caring view of the economy .
Together , they ’re a storyline of why she should be president . ”
Obsessive exercise can be damaging Younger men who read so - called " lads mags " could be psychologically harmed by the images of perfect male physiques they contain , research suggests .
While magazines aimed at men often include pictures of scantily - clad women , Dr David Giles said images of male bodies may be more dangerous .
His work , in Personality and Individual Differences , found regular readers were more likely to exercise to excess .
Another specialist said the problem affected men as much as women .
Men and women increasingly get their ideas of what they should look like from the imagery they see in the media
Dr David Giles
University of Winchester " Lads " Magazines have been increasingly successful in recent years , and have attracted criticism for an alleged potential to exploit women rather than cause problems for their readership .
However , Dr Giles , from the University of Winchester , said that some of the content may drive men to try to become more muscular , even if that could harm their health .
Together with colleague Jessica Close , he surveyed 161 men aged between 18 and 36 , and found that those who regularly read the magazines were more likely to be influenced by the imagery within .
More worryingly , they said they were also more likely to consider using anabolic steroids to improve their appearance .
Dr Giles said : " The message in typical lads ' magazines is that you need to develop a muscular physique in order to attract a quality mate .
" Readers internalise this message , which creates anxieties about their actual bodies and leads to increasingly desperate attempts to modify them . "
' Trapped into obsession '
Some specialists have dubbed this condition " athletica nervosa " , though a more frequently used term is body dysmorphic disorder .
Dr Giles said : " Men and women increasingly get their ideas of what they should look like from the imagery they see in the media .
" The volume of content is growing and it is trapping young people in particular , into unhealthy obsessions about their own bodies . "
The research found that men who were single were far less likely to have body image problems than those in a relationship .
Professor Naomi Fineberg , a consultant psychiatrist who runs a treatment service for people with obsessive compulsive disorder , said that men and women suffered equally from body dysmorphic disorder .
" Among men , there are those who focus on their muscularity - they may not be seeking aesthetic perfection , but instead some kind of regularity , or symmetry , and they become preoccupied with achieving it .
" We can't say for sure whether these magazines might be causing it , but it 's very persuasive that cultural factors are important . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON , Oct. 20 — The scenes of carnage in Pakistan this week conjured what one senior administration official on Friday called “ the nightmare scenario ” for President Bush ’s last 15 months in office : Political meltdown in the one country where Al Qaeda , the Taliban , and nuclear weapons are all in play .
White House officials insisted in interviews that they had confidence that their longtime ally , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , Pakistan ’s president , would maintain enough influence to keep the country stable as he edged toward a power - sharing agreement with his main rival , Benazir Bhutto .
But other current and former officials cautioned that six years after the United States forced General Musharraf to choose sides in the days after the Sept. 11 attacks , American leverage over Pakistan is now limited .
And General Musharraf is weakened .
His effort at conciliation in Pakistan ’s tribal areas , where Al Qaeda and the Taliban plot and train , proved a failure .
His efforts to take them on militarily have so far proved ineffective and politically costly .
Almost every major terror attack since 9/11 has been traced back to Pakistani territory , leading many who work in intelligence to believe that Pakistan , not Iraq , is the place Mr. Bush should consider the “ central front ” in the battle against terrorism .
It was also the source of the greatest leakage of nuclear arms technology in modern times .
Music therapy might help ease the symptoms of depression , though its effectiveness as a stand - alone intervention is not certain , according to a recent review of five small studies .
Four of the studies found reduced depression symptoms in participants receiving music therapy compared to those who did not .
The fifth study did not find any difference .
The benefits of music appeared greatest when providers used theory - based therapeutic techniques rather than “ winging it . ”
“ In the four studies where there was an impact , there was a very coherent theoretical framework , a very coherent explanation of what went on in the session and obvious reasons why the therapists were there , ” said lead author Anna Maratos .
“ In the study that showed no effect , there did n't seem to be any theoretical underpinning to the intervention .
We have no idea why the therapist was there , really . ”
Therapeutic interventions included listening to music in groups , body movement and painting to music , and improvised singing .
The review appears in the most recent issue of The Cochrane Library , a publication of The Cochrane Collaboration , an international organization that evaluates medical research .
Systematic reviews draw evidence - based conclusions about medical practice after considering both the content and quality of existing medical trials on a topic .
Maratos , head of profession for Arts Therapies at the Central and Northwest London NHS Foundation Trust , and colleagues looked for randomized controlled trials that compared music therapy with other , more traditional interventions for depression .
They found a dearth of rigorous research .
Because there was little or no uniformity in study approaches , study populations or therapeutic techniques , the researchers did not pool the results for meta- analysis .
Maratos said that although the fifth study did not meet reviewers ' eligibility criteria , it was included because it was the only study with a certified professional coordinating the sessions .
The reviewers defined music therapy as an intervention designed to improve health status that included musical interaction between therapist and patient within a structured theoretical framework and in which outcomes were born of music , talk inspired by music or therapeutic relationships .
Each study author determined his or her own definition of standard care , on the other hand , which included pharmacological , routine hospital and cognitive therapeutic treatment .
Three studies focused on adults aged 60 and older ; one study looked at adults between ages 21 and 65 ; and one focused on 14 - and 15 - year - old adolescents .
Although the studies did not show a definitive cause - and - effect relationship between music therapy and clinical improvement in depression , the authors found a positive correlation .
They attributed the unevenness of the studies ' results to the varied uses of music by therapists in the studies and the relative weakness of some researchers ' methods .
The researchers found unusually high levels of participation and compliance among patients receiving the interventions .
Shara Sand , Psy.D. , clinical assistant professor of psychology at Yeshiva University in New York City , agreed with researchers ' conclusion that meta - analysis was not possible in the review , but said that the evidence of music 's influence on mood makes the research question interesting .
“ It does make me wonder :
What is standardized treatment [ in music therapy ] ?
There 's really a whole avenue of research that should be done , ” Sand said .
She adding that music therapy broadens the range of interventions available to people who might shy away from traditional approaches : “ There 's often an isolation and alienation ; a difficulty connecting and with relatedness ” for people with depression , and the music therapy might offer a less threatening option .
Maratos said that her own status as a licensed music therapist spurred her interest in doing the review and added that music therapy is a state - sanctioned mental health treatment in the United Kingdom .
Maratos AS , et al .
Music therapy for depression ( Review ) .
Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2008 , Issue 1 .
The Cochrane Collaboration is an international nonprofit , independent organization that produces and disseminates systematic reviews of health care interventions and promotes the search for evidence in the form of clinical trials and other studies of interventions .
Visit http://www.cochrane.org for more information .
A person who goes by the name of " einsteen " over on Loose Change 's message boards has translated and posted a much more detailed and extended version of a recent interview conducted with Controlled Demolition Expert Danny Jowenko , in which he confirms that Building 7 was indeed brought down via controlled demolition .
Excerpts from this unedited raw footage first appeared on a Dutch television news program called , Zembla investigates 9/11 theories ( 2006 ) .
PART 1 of 3
PART 2 of 3
PART 3 of 3
Much more information concerning Mr. Jowenko and Building 7 can be found here : Demo Expert Confirms WTC - 7 Was " Controlled Demolition " http://www.911blogger.com/node/2807
Big thanks to einsteen for translating and posting this video up on Youtube .
Imagine a town that has all sorts of gasoline pipelines running by it but only one gas pump .
Rationing is inevitable .
So are price controls .
Everyone gets equal amounts , except of course first responders like police and ambulances , which should get all the gas they want .
And , well , so should the mayor .
And if you can make a good business case that you work 60 miles away , you can file paperwork and perhaps pull some strings for more gas .
How about those kids hot - rodding around town who can't drive 55 ?
They get last dibs , and maybe we can sneak in some gas thinner to slow down their engines and not waste gas .
You can do all that and constantly update the gas neutrality rules -- or you can just open another gas station across the street .
Or one on each corner .
The trick to an open and innovative Internet is not sneaky technical fixes nor more rules and regulations and bureaucracies to enforce them .
The Internet will only expand based on competitive principles , not socialist diktat .
This is the essence of the Ed Markey 's ( D. , Mass . )
Orwellian - named Internet Freedom Preservation
Act of 2008 , which would foist network neutrality on the wild and woolly Internet .
The Federal Communications Commission is holding a public hearing today at Harvard Law School in Cambridge , Mass. , to build the case for the ill - conceived idea of preventing , as Mr. Markey 's bill would , network operators from using technologies that may favor one application over another .
It 's a bad idea because the only thing Mr. Markey 's bill will preserve is mediocrity via the lack of competition , and full employment for regulators micromanaging a business whose very innovation comes from the lack of rules .
With net neutrality , there will be no new competition and no incentives for build outs .
Bandwidth speeds will stagnate , and new services will wither from bandwidth starvation .
The idea of network neutrality is that all of our Internet packets are equal , and that the spirit of the Internet and its ability to create wonderful new applications like Google , MySpace and Facebook is predicated on open ( albeit limited ) access for all .
Yet , despite an overabundance of bandwidth pulsing throughout the U.S. , we are still stuck with rationing to our homes .
Have n't we learned that advancing technology is never served by arbitrary rules to divvy up scarce resources ?
Look at the dearth of good cell phone applications .
Rules make incumbents lazy .
Do High - End Sex Workers Have it Easier ?
I have been researching prostitution markets since the mid 1990’s .
Much of my work has been in based Chicago , New York , and , more recently , Paris .
Steve Levitt and I recently prepared a paper on the low - wage prostitution market in Chicago that received a lot of press .
I ’m hoping that the final version will provide some hard numbers on a difficult - to - reach sector of the American economy .
We know fairly little about the high - end pay scale .
There are memoirs and scandals , but researchers tend to focus on the streets , in part because of difficulties of access to higher - income sex workers .
( Freakonomics readers might recall that Dubner recently blogged about one of their contacts who works in the high - end . )
In New York , I have been interviewing women who decided to enter the “ indoor sex trade , ” a part of prostitution that I argue exploded after Giuliani shut down the open - air street markets in Manhattan .
In 2006 , I published a paper on this with Alexandra Murphy ( now a sociology grad student at Princeton ) , but the media did n’t think it was newsworthy at the time .
We interviewed high - end sex workers with the help of the Urban Justice Center , an advocacy group that provides services and support for men and women in the trade .
Alex and I wanted to disrupt the glamorous view of women at the higher - end .
“ Kristen , ” of Spitzer fame , was a typical sex worker who catered to the elites : she came to the city to get away from family problems ; she was forced to engage in dangerous work with little assistance if things went wrong ; and she received only a fraction of the money her employer ( the escort service ) obtained from the client .
I ’ve found the higher - paid women are abused about twice per year by their clients .
I define “ abuse ” as suffering physical pain that prevents them from working and that includes visits to the hospital .
Of course , no one is going to feel sorry for people earning thousands of dollars , but that does n’t mean women avoid exploitation , violence , and danger altogether by making more money than they would on the streets .
For me , one of the most interesting aspects of high - end sex markets was the motivational structure of the john .
For example , I kept hearing reports from the women that men would not always demand sex — in fact , my surveys revealed that 40 percent of the meetings involved only light petting or kissing .
Men often wanted comfort and a conversational partner .
Now , I know what you ’re thinking : this is either anecdotal or these women told me lies .
I felt the same way .
So , I asked the women to help me find johns to interview .
I ended up speaking to numerous clients who confirmed this basic fact : sex was only one part of what they wanted .
I thought you folks might want to send a few queries to women who know a lot about the high - end ( and low - end ) sex trade .
I lined up two women who agreed to take your questions ( and comments ) :
Mindy is a 43 - year - old white woman who was a sex worker until 2007 , when she decided to retire .
( She typically retained a clientele of 12 to 15 men , all of whom paid a “ per-session ” fee of $ 5,000 to $ 7,500 . )
She made enough to buy a house and she is currently preparing for a career as a nurse .
Dorothy is 55 , African - American , and lives in Chicago .
“ Dot ” was a subject of my documentary ( see my website ) .
Although she was never a prostitute , she knows the streets and hotels of Chicago , and she has helped me to interview over 250 women .
They are happy to reply to your questions , but they also wanted to field a pop-quiz to Freak readers .
So , readers , you may opt to :
1. Ask Mindy a question or take a guess at hers :
I slept with many lawyers .
What do you think was their most common fantasy / role play ?
2. Ask Dorothy a question or answer her queries :
I have seen a lot of women break into the high - end [ sex market ] .
They always ask me , “ Should I try and help the
man with his marriage problems or should I tell him not to talk about it ? ”
What do you think is the best way to keep the john around for a long time ?
Fire away .
Are you excited to head off to the next destination ?
I know many of you are eagerly waiting for things to be a little more normal , and then we can head off to our favorite destinations as soon as possible .
I personally do not like much of the hustle of bustle during traveling ; hence I [… ]
White House Fights To Avoid Backing Up Their Computers Posted by Pile ( 8301 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
The White House has three days to explain why it should n't be required to copy its computer hard drives to ensure no further e-mails are lost , a federal judge ordered Tuesday .
Already , e-mails between March and October 2003 appear to have been lost , Judge John M. Facciola noted , because they were improperly archived and no backup copies exist .
That period includes the U.S. invasion of Iraq .
E-mails by White House staff are considered part of the nation 's historical record , and federal law requires they be preserved .
The White House has admitted that potentially millions of e-mails from the past eight years have been erased , although it has provided conflicting accounts on how many may still exist on backup tapes , though it has since said it believes " all or substantially all " e-mails are available on backup tapes .
The order , issued Tuesday morning by a federal magistrate judge in Washington , D.C. , comes in a case brought against the Bush administration by the National Security Archive , a nonpartisan group affiliated with George Washington University .
The group filed suit in September 2007 , seeking to force the White House to restore missing e-mails and institute an adequate archiving system .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
新着情報
Pick - up
■ ワーホリジョブサポートプログラム
100％お仕事が保証されているワーホリメーカーのためのプログラム。事前にお仕事が決まる為、現地に行ってからお仕事を探す必要がなくなります。安心して渡航の準備ができます。
ワーホリジョブサポートプログラム
■ 30 歳過ぎてもできるワーホリ体験プログラム
30歳を過ぎてもワーキングホリデー体験をしてみたいという方達向けに作成しましたプログラムです。食事と部屋は受け入れ先が提供してくれます。最大半年までステイが可能です。
オーバーエイジプログラム
体験談
Reverend Religious Relics Mohammed 's Hair About Mohammed 's
Hair a sacred and reverend religious relic in Muslim history .
REVERED RELIGIOUS RELICS MOHAMMED'S HAIR
The single brownish strand is kept in a silver and crystal bottle inside three cloth bags , three wooden boxes , and a locked cabinet .
The cabinet , protected by four guards , resides in the innermost of four cells at the mosque of Hazratbal in Srinagar , Kashmir .
Only on Muslim holy days is Mohammed 's hair presented to the faithful , who crowd into the mosque 's great quadrangle .
On such days , one of the hereditary keepers of the relic removes it from its resting place and attaches it to a chain worn around the waist .
Despite the enormous security provided for Mohammed 's hair , the relic was stolen in 1964 ; to the great relief of thousands of Muslims , it was recovered within a few days and returned to its sanctuary .
WALL STREET AND SOCIALISM … .
There are several obvious things happening in the financial markets right now .
One is that there are enormous amounts of money flowing through non-bank institutions that are fairly lightly regulated .
Another is that the people running these institutions can take enormous risks that provide them with enormous payouts , and they can do it with the knowledge that if those risks cause a collapse , they wo n’t have to give any of that money back .
The feds and society at large will eat the loss .
What follows is an email I got from a regular reader that touches on both these subjects .
It ’s pretty clearly on the apocalyptic side , and I do n’t necessarily agree with all of it .
But it seemed like it was worth reprinting , if only to spur some reaction .
I hope he ’s all wet .
I fear he probably is n’t .
Kevin ,
One of the things that shocks me is that the liberal blogosphere has been deadly silent about the massive bailout of bankers that is taking place with taxpayer money , and fueling the collapse of the dollar .
Where ’s the outrage ?
What we ’re seeing is a classic example of “ Privatize the gains during the boom — e.g. hand out $ 30B + in Wall Street bonuses each of the last several years — and socialize the losses during the bust . ”
But for this to be taking place in the context of a financial apocalypse among the American middle class ( 9 m families currently have negative equity in their homes , and prices in all likelihood have much further to fall ) strikes me as bordering on criminal .
Why are n’t the Democrats demanding the re-regulation of Wall Street and the reining in of compensation in the finance industry as quid pro quo for these bailouts ?
For most of this winter , I ’ve myself basically been OK with what the Fed has been doing , figuring that a full - scale collapse of the financial system is n’t in anyone ’s interests , but I ’ve come to the dark suspicion that the threat of moral hazard is not merely some abstraction that we need to worry about over the long term .
Check out the linked article .
The comment that jumped out at me is Fannie Mae ’s Richard Syron saying his company “ wo n’t raise capital unless it benefits shareholders . ”
This made me realize that a wide range of financial institutions — with the GSEs [ Government Sponsored Entities , like Fannie Mae ] at the head of the line — in an odd way may see an incentive in having the current turmoil problem get worse , insofar as doing so facilitates their getting a huge handout from the U.S. government .
One of the questions I ’ve been toying with is who might be inclined to game the system during this moment of crisis .
In looking for such potential perps , I ’ve been inclined to sniff around Moscow or Tehran or sovereign wealth funds .
In fact , the real perps may be hiding in plain sight , in boardrooms on Wall Street .
It ’s becoming quite apparent that a lot of Wall Street players are hoping they can orchestrate an endgame where they get a huge bailout from the taxpayer , while limiting the re-regulation of the system to the mortgage - issuer end of the business .
Let me put the case more baldly : if you ’re a banker , an endgame that ends up creating ( or giving the appearance of creating ) system - level “ moral hazard ” is exactly what you want .
One man ’s moral hazard , after all , is another man ’s way to have the government cover his ass while he retains huge personal profits .
I think you see that kind of political calculus pretty clearly at work in Syron ’s comments .
You gotta admire his chuztpah in saying that Fannie Mae expects “ to thrive for the benefit of our shareholders — and for the country . ”
I mean , is n’t it clearly to the benefit of the country that Fannie Mae remain solvent , even if that means , shucks , that the taxpayer has to pick up a few tabs ?
How could the bankers be gaming the system ?
Easy : by continuing to refuse to go back into the debt markets until the Fed gives them better terms .
Now that the Fed has shown a willingness to take some of their bad debts off their hands ( e.g. the 4 March intervention ) , why not allow the present turmoil to fester for a few more months , in the hopes that , by doing so , the election - year Fed will eventually be willing to take a whole lot more of their crappy assets off their hands ?
The specific calculus is likely to be : can I make more money by going back into the market and snatching up my competitors ’ undervalued assets , or by sitting tight and waiting for the Feds to come take my overvalued assets off my hands at a generous premium ?
More on the Supreme Court ’s Washington DC Gun Control Decision
The supreme court heard arguments today on Washington D.C. ’s handgun ban .
As I wrote about here , it appears that the supreme court is ready to rule that an individual does have the right to keep and bear arms .
Opponents believe the second amendment applies only to state militias .
Today ’s apparent decision is a victory , however the court also appears to be ready to rule that the government can regulate gun ownership .
This is where we will see how President Bush ’s two supreme court appointees are going to shape the future of the court .
How far will the supreme court go in the restrictions that are acceptable ?
Inside the court , at the end of a session extended long past the normal one hour , a majority of justices appeared ready to say that Americans have a “ right to keep and bear arms ” that goes beyond the amendment ’s reference to service in a militia .
A good start , but what about government regulations on handguns ?
Several justices were openly skeptical that the District of Columbia ’s 32 - year - old handgun ban , perhaps the strictest in the nation , could survive under that reading of the Constitution .
The supreme court is going to rule on what is reasonable restrictions on the right to bear arms , more precisely , the ban on handguns in Washington D.C. :
“ What is reasonable about a total ban on possession ? ” Chief Justice John Roberts asked .
Opponents argued that because only handguns are banned , that is a reasonable restriction .
This decision is huge overall , because whether you realize it or not , this is a case that had no precedent set on which to draw from .
This is a case that actually determined that individuals have the right to bear arms .
I know it seems strange that this has n’t been officially adjudicated before , but it has n’t .
The court has not conclusively interpreted the Second Amendment since its ratification in 1791 .
The amendment reads : “ A well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed . ”
The basic issue for the justices is whether the amendment protects an individual ’s right to own guns no matter what , or whether that right is somehow tied to service in a state militia .
It now looks as if the precedent will be set :
A key justice , Anthony Kennedy , seemed to settle that question early on when he said the Second Amendment gives “ a general right to bear arms . ”
He is likely to be joined by Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito , Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas – a majority of the nine - member court .
While this initial ruling is a great sign , we must now look with interest on what restrictions the court feels are reasonable for the government to impose on gun ownership .
If this first ruling is any sign , we are headed in the right direction with this new supreme court .
Word to LaTeX / TeX / XML Converter
Use Word - to - LaTeX tool to convert any Microsoft Word document to LaTeX , TeX , or clean XML .
The software is fast , accurate , and highly configurable .
Word - to - LaTeX runs on MS Windows XP / Vista /7/8 with MS Office XP/2003/2007/2010/2013 installed .
Download Word - to - LaTeX and join the huge community of our users .
You Upload MS Word Documents and We Convert
At Word - to - LaTeX we convert all kinds of Microsoft Word documents to LaTeX , TeX , AMS - LaTeX , and other TeX flavors .
Simply upload your document and we will do the rest .
You will receive a camera - ready document ( in TeX / LaTeX and PDF ) without the need to know anything about TeX / LaTeX .
Create EPS Graphics From a MS Word Figure or Table
Among other things , Word - to - LaTeX converter allows you to export any part of a Microsoft Word document into an EPS graphics file .
Do you need to insert your Excel graph , a Word table , or an image in a LaTeX document ?
Let Word - to - LaTeX do its job .
What ’s streaming worldwide ?
Live from their sofa to yours .
Get closer to your favorite artists , and never miss out .
loanchooser.com.au
This domain name is registered and parked
with Optimised Domains .
And you thought it would only be the walkie - talkie type Bill Cunningham's of the Republican Party to smear Obama 's name and make lunatic observations about terrorists ruling the world based on it .
Notice how comfortable he is with this rant .
Is Iowa even embarrassed over his remarks ?
How many more times will McCain have to refute these childlike diatribes ?
Download Download
Political Punch :
Rep . Steve King , R - Iowa , speaking to a local Iowa radio station , said that terrorists would dance in the streets if Sen.
Barack Obama , D - Illinois , is elected president -- precisely because of not only Obama 's position on withdrawing US troops from Iraq , but because Obama 's middle name is " Hussein , " his father 's Muslim roots , and his appearance -- or " optics , " as King put it .
" I do n't want to disparage anyone because of their , their race , their ethnicity , their name - whatever their religion their father , father might have been , " King said just before doing just that .
" I 'll just say this that when you think about the optics of a Barack Obama potentially getting elected President of the United States -- and I mean , what does this look like to the rest of the world ?
What does it look like to the world of Islam ?
" And I will tell you that , if he is elected president , then the , the radical Islamists , the , the al - Qaida , and the radical Islamists and their supporters , will be dancing in the streets in greater numbers than they did on September 11 … .
" It does matter , his middle name does matter .
It matters because they read a meaning into that in the rest of the world , it has a special meaning to them .
They will be dancing in the streets because of his middle name .
They will be dancing in the streets because of who his father was and because of his posture that says :
Pull out of the Middle East and pull out of this conflict .
So there are implications that have to do with who he is and the position that he 's taken .
If he were strong on national defense and said ' I 'm going to go over there and we 're going to fight and we 're going to win , we 'll come home with a victory , ' that 's different .
But that 's not what he said .
They will be dancing in the streets if he 's elected president .
That has a chilling aspect on how difficult it will be to ever win this Global War on Terror . "
There is an excellent review of John Bolton ’s new book — Surrender is Not an Option : Defending America at the United Nations and Abroad by Brian Urquhart ( a former UN under - secretary general ) — in the March 6 , 2008 issue of The New York Review of Books ( “ One Angry Man ” ) .
Urquhart points out that Bolton was unhappy with the Bush administration ’s change of course in its second term ( from gung ho go it alone militarism to some limited recognition that cooperation with US allies and the broader international community was in order ) .
The review says that the title of his book refers to not giving up one ’s political views and ideals and that , “ There is no doubt about Bolton ’s vision of himself as the dauntless defender of US principles as he sees them . ”
And what principles he sees !
A jingoist , xenophobic , America - runs - the - world - so - get - out - of - the - way attitude more or less sums up the Bolton world view which derives , Urquhart believes , not from the neocons but from his early 60s encounter with and support of Goldwaterism .
Urquhart alludes to a Col .
Blimp flavor to some of his pronouncements , but this does Col. Blimp a disservice .
For all of his pomposity and foolishness , Col. Blimp was kindhearted on a personal level .
Bolton reveals himself to be petty , nasty , and small - minded .
Urquhart reminds us that as an undersecretary of state , before his stint at the UN , “ he did much to undermine America ’s leadership and position in the world . ”
Actually , not a bad thing as undermining and weakening the power of the number one imperialist power strengthens the world progressive movement .
Perhaps Bolton is a secret anti-imperialist ?
What Urquhart has reference to , however , is Bolton ’s role in undermining the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty , the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty , and the International Criminal Court .
Of course he could have only done this with the consent of his masters Bush , Cheney and the ineffective Colin Powell .
When Condoleeza Rice took over State , Bolton was bounced over to the UN job , but he was so incompetent for the position that he could not even get confirmed by the Republican - controlled Senate .
He got a recess appointment in August 2005 — he lasted about a year or so and had to resign when it became obvious that the new Democratic - controlled Senate would never confirm him ; he was such an embarrassment .
His role at the UN was basically disruptive , as he had no regard for the institution , its goals , or international organizations and treaty commitments in general .
His book also reveals his personal animus towards those he disagrees with , blaming them for policy failures which were the results of the actions of others .
So his book seems not to be a trustworthy account of his record and the actions of the UN .
For example , he has a great dislike for Kofi Annan whom he says “ was simply not up to the job ” of Secretary General , a view that history is not likely to validate .
He blames Kofi Annan for the Oil - for - Food scandal in Iraq .
“ It was , ” however , Urquhart says , “ the Security Council , including the US , that allowed Saddam Hussein ’s government to negotiate deals and kickbacks directly — without UN supervision — with the hundreds of commercial firms involved . ”
He also fails to note UN success stories .
His book appears to be just a nasty - minded , distorted account of his activities with little regard for truth or accuracy .
He is also stupidly indiscreet .
He reveals that when seeking a replacement for Kofi Annan , Rice told him , “ I ’m not sure we want a strong secretary general . ”
They then agreed on Ban Ki-moon .
Urquhart calls this “ a gross disservice ” to Ban Ki-moon and , I might add , to Rice as well — but it is good to know what is really going on , so thanks , John , for spilling the beans .
Bolton now works out of the American Enterprise Institute ( where else ? ) and has become a favorite of the corporate media ( The New York Times , The New York Sun , etc. ) who love to quote his quaint and outrageous opinions on all major world issues .
Urquhart tells us that “ Reporters seem to feel that if they quote him , they will have included a ‘ tough ’ conservative point of view . ”
Bolton does n’t think the US should talk with its adversaries .
Threats and conventional military actions are all that ’s really needed to enforce the Pax Americana .
Urquhart calls this outlook an “ anachronism ” and quotes William Pfaff ( born in 1928 , Pfaff has written eight books and is a frequent contributor to the NYRB ) from a 1998 piece : “ [ T ] he belief that America as ‘ sole superpower ’ would or could dominate the world , widely held after communism ’s collapse , rested on the illusion that military and economic power directly translate into political power , and that power is identical with authority .
The exercise of authority requires consent , and rests on a moral position . ”
A moral position is something Bolton and his coterie of admirers most certainly lack .
His credo is summed in the following four propositions based on Urquhart :
1. Only US interests count .
The UN should serve those interests .
2 . Allies are not to be trusted and hostiles must be treated by force as they will never abide by their commitments .
The hostiles include North Korea , Iran , any enemies of Israel , and others .
3 . Hostiles should not be negotiated with on a long tern basis or rewarded for a change of behavior .
Force and violence are always a possibility on our part .
4. Idealists , liberals , multilateralists and “ most Democrats ” are “ almost ” the same as the hostile foreigners who oppose our country .
Urquhart concludes , as any rational person must , that Bolton ’s views and behavior “ are a luxury the United States can no longer afford . ”
You are only responsible for working with your physician to choose a receiving hospital , a time and date for the transport , and providing Angel MedFlight with payment information .
If your travel dates are flexible , we will work with you on trip options .
Angel MedFlight takes care of everything else – air and ground transportation , providing a medical team and flight crew , coordinating the medical personnel and facilities , filing insurance claims on your behalf , and anything else that may arise .
Exclusive to STR
If you 're like me , you easily tire of lamenting everything you hate about the world .
Here I 've barely entered into the beginning of middle age , and I already feel like a curmudgeon when I hear the latest news about the goings - on in any bureaucracy .
For my part , I will do my best as a Root Striker to provide helpful tips and a little hope for other would - be cranky old bastards , rather than bitch and moan all the time .
But the latest business about light bulbs fires up all the old antagonistic feelings about government lunacy .
In case you did n't know , the government has passed a law banning the sale of Edison 's greatest invention , the one that changed the world for the better and helped to usher in the modern age along with the internal combustion engine and the telephone .
The light bulb as we have grown to know and love it will begin disappearing from store shelves in 2012 , in some other ' civilized ' countries , 2010 .
This is all being done in the name of the environment , which , of course , means it 's being done ' for the children . '
What does this mean to you ?
Well , basically , it means that when you break a light bulb , all hell breaks loose with it .
A trusty website that is usually on top of all these urban legends diminishes some of the more outrageous claims of what will happen when an energy - saving / ozone - friendly / Leonardo DiCaprio - watching / Sheryl Crow - listening / child - hugging mercury light bulb breaks .
However , if your stomach is in need of a little less acid and you can't take reading the entire web page , take a look below at a heavily abbreviated list of procedures you will have to follow from now on when a damn bulb breaks :
Ventilate the Room
. . .
OK , I 'll say it .
Ventilate the room ??!!!
Separate Clean - Up Steps for Hard Surfaces and Carpeted Surfaces
Disposal Instructions
Hint :
You can't throw them away anymore !
Special Steps for Future Cleaning of Carpeted Surfaces
See , if you break one of these African - American - friendly / non - smoking / gay - daughter - accepting / Jesus - was - a - hippie mercury bulbs , your carpet will apparently never be the same again .
I could go on and on , but then I 'd be wasting valuable broken - light - bulb - cleaning time , an activity for which it will some day be necessary to have a degree , or at least civil servant - level certification .
I do n't know about you , but I do not plan on engaging in this sort of activity .
I 'd sooner revert to oil lamps .
I may have to .
In the meantime , here are my suggestions for other free - marketeers who , like me , hate the ozone layer along with nature , puppies , and uppity Negroes :
1 . Whenever you are in a store , even to just browse or pick up toilet paper ( which is probably next on the government 's list of no - no's ) , pick up at least one pack of traditional light bulbs .
I figure I 'm changing a bulb in one of my ceiling lamps once every 2 - 3 months , and the others even longer .
I go through a 4 - pack of light bulbs perhaps less than twice a year .
Your needs will vary according to the number of night hours , housemates or family members , lamps , etc .
Sit down and do the curmudgeonly math .
For me to get through one year , I figure I will need at least 6 bulbs , perhaps more , so I 'll be safe and say 8 .
I 'm 38 this year , and I plan on living a long , healthy life , so if I 'm going to live to 98 , I need 480 light bulbs to last my entire lifetime .
A package of 4 traditional , name brand bulbs currently costs a little over $ 2.50 , or 63 cents a bulb .
That 's $ 300 for bulbs and 120 trips to the store .
Since I go to the store at least once a week , that means that in less than 2 ' years I will have a lifetime supply , sometime in late - 2010 , more than a year before they 're no longer available in respectable establishments .
That 's not so bad , is it ?
Remember , we 're talking about a lifetime here .
If you 're a hardcore free - marketeer , purchase $ 600 worth , or even $ 1,200 so that you can participate in the coming light bulb black market .
( If you 're like me , you 're kind of gettin ' ideas now are n' tcha ? )
2 . It 's not enough to stock up on light bulbs , in my mind .
I think we should write the corporations that are profiting from death and destruction , not to mention the increase in price for these new carpet - killing - but - earth - humping mercury bulbs , and inform them that come 2012 , we will no longer be buying their bulbs , as we now have a lifetime supply .
Here 's a list to get you started :
General Electric
Westinghouse
Globe
Sylvania
Feel free to go to the store and look not only for other name brands , but for ways to contact the store - brands as well , to inform them that they will unfortunately be left with a great many kitty - caretaking / Mary - Poppins - viewing / HRC- voting / Christmas - carol - singing mercury bulbs come 2012 .
You may also wish to inform them of the lawsuits they will undoubtedly be facing for all the unfortunate souls who have yet to discover Strike The Root , who will be getting sick and dying due to the lack of one of the greatest inventions of all time .
Perhaps these corporations will have a change of heart , and begin spending all your light bulb millions on a new lobbying campaign to bring back what you 're stocking up on .
3 . A word of caution : all this e-mailing will undoubtedly get back to your elected representatives , who only have your best interests in mind .
Be prepared not only for a crackdown on the light - bulb black market ( or the black - light bulb - market ? ) , but a crackdown on homeowners who continue to use Grand - Canyon - filling / cutest - little - kid - in - the - world - hating / Inconvenient - Truth - denying light bulbs .
If this is the case , you not only have wasted several hundred dollars , but will be stuck with throwing out one carpet after another if you buy in to the government 's increasing levels of poison .
If you 'd rather not sicken yourself and your loved ones with spilled mercury , I seriously doubt you will be thrown in prison for keeping all your other electronic devices while lighting your home with oil lamps .
Therefore , I think they 're also worth stocking up on .
Think of it as a permanent camping vacation , rather than a permanent blackout on reason , choice , freedom , liberty , and worst of all , truth .
The Mind of the Market : Excerpt
Prologue — Economics for Everyone
In Jesus ’ Parable of the Talents , recounted in Matthew 25:14 – 29 , the gospel author recalls the messiah as saying in the final verse : “ For to everyone who has , more shall be given , and he will have an abundance ; but from the one who does not have , even what he does have shall be taken away . ”
Out of context this hardly sounds like the wisdom of the prophet who proclaimed that the meek shall inherit the earth , but in context , Jesus ’ point was that properly investing one ’s money ( as measured in “ talents ” ) generates even more wealth .
The servant who was given five talents invested it and gave his master ten talents in return .
The servant who was given two talents invested it and gave his master four talents in return .
But the servant who was given one talent buried it in the ground and gave his master back just the one talent .
The master then ordered his risk - averse servant to give the one talent to the servant who had doubled his investment of five talents , and so he who earned the most was rewarded with even more .
And thus it is that the rich get richer .
Jesus probably had in mind something more than an economic allegory about selecting the right investment tool for your money , but I want to employ the story as a parable about the mind of the market .
In the 1960s , the sociologist of science Robert K. Merton conducted an extensive study of how scientific ideas are discovered and credited in the marketplace of ideas — in this case treating science as a market — and discovered that eminent scientists typically receive more credit than they deserve simply by dint of having a big name , while their junior colleagues and graduate students , who usually do most of the work , go largely unnoticed .
1
A similar well - known effect can be seen in how both innovative ideas and clever quotes gravitate up and are given credit to the most famous person associated with them .
2
Merton called this the Matthew Effect .
Marketers know it as Cumulative Advantage .
In a broader economic context I shall refer to it here as the Bestseller Effect .
Once a product gets a head - start in sales it signals to consumers that other people want that product and therefore it must be good thereby causing them to desire it as well , which leads even more people to purchase the product , sending more signals to other consumers that they too must have it , and so it climbs up the bestseller list .
Everyone in business knows about the effect , which is why authors and publishers , for example , try so fervently to land their book on the New York Times bestseller list .
Once you are on the list bookstores move your title to the “ bestseller ” bookcase ( sometimes even labeled “ New York Times Bestseller List ” ) and to the front of the store where copies of the book are stacked like cordwood .
This sends a signal to potential book buyers entering the store that this must be a good read , triggering an increase in sales that gets reported to the New York Times book review editors , who bump the title up the list , sending another signal to bookstore buyers to order even more copies , which secures the title more time in the bestseller list that increases sales even further , and round and round the feedback loop goes as the richest authors get even richer .
3
To find out if the Bestseller Effect is real , the Columbia University sociologist Duncan Watts and his collaborators Matthew Salganik and Peter Dodds tested it in a web - based experiment in which 14,000 participants registered at a Web site where they had the opportunity to listen to , rate , and download songs by unknown bands .
4
One group of registrants were only given the names of the songs and bands , while a second group of registrants were also shown how many times the song had been downloaded .
The researchers called this the “ social influence ” condition , because they wanted to know if seeing how many people had downloaded a song would influence subjects ’ decision on whether or not to download it .
Predictably , the Web participants in the social influence condition were influenced by the download rate figures : songs with a higher download number were more likely to be downloaded by new participants , whereas subjects in the independent group who saw no download rates , revealed dramatically different song preferences .
5
This is not to deny that the quality of a song or a book or any other product does not matter .
Of course it does , and this too is measurable .
But it turns out that subjective consumer preferences grounded in relative rankings by other consumers can and often does wash out the effects of more objective ratings of product quality .
Markets that traffic in rankings , ratings , and bestseller lists seem to operate on their own volition , almost like a collective organism .
In fact , this is only one of many effects we shall see in this book that demonstrate just how much the mind influences the market , and in a broader sense how markets seem to have a mind of their own .
Consider another economic parable with an evolutionary lesson related to the Bestseller Effect .
Imagine that you are a banker with a limited amount of money to lend .
If you advance loans to people who are the poorest credit risks , you are taking a great gamble that they will default on their loans and you will go out of business .
This sets up a paradox : the people who most need the money are also the worst credit risks and thus cannot get a loan , whereas the people who least need the money are also the best credit risks and thus once again the rich get richer .
The evolutionary psychologists John Tooby and Leda Cosmides call this the Banker ’s Paradox , and they apply it to a deeper evolutionary problem : to whom should we extend our friendship ?
The Banker ’s Paradox , they suggest , “ is analogous to a serious adaptive problem faced by our hominid ancestors : exactly when an ancestral hunter - gatherer is in most dire need of assistance , she becomes a bad ‘ credit risk ’ and , for this reason , is less attractive as a potential recipient of assistance . ”
6
If we think of life as an economy , and if we count resources as anything we have that could help others — including and especially friendship — by the logic of the Banker ’s Paradox we have to make difficult choices in assessing the credit risk of people we encounter .
In evolutionary theory the larger problem to be solved here is altruism : why should I sacrifice my genes for someone else ’s genes ?
Or , more technically , an altruistic act is one that lowers my reproductive success while simultaneously raising the reproductive success of someone else .
Standard theory suggests two evolutionary pathways to altruism : kin selection ( “ blood is thicker than water ” ) and reciprocal altruism ( “ I ’ll scratch your back if you ’ll scratch mine ” ) .
By helping my kin relations , and by extending a helping hand to those who will reciprocate my altruism , I am helping myself .
Thus , there will be a selection for those who are inclined to be altruistic … to a point .
With limited resources we can’t help everyone and so we must assess credit risks , and some people are better risks than others .
Here again is the Banker ’s Paradox : those most in need of assistance are the least likely to be given help , and so yet again the rich get richer .
But not always , because fair weather friends may be faking their signs of altruistic tendencies and later fail to come to our aid when the weather turns decidedly stormy .
By contrast , true friends are those who are deeply committed to our welfare regardless of the potential for reciprocity .
“ It is this kind of friend that the fair weather friend is the counterfeit of , ” Tooby and Cosmides continue .
“ If you are a hunter - gatherer with few or no individuals who are deeply engaged in your welfare , then you are extremely vulnerable to the volatility of events — a hostage to fortune . ”
7
The worse the environment the more important it is that we have true friends , and the environment of our evolutionary past was no picnic .
Evolution , it is suggested , would have selected for adaptations to work around the Banker ’s Paradox dilemmas , including selecting us to
seek recognition from our fellow group members for our trustworthiness and reliability , cultivate those attributes most desired by others in our group , participate in social activities that recognize and reinforce such pro-social attributes , avoid social activities that lead to untrustworthy actions and therefore a negative reputation , notice similar attributes of trustworthiness in others , and develop the ability to discriminate between true and fair weather friends .
Thus , Tooby and Cosmides conclude , the Banker ’s Paradox leads us to an evolved psychology where “ if you are unusually or uniquely valuable to someone else — for whatever reason — then that person has an uncommonly strong interest in your survival during times of difficulty .
The interest they have in your survival makes them , therefore , highly valuable to you .
The fact that they have a stake in you means … that you have a stake in them .
Moreover , to the extent they recognize this , the initial stake they have in you may be augmented . ” 8
Through such augmentation can the poor become rich through the evolved foundation of friendship .
If this sounds like I have reduced human relationships to nothing more than credit calculations and reciprocal relations , in my previous book , The Science of Good and Evil , I demonstrate how kin selection and reciprocal altruism led to the evolution of deep and real moral emotions that include love , friendship , and trust , because it is not enough to fake being a good and faithful spouse , friend , or partner ; you actually have to believe it yourself , and actions follow beliefs .
Thus it is that morality is real and transcendent , and human relations genuine and deeply ingrained in our nature .
In 1859 , Charles Darwin ’s On the Origin of Species was published .
The book was so controversial that in 1861 the British Association for the Advancement of Science devoted a special session of its annual conference to it .
Talks were given , pro and con , with one critic carping that Darwin ’s book was too theoretical and that he should have just “ put his facts before us and let them rest . ”
In attendance was Darwin ’s friend and colleague , the political economist and social activist Henry Fawcett , who wrote Darwin to report on the theory ’s reception ( Darwin did not attend such meetings , usually due to ill health and family obligations ) .
Darwin wrote Fawcett back , explaining the proper relationship between facts and theory :
About thirty years ago there was much talk that geologists ought only to observe and not theorize , and I well remember someone saying that at this rate a man might as well go into a gravel - pit and count the pebbles and describe the colours .
How odd it is that anyone should not see that all observation must be for or against some view if it is to be of any service !
9
This quote was the centerpiece of the first of my monthly columns for Scientific American , in which I elevated it to a principle I call “ Darwin ’s Dictum , ” 10 as identified in the final clause : all observation must be for or against some view if it is to be of any service .
Darwin ’s Dictum encodes the philosophy of science of this book : if observations are to be of any use they must be tested against some view — a thesis , model , hypothesis , theory , or paradigm .
Since the facts never just speak for themselves , they must be interpreted through the colored lenses of ideas — percepts need concepts .
Science is an exquisite blend of data and theory — percepts and concepts — that together form the bedrock for the foundation of science , the greatest tool ever devised for understanding how the world works .
We can no more separate our theories and concepts from our data and percepts than we can find a truly objective Archimedean point — a god ’s eye view — of ourselves and our world .
One view that I am writing against in this book , ironically , is the belief that Darwin and the theory of evolution have no place in the social sciences , especially in the study of human social and economic behavior .
Whereas scientists are up in arms about attempts to teach creationism and Intelligent Design in public school biology classrooms ( see my book Why Darwin Matters ) , and are distraught by the dismal state of science education and the lack of acceptance of Darwin ’s theory ( less than half of Americans believe that humans evolved ) 11 , most scientists — especially social scientists — have resisted with the emotional intensity of a creationist any attempts to apply evolutionary thinking to psychology , sociology , and economics .
The reason for this resistance — understandable at the time — was the equation of evolutionary theory with Social Darwinism and especially the extreme hereditarian views that led to enforced sterilization of the mentally retarded in America , and to the Nazi eugenics program that led to the Holocaust .
As a consequence , post - World War Two social scientists steered a wide course around any attempts to employ evolutionary theory to the study of human behavior , and instead focused almost exclusively on socio-cultural explanations .
A second view that I am writing against is the theory of Homo economicus , which holds that “ Economic Man ” has unbounded rationality , self - interest , and free will , and that we are selfish , self - maximizing , and efficient in our decisions and choices .
When evolutionary thinking and modern psychological theories and techniques are applied to the study of human behavior in the marketplace , we find that the theory of Homo economicus — which has been the bedrock of Traditional Economics — is often wrong or woefully lacking in explanatory power .
It turns out that we are remarkably irrational creatures , driven as much ( if not more ) by deep and unconscious emotions that evolved over the eons , as we are by logic and conscious reason developed in the modern world .
A third view that I am writing against is the belief , first propounded in 1849 by the British historian Thomas Carlyle , that economics is “ the dismal science . ”
For the next century and a half most people thought of it that way , seeing only a field bogged down in mathematical models , financial analyses , and theoretical representations of people as rationally calculating and maximally selfish machines .
In reality , when we examine all three of these views together , we find that economics is anything but dismal .
First , it is undergoing the most dynamic revolution since Adam Smith founded the science in 1776 with his book The Wealth of Nations .
Rich transdisciplinary hybrids are emerging to breath new life into an old science , such as evolutionary economics , complexity economics , behavioral economics , neuroeconomics , and what I call virtue economics .
Second , and more important , people , companies , and nations care deeply and passionately about their finances , and they always have .
On this level , economics has never been dismal .
Put a couple of liberals and conservatives in a room together and ask them to dispassionately discuss the economics of universal health care , the privatization of social services , the cost - benefits of foreign aid , or the relative merits of a flat tax versus a progressive tax , and see just how quickly the tone of the conversation will escalate into a state that is anything but dismal .
I have spent thirty years in science dealing with such controversial topics as evolution , creationism , global warming , Holocaust denial , racial differences in I.Q. , racial differences in sports , gender differences in cognitive abilities , conspiracy theories ranging from Pearl Harbor and 9/11 to the JFK , RFK , and MLK assassinations , alternative and complimentary medicine , reincarnation and the afterlife , and even God and religion .
Yet , it has been my experience that as ruffled feathers go , economics is second to none in emotive volatility .
If ever we need impartiality in our assessment of the facts — especially when the facts do not just speak for themselves — it is in economics .
We must study the laws of human behavior in economies as the physicist , chemist , or biologist studies the laws of nature ; and when we do so , because we are dealing with a subject to which most people are emotionally invested , we must make a ceaseless effort not to ridicule , bewail , or scorn human actions , but to understand them .
Allow me to explain how I came to this subject .
In the mid-1970s , I was an undergraduate at Pepperdine University , a Church of Christ institution with a strong conservative bent at a time when liberals ruled academe .
I matriculated there because I was an evangelical Christian who wanted to be a college professor , so theology seemed like the most appropriate field and Pepperdine had a strong theology department ( it did n’t hurt that the campus is located in the majestic Malibu hills overlooking the Pacific Ocean ) .
I soon discovered , however , that in order to earn a Ph.D. in theology one had to master four dead languages —
Hebrew , Greek , Latin , and Aramaic — and since I found even Spanish to be taxing , this career choice was problematic .
When my advisors also warned me about the questionable university job market for theologians , and my parents began to wonder aloud what I was planning to do for a living , I switched to psychology , where I discovered the language of science , in which I flourished .
Theology is based on logical inquiry , philosophical disputation , and literary deconstruction .
Science is founded on empirical data , statistical analysis , and theory building .
For my style of thinking the latter was a better fit .
My introduction to economics came in my senior year when many of the students in the psychology department were reading a cinderblock of a book entitled Atlas Shrugged , by the novelist - philosopher Ayn Rand .
I had never heard of the book or the author , and the novel ’s size was so intimidating that I refused to join the ranks of the enthused for months , until social pressure pushed me into taking the plunge .
I trudged through the first hundred pages ( patience was strongly advised ) until the gripping mystery of the man who stopped the motor of the world swept me through the next thousand pages .
I found Atlas Shrugged to be a remarkable book , as many have .
In fact , in 1991 the Library of Congress and the Book of the Month Club surveyed readers about books that “ made a difference ” in their lives .
Atlas Shrugged was rated second only to the Bible . 12 Rand ’s philosophy of Objectivism was based on four fundamental principles :
Metaphysics : Objective Reality ; Epistemology : Reason ; Ethics : Self - interest ; Politics : Capitalism.13
Although I now disagree with her ethics of self - interest ( science shows that in addition to being selfish , competitive , and greedy , we also harbor a great capacity for altruism , cooperation , and charity ) , reading Rand led me to the extensive body of literature on business , markets , and economics .
I cannot say for certain whether it was the merits of free market economics and fiscal conservatism ( which are considerable ) that convinced me of its veracity , or if it was my disposition that reverberated so well with its worldview .
As it is for most belief systems we hold , it was probably a combination of both .
I was raised by parents who could best be described as fiscally conservative and socially liberal .
Products of the depression and motivated by the fear of falling back into abject poverty , they skipped college and worked full time well into their later years .
Throughout my childhood I was inculcated with the fundamental principles of economic conservatism : hard work , personal responsibility , self - determination , financial autonomy , small government , and free markets .
Even though they were not in the least religious ( as so many conservatives are today ) , my parents were exceedingly generous to those who were less fortunate — greed is good , but charity is better .
After Pepperdine , I began a graduate program in experimental psychology at California State University , Fullerton , by which time I had abandoned my religious faith and embraced in its stead the secular values of the Enlightenment and the rigorous methods and provisional truths of science .
14
But after two years of enticing rats to press bars in proportion to the frequency and intensity of the reinforcements we gave them , my enthusiasm for practicing this type of science waned while my wanderlust for the real world waxed .15 I went to the campus career development office and inquired what I might do for a living with a Master ’s degree .
“ What are you educated to do ? ” they inquired .
“ Train rats , ” I replied sardonically .
“ What else can you do ? ” they persisted .
“ Well , ” I searched , “ I can research and write . ”
The employment book included a job description for research and writing at a trade magazine of the bicycle industry , about which I knew nothing .
My first assignment was to attend a press conference hosted by Cycles Peugeot and Michelin Tires in honor of John Marino , a professional bicycle racer who broke the transcontinental record from Los Angeles to New York .
I fell in love with the sport , entering my first race that weekend , and for the next two years I learned the business of publishing , the economics of sales and marketing , and the sport of cycling .
I wrote articles , sold advertisements , and rode my bike as far as I could .
At the end of 1981 , I left the magazine to race full time , supported by corporate sponsors and an adjunct professor ’s salary from teaching psychology at Glendale College .
One day in 1981 , during a long training ride , Marino told me about Andrew Galambos , a retired physicist teaching private courses through his own Free Enterprise Institute , under an umbrella field he called “ Volitional Science . ”
The introductory course was V - 50 .
This was Econ 101 on free market steroids , an invigoratingly muscular black - and - white world where Adam Smith is good , Karl Marx bad ; individualism is good , collectivism bad ; free economies are good , mixed economies are bad .
The course was popular in Orange County , California ( labeled by our neighbors in L.A. County as the “ Orange Curtain ” ) , and the time was right with Ronald Reagan as President and conservatives on the ascendant .
Where Rand advocated for limited government , Galambos proffered a theory in which everything in society would be privatized until government simply falls into disuse and disappears .
Galambos identified three types of property : primordial ( one ’s life ) , primary ( one ’s thoughts and ideas ) , and secondary ( derivatives of primordial and primary property , such as the utilization of land and material goods ) .
Thus , Galambos defined capitalism as “ that societal structure whose mechanism is capable of protecting all forms of private property completely . ”
To realize a truly free society , then , we have merely “ to discover the proper means of creating a capitalist society . ”
In this free society , we are all capitalists .
16
Galambos ’s story is not unusual in the history of the oft - fringy libertarian movement .
He had a massive ego that propelled him to a successful career as a private lecturer , but led him to such ego - inflating pronouncements as his classification of all sciences into physical , biological , and his own “ volitional sciences . ”
His towering intellect took him to great heights of interdisciplinary creativity , but often left him and his students tangled up in contradictions , as when we all had to sign a contract promising that we would not disclose his ideas to anyone , while we were also inveigled to solicit others to enroll .
( “ You ’ve got to take this great course . ”
“ What ’s it about ? ” “ I ca n’t tell you . ” )
And he had a remarkable ability to lecture for hours without notes in an entertainingly colloquial style , but when two hours stretched into three , and three hours dragged into four , his audiences were never left wanting for more .
Most problematic , however , was any hope of translating theory into practice , which is where the rubber meets the road for any economic principle .
Property definitions are all well and good , but what happens when we cannot agree on property rights infringements ?
The answer was inevitably something like this : “ in a truly free society all such disputes will be peacefully resolved through private arbitration . ”
This sounds good in theory and makes for a nice just - so story , but I would like more data from real world social experiments .
Galambos had a protégé named Jay Stuart Snelson , whom I met shortly after taking V - 50 .
Snelson taught courses at the Free Enterprise Institute , but after a falling out with Galambos ( a common occurrence in Galambos ’ social sphere that also plagued Ayn Rand and other libertarian leaders ) , Snelson founded his own Institute for Human Progress .
To distance himself from Galambos and bring his ideas more into line with mainstream economic theory , Snelson built on the shoulders of what is known as the Austrian School of Economics , most notably the work of the Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises .
Snelson demonstrated through a series of economic principles and historical examples that free market capitalism is unquestionably the most effective means of optimizing peace , prosperity , and freedom , and that the privatization of education , transportation , communications , health services , environmental protection , crime prevention , and countless other areas would produce the greatest good for the greatest number .
During this time Marino and I ( and our cycling partner Lon Haldeman ) turned our cycling passion into a business called the Race Across America — a 3,000 - mile nonstop transcontinental bicycle race — with corporate sponsors and a contract from ABC Sports .
Several appearances on Wide World of Sports gave me the recognition and confidence to open Shermer Cycles , a bicycle shop in Arcadia , California .
Meanwhile , I expanded my teaching duties by creating new courses in evolutionary theory and the history of ideas at Glendale College .17
I also developed a monthly seminar reading group called the “ Lunar Society ” — after the famous eighteenth - century Lunar Society of Birmingham — centered on discussing such books as Human Action , which inspired me toward the lofty goal set by its author , Ludwig von Mises : “ One must study the laws of human action and social cooperation as the physicist studies the laws of nature . ”
I call this Mises ’ Maxim , and it is one of two principles that guide my thinking in this book .18
In 1987 , I decided that if I wanted to make an impact on the world through ideas I was going to have to give up my competitive cycling career and complete my graduate studies .
I switched fields from psychology to history , and in 1991 I graduated from Claremont Graduate University with a Ph.D. in the history of science .
I began teaching at Occidental College , a prestigious four - year liberal arts college in Los Angeles , and since I was interested in broader issues in science , particularly the growing threat of pseudoscience and irrationality in our culture , in 1992 I co-founded ( along with my wife Kim and the artist Pat Linse ) , the Skeptics Society , Skeptic magazine , and our public science lecture series at the California Institute of Technology .
The motto of the Skeptics Society is the second guiding principle of this book , and it comes from the Dutch philosopher Baruch Spinoza ’s 1667 treatise on politics penned just before his death , Tractatus Politicus , in which he explained his methodology for studying such emotionally - charged subjects as politics and economics :
That I might investigate the subject matter of this science with the same freedom of spirit as we generally use in mathematics , I have labored carefully not to mock , lament , or denounce human actions , but to understand them ; and to this end I have looked upon passions , such as love , hatred , anger , envy , ambition , pity , and the other perturbations of the mind , not in the light of vices of human nature , but as properties just as pertinent to it as are heat , cold , storm , thunder , and the like to the nature of the atmosphere .
19
A pithier translation of the key phrase reads : “ I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule , not to bewail , not to scorn human actions , but to understand them . ”
I elevated it to Spinoza ’s Proverb , a standard toward which to reach when dealing with such emotionally - laden topics as science , religion , and morality , which encompass my belief trilogy : Why People Believe Weird Things , How We Believe , and The Science of Good and Evil20 .
It is no less so with this , the product of an intellectual journey whose purpose is to improve our understanding of the mental , moral , and material nature of humanity .
To that end , economics is for everyone .
References for Prologue
Slow Computer ?
Get A Registry Repair Online
If you want your computer to run error free and perform like it should be then you will have to download a Windows online registry repair .
The good news is that we already have done all the hard work for you and tried and tested all the Microsoft verified cleaners .
Simply read our straightforward online registry cleaner review below and run a free scan with the software that best fit your needs .
Which is the best registry cleaner online ?
Which registry repair should I download ?
Below you can read our Online Registry Cleaner Comparison Chart And Reviews .
Before installing any registry cleaner , you ask yourself what is the best registry cleaner ?
Which online registry cleaner best suits my computer ?
What registry cleaner should I download ?
Before you do choose from the list of online registry repair available in the internet , be aware that many versions of registry cleaners are not Microsoft certified and could very well damage your PC .
Before downloading and installing any program , make sure that the product is compatible with your operating system .
In reality a computerâs registry can be easily corrupted with errors .
Most of the time , it happens when uninstalling a programs and it can also get bad for other reasons .
That is why you need an online registry cleaner .
Whatâs the good news ?
You donât have to spend hundreds of dollars and have someone else to fix it for you .
You can get right back on your PC in just minutes .
All of the online registry cleaners in our reviews are in fact certified by Microsoft and they will work with any Windows platform .
Most Common PC Errors - Black Screen Error , Blue Screen Error , PC Freezes , Various Windows Errors , Unwanted Error Messages , Slow Running Computer , Suddenly System Crashes and Shut Downs ...
Certified Online Registry Cleaners Comparison Chart Registry Repair Screenshot Rating Ease of Use Quality Comments Full Review FREE Scan & Download PC
Health
Advisor
*****
# 1 The Best
All In One Program ***** # 1 Best *****
# 1 Best PC Health Advisor is an all - in - on effective tool for your optimum computer performance .
It was created by Paretologic which is the same company that developed RegCure .
This registry repair online can clean the registry , malware , cache that slows down your PC , update drivers , defragments the disk , open key file extensions and much more .
PC Health
Advisor
Review Free Scan RegCure
****
Exellent ***** Excellent *****
Excellent RegCure is undoubtedly the best registry repair online .
It is guaranteed to get your PC performing like its new again in only a couple of minutes .
RegCure will boost your computer speed by an estimated 115 % .
RegCure
Review Free Scan RegSweep
****
Good ***** *****
RegSweep is an online registry cleaner that gives you a good value for the money you have spent .
Nevertheless , this registry repair doesnât have many of the features that are standard on the other top registry repair programs .
RegSweep
Review Free Scan RegClean
****
Good **** ****
RegClean is a relatively new registry cleaner online and it is consider an entry level program .
It can fix your Internet Explorer , repair Windows installer errors , stabilize operating system errors and stop your computer from crashing and freezing .
RegClean
Review Free Scan Error Nuker ***
Good **** ***
Error Nukeâs scan is not as fast as the other top registry repair online competitors but it still does a thorough registry search and will certainly fix all the registry errors .
Error
Nuker
Review Free Scan
Some more about online registry repair and PC performance Have you ever had freezing or crashing problems with your PC ?
Doesnât it run like the way it used to ?
Most of the time , these things happen because of problems in the Registry .
Configurations of newly installed hardware and software are stored in the Registry so that they can work properly in Windows .
So if the configurations in the Registry have been changed , misplaced , or corrupted for some reason , your computer would be useless since its programs would not work .
A top registry cleaner online will help you with the issues concerning your computer performance problems .
This is Why You Need The Best Online Registry Cleaner !
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
PC
Health Advisor is a Microsoft Certified Online Registry Cleaner PC users will have convenience because PC Health Advisor adjust Windows setting and find programs to open file extensions .
It can also be a tool in locating your missing files and had the capabilities to recover it back .
Those are the things this program can do .
This online registry repair is not just like any other program , you will experience an all - in - one effective tool for your PC .
PC Health Advisor Free Scan
It has been proven and tested that the best program for a wide range of computer performance is PC Health Advisor .
The creators of PC Health Advisor are so confident you 'll be satisfied with their online registry cleaner and computer performance software that they have a 60 - day money back guarantee .
Before deciding whether or not you want to purchase the registry repair online you can download and scan your computer for errors absolutely free of charge .
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
It gives a whole new meaning to the word " micromanager . "
Judging from a recent patent application , Microsoft hopes to build some sort of " activity monitoring system " that keeps an eye on worker productivity using various " physiological or environmental sensors . "
These sensors would track everything from heart rate , respiration rate , body temperature , facial expressions , and blood pressure to brain signals and galvanic skin response .
Yes , galvanic skin response is what drives a lie detector .
Redmond sees this system as a way for companies and , um , governments to monitor " group activities . "
" In particular , the system can monitor user activity , detect when users need assistance with their specific activities , and identify at least one other user that can assist them , " the patent application reads , in classic patent speak .
" Assistance can be in the form of answering questions , providing guidance to the user as the user completes the activity , or completing the activity such as in the case of taking on an assigned activity . "
In other words :
If you do n't do your duty , the system will make sure your duties are assigned to someone else .
The system is designed to provide its unique brand of " assistance " as workers slave away on various computing devices , including desktops , laptops , and cell phones .
But it does n't just track your physical use of such devices .
It also monitors things like " frustration and stress . "
And it always knows whether you can handle this frustration and stress .
" Baseline or ' normal ' parameters for each user can be established in view of the fact that different body types and sizes and personalities can display different physical , mental , and emotional responses to similar situations , " the patent application continues .
" For example , an elevated heart rate during tax return preparation may be considered normal for one user and not an indication that help is needed but for another user , the inverse may be true . "
Plus , all this personal information is safely stored away for future use .
According to Microsoft , that 's a good thing .
" The system can aggregate activity data across users and / or devices .
As a result , problems with activity templates or activities themselves can be more readily identified , user performance can be readily compared , and users can communicate and exchange information regarding similar activity experiences . "
If you ask us , we 'd feel safer under the care of the Hal 9000 . ®
The Prince of Wales ' decision not to attend the Beijing Olympics is being used as the launchpad for an international campaign to persuade public figures to boycott the games .
Prince Charles has confirmed to the London - based Free Tibet Campaign that he has no plans to attend the opening ceremony in the Chinese capital .
The Prince has not received a formal invitation but has recently been courted by the Chinese Ambassador in London in a bid to improve relations .
Prince Charles ' public support for the Dalai Lama , Tibet 's independent spiritual leader , and his disparaging remarks about Chinese officials at the handover of Hong Kong have been a public embarrassment for Beijing .
In leaked diaries , written during in 1997 , the Prince notoriously referred to senior Chinese officials as " appalling old waxworks " .
The Free Tibet Campaign , which opposes the Chinese occupation of the Himalyan country , is not calling for athletes to stay away from the summer 's Olympics .
But it is hoping to encourage public figures to declare that they will stay away in protest at human rights abuses and China 's refusal to grant Tibet independence .
" We are not calling for any sort of boycott by the athletes , they have been training for years , " said Anne Holmes , director of the Free Tibet Campaign .
" What we would like to see is as many as possible high profile public figures making a principled decision to stop at home - and watch it on TV .
We would hope this would include Gordon Brown , who has been invited to go back to Beijing for the Olympics .
We can't say what Prince Charles is thinking but Clarence House [ the Prince 's London residence ] has written back to us to confirm that he is still very friendly towards Tibet . "
The Prince has met the Dalai Lama several times .
In a letter to the campaign , Clive Alderton , his deputy private secretary , confirmed the Prince would not attend the opening ceremony .
" As you know , His Royal Highness has long taken a close interest in Tibet and indeed has been pleased to meet His Holiness the Dalai Lama on several occasions , " he wrote .
" You asked if the Prince of Wales would be attending the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics in 2008 .
His Royal Highness will not be attending the ceremony . "
Publication of the letter is likely to be regretted by the government , which has attempted to build strong economic and cultural ties with the China .
A spokeswoman for Clarence House told The Guardian yesterday : " There are no current plans for [ the Prince ] to go to the Olympics .
As a rule he does n't attend .
He went when the Princess Royal was competing in Montreal in 1976 .
The Prince of Wales ... takes an interest in the siuation in Tibet and he hopes as long term peaceful solution will be reached after some dialogue . "
Both Princess Anne , who is president of the British Olympic Association , and Prince Edward are likely to go to Beijing .
Last month Tibetan exiles failed to convince the International Olympic Committee that they should allow their athletes to compete as an independent national team under the title ' Team Tibet ' .
The country has been occupied by Chinese troops since 1950 .
Well , Symantec must be really generous to give a trial for 5046354 days = 13,816 years .
# /usr/bin/env python " " " This simple example has very little to do with the pygame chimp example , except that it will act the same ( more or less ) and it uses the same resources , only they got converted to mp3s , pngs . " " " # Import Modules from pypy .
translator .
flex .
modules .
flex import * class MyRect : def __init__ ( self , x , y , w , h ) : self .
x , self .
y , self . w , self . h = x , y , w , h SCREEN_W = 468 SCREEN_H = 60 class Game : def __init__ ( self ) : pass def init ( self , screen ) : self .
screen = screen screen .
layout = ' absolute ' screen .
setActualSize ( SCREEN_W , SCREEN_H ) screen .
addEventListener ( ' mouseMove ' , mousemotion ) screen .
addEventListener ( ' enter Frame ' , do_loop ) screen .
addEventListener ( ' click ' , chimp_whip ) self .
bg = load_sprite ( " py_background_png " ) ; self .
screen .
add Child ( self . bg ) self .
chimp = load_sprite ( " py_chimp_png " ) ; self .
screen .
add Child ( self .
chimp ) self .
orig_y = self .
chimp .
y im g2 = self .
fist = load_sprite ( " py_fist_png " ) self .
screen .
add Child ( im g2 ) im g2 . move ( 400 , im g2 . height / 2 ) self .
move = 1 self .
spin = 0 self .
hit = 0 self .
hit_move = 1 self .
sfx = { } self .
sfx [ ' whip ' ] = load_sound_resource ( " py_punch_mp3 " ) self .
sfx [ ' nohit ' ] = load_sound_resource ( " py_whiff_mp3 " ) def loop ( self ) : img = self .
chimp if self .
spin : self .
spin -= 1 img .
rotation = self .
spin * 24 else : img .
x += self .
move * 8 if img . x > SCREEN_W - img .
width : self .
move = - 1 if img . x < 0 : self .
move = 1 if self .
hit : self .
hit -= 1 self .
fist .
y += 6 * self .
hit_move if self .
hit <= 5 : self .
hit_move = - 1 def paint ( self , screen ) : pass game = Game ( ) def mousemotion ( e ) : img = game .
fist img_halfw = img .
width / 2 newx = e . stageX - img_halfw # do n't reach the borders if e .
stageX > SCREEN_W - img_halfw : newx = SCREEN_W - img .
width if newx <= 0 : newx = 0 img .
x = newx def do_loop ( e ) : game .
loop ( ) def chimp_whip ( e ) : img = game .
chimp game .
hit = 10 game .
hit_move = 1 game .
fist .
y = game .
fist .
height / 2 if e . stageX > img .
x and e .
stageX < img . x + img .
width : game .
sfx [ ' whip ' ] . play ( ) game .
spin = 20 else : game .
sfx [ ' nohit ' ] . play ( ) def flash_main ( x = 1 ) : game .
init ( castToWindow ( x ) )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In 2000 , Illinois resident Marvin Weatherspoon ( right ) got a Bank of America credit card that he used to consolidate $ 12,000 in home repair bills , thinking the 4.5 percent introductory interest rate would help him get out of debt faster .
Instead , though , eight years later , he has paid the bank more than $ 15,000 , yet has reduced his principal balance by only $ 800 .
The reason ?
Even though he ’s paid his bills on time , Bank of America inexplicably raised his interest rate , first to 19.99 percent and then to 25 percent , where it is today .
Weatherspoon came to Washington yesterday to tell his story at a hearing on the Credit Card Holders Bill of Rights , a bill sponsored by New York Rep. Carolyn Maloney ( D - NY ) that would restrict the kind of arbitrary interest rate increases Weatherspoon got hit with , among other things .
But as it turned out , Weatherspoon never got to testify .
The ever - powerful credit - card companies successfully bounced all of the consumers off the panel , leaving only academics and credit card executives to speak publicly .
At the outset of the hearing before a subcommittee of the House Financial Services Committee , Maloney explained that “ there have been fairness concerns raised about having consumers testify this morning without a waiver that allowed their credit - card issuers to respond publicly . ”
Translation :
The credit card companies wanted the consumer witnesses to make their financial records public so the banks could “ rebut ” their complaints , i.e. , trash them in the press .
It ’s not unusual for Congress to ask hearing witnesses to sign privacy waivers .
When Sen. Carl Levin held a hearing on credit card abuses in the Senate last year , witnesses also signed privacy waivers , but they were designed to allow only the Senate staff to access some of their financial information so they could verify it in advance of the hearing .
It was basically for the Senate ’s own due diligence .
But the waivers that Weatherspoon and the others were asked to sign were far broader , and they were foisted on the witnesses only hours before the hearing .
Some of the witnesses did n’t get them in advance at all .
The credit - card executives , of course , were n’t asked to sign any waivers at all that might allow Congress to actually verify the claims they were making .
Democratic members of the committee protested , and Republicans threatened a bunch of disruptive procedural maneuvers if the waivers were n’t signed , so Maloney and Frank agreed to put the consumers on ice until some later day , probably in April .
Still , score one for the banks .
For the moment , they headed off another day of bad press , as without the consumer angle , the media all but ignored yesterday ’s hearing .
How to make a USB flash drive function as a Ubuntu ( or Kubuntu , Xubuntu , Edubuntu ) Live CD .
The base file system is ext3 , it boots using extlinux and supports the same hardware as the Live CD .
Instructions on how to update the Live CD and modify it 's contents are also given .
For the entire document / dev/sda is the USB device .
Introduction
Booting from a USB device is ofter faster than from CD and USB drives are easier to carry .
You should know why you want and or need this .
We used Kubuntu 7.04 Feisty Fawn as our image for booting and a Gentoo system for building on .
Making the LiveUSB
Download a copy of the latest Ubuntu ISO , at this time Feisty , store that ISO some place .
Ensure that you have squashfs - tools , initrd - tools and syslinux packages installed .
We will re-partition and format the USB device , copy the LiveCD contents over and tune it up with extlinux .
Re-partition and format the USB drive .
Ensure that the first partition is at least 1 GiB in size and marked bootable .
Any remaining space can be divided as necessary .
When formatting choose ext2 , do not put a journaling filesystem onto the USB device .
cfdisk / dev/sda mkfs.ext2 /dev/sda1 mkfs.ext2 /dev/sda2
Mount up the fresh partition and the ISO image .
mkdir /mnt/usb_disc mount /dev/sda1 /mnt/usb_disc mkdir /mnt/ live_cd mount -o loop /tmp/kubuntu-7.04-desktop-i386.iso /mnt/ live_cd cd /mnt/ live_cd/ cp - aR casper disctree dists install pool preseed .
disk /mnt/usb_disc
There is no need to copy the isolinux informations as extlinux will be used .
cd / mkdir /mnt/usb_disc/extlinux extlinux -i /mnt/usb_disc/extlinux
Now edit the config file / mnt/usb_disc/extlinux/extlinux.conf to read something like this .
DEFAULT / casper / vmlinuz APPEND file=preseed/kubuntu.seed boot=casper initrd=/casper/initrd.gz ramdisk_size=1048576 root=/dev/ram0 rw quiet splash --
Modifying or Updating the Image
The filesystem is stored in the squashfs image and is therefore not open for direct update .
Below we will mount the image , copy the contents out , chroot into that environment and perform necessary actions .
mount -o loop -t squashfs / mnt/usb_disc/casper/filesystem.squashfs /mnt/ubuntu_usb mkdir /tmp/ubuntu_usb_image cp -aR /mnt/ubuntu_usb/* /tmp/ubuntu_usb_image/
mount -t proc none /tmp/ubuntu_usb_image /proc mount -o bind / dev /tmp/ubuntu_usb_image/dev chroot /tmp/ubuntu_usb_image /bin/bash
Now that we are in the new environment it can be modified in almost any possible way .
apt - get install aircrack - ng firefox kismet exit
Once finished then re-package the directory into a squashfs image .
cd /tmp mksquashfs ubuntu_usb_image ubuntu_usb.squashfs cp ubuntu_usb.squashfs /mnt/usb_disc/casper/filesystem.squashfs
Now it 's ready to boot !
See Also
Change Log
By Martin Redfern
Rothera Research Station , Antarctica
The UK work is discovering just how fast the ice is moving
If the trend continues , they say , it could lead to a significant rise in global sea level .
The new evidence comes from a group of glaciers covering an area the size of Texas , in a remote and seldom visited part of West Antarctica .
The " rivers of ice " have surged sharply in speed towards the ocean .
David Vaughan , of the British Antarctic Survey , explained : " It has been called the weak underbelly of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet , and the reason for that is that this is the area where the bed beneath the ice sheet dips down steepest towards the interior .
" If there is a feedback mechanism to make the ice sheet unstable , it will be most unstable in this region . "
There is good reason to be concerned .
Satellite measurements have shown that three huge glaciers here have been speeding up for more than a decade .
The biggest of the glaciers , the Pine Island Glacier , is causing the most concern .
Inhospitable conditions
Julian Scott has just returned from there .
He told the BBC : " This is a very important glacier ; it 's putting more ice into the sea than any other glacier in Antarctica .
" It 's a couple of kilometres thick , its 30 km wide and it's moving at 3.5 k m per year , so it 's putting a lot of ice into the ocean . "
The team drove its skidoos for thousands of km across the ice
At times , the temperature got down to minus 30 C and strong winds made work impossible .
At one point , the scientists were confined to their tent continuously for eight days .
" The wind really makes the way you feel incredibly colder , so just motivating yourself to go out in the wind is a really big deal , " Rob Bingham told BBC News .
When the weather improved , the researchers spent most of their time driving skidoos across the flat , featureless ice .
" We drove skidoos over it for something like 2,500 km each and we did n't see a single piece of topography . "
Long drag
Rob Bingham was towing a radar on a 100 m - long line and detecting reflections from within the ice using a receiver another 100 m behind that .
The signals are revealing ancient flow lines in the ice .
The hope is to reconstruct how it moved in the past .
Julian Scott was performing seismic studies , using pressurised hot water to drill holes 20 m or so into the ice and place explosive charges in them .
He used arrays of geophones strung out across the ice to detect reflections , looking , among other things , for signs of soft sediments beneath the ice that might be lubricating its flow .
The Pig - Pine Island Glacier - is a major draining feature on the Wais
Throughout the 1990s , according to satellite measurements , the glacier was accelerating by around 1 % a year .
Julian Scott 's sensational finding this season is that it now seems to have accelerated by 7 % in a single season , sending more and more ice into the ocean .
" The measurements from last season seem to show an incredible acceleration , a rate of up to 7 % .
That is far greater than the accelerations they were getting excited about in the 1990s . "
The reason does not seem to be warming in the surrounding air .
One possible culprit could be a deep ocean current that is channelled onto the continental shelf close to the mouth of the glacier .
There is not much sea ice to protect it from the warm water , which seems to be undercutting the ice and lubricating its flow .
Ongoing monitoring
Julian Scott , however , thinks there may be other forces at work as well .
Much higher up the course of the glacier there is evidence of a volcano that erupted through the ice about 2,000 years ago and the whole region could be volcanically active , releasing geothermal heat to melt the base of the ice and help its slide towards the sea .
Geothermal activity may be playing its part , says Julian Scott
" There has been the expectation that this could be a vulnerable area , " he said .
" Now we have the data to show that this is the area that is changing .
So the two things coinciding are actually quite worrying . "
The big question now is whether what has been recorded is an exceptional surge or whether it heralds a major collapse of the ice .
Julian Scott hopes to find out .
" It is extraordinary and we 've left a GPS there over winter to see if it is going to continue this trend . "
If the glacier does continue to surge and discharge most of it ice into the sea , say the researchers , the Pine Island Glacier alone could raise global sea level by 25 cm .
That might take decades or a century , but neighbouring glaciers are accelerating too and if the entire region were to lose its ice , the sea would rise by 1.5 m worldwide .
“ Houston , I think we achieved liftoff here , ” Mr. Obama told a crowd of 20,000 people in that city as he hailed the voters of Wisconsin .
“ The change we seek is still months and miles away , and we need the good people of Texas to help us get there . ”
Image Senator Barack Obama at a rally in Houston on Tuesday night .
Credit ... Rick Bowmer / Associated Press
With 90 percent of the electoral precincts in Wisconsin reporting , Mr. Obama had 58 percent of the vote to Mrs. Clinton ’s 41 percent .
On the Republican side , Mr. McCain had 55 percent to Mr. Huckabee ’s 37 percent .
And early returns in Washington State showed him with 48 percent of the vote to Mr. Huckabee ’s 21 percent .
In Hawaii , Mr. Obama had 75 percent of the vote , with 71 of precincts reporting , while Mrs. Clinton had 24 percent .
In Wisconsin , the survey of voters leaving the polls found that Democrats believed Mr. Obama would be more likely than Mrs. Clinton , by 63 percent to 37 percent , to defeat the Republican nominee in the fall .
Her latest losses narrowed even further Mrs. Clinton ’s options and leaves her little , if any , room for error .
Her road to victory is now a cliff walk .
By the calculation of her own aides , she now almost certainly will need to win the next two big contests , Texas and Ohio on March 4 , as well as Pennsylvania on April 22 in order to maintain a viable claim to the nomination and stop so - called superdelegates from breaking for Mr. Obama .
But there has been evidence this month that Mr. Obama is building momentum with each victory , and recent polls have suggested that Mrs. Clinton ’s once - large lead in Ohio and Texas is shrinking .
What is more , it may not be enough at this point for Mrs. Clinton to simply win Ohio and Texas .
She needs delegates to catch up with Mr. Obama ; under the rules by which the Democratic Party allocates delegates , she will need to win double - digit victories to pick up enough delegates to close the gap .
Finally , Mrs. Clinton continues to struggle to find a way to try to raise questions about Mr. Obama and stop what has been a rush of voters to his side .
Her Tuesday night speech about Mr. Obama ’s experience level was one of her toughest yet ; still , she has been making similar arguments for months now , and they have not caught fire thus far .
Python - Powered Learning with the cyber:bot
Programming is about so much more than just what you see on the computer screen !
Our beginner - friendly online tutorials for the cyber : bot Robot take you from the very basics of Python programming , all the way to autonomous robotic navigation in small , easy - to - follow steps .
Get started today on Learn !
2008 WILL BE STOLEN ( UNDER PRESENT SYSTEM )
YOUR VOTE MAY BE NULLIFIED BY THE " SILENT STATE "
YET CITIZENS CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE ... EVEN IN THE " SILENT STATE "
A CALL TO ACTION ...
GIVE US BACK OUR VOTE ... " RIGHT " NOW !
~
I am a Pennsylvanian - and so are you , especially in this year of 2008 .
We face a serious SILENT Crisis and MUST Act .
Will you help ?
~
I call Pennsylvania the " Silent State " for few are talking about our plight and concurrently our impact on the Nation .
Pennsylvania may just be the key battleground state determining the next President and Control of Congress ... yet we predominantly will be voting on paperless DRE touchscreens .
~
If this remains , then 2008 will be " stolen " !
If one cannot prove " reported " results , if there is no way to recount , no way to get back to source entry / ballot of voter then have we voted ?
How will we know - we wo n't .
~
If we do n't know " reported " results are the people 's choices then have we had an election ?
NO !
If no vote ... no election .... then wo n't 2008 be stolen from rightful deciders ?
~
Most of PA State Leaders - of both parties - ignore the problems of paperless DREs ( not that DREs with printers are acceptable ) .
The media in PA and nationally are SILENT too .
~
My nightmare is Election 2008 , with determining decision made by Pennsylvania ... yet with no way to prove the count ... not even a Chad ... hanging or otherwise .... or is it , we will all be hung by Pennsylvania , in particular ?
~
All Americans will " lose " their voice if Pennsylvania is the decider .
All Americans have a stake in removing the gag on and in PA , , , and helping to ensure that State ( along with others ) has voter marked paper ballots and precinct based optical scan or hand count in November and effective oversight system to ensure smooth running and full voter participation .
Yes , there is more needed to be done but first we MUST have the actual ballots cast by voters , not the SILENCE of secretly programmed machine bytes determining who may be the - " the " not " our " - next President ... selected not elected !
~
Pennsylvania unchanged will be far far worse than 2000 / 2004 - worse than Florida / Ohio - for we have NOTHING at all to check or recount for there is nothing there .
No real Vote ... no real Election .
~
How sadly ironic it would be if the State where our Nation began , where our Declaration of Independence and Constitution were forged , where the idea that people are capable of self governing , that government exists to serve us and all power flows from and back to the people was proclaimed , is the place where our rights end .
Pennsylvania may be - nay , will be , the SILENCING of those great ideas / ideals and the death of our representative democracy unless action is immediately taken to give us back our vote and have a real election ..
As we in CVI say ...
Democracy begins with the integrity of OUR vote ... and ends without it .
Well if PA decides the election based on the present unprovable - SILENT to the intent of voters - system - Integrity is gone , for there is no way to prove , thus will our Democracy end .
Yes , it is that serious for once lost , how will we regain ?
Can we ... or will something else take its ' place ?
~
We must focus our fight to change Pennsylvania in one of its ' largest counties , Bucks .
The Citizens are aware , more so every day , they are not silent though the majority Commissioners must be for they do not hear and do not care ( read editorial below )
Bucks is where the first American flag was delivered to George Washington who was camped at the Molland House in Bucks County .
It is where it was first flown on what was becoming the United States of America .
~
It is up to Bucks to raise the flag again ... the battle for our rights .. our vote - OUR Vote ... and set the example and replace all DREs whether Congress acts on legislation timely or not .
We must do the morally right thing ... as quickly yet efficiently / effectively as possible .
It can and must start county by county so by Election Day 2008 , every voter in PA ( and ideally all the USA ) cast their vote ( the REAL Vote ) on a ballot that is proof of citizen choice not of secretly programmed " fatally flawed " machines .
~
This means that All Americans must now also become Pennsylvanians and Bucks Countians , for your vote could be nullified by the former ... are you willing to let a worse situation than 2000 / 2004 occur ?
If not , then we ask in the name of those who went before and gave blood and effort to give us freedom and for the sake of our children and future generations that our great ideals , backed by the Voice of citizens through their Vote , is NOT SILENCED , that it still survive because WE today took a stand ... removed the Silence ... and raised our voices together and kept raising until heard and heeded , , , by November Election by We the People ... an Election , NOT Selection by unproven report or court decision .
~
Abraham Lincoln stated " Elections belong to the People .
It is their decision . "
Let 's make it our decision ... starting with the critical county and state that could decide 2008 .
~
Right now please call Governor Rendell ( D ) at 717-787-2500 .
Call Bucks County Commissioners Cawley and Martin ( both R ) at 215-348-6000 .
Tell them you are their constituents too and they are your representatives for their decision impacts your vote ... that it 's time to END THE SILENCE ... show leadership in the best tradition of Bucks , Pennsylvania 's and America 's history and ideals .
Replace ALL paperless DREs with voter marked paper ballots and either optical scan or hand count .
GIVE US BACK OUR VOTE ... our first right , as Tom Paine stated , the right from which all others derive .
~
Yes , we need more but we must begin be having a ballot completed directly by the voter first .
Call now and have everyone you know call till the Silence is banished by the Voice and Choice of We the People .
YOUR Vote and OUR future may depend on it .
Impeach
The Democrats have taken impeachment off the table .
Why ?
They say it ’s too late to impeach Bush and Cheney .
We say – never too late to bring those responsible for the criminal war in Iraq to justice .
Ralph Nader wants to put impeachment back on the table .
Here ’s a picture of Ralph and the former mayor of Salt Lake City , Rocky Anderson , taken last year in Alaska .
Here ’s Anderson ’s take on impeachment :
“ To restore some modicum of decency and accountability for our nation , and to protect our nation against those who would rule without regard to established law , we must commit ourselves to the rule of law and call for the impeachment and removal from office of President Bush . ”
Put impeachment back on the table .
Onward .
By Ian Youngs
Entertainment reporter , BBC News
Radiohead fans can enter any amount for the album , up to £ 99.99
Fans can name their price , from £ 0 - 100 , and download In Rainbows on Wednesday .
Former Stone Roses singer Ian Brown said it was a " fantastic idea " , adding : " Anything that can break the music industry up , I 'm supporting it . "
Ex -Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr praised their trust in human nature .
He said : " We 'll see if their good faith is going to be rewarded .
I think it will work . "
' Fantastic idea '
Radiohead followers have been pre-ordering Radiohead 's seventh studio album for the past week .
Everyone knows you can get your music for free , so let 's see if you really want to show the band your appreciation
Johnny Marr
Instead of listing a price , the group 's website simply says : " It 's up to you , " and then adds : " No really , it 's up to you . "
" I think it 's a really fantastic idea because it puts the responsibility back on people 's own consciences and deals with people as grown ups , " Marr told the BBC News website .
" It 's not hiding behind any corporate nonsense , it 's just saying ' this is the way it is , let 's get on with it ' .
" Everyone knows you can get your music for free , so let 's see if you really want to show the band your appreciation . "
Radiohead are not currently signed to a record label after their deal with Parlophone ran out , and no agreement to release the album in record shops has been announced .
Ian Brown was named the Q Legend at this year 's Q Awards
Referring to The Charlatans ' scheme to give away their new album , Ian Brown said : " I 've heard about bands putting out free albums .
" The idea of that is that they 'll then sell concert tickets and that 's how they 'll get the money back .
Anything that 's going to break the game up like that , I support it . "
Brown and Marr were speaking at the Q Awards in London on Monday , where Brown was named the Q Legend and Marr received a lifetime achievement honour .
Story Highlights • Federal agency investigating Karl Rove and other White House officials
• Presentations made by White House aides might have violated Hatch Act
• Hatch Act protects federal employees from political coercion
• Agency also investigating GOP e-mail accounts , attorney firings
Adjust font size :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A small federal agency responsible for safeguarding federal employees from political coercion has launched an extensive investigation into the activities of the White House 's political operation and its architect , Karl Rove .
The U.S. Office of Special Counsel is looking into whether Rove -- President Bush 's longtime trusted political strategist -- or other White House aides violated federal law by making political presentations to government employees in the run-up to last year 's midterm elections .
" We will do a thorough job .
We will not leave any stone unturned , " said Scott Bloch , a Kansas lawyer appointed by Bush to head the agency in 2003 .
" We will be fair , we will be impartial , and we will be thorough . "
( Watch what makes this probe different )
Bloch confirmed that Rove will be a focus of his investigation .
" Mr. Rove is a respected individual in the White House , and we plan to do our job with professionalism , " he said .
The investigation centers on allegations that officials with the White House political operation improperly made presentations to employees in a number of federal agencies , encouraging them to find ways to support Republican candidates in the midterm elections .
The practice came to light when some employees at the General Services Administration complained .
While the White House has insisted the practice was proper , Bloch said his agency will look at whether these presentations violated the Hatch Act by using federal resources for partisan political activity , coercing subordinates to engage in political activity or using " official authority or influence " to affect the outcome of an election .
Bloch 's office of 106 employees investigates violations of the federal Civil Service Act and the Hatch Act .
The agency is also charged with protecting federal whistle - blowers from retaliation .
The agency cannot bring criminal charges , but it does have subpoena power and can recommend sanctions -- including termination -- against federal officials who violate federal laws imposed to protect workers .
" We do n't have slaps on the wrists .
We have actual disciplinary action we obtain , " Bloch said .
" The higher up you go in the chain , the higher level an official you are , the higher the standards for your behavior . "
Bloch insisted that his support for Bush in the last two presidential elections will not affect his investigation .
" We are an independent federal agency .
Anyone who knows me and knows my performance here in the job knows we have obtained corrective action for many individuals who have been aggrieved in the federal government , " he said .
Bloch said he anticipated full cooperation from the White House .
E-mail accounts , attorney firing also under investigation
The agency is also investigating the use of Republican Party e-mail accounts by administration officials and the controversial firing of a U.S. attorney in New Mexico , now at the center of a congressional investigation .
Some e-mails in a GOP account outside of the White House system were not retained , and Democrats have demanded to know whether the accounts were being used to hide potentially damaging information .
The Office of Special Counsel is also responsible for protecting the job rights of National Guard and Reserve members who are called away for military duty .
In that capacity , Bloch is looking into whether David Iglesias , one of eight U.S. attorneys dismissed earlier this year , was punished for missing work to serve in the Navy Reserve .
Iglesias , who was the U.S. attorney for New Mexico until he was replaced in February , was cited as an " absentee landlord " in a Justice Department document laying out reasons for his termination .
William Moschella , the No. 3 official at Justice , told a House subcommittee in March that Iglesias was fired because he delegated too much responsibility to his deputy .
Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ' former chief of staff , Kyle Sampson , recently told the Senate Judiciary Committee that Iglesias was added to the list of prosecutors to be replaced after the midterm elections , and that Rove had complained Iglesias had not pursued voter fraud cases aggressively enough .
Iglesias has said he felt " leaned on " when two Republican members of New Mexico 's congressional delegation , Sen. Pete Domenici and Rep. Heather Wilson , called him to inquire about pending corruption cases against state Democrats before the election .
Saturday , March 8 , 2008
Hamsters have become popular pets in Vietnam , especially among youth .
Fearing that their growing population might spread disease and destroy crops , Vietnam has banned the sale and possession of hamsters , which have launched somewhat of a subculture among the country 's youth .
Starting Monday , the fine for trading or owning a hamster will reach up to 30 million dong ( 1,875 US dollars ) , the Ministry of Agriculture said .
They express concern that hamsters have been imported illegally from China , Thailand , or Taiwan , and are left unlicensed and unchecked for diseases .
" Traders illegally carry hamsters across borders and do not register with customs to quarantine these animals , " said a senior official of the Animal Health Department .
Although the Animal Health Department has said they will kill any hamster that has been imported illegally , there are no plans for a mass elimination of hamsters .
" Destroying them all is really a big problem , " agriculture ministry official Nguyen Thanh Son said .
" I think the Vietnam animal health department should take some samples , conduct tests , and see how dangerous the hamsters in Vietnam really are . "
Hamsters arrived in Vietnam years ago for use in scientific research , but have only become popular recently .
The rodents ' increasing popularity with youngsters has been attributed to 2008 being the Year of the Rat in the Chinese Zodiac .
Their adoration can be seen online , where there are numerous forums allowing hamster owners to talk about their beloved pets .
The craze has even spawned offline " hamster clubs " .
Sources
My colleague Jonathan Martin questions the Obama campaign 's response to Michelle 's words , in the context of the " freak show " media environment of campaigns :
And as of now , Wednesday morning , Michelle Obama has made no public comments nor issued any statement to stop the bleeding .
Only Obama campaign advisers have sought to explain away an obvious gaffe .
Now , the Obama camp can make the case that her comments are being distorted and that they do n't want to legitimize their right - wing tormentors by having Michelle apologize or even clarify the statement .
After all , the mainstream media has n't exactly pounced on the affair .
The New York Times , for example , had just a small story deep in the paper today , completely overshadowed by Obama 's success last night .
It all sounds familiar , does n't it ?
Kerry and his top aides did n't want to elevate the attacks of the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth by forcefully rebutting them .
And the Swifties did n't exactly garner much attention when they launched their campaign in the summer of 2004 .
The elite newspapers and network newscasts initially gave them only the most cursory mention .
Plus , Kerry was riding high after his military - bedecked convention .
Why dignify a few fringe voices ?
But as Kerry learned too late , the politico - media world has changed .
Obama may not want to play by the rules of the Drudge - Limbaugh - Fox News axis , but their influence is as real as the voters they reach .
The small Himalayan country of Bhutan became the world 's newest democracy Monday when voters cast ballots in the nation 's first parliamentary elections .
The Bhutan Peace and Prosperity Party , viewed as the more royalist of two groups running for parliament , took 44 of the 47 seats , election commissioner Kunzang Wangdi said .
The People 's Democratic Party won the remaining three seats .
Turnout was more than 79 per cent of the 320,000 registered voters , Wangdi said .
The results will not be official until Tuesday morning .
The vote ended more than a century of absolute monarchy in the mountainous land long known as a quirky holdout from modernity , allowing television and the internet only in 1999 .
The election came with a twist : it was the country 's king , not the people , who pressed for democracy .
" His Majesty is like our father .
We all prefer our father , " said Karma Tsheweng , a 35 - year - old mechanic .
But Tsheweng and hundreds of thousands of others nonetheless lined up at polling stations across the Land of the Thunder Dragon to vote Monday , excited at getting to try something new , but nervous about what may happen after they 've traded their Precious Ruler for politicians .
Voting machines delivered by yak
Even in remote corners of the largely rural country — in tiny hamlets where voting machines were delivered by yak — the election went smoothly , officials said .
Bhutanese have reason to be ambivalent .
The small country of about 600,000 people has prospered under royal rule .
Its fast - growing economy is slowly lifting many people out of poverty and nearly everyone has access to schools and hospitals .
The success contrasts with other South Asian countries , such as Nepal and Bangladesh , which seem like case studies in democracy gone awry .
Even in neighbouring India , democracy is a chaotic and corrupt affair that has done little to provide decent education or medical care for many of its 1.1 billion people .
The democracy process in Bhutan was started by King Jigme Singhye Wangchuck , who abdicated in favour of his son in December 2006 .
Bhutanese regularly refer to both as " His Majesty . "
" There was much resistance when His Majesty told us that we must decide our future if Bhutan was to prosper , " said Karma Dorji , a 55 - year - old civil servant who was waiting to vote .
That was in late 2006 and since then " we have come to see that this is an opportunity he has given us because he is far - sighted and wise , " Dorji said .
Still , he said : " We prefer our king . "
Apart from trepidation about the future , the campaign for the 47 - seat National Assembly has also been baffling for many in a society that frowns on self - promotion and open criticism .
" Why do we need these people and their arguments ? " asked 48 - year - old Kinzang Tshering after listening to one candidate make his spiel days before the vote .
" They tell us they are better than the other ones .
How should I know which one is better ? "
5 / 5 ( 1 vote )
Quarter - final ties correctly predicted 90 minutes before the draw
I ’m not usually one for crazy conspiracy theories , but this one looks relatively credible .
At 10.28 this morning , someone posted a thread on the Liverpool Echo forum correctly predicting the Champions League quarter - final ties .
No bookies were taking bets on the ties all morning either , suggesting some sort of shenanigans were going down :
Rumour going around draw has been leaked ….. this is no doubt rubbish but if Rumour is true it ’s LFC – arsenal and Chelsea – fenerbache and manure v roma
No bookies will take bets on the draw either …….
Let the draw commence .
Comeeee on !
If my maths are correct ( which they probably are n’t ) , there ’s a 1 in 64 chance of this chap correctly predicting the ties , and it ’s mighty suspicious that the bookmakers would stop taking bets so early .
Then again , I watched the boring draw myself and did n’t see any funny business , so could there really be an evil eastern betting syndicates pulling the strings here ?
Is Elvis still alive ?
Did we really land on the moon ?
Is Paul Daniels the most evil creature on the planet ?
Etc …
Tagged With : Champions League • Conspiracy • Draw • Liverpool Echo
1. The " Computer "  That Outsmarted NapolÃ©on
Centuries before Deep Blue started whuppin ' on Russian grand masters , a chess - playing automaton nicknamed " the Turk "  was thrashing all manner of chess players .
Atop a wheeled wooden cabinet was a seated , life - sized mannequin made of wood and dressed in Turkish garb .
The Turk held a chessboard in his wooden lap , and he beat ' most all comers — including NapolÃ©on Bonaparte and Benjamin Franklin .
Premiering in the 1770s , the creation of Wolfgang von Kempelen moved its wooden arms , seemingly without human assistance , around the board .
The secret ?
The Turk 's arms were operated by a diminutive chess expert crouched inside the cabinet , who operated gears and pulleys to move the Turk 's arms .
After traveling the world for almost a century , the Turk ended up mothballed in Philadelphia — where it was destroyed in a fire in 1854 .
[ Photo is of John Gaughan 's reconstruction of " The Turk . " ]
2. Microsoft Buys the Catholic Church !
While the pranksters are still unknown , few press releases have had the impact of the 1994 doozy sent out supposedly by Microsoft , announcing Bill Gates 's purchase of the Catholic Church .
As reported , Microsoft not only would get sole electronic rights to the good book , but also would pitch in to the church 's efforts , namely by engineering a means for delivering the sacraments online .
Needless to say , the prank tricked a few folks .
So many customers rang up Microsoft in protest that the distraught company finally felt obligated to clear up the mess via ( you guessed it ! ) another press release .
The statement full - out denied the allegations , and further said that it hoped to alleviate customer concerns by declaring that the company had no intentions of purchasing any religious institutions , Catholic or otherwise .
Of course , it was n't long before another " press release "  surfaced , this one touting IBM 's response to Microsoft : a merger with the Episcopal Church .
3 . This Is Your Brain on Bananas
When the alternative newspaper the Berkeley Barb published a satirical article in 1967 claiming that smoking dried banana peels could lead to intoxication , they never expected to be taken seriously .
But the oh - so - square national news media did n't get the joke , and publicized the report throughout the nation .
Since then , countless wayward teens have been duped into smoking bananas ( which can make you nauseated , but not pleasantly so ) .
The hoax really took off , though , in 1970 with the publication of William Powell 's The Anarchist 's Cookbook , which covers all manner of craft pleasantries from building pipe bombs to manufacturing LSD .
Not surprisingly , it also provides a recipe for turning your banana peels into " a fine , black powder "  suitable for smoking .
Even though no one 's ever gotten high from bananas ( although they are a great energy fruit , according to Dr. Atkins ! ) , the Barb 's hoax has had a stunning shelf life .
4. The Social Text Fiasco
In 1996 , the respected cultural studies journal Social Text published several complex and dense articles , mainly because that 's what respected academic journals do .
But one , " Transgressing the Boundaries : Toward a Transformative Hermeneutics of Quantum Physics , "  was a hoax by NYU physics professor Alan Sokal , who sought to prove that academic journals will publish any paper that uses big words .
To the extent that Sokal 's article is readable , it makes a grandly silly argument about the political implications of quantum gravity .
Among other ludicrous assertions , the article claims that physical reality does not exist , that the laws of physics are social constructs , and that feminism has implications for mathematical set theory .
It 's hilarious , if you like that kind of thing , but it 's also utter nonsense .
After Sokal revealed his hoax in Lingua Franca , many academic journals beefed up their peer review process .
[ digg-reddit-me ]
For Part 2 of this two - part case , check out The Case for Barack Obama .
I realize , of course , that Hillary Clinton will not be withdrawing from the race any time soon .
And I realize that , from a short - term political perspective , it makes no sense for her to do so .
She just won New Hampshire , Michigan , and more overall votes in the caucus in Nevada .
But all the same – if Senator Clinton truly believes in the values she claims to , if she would rather liberal values prevail than gain power herself , if she would rather America unite under the next president instead of becoming further divided – she must withdraw her candidacy .
Whether she throws her support behind John Edwards or Barack Obama makes no difference .
Either individual can unite the country .
Hillary Clinton cannot .
Here are 11 reasons Hillary should withdraw now :
Bonus reason : George W. Bush , and some number of his supporters , see her as the best candidate to protect the Bush legacy of torture , preemptive war , and executive overreach .
Hillary –
For the good of the Democratic party ; for the liberal ideas you have fought for ; for the good of the country – drop out of the race today .
We know that Obama is not perfect .
But he ’s the best chance we have of creating an electoral shift around liberal ideas .
If you can take a step back from your campaign – I ’m sure you would realize that .
You are running against him with a fury Democrats normally reserve for Republicans .
You seem to believe that creating a Clinton dynasty is the only chance America has to “ not fall backward ” .
But you ’re wrong .
Get over yourself .
Please Hillary !
Sincerely ,
- a committed liberal , Democrat , and Barack Obama supporter
Edit : I am not hiding my name as one of the commenters alleges .
My name is Joe Campbell , and I stand behind this post .
Another Edit : Welcome Andrew Sullivan readers !
Updated : The New York Times has endorsed Hillary Clinton .
Make your feelings known .
Updated : Responding to some of the comments suggesting that Obama and Hillary are the same .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
At WWDC ’06 I was looking over the session list and picking out all of the ones they did n’t announce ahead of time when one of them stood up , extended its finger , and poked me right in the eye .
“ Code Signing ” .
There was n’t much of a description , but there did n’t need to be .
The place was packed .
I was obviously not the only one to think this was an important session .
And for good reason : we are starting to see how code signing is gradually but deeply changing the nature of the platforms we work on .
Code Signing Background
Like most technologies , code signing itself is neutral , or ought to be .
It can be used for good or evil .
Code signing is basically a way to cryptographically prove the origin of a particular piece of code , nothing more .
The way things are built today , there are really two kinds of code signature .
Or more accurately , there are two types of certificates used to sign code .
There are self - signed certificates , where the certificate is created by the signer and has no connections with the outside world .
This sort of certificate says absolutely nothing about the signer , but it lets you know that two pieces of code were signed with the same certificate , and therefore presumably by the same person .
And then there is code signed using a “ real ” certificate , which is itself signed by a certificate authority .
This means that the authority vouches for the identity of the certificate owner , generally by obtaining some sort of government identification from them .
If you have code signed with this kind of certificate , you have good assurance that it was signed by the person whose name appears on the certificate , and is thus as trustworthy as they are .
Apple currently uses these capabilities in a few beneficial ways .
There are several pieces of Mac OS X which depend on knowing the identity of an application .
For example , the keychain tracks per-application access privileges .
The Leopard firewall can be set to only allow access to certain applications .
Parental Controls allows a user to determine which apps another user is allowed to run .
Many of these things existed before code signing ( which is to say before Leopard ) , but they were relatively fragile .
Every time you updated an application the system would have to treat it as if it were a new application .
With signed applications , the system can see that an update came from the same people and should therefore have the same level of trust as the old version , so it does n’t have to re-prompt the user for keychain access or any of the rest .
This is good for users and it ’s good for developers .
( There is a certain amount of faith involved here .
Anyone who has used enough software should know that the next version of something is n’t always equally trustworthy .
Apple ’s decision to always give new versions the same level of trust is interesting and not entirely obvious , but this is a subject for another day . )
Apple also uses code signing in some odd ways .
For example , OS X includes a function called task_for_pid ( ) which , among other things , is basically the gateway for things like mach_inject .
Back in the old days , basically early 10.4 and below , this could be called on any process owned by the same user as the caller .
Sometime in the 10.4 days this changed to require the caller to be either root or part of the procmod group .
This makes sense ; code injection is dangerous and requiring approval from the user is a good thing .
On 10.5 the rules are the same for unsigned apps , but signed apps can get a free pass .
This is strange .
Apparently Apple believes that having a signature automatically makes an application “ good ” , or that merely being accountable is enough of a barrier .
Code Signing Going Forward
Apple clearly plans to take this further .
Here is a choice quote from Apple :
SIgning [ sic ] your code is not elective for Leopard .
You are * expected * to do this , and your code will increasingly be forced into legacy paths as the system moves towards an “ all signed ” environment .
You may choose to interpret our transitional aids as evidence that we ’re not really serious .
That is your decision .
I do not advise it .
Posted to apple- cdsa on March 3 , 2008
This makes sense for APIs such as the keychain where being able to identify the source of code is useful .
But how many such APIs are there on the system ?
Where else can you be forced onto legacy paths for having unsigned code ?
Apparently the answer is “ everywhere ” :
In order to achieve the nirvana of only running valid code , the system must completely refuse to run unsigned code .
Since that would really have ruined third party developers ’
Leopard experience , we do n’t do that in Leopard ( except for the Parental Controls and firewall cases , where we surreptitiously sign unsigned programs when they are “ enabled ” to run ) .
Eventually you will all have signed your recent releases , and we ’ll have fixed all the ( important ) bugs and closed all the ( important ) holes , and a switch will materialize to this effect – to refuse ( at the kernel level ) to run any code that is n’t valid .
Posted to apple- cdsa on March 3 , 2008
What purpose does this serve ?
Remember that being signed only tells you about the origin of code , it does n’t tell you if that code is good or not .
And self - signed code does n’t even tell you that : it only lets you determine that two pieces of code signed by the same entity actually came from that entity .
The iPhone SDK
The answer to this might be found in the iPhone SDK .
Just released , it offers a development environment very similar to the desktop edition of Mac OS X .
All the standard UNIX stuff is there , many APIs are the same , and many ( such as the GUI parts ) are similar but adapted for the mobile environment .
However , the environment is different in one important way .
Apple is the gatekeeper :
Phones will only run apps signed by Apple .
It also applies FairPlay to the package .
Twitter message from Deric Horn on March 6 , 2008
Let me repeat that : if Apple does n’t sign your iPhone app , it does not run .
Even for local development , you need to get the code signed .
The iPhone SDK is free , but by itself it wo n’t let you load apps onto an iPhone .
When you pay Apple the $ 99 to enroll in the program , they send you a certificate which can be used to sign your applications .
However , they will only work on iPhones which have been provisioned with this certificate .
To distribute your application to other people , you must go through Apple , and Apple has explicitly stated that they are going to be vetting the apps before they give their blessing .
Steve Jobs identified six types of bad behavior which would cause them not to sign an app :
Illegal
Malicious
Unforeseen
Privacy
Porn
Bandwidth hog
Some of these make good sense .
Malicious apps and apps that violate your privacy are bad .
But then again , Apple ’s definitions of these may not agree with yours .
Bandwidth hogging apps are something which need to be regulated to keep the EDGE network up and running , assuming that this only applies to EDGE .
On the other hand , there are cell phones which can run any code without vetting by the manufacturer and none of them have destroyed a carrier ’s data network .
Apple probably has little choice but to block illegal apps , but once again Apple ’s definition of illegal is not going to be everybody ’s .
I can only assume that they will be applying the legal standards of California , USA to all apps , even if the developer is in Lithuania and the user is in Italy .
And then we have “ Porn ” .
You have to wonder why this is on the list .
As long as the application does n’t hide its nature there ’s nothing harmful about it , it ’s generally legal , and a porn application can be just as well behaved toward the EDGE network and toward the user as any other application .
Apparently this is on the list just because some people think it ’s morally wrong .
Apple may or may not believe this , but they at least think enough people will that it ’s not worth allowing .
So now Apple is making moral judgements of the apps they sign .
The most worrying one on the list , of course , is “ Unforeseen ” .
This is basically a catch - all intended to give Apple an out in case anything comes up which they do n’t feel like letting onto the device .
Maybe some new class of evil app is developed which does n’t quite fit into the above categories and Apple needs to block them .
Or maybe Apple just does n’t feel like having any competitors in a particular market , and wants to shut them all out .
Compare this to the current situation on the Mac .
I can develop , distribute , and install programs which Apple has never even heard of .
I have absolute freedom to do as I wish in this regard .
This means that I have the freedom to install bad stuff which will destroy my system or spy on me .
But it also means that I have the freedom to install good programs which Apple would n’t approve .
The Future
Ultimately I think the trend is bad .
Code signing itself is a neutral technology , but it gives incredible power to the system vendor , and that power is just waiting to be exercised and abused .
I believe that the iPhone is serving as a testbed to see how users and developers will react to an environment with ubiquitous code signing and control .
If it goes well I think we can expect to see our desktop Macs gradually move in this direction as well .
Judging by how badly Apple ’s developer servers were flattened during the SDK release it seems like there ’s no way it wo n’t go well .
I ’m sure it will be a gradual process .
If 10.6 ships and suddenly nothing will run without Apple approval there will be a huge revolt among users and developers .
In 10.5 it ’s pretty much innocent .
In 10.6 , given what Apple has revealed , I would expect to start seeing some restrictions in place .
Perhaps initially there will be some APIs which are only available to signed applications .
At some point Apple will decide that there are some areas of the system which are too dangerous to let anyone in , even when signed .
Perhaps you will begin to need Apple approval for kernel extensions , or for code injection , or other such things .
Then one day Apple may decide that unvetted code is too dangerous .
Maybe advanced users could still be allowed to use it , but a setting may show up , “ Allow unapproved applications ” .
It will , of course , be off by default .
Would life really be so bad in such a world ?
After all , even in the worst case , hacks would no doubt appear to disable the signature checks .
But at this point the ecosystem has been severely damaged .
Any application which requires such a scary setting to be changed is not going to get a very large audience .
This is bad news for the developer .
And with such a reduced audience , the amount of such software made is going to be much less , which is in turn bad news for the user .
It could very well be a wonderful environment for the average Joe whose every need is met by Cupertino - approved wares , but it ’s certainly not the kind of environment I want on my desktop .
French far - right leader Jean - Marie Le Pen has been given a three month suspended sentence for describing the Nazi occupation of France as ' not especially inhumane ' .
Mr Le Pen was found guilty of denying a crime against humanity and complicity in condoning war crimes , over the remarks made in an interview with a magazine in 2005 .
The National Front chief was also fined € 10,000 for his remarks .
Le Pen was not in court to hear the verdict but his lawyer said his client would appeal .
Le Pen told Rivarol magazine that 'in France at least the German occupation was not especially inhumane , even if there were a number of excesses , inevitable in a country of 550,000 square kilometres . '
' If the Germans had carried out mass executions across the country as the received wisdom would have it , then there would n't have been any need for concentration camps for political deportees . ' he said .
The court ruled that Le Pen ' tried to sow doubt over what may have been committed by the Nazis on French territory , such as the deportation of the Jews or the persecution of Resistance members , both crimes against humanity . '
Rivarol journalist Jerome Bourbon and the magazine 's editor Marie - Luce Wacquez were also respectively fined € 2,000 and € 5,000 .
Le Pen , has been convicted of racism or anti-Semitism on previous occasions .
In 1987 he described the Nazi gas chambers as a ' detail of history . '
Share this Rating
Title : Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil , Mutant , Hellbound , Flesh - Eating Subhumanoid Zombified Living Dead , Part 3 ( 2005 )
Want to share IMDb 's rating on your own site ?
Use the HTML below .
Most evolutionary theories of aging attempt to explain the general rule , namely , most organisms become less fit as they age .
The dominant theories , distinct but not entirely in competition with one another , invoke either antagonistic pleiotropy ( genes that cause deleterious consequences in late life can be positively selected so long as they provide benefits early in life ) or the disposable soma ( in a dangerous world that poses a constant risk of exogenous mortality , it ’s better to devote resources to reproduction than repair ) .
Both theories rely on the idea that early reproduction increases fitness more than late reproduction , and that the strength of selection diminishes with age .
Both theories make compelling population - genetic predictions , and the data — though scarce — generally fall in line with one or the other if not both .
What , then , do we make of organisms like redwood trees and hydras ( and possibly whales ) , which live fantastically long lives and possibly avoid aging altogether ?
A valid evolutionary theory must explain these exceptions , as well as the more general case .
In a fairly densely written mathematical paper , Seymour and Doncaster attempt to answer this question .
Their model accepts the basic foundations of population genetics ( costly reproduction , a constant risk of mortality from endogenous and exogenous causes ) and refrains from invoking any peculiar gimmicks ( like ever - increasing fecundity , which can change the math regarding how the strength of selection changes with age ) .
They find that in situations where the rate of maturation depends inversely on the population density — i.e. , where more nearby adults means slower maturation for young organisms — natural selection can lead to negligible senescence .
( In reading the abstract , it is useful to know that “ recruitment ” refers to the transition from non-reproducing juvenile to reproduction - competent adult ) :
Density Dependence Triggers Runaway Selection of Reduced Senescence
In the presence of exogenous mortality risks , future reproduction by an individual is worth less than present reproduction to its fitness .
Senescent aging thus results inevitably from transferring net fertility into younger ages .
Some long - lived organisms appear to defy theory , however , presenting negligible senescence ( e.g. , hydra ) and extended lifespans ( e.g. , Bristlecone Pine ) .
Here , we investigate the possibility that the onset of vitality loss can be delayed indefinitely , even accepting the abundant evidence that reproduction is intrinsically costly to survival .
For an environment with constant hazard , we establish that natural selection itself contributes to increasing density - dependent recruitment losses .
We then develop a generalized model of accelerating vitality loss for analyzing fitness optima as a tradeoff between compression and spread in the age profile of net fertility .
Across a realistic spectrum of senescent age profiles , density regulation of recruitment can trigger runaway selection for ever - reducing senescence .
This novel prediction applies without requirement for special life - history characteristics such as indeterminate somatic growth or increasing fecundity with age .
The evolution of nonsenescence from senescence is robust to the presence of exogenous adult mortality , which tends instead to increase the age - independent component of vitality loss .
We simulate examples of runaway selection leading to negligible senescence and even intrinsic immortality .
The Results section describes the authors ’ assumptions and insights and sets up a mathematically rigorous model .
It would be slow going for a non-quantitative reader , but not hard to follow with a bit of patience — and perhaps a willingness to dust off the old calculus and diff - eq texts in that box we all have in a closet somewhere .
For those with dust allergies or more pressing business , however , the Discussion is well - written and accessible to a more general audience .
The authors describe in detail two organisms — the Bristlecone pine and Arctic quahog — that exhibit density - dependent recruitment .
In both species , sessile adults live in crowded but stable conditions in which new opportunities for maturation arise rarely .
In such situations , it behooves an individual organism to outlive its neighbors , so that when they die its seedlings or larvae have a place to dig in and grow up .
In such contexts , the authors argue , natural selection can trigger an anti-aging arms race that results in negligible senescence as a consequence of runaway selection .
The article also contains also some interesting thoughts about the ramifications of such evolutionary forces for non-sessile organisms with unusual life histories , but I ’m going to save that for next week .
Watch this space for developments .
( UPDATE 2008.01.29 :
For more about the evolution of negligible senescence in insects and mammals , see part II ) .
Simon Owens is a blogger who finally got so pissed off at how crappy MySpace is put together + spam = he put together an appeal for January 30th to be International Delete Your Myspace Account Day .
Here are a few of the 10 reasons why :
1 . You rarely log in to Myspace except to delete spam friend requests from nude webcam girls .
3 . You ’re a girl who constantly gets marriage proposals from random men in the middle east .
4 . You visit someone ’s Myspace profile only to suddenly have music start blasting out of your speakers .
Bonus points if it happens to you while you ’re at work .
6 . You visit someone ’s profile only to have your eyes bleed because of terrible page layout with non-matching designs and font colors .
Hillary 's Watch : Clinton campaign may get boost from ' independent ' spending Michael Roston
Published : Wednesday February 13 , 2008
|
Print This Email This As Senator Hillary Clinton fights to keep her head in the contest for the Democratic presidential nomination , she may get a little help from her friends .
Just as some conservative groups like Freedom 's Watch hope to spend money that tacitly supports Republican efforts to keep the White House , Clinton supporters are contemplating spending money independent of their candidate to help her defeat Sen. Barack Obama .
" At least two sets of Clinton fund - raisers are speaking with lawyers to figure out how to create independent entities to support Mrs. Clinton in Ohio , Texas and other primary contests , " write Brody Mullins , John Emshwiller , and Ianthe Jeanne Dugan in Wednesday 's Wall Street Journal .
" Susie Tompkins Buell , the founder of the Esprit clothing company , says she is deciding whether to start her own entity to fund commercials for Mrs. Clinton , or whether to donate to existing groups , such as abortion - rights group Emily 's List , that are already spending money on Mrs. Clinton . "
The reporters note that Buell and other Clinton backers may never get started because of the difficulties of campaign finance law .
But , they write , it shows that , " wealthy Americans are increasingly funding their own independent political operations to back candidates they support . "
Still , Clinton insiders also fear that such operations could give her opponent Barack Obama the opportunity to argue that he is being " swift boated " by the Clinton campaign .
" Some Clinton backers also worry that any new independent organization will be compared to the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , the group founded in 2004 to attack Sen.
John Kerry 's record in Vietnam , " they write .
" Other Clinton fund - raisers say that Mr. Obama campaigns against special interests and will surely point out any help that Mrs. Clinton gets from any outside political organization . "
But with Obama seemingly far ahead of Clinton in fundraising , and set to win possibly 9 to 10 primary contests in a row , some of the former First Lady 's backers feel a need to do something .
" [ One Clinton backer ] feels he has done all he can for the campaign from the inside , " the Journal reporters note .
" He says Mrs. Clinton must win in Texas , Ohio and Pennsylvania to secure the nomination , but he worries that her campaign will not be able to afford to fund the ads she will need . "
The full article can be read at this link .
I have mixed feeling about this , but in general think it is a good idea :
President Bush signed a directive this month that expands the intelligence community ’s role in monitoring Internet traffic to protect against a rising number of attacks on federal agencies ’ computer systems .
The directive , whose content is classified , authorizes the intelligence agencies , in particular the National Security Agency , to monitor the computer networks of all federal agencies — including ones they have not previously monitored .
[…]
The classified joint directive , signed Jan. 8 and called the National Security Presidential Directive 54 / Homeland Security Presidential Directive 23 , has not been previously disclosed .
Plans to expand the NSA ’s role in cyber-security were reported in the Baltimore Sun in September .
According to congressional aides and former White House officials with knowledge of the program , the directive outlines measures collectively referred to as the “ cyber initiative , ” aimed at securing the government ’s computer systems against attacks by foreign adversaries and other intruders .
It will cost billions of dollars , which the White House is expected to request in its fiscal 2009 budget .
[…]
Under the initiative , the NSA , CIA and the FBI ’s Cyber Division will investigate intrusions by monitoring Internet activity and , in some cases , capturing data for analysis , sources said .
The Pentagon can plan attacks on adversaries ’ networks if , for example , the NSA determines that a particular server in a foreign country needs to be taken down to disrupt an attack on an information system critical to the U.S. government .
That could include responding to an attack against a private - sector network , such as the telecom industry ’s , sources said .
Also , as part of its attempt to defend government computer systems , the Department of Homeland Security will collect and monitor data on intrusions , deploy technologies for preventing attacks and encrypt data .
It will also oversee the effort to reduce Internet portals across government to 50 from 2,000 , to make it easier to detect attacks .
By Dr Brian Cox
Presenter , BBC Horizon :
What on Earth is wrong with gravity ?
Newton 's concept of gravity has problems , says Brian Cox Isaac Newton wrote down his theory of gravity in 1689 , and his equations are used to this day to send space probes to the outer edges of our Solar System .
So what could possibly be wrong with our understanding of it ?
There are problems with Newton 's theory , however .
It does n't quite describe the orbit of Mercury , the closest planet to the Sun , and as Newton knew very well it has nothing to say about what the force of gravity actually is .
It took over 200 years and the genius of Albert Einstein to discover a deeper theory .
Einstein's General Theory of Relativity describes the force we see as gravity as being due to the bending and curving of space and time ( or to be more accurate " space - time " ) by heavy objects like the Earth and Sun .
Curved space - time
This is a bizarre concept , but many of us use Einstein 's theory every day when we jump in our cars and turn on the satellite navigation system .
Astonishingly , the fact that the Earth bends time has to be taken into account , otherwise our sat - navs would drift by 11 km per day .
Einstein 's theory of curved space - time beautifully predicts the orbit of Mercury , and much more extreme phenomena out in the Universe .
The Ligo observatories aim to detect gravitational waves Perhaps the most extreme test of Einstein comes in the form of binary pulsars : two stars as massive as the Sun but squashed to the size of a city , orbiting around each other and spinning thousands of times a second .
Einstein predicts that these exotic stars should spiral inwards towards each other as they release energy in the form of gravitational waves .
Changes in the violent dance of the binary pulsars have been observed at exactly the rate predicted by Einstein , but the gravitational waves themselves have yet to be seen .
This is the goal of the Ligo observatories near Seattle and New Orleans .
Gravitational waves as predicted by Einstein are one of the strangest phenomena in nature .
Broken theory
They are a travelling , stretching and squashing of space and time !
If they exist , they will be passing through you right now as you read this , speeding up and slowing down your watch and stretching and squashing your head , fortunately by an amount less than the size of a sub-atomic particle .
Einstein 's laws must break down in the hearts of black holes
So you do n't feel them , but , remarkably , Ligo may see their effects .
The observation of gravitational waves would be another remarkable triumph for Einstein , but even that will not satisfy physicists like myself .
This is because we know that there are places in the Universe where Einstein must fail .
In the heart of black holes , giant suns collapsed to a single infinitely dense point , Einstein breaks down .
And even more crucially , back at the beginning of time , the Big Bang itself , Einstein 's picture of space and time is no longer adequate .
We physicists are therefore faced with a deep problem .
If we want to truly understand how , and maybe even why , the Universe began , then we must know what space and time looked like right back at the beginning .
Such a theory , if it exists , would be what is known as a quantum theory of gravity - a theory that supersedes Einstein and works not only in the world of planets , stars and galaxies , but also in the sub-atomic sized world of black holes and the very beginning of the Universe itself .
This quest is the " Holy Grail " of 21st century physics .
Dr Brian Cox presents Horizon : What on Earth is wrong with Gravity ? on BBC Two at 2100GMT , Tue 29 Jan or afterwards from BBC iPlayer .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Clinton Campaign Manager Calls It Quits
Former First Lady's Chief of Staff to Take Over Running Presidential Race
Patti Solis
Doyle announced that she is stepping down as the campaign manager for the presidential campaign of Sen.
Hilary Clinton , D - N.Y. , ABC News has learned that this afternoon .
In a note she sent to her staff , Solis Doyle announced that this week Maggie Williams , Clinton 's chief of staff when she was first lady , " will begin to assume the duties of campaign manager . "
Solis Doyle , 42 , said she would remain as a senior adviser to the campaign .
Solis Doyle , who has been with Clinton she was first lady of Arkansas , noted that " this has already been the longest Presidential campaign in the history of our nation , and one that has required enormous sacrifices from all of us and our families . "
She wrote that she has been " proud to manage this campaign , and prouder still to call Hillary my friend for more than sixteen years .
I know that she will make a great President . "
The announcement came one day after Clinton 's opponent , Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , swept four primary contests -- Nebraska , Washington state , Louisiana and the U.S. Virgin Islands -- and two days before the so - called " Potomac Primary " of Virginia , Maryland , and Washington , D.C. , where Clinton 's campaign says they do not expect her to fare well .
In a statement about Solis Doyle , Clinton said she was " enormously grateful for her friendship and her outstanding work " and said she " has done an extraordinary job in getting us to this point -- within reach of the nomination . "
Of course , by now Clinton had expected to have secured the nomination .
Clinton needs to win the Ohio and Texas contests next month , and Pennsylvania in April , and many in the campaign have more confidence that Williams will be better at ensuring those victories .
After Clinton lost the Iowa caucuses , Williams was brought in to help manage the campaign .
Some campaign insiders say the move took power away from Solis Doyle .
Many on the campaign underline that family considerations also played a role in her decision .
The mother of two young children , Solis Doyle is like many in the campaign who had expected the nomination fight to have been wrapped up one way or another by Feb .
5 , Super Tuesday , and are exhausted and somewhat demoralized to think this struggle might last weeks or even months longer .
In an interview with ABC News ' Kate Snow last Summer , Solis Doyle described the difficulty of balancing her family commitments -- she has a 6 - year - old son and a 9 - year - old daughter -- and her quite demanding job .
" I wake up my kids , " she said .
" I get them washed .
I get them cleaned .
I get them fed , you know ?
I get them ready for school .
And then I begin my campaign day at 7:30 with conference call after conference call after conference call .
And then , you know , by 9 o'clock , I 'm in the office . "
Solis
Doyle said she would try to make it home for bath time , after which she would return to work online until 2 a .m .
She would get up the next morning at 6 a.m .
A graduate of Northwestern University , Solis Doyle started out as Clinton 's scheduler in Arkansas , and also served that role for her in the White House .
In 2000 , Solis Doyle earned a leadership role in Camp Clinton after being sent from the White House to New York to help steer Clinton 's senate campaign towards victory .
The child of Mexican immigrants , Solis Doyle is fiercely loyal to Clinton .
Following is the e-mail she sent the campaign at 3:44 p.m. ET :
Over a year ago Hillary launched her campaign for President .
Her announcement began a historic effort that has inspired millions and brought hundreds of thousands to their feet all across this nation .
I have been proud to manage this campaign , and prouder still to call Hillary my friend for more than sixteen years .
I know that she will make a great President .
This has already been the longest Presidential campaign in the history of our nation , and one that has required enormous sacrifices from all of us and our families .
During the last month I have been working closely with my longtime friend , Maggie Williams .
This week Maggie will begin to assume the duties of campaign manager .
I will serve as a senior adviser to Hillary and the campaign and travel with Hillary from time to time on the road .
Maggie is a remarkable person and I am confident that she will do a fabulous job .
Although I will continue to see you all at headquarters , I would be remiss if I did n't thank each of you for your dedication , excellence , and passion over the last year .
You are the best campaign staff in the history of Presidential politics and I am grateful to each of you for your hard work and friendship .
ABC News ' Z. Byron Wolf and Eloise Harper contributed to this report .
An Atheist and God
An atheist was taking a walk through the woods .
He said to himself :
What majestic trees !
What powerful rivers !
What beautiful animals ! "
As he was walking alongside the river he heard a rustling in the bushes behind him .
He turned to look .
He saw a 7 foot grizzly bear charge towards him .
He ran as fast as he could up the path .
He looked over his shoulder and saw that the bear was closing in on him .
He looked over his shoulder again , and the bear was even closer .
He tripped and fell on the ground .
He rolled over to pick himself up but saw the bear right on top of him , reaching for him with his left paw and raising his right paw to strike him .
The Atheist cried out : " Oh , my God !... "
Time stopped .
The bear froze .
The forest was silent .
As a bright light shone upon the man , a booming voice came out of the sky : " You deny my existence for all of these years , teach others I do n't exist , and even credit creation to a cosmic accident .
Do you expect me to help you out of this predicament ?
Am I to count you as a believer ? "
The atheist looked directly into the light , " It would be hypocritical of me to suddenly ask You to treat me as a Christian now , but perhaps you could make the BEAR a Christian ? "
" Very well , " said the voice .
The light went out .
The sounds of the forest resumed .
The bear dropped his right paw , brought both paws together and lifted his head toward heaven and spoke :
" Lord , bless this food , which I am about to receive from thy bounty through Christ our Lord , Amen . "
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Tuesday July 1 2008 .
In the article below we were wrong to say that a household survey conducted by the World Health Organisation and the Iraqi health ministry found that the rate of violent deaths had doubled in Iraq after the invasion .
The survey did not make this finding .
Figures that were unadjusted for under - reporting showed a doubling of the rate of all deaths and a violence - related death rate about 11 times higher .
The article said the survey estimated that 151,000 civilians had been killed since the invasion .
That figure included combatants .
The article below should have also made clear that the Lancet and Opinion Research Business surveys included combatants as well as civilians .
Lieutenant General Tommy Franks , who led the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan during his time as head of US Central Command , once announced , " We do n't do body counts . "
This blunt response to a question about civilian casualties was an attempt to distance George Bush 's wars from the disaster of Vietnam .
One of the rituals of that earlier conflict was the daily announcement of how many Vietnamese fighters US forces had killed .
It was supposed to convince a sceptical American public that victory was coming .
But the " body count " concept sounded callous - and never more so than when it emerged that many of the alleged guerrilla dead were in fact women , children and other unarmed civilians .
Iraq was going to be different .
The US would count its own dead ( now close to 4,000 ) , but the toll the war was taking on Iraqis was not a matter the Pentagon or any other US government department intended to quantify .
Especially once Bush had declared " mission accomplished " on May 1 2003 - after that , every new Iraqi who died by violence would be a signal that the president was wrong , and would show that a war conducted in the name of humanitarian intervention was exacting a mounting humanitarian toll of its own .
But even though the Americans were not counting , people were dying , and every victim had a name and a family .
Wedding parties were bombed by US planes , couples driving home at night were shot at checkpoints because they missed a flashlight warning them to stop , and hundreds of other unarmed civilians were killed for no legitimate cause .
In just the last three weeks of April 2003 , after Saddam 's statue and his regime were toppled , US forces killed at least 266 civilians - a pattern of overeager resort to fire which has continued to this day .
So five years after Bush and Tony Blair launched the invasion of Iraq against the wishes of a majority of UN members , no one knows how many Iraqis have died .
We do know that more than two million have fled abroad .
Another 1.5 million have sought safety elsewhere in Iraq .
We know that the combined horror of car bombs , suicide attacks , sectarian killing and disproportionate US counter - insurgency tactics and air strikes have produced the worst humanitarian catastrophe in today 's world .
But the exact death toll remains a mystery .
There is no shortage of estimates , but they vary enormously .
The Iraqi ministry of health initially tried to keep a count based on morgue records but then stopped releasing figures under pressure from the US - supported government in the Green Zone .
The director of the Baghdad morgue , already under stress because of the mounting horror of his work , was threatened with death on the grounds that by publishing statistics he was causing embarrassment .
The families of the bereaved wanted him to tell the truth , but like other professionals he came to the view that he had to flee Iraq .
An independent UK - based research group , calling itself the Iraq Body Count ( IBC ) , collates all fatality reports in the media where there are two or more sources as well as figures from hospitals and other official sources .
At least four household surveys have been done asking Iraqis to list the family members they have lost .
The results have then been extrapolated to Iraq 's total population to give a nationwide estimate .
The results range from just under 100,000 dead to well over a million .
Inevitably , the issue has become a political football , with the Bush administration , the British government and other supporters of the US - led occupation seizing on the lowest estimates and opponents on the highest .
Trying to cut one 's way through the statistical jungle quickly becomes a battle over methodology , and sometimes over motives .
Critics even raise the spectre of fraud , claiming survey interviewers fake the evidence by inflating the figures for political reasons .
The initiators of the Iraq Body Count , which has produced the lowest figures , were no advocates of the invasion .
John Sloboda , an Oxford - based psychologist who co-founded the group , was provoked to do so precisely because he saw no official institution willing to count the human cost of the war .
His organisation decided to use " passive surveillance " , a statistically conservative method that only deals with facts on the ground .
The IBC lists all cases where at least two media sources report an incident causing one or several deaths , keeping a careful tab of the victims ' age , gender , occupation , manner and place of death , where information is available .
In addition to providing a running total ( which now numbers just under 90,000 ) , its figures have allowed the IBC to produce some of the best data and analysis on how the Iraq war has changed over five years .
They reveal that the Americans killed four times more civilians in the first two years of the war ( thereby provoking armed resistance to the occupation ) than al - Qaida - linked insurgents did , in spite of the media 's emphasis on car bombs and suicide attacks .
They also show the explosion of criminal violence since 2003 , one byproduct of the removal of Saddam Hussein 's draconian security methods - or what Bush would call Iraq 's new " freedom " .
The World Health Organisation ( WHO ) and the Iraqi health ministry conducted a survey of 10,860 households in 2007 .
Ministry employees questioned 10 households in each of more than 1,000 clusters across Iraq 's 18 provinces , picked to give a representative sample of the country 's population .
People were asked to list any family deaths in the two years before the invasion and the first three years after .
Some 115 ( 11 % ) of the clusters , mostly in Baghdad and the mainly Sunni province of Anbar , could not be approached because of insecurity .
The organisers decided to calculate the probable number of deaths there .
The results showed that the national rate of killing between April 2003 and June 2006 averaged just over 120 a day .
This was double the number killed during Saddam 's last two years in power .
The study 's figures ignored deaths from accident , disease or suicide .
They estimated the civilian death toll in the occupation 's first three years as 151,000 .
The true figure could be anywhere between 104,000 and 230,000 allowing for misreporting , they said .
But even the lowest figure on this range is more than twice as high as the IBC 's figure of 47,000 for the occupation 's first three years .
In December 2005 , Bush gave a figure of 30,000 civilian deaths .
The WHO / Iraqi health ministry study was published in January this year in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Dr Salih Mahdi Motlab al - Hasanawi , the health minister appointed after the ministry 's ban on releasing official morgue figures , said the survey was prompted by controversy over civilian casualties .
What he had in mind was the storm aroused by two studies led by researchers from Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore and published in the prominent British medical journal , the Lancet .
In the first survey in 2004 , 990 randomly selected families in representative locations across Iraq were asked to produce the death certificates and list the names of members who died between January 1 2002 and the start of the invasion , and those who died thereafter .
Subtracting the former from the latter , this produced an " excess " rate .
This was then used to calculate the deaths in excess of normal fatality rates in Iraq 's total population .
The first survey found at least 98,000 such deaths up to October 2004 .
The second survey , in the summer of 2006 , interviewed a separate but also randomly chosen sample of 1,849 households and found an excess of 655,000 deaths up to June 2006 , of which 601,027 were said to be from violence rather than natural causes .
This amounts to 2.5 % of Iraq 's population , or more than 500 deaths a day since the invasion .
The estimates were explosive and were widely reported in the Middle East and around the world .
They met instant dismissal from the White House and Downing Street .
" I do n't consider it a credible report , " Bush told reporters .
Blair 's spokesman said the study 's result " was not one we believe to be anywhere near accurate " .
Sitting in his office in Camden in north London , where every surface is covered with wobbly piles of files , the Lancet 's editor , Richard Horton , admits that the figure " seems crazy " .
" But the second study validated the first one .
The pre-invasion mortality rate is the same in both , and the upward lines of the post - invasion rate are exactly the same " , he says .
He is particularly pleased by information unearthed last year by a Freedom of Information request by the BBC's Owen Bennett - Jones .
This found that the chief scientific adviser to the Ministry of Defence described the methods used by the second survey as " close to best practice " and added that the " study design is robust " .
The adviser warned the government to be " cautious " about criticising the survey findings .
The study in the Lancet was led by researchers at the Centre for Refugee and Disaster Response at Johns Hopkins University 's School of Public Health .
It was an epidemiological survey , one of the fundamental methods of charting disease in a population or the long - term effects of a disaster .
Like Horton , Gilbert Burnham , the centre 's co-director , recalls his initial surprise when the figures from the team of Iraqi researchers started coming out : " It was like , ' Wow .
Is this really the case ?
What is happening here ? ' "
Epidemiology is not a field for the faint - hearted .
Like most things in the realm of statistics , it is innately political , touching on matters of health policy , international disaster aid in the aftermath of a disaster and , in the case of Iraq , the consequences of war .
Leslie Roberts , a lecturer at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health , who was the driving force behind the Baltimore project , had a record of moral engagement in the horrors of war .
A high - school physics teacher who switched careers to take a degree in public health , he did mortality surveys charting genocide in Rwanda and Congo in the 1990s .
Burnham 's career route was circuitous , too .
In 1970 , while performing compulsory US military service as an army doctor in South Korea , Burnham and a team of medics began setting up village clinics .
This led him into public health issues , which would later see him surveying the human cost of war in Kosovo and elsewhere .
The two men's collaboration on Iraq began in 2004 , when most Americans still had faith in their president and his war .
Burnham was uneasy about the news coming out of Iraq , but even more , about what he did not know .
How was the population coping with the violence ?
How was Iraq 's healthcare system functioning amid the breakdown of electricity and sanitation networks ?
" There was already a concern that we really do n't know what is happening , " he says .
" There was clearly a need that had to be addressed to try to find some solid way of estimating what was happening in the conflict . "
Roberts distrusted the official estimates of the war 's toll from the outset .
" People had no clue what was going on in Iraq , " he says .
" At that point , if you had looked at the official numbers coming out from various sources - the Iraqi government , Iraq Body Count - the violence rate in Baltimore would have been far higher than in Iraq .
That is , if you believe those official numbers of 12,000 by the time our study came out , and that 's just crazy . "
The Baltimore findings ran into criticism from all sides , including the Iraq Body Count .
Sloboda wondered where the physical evidence was for the huge numbers of bodies or the vast crowds of wounded people , an estimated 800,000 , that would be expected to come to Iraq 's hospitals if violence was really producing a death toll of 655,000 .
" People may be frightened or hospitals are closed , " Horton responds .
As for the " missing bodies " , he assumes people are often buried without first being taken to morgues where they can be counted .
While the first survey chose household clusters by means of a global positioning system , the second one made a random selection of main streets within a series of areas chosen by population size .
Twelve of these clusters were in Baghdad , five in Mosul , and three each in other areas such as Basra , Diyala and Anbar .
A residential street that crossed the main street was then picked and two teams , each with two men and two women , would go to 40 households along it .
Critics writing in Science magazine pointed to " main - street bias " , since most car bombings take place on main streets or markets and people living nearby would be at greater risk than other Iraqis .
Madelyn Hicks of the the Institute of Psychiatry , King 's College London , cast doubt on the Baltimore survey because of its interviewers ' apparent haste .
The study says " one team could typically complete a cluster of 40 households in one day " .
It does not say how many hours they worked or whether the four interviewers worked individually , in small groups , or all together .
If they worked as a large group over 10 hours - a long time in Iraq 's heat and tough security conditions - this would allow only 15 minutes per household .
In the conditions that prevailed , she said , " sometimes no one answers the door while residents peek through the curtains or check first with someone else at home .
Once the door is opened , the team must be introduced and they must explain why they are there .
If invited in , further introductions are made to household members , chairs are offered and refreshment is served ...
Prospective interviewees do this not just to be polite , but for the opportunity to assess who these researchers really might be , their underlying motives , how they might choose to engage with these strangers , and what they would have to gain or lose in this engagement , " she wrote in a critique ( available at www.hicn.org).
She highlights a comment that Roberts made to the BBC , that in 2004 " it usually took a two - person team about three hours to interview a 30 - house cluster " ( an average of six minutes per house ) and that this was " about twice as long " as in 2006 .
She finds it hard to believe that conducting a serious interview on such an emotional issue could be done so rapidly .
The study said the choice of adjacent houses in a cluster was done deliberately for security reasons .
" It was felt that the benign purpose of the survey would spread quickly by word of mouth among households , thus lessening risk to interviewers , " it said .
Hicks wonders whether this created short cuts in which the interviewers did not follow ethical and scientific norms by taking time to explain the survey in a calm atmosphere and get informed consent from every head of household .
Sloboda applauds the spirit behind the Baltimore survey and some of its findings .
" It 's a valuable contribution in that it confirms trends over time , and shows a rising trend year on year , " he says .
But he shares Hicks 's doubts .
" There is a lot of debate in the research community about how these figures should be interpreted .
Several of the most important comments centre on the lack of detail in the report about the precise methodology and the protocols that were adopted by interviewers in a highly volatile and tense situation , " he says .
The most detailed criticism has appeared in a long study in the January 2008 issue of the National Journal , a right - of - centre magazine aimed at Washington policy - makers .
It raised three sets of questions : possible flaws in the study 's design and execution ; a " lack of transparency in the data which has raised suspicions of fraud " ; and political preferences held by the authors and the funders , who include George Soros 's Open Society Institute .
The National Journal described the Baltimore study 's Iraqi field director , Riyadh Lafta , as " a child - health official in Saddam Hussein 's ministry of health when the ministry was trying to end international sanctions against Iraq " .
They say he claimed high rates of child malnutrition during the sanctions period without giving data from the pre-sanctions period by which they could be measured .
They allege he and his interviewers for the Baltimore study worked " under brutal political pressure " at a time when the health ministry was under the control of Moqtada al - Sadr , the anti-occupation Shia religious leader .
They say Lafta had little supervision and has rarely appeared in public or been interviewed .
He presented his study to an off - the - record meeting of experts in Geneva last May but none of the attendees has agreed to describe his remarks .
He refused to respond to emailed questions from the National Journal .
The Baltimore study 's authors have declined to provide the interviewers ' reports and questionnaires , a non-transparency issue which also worries the IBC researchers .
Responding to the criticism that it was impossible to visit so many homes in a day , the researchers said in earlier Guardian interviews that most visits were terminated after the first question - if the household did not register any deaths .
As for the allegation that their study suffered from " main - street bias " , and that their results were skewed by car bombs which generally detonate on larger roads , the researchers argued that car bombs and other explosions account for only 13 % of deaths .
In a long reply to the National Journal recently released on their website ( www.jhsph.edu), the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health defends Lafta , saying he was one of small number of doctors who never joined Saddam 's Ba'ath party .
He has frequently worked with other international groups since 2003 and " asked that he not be contacted by the media out of concern for his safety and that of his family , a not unreasonable request in Iraq where doctors and academics are major assassination targets " .
On the alleged speed of the interviewers ' work , the Baltimore people say most houses were in walled compounds and doorstep interviews were " judged to be the best survey techniques from the point of security and cultural acceptability " .
They say the interviewers ' data with names and addresses cannot be released for fear of endangering the families .
As for the funders ' political views , they say this is irrelevant since the interviewers were not told who the funders were .
Finally , they point out that more recent data confirm their findings and even suggest a higher figure .
The British polling firm Opinion Research Business ( ORB ) asked 1,720 Iraqi adults last summer if they had lost family members by violence since 2003 ; 16 % had lost one , and 5 % two .
Using the 2005 census total of 4,050,597 households in Iraq , this suggests 1,220,580 deaths since the invasion .
Accounting for a standard margin of error , ORB says , " We believe the range is a minimum of 733,158 to a maximum of 1,446,063 . "
One expert also believes the number of civilian casualties may be higher than the Baltimore / Lancet figure .
Frederick " Skip " Burkle is a professor in the department of public health and epidemiology at Harvard University who ran Iraq 's ministry of health after the war but was sacked by the US and replaced by a Bush loyalist .
He says the survey ignored the occupation 's indirect or secondary casualties - deaths caused by the destruction of health services , unemployment and lack of electricity .
Two surveys by non-government organisations found a rise in infant mortality and malnutrition , he notes , so why are those figures not reflected in the second study that appeared in the Lancet ?
The controversy will clearly run and run , probably long after the Iraq war eventually ends .
One thing is certain , and it provides no comfort for Bush , Blair and other occupation supporters .
They continue to claim that , whatever errors may have been committed since the invasion , the judgment of history will be that the toppling of a brutal dictatorship was an unmitigated benefit .
That alone means the invasion was a blessing for the people of Iraq .
Alas for Bush and Blair , most statisticians do not support their case .
Nor can any journalist or other independent witness who has seen the pain of the bereaved still living in post- invasion Iraq or the millions who have escaped to Jordan and Syria .
Estimates of the Iraqi deaths caused by Saddam 's regime amount to a maximum of one million over a 35 - year period ( 100,000 Kurds in the Anfal campaign in the 1980s ; 400,000 in the war against Iran ; 100,000 Shias in the suppressed uprising of 1991 ; and an unknown number executed in his prisons and torture chambers ) .
Averaged over his time in power , the annual rate does not exceed 29,000 .
Only the conservatively calculated Iraq Body Count death toll credits the occupation with an average annual rate that is less than that - some 18,000 deaths in the five years so far .
Every other source , from the WHO to the surveys of Iraqi households , puts the average well above the Saddam - era figure .
Those who claim Saddam 's toppling made life safer for Iraqis have a lot of explaining to do .
247 dead : Last week 's death toll ( as counted by Iraq Body Count )
Monday March 10 - 34 dead
Including Dr Khalid Nasir , the only neurosurgeon in Basra ; sheikh Thair Ibrahim and his five - year - old niece , killed by a female suicide bomber ; 10 people killed by a suicide bomber ; and a mother and son killed by gunmen .
Tuesday March 11 - 90 dead
Including a couple kidnapped the week before ; 16 members of a family returning from a funeral , killed by a roadside bomb ; three killed in a US air strike ; and 20 people whose bodies were found in a mass grave .
Wednesday March 12 - 24 dead
Including a 10 - year - old girl killed by US forces ; five shot and beheaded at a checkpoint ; and three truck drivers killed in a roadside bomb .
Thursday March 13 - 39 dead
Including a journalist killed by gunmen ; 18 people killed by a car bomb in Baghdad ; a 15 - year - old girl shot dead by police ; and Archbishop Paulos Faraj Rahho .
Friday March 14 - 15 dead
Including ex-footballer Munther Khalaf , killed outside his home by a group of armed men ; a street sweeper killed by a roadside bomb ; an Iraqi interpreter , killed by a suicide bomber ; and the son of the chief of al - Kharaj tribes , killed during a raid by joint forces .
Saturday March 15 - 19 dead
Including Hussein Awda , killed by gunmen ; three brothers ; and an Iraqi contractor , Athir Ibrahim .
Sunday March 16 - 26 dead
Including two policemen killed in an armed assault and 16 others whose bodies were found , including that of an 11 - year - old boy .
· Jonathan Steele 's book Defeat : Why America and Britain Lost Iraq is published by IB Tauris in Britain , and Counterpoint Press in the US .
· This article was amended on Thursday March 20 2008 .
In the article above we originally said that Madelyn Hicks was affiliated to the Institute of Development Studies at Sussex University .
This was wrong ; she is in fact affiliated to the Institute of Psychiatry , King 's College London , and was so at the time of her paper 's posting .
This has been corrected .
It is no secret that George W. Bush favors loyalty over competence when it comes to filling positions in his administration .
This became painfully clear during the Hurricane Katrina disaster , when Americans learned that Bush ’s head of FEMA ( Federal Emergency Management Agency ) knew a lot more about horse shows than he did about emergency management .
Putting incompetent people into government jobs is bad enough , but Bush has taken it to a whole new level .
He seems to get some kind of perverse pleasure out of putting the worst possible people into key positions .
For example : Bush ’s nomination of John “ Mad Dog ” Bolton to be Ambassador to The United Nations .
Mr. Bolton is a pugnacious character , who not only does not believe in mission of The United Nations , but seems to be completely unfamiliar the concepts of negotiation , tact and diplomacy .
Mr. Bolton was so unsuited to be U.N. Ambassador that even a Republican - controlled Senate refused to confirm him ; so Mr. Bush appointed him while Congress was in recess ( Mr. Bolton ’s recess appointment has since expired , and he has returned to his regular job -- inciting war ) .
Now , it appears Mr. Bush has had a little fun at America ’s expense again .
Early last month , the World Health Organization released a study on reproductive health , which said “ the only effective way to reduce unwanted pregnancies and abortions is to make contraception widely available . ”
Five days later , Mr. Bush named Susan Orr as acting Deputy Assistant Secretary for population affairs in the Department of Health and Human Services .
In this position , Ms. Orr has “ extensive power to shape the kinds of information disseminated to millions of women , ” and will be able to “ develop new guidelines for clinics , set priorities , and determine how scarce dollars get spent . ”
( Slate , 11/21/06 )
The joke is that Ms. Orr is vehemently opposed to birth control .
· “ [ Birth Control is ] not about choice .
It ’s not about health care .
It ’s about making everyone collaborators with the culture of death . ”
( Susan Orr in 2000 , quoted by CBS News , 10/18/07
In 2001 , Ms. Orr supported a Bush administration proposal to stop federal employees ’ health insurance plans from having to cover a wide range of birth control methods , declaring “ Fertility is not a disease . ” ( The Washington Post , 10/16/07 ) .
The only good news about this appointment is that it does not require Senate confirmation , so we wo n’t have to watch the Democrats cower and cave in to the Bush Administration again .
******
In September , George W. Bush signed a measure , which increased the U.S. debt limit ceiling from $ 8.965 trillion to $ 9.815 trillion .
· “ … Congressional lawmakers said the $ 850 billion increase should be large enough to allow the government to continue borrowing into 2009 , well beyond next year 's presidential and congressional elections . ” -- Reuters , 11/7/09
When Mr. Bush was appointed President in 2001 , the National Debt was $ 5.6 trillion .
Since then , the debt limit has been raised five times , so ( our ? ) government can continue to borrow more and more money .
Now , the Treasury Department has announced that the National Debt has reached a new record high , topping $ 9 trillion for the first time .
I know Vice President Dick Cheney has proclaimed that “ Deficits do n’t matter , ” but does anyone see a problem with having to borrow $ 2 billion a day to keep the government running ?
******
A team of World Champion Bridge players are facing serious sanctions because one of them dared to hold up a handwritten sign that said “ We did not vote for Bush ” during an awards ceremony in Shanghai , China last month .
( Quotes are taken from The New York Times , 11/14/07 )
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Promises of Hollywood fame and fortune persuaded a young hacker to betray former associates in the BitTorrent scene to Tinseltown 's anti-piracy lobby , according to the hacker .
In an exclusive interview with Wired News , gun -for - hire hacker Robert Anderson tells for the first time how the Motion Picture Association of America promised him money and power if he provided confidential information on TorrentSpy , a popular BitTorrent search site .
According to Anderson , the MPAA told him : " We would need somebody like you .
We would give you a nice paying job , a house , a car , anything you needed .... if you save Hollywood for us you can become rich and powerful . "
In 2005 , the MPAA paid Anderson $ 15,000 for inside information about TorrentSpy – information at the heart of a copyright - infringement lawsuit brought by the MPAA against TorrentSpy of Los Angeles .
The material is also the subject of a wiretapping countersuit against the MPAA brought by TorrentSpy 's founder , Justin Bunnell , who alleges the information was obtained illegally .
The MPAA does not dispute it paid Anderson for the sensitive information , but insists that it had no idea that Anderson stole the data .
" The MPAA obtains information from third parties only if it believes the evidence has been collected legally , " says MPAA spokeswoman Elizabeth Kaltman .
The MPAA 's use of Anderson is one of a series of controversies the movie industry is confronting in its zero - tolerance war on piracy .
MediaDefender , a California company that tracks and disrupts file sharing of movies and music , was reported to Swedish authorities last month by The Pirate Bay , after an internet leak revealed the extent to which MediaDefender pollutes file - sharing services with fake , decoy content .
And an executive at a national theater chain successfully pressed New Jersey authorities in August to prosecute a teenager for filming 20 seconds of a movie at a theater to show to her little brother later .
Anderson 's account shows that the content industry may be willing to go to significant – and some say ethically questionable – lengths in its war against online piracy , and that it is determined to keep its methods secret .
" It was an understanding , " Anderson says of the deal , " that it was hush - hush . "
Anderson 's brief Hollywood career began in the spring of 2005 , after a online advertising venture with TorrentSpy founder Bunnell turned sour .
Looking to profit in other ways , Anderson approached the MPAA with an e-mail offering to help the movie studios ' lobbying arm beat piracy , which the industry says costs it billions in lost sales each year .
Among other things , Anderson proposed to implement an anti-piracy marketing campaign for the MPAA .
But he says he also offered to provide inside information on TorrentSpy , which , along with The Pirate Bay , is among the most popular BitTorrent destinations for downloaders looking for free movies and music .
" It was an opportunity to make money , because I knew how these networks operated , " he says .
On June 8 , 2005 , within weeks of sending his unsolicited e-mail , Anderson says he was put in touch with the MPAA 's Dean Garfield , then the organization 's legal director .
Anderson says he told Garfield that he had " an informant that can intercept any e-mail communication . "
Anderson did n't tell Garfield he was the " informant , " and that he 'd already hacked into TorrentSpy 's systems .
The hacker , then 23 and living in Vancouver , British Columbia , claims he had cracked TorrentSpy 's servers by simply guessing an administrative password .
He knew the password was weak – a combination of a name and some numbers .
" I just kept changing the numbers until it fit , " he says .
" I guess you can call it luck .
It took a little more than 30 tries . "
Once inside , he programmed TorrentSpy 's mail system to relay e-mail to a newly created external account he could access .
There 's a trace of pride in his voice as he details the hack .
" The e-mails were n't forwarded using the mail command .
They were sent actually before it reached anyone 's mailbox , " he says .
" So it was more like interception before delivery .
I could even stop certain mail from reaching their box . "
In this manner , Anderson says , he sucked down about three dozen pages of e-mails detailing banking , advertising and other confidential information .
" Everything they were talking about was sent to my Gmail , " he says .
" Everything they sent , anything sent to them , I got : invoices ; in one case they sent passwords . "
Among the purloined files was the source code for TorrentSpy 's backend software , says Anderson .
Anderson alleges this interested the MPAA , which he says wanted to set up a fake BitTorrent site of its own .
According to Anderson , the MPAA said , " We 'll set up a fake Torrent site .
We 'll contact the other Torrent sites .
We 'll get their names , address books , contact information and banking information .... ( They ) wanted to run this as a shadow portion of the MPAA . "
MPAA spokeswoman Kaltman says the MPAA had no such plans , and says the accusation that the MPAA wanted to set up a phony Torrent site is " patently false . "
On June 30 , 2005 , after Anderson collected the data , Garfield sent Anderson a contract to sign .
The contract , seen by Wired News , says the information the MPAA was seeking would " include , but is not limited to , the names , addresses , and phone numbers of the owners of TorrentSpy.com . "
The contract also requested information on The Pirate Bay , and called for Anderson to look for " evidence concerning and correspondence between these entities . "
The contract prohibited both parties from disclosing " the existence of this agreement to anyone , " and said the MPAA would pay $ 15,000 for services to Anderson 's business , Vaga Ventures .
Finally , the contract dictated that the confidential data would be obtained " through legal means . "
But according to documents filed in support of TorrentSpy 's wiretapping countersuit : " Dean Garfield expressly told the informant ( Anderson ) , on behalf of the MPAA , regarding the information that he requested , ' We do n't care how you get it . ' "
It continues : " ( T ) he MPAA knew , or had reason to know , that such information was obtained from plaintiffs unlawfully and without authorization . "
The details of Anderson 's conversations with Garfield could not be independently verified , and Garfield – now the MPAA 's executive vice president and chief strategic officer – did not respond to repeated requests for comment .
But MPAA spokeswoman Kaltman says the organization 's contract with Anderson clearly required any information to be obtained lawfully .
Anderson says he signed the secret pact , and immediately sent in what he says was stolen information .
But once Anderson turned over the data and cashed the MPAA 's check , he quickly realized that Garfield had no further use for him .
" He lost interest in me , " he says .
Anderson felt abandoned : During negotiations with Garfield , the hacker had become convinced he was starting a long - term , lucrative relationship with the motion picture industry .
" He was stringing me along personally . "
Hollywood 's cold shoulder put Anderson 's allegiance back up for grabs , and about a year later he came clean with TorrentSpy 's Bunnell in an online chat .
" ' I sold you out to the MPAA , ' " Anderson says he told Bunnell .
" I felt guilty ( for ) what happened and I kinda also thought at that point the MPAA was n't going to do anything . "
" He was kinda blown away , " recalls Anderson .
Bunnell declined to comment for this story .
The MPAA sued Bunnell and TorrentSpy shortly after Anderson 's chat .
Bunnell then countersued the MPAA under the federal Wiretap Act.
Bunnell alleged that Anderson 's e-mail surveillance amounted to wiretapping under the law , and that the MPAA was exposed to vicarious liability for the crime .
As Bunnell 's star witness , Anderson was not sued " because he took steps to advise us of his wrongdoing and to cooperate .
We 've made a decision to go after the bigger wrongdoing , the MPAA , " says Bunnell 's attorney , Ira Rothken .
But U.S. District Judge Florence - Marie Cooper in Los Angeles dismissed Bunnell 's lawsuit Aug. 21 on the grounds that Anderson 's intrusion did not violate the federal wiretapping statute .
Attorney Rothken says he did not sue under the federal computer - hacking law , because it does n't allow for vicarious liability .
Last week Rothken filed a notice of his intent to appeal Cooper 's decision to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
For now , the court 's decision has put the brakes on Bunnell 's lawsuit against the MPAA , and freed the movie industry to use the purloined e-mail in its lawsuit against TorrentSpy for alleged copyright infringement .
That suit is ongoing and contentious .
Cooper ruled last May that TorrentSpy must begin saving the internet addresses and download activity of its U.S. - based users , and turning over the information to the MPAA in pretrial discovery .
In response , TorrentSpy began blocking U.S. users , and made changes on its site to protect user privacy – drawing a fresh burst of outrage in legal filings by MPAA lawyers earlier this month .
The MPAA 's Kaltman says the court 's decision to throw out Bunnell 's lawsuit against the MPAA left no doubt that Garfield 's relationship with Anderson was aboveboard .
Kaltman points out that the court took note of the contract language between the MPAA and Anderson that represented any data from Anderson as being lawfully obtained .
But Paul Ohm , a University of Colorado Law School scholar specializing in computer crime , is skeptical .
" It 's hard to say with a straight face that you can obtain that legally , " said Ohm .
" Ethical red bells should have been going off . "
In my newsletter last week , I criticized “ National Treasure : Book of Secrets ” -- or rather , its ads .
I pointed out that the trailers for this movie were teeming with scenes , lines of dialogue and shots that were not , in fact , in the movie .
This week , I want to share some of the reader feedback .
I realize that I ’m straying from my usual technology focus , but this business of movie trailers turns out to be a hot topic .
Besides , today ’s installment has a surprise ending that ’s too good to withhold .
Anyway , lots of you agreed with me :
* “ Putting scenes in the trailer that are n’t in the movie crosses a big line with me . ”
* “ When was the last time you bought a book and found that the extract on Amazon is n’t in the book ?
And when was the last time you bought a CD and found that the pre-released single is n’t on it ?
Never ?
So why are film studios allowed to do it ? ”
But more of you had other gripes with movie trailers :
* " What should make us all angry is trailers that give away important plot points .
I ’ve taken to calling going to films ‘ trailer confirmation . ’
1984 is a story about dictators who are in complete control of a large part of the world after the Allies lost in World War II .
The government in this novel gives no freedoms to its citizens .
They live in fear because they are afraid of having bad thoughts about the government of Oceania , a crime punishable by death .
Winston the main character , is an ordinary man of 39 who is disgusted with the world he lives in .
He works in the Ministry of Truth , a place where history and the truth is rewritten to fit the party 's beliefs .
The facts -- significant and insignificant are rewritten , they thoroughly destroy the records of the past , and they print up new , up to - date editions of old newspapers and books
Their goal is to make people forget everything - facts , words , dead people , the names of places .
People guilty of crimes ( free thought ) are erased from having ever existed .
The Ministry of Truth allowed the controling powers to have control over its citizens using memory erasing techniques ( ccognitive psychology ) .
Winston is aware of the untruths , because he makes them true .
This makes him very upset with the government of Oceania , where Big Brother , a larger than life figure , controls the people .
Big Brother is the figurehead of a government that has total control .
The Big Brother regime uses propaganda and puts fear in its citizens to keep the general population in line .
Big Brother has a army of informers called thought police , who watch every citizen at all times for the least signs of thought that the goverment would not agree with ( a thought crime ) .
His dissatisfaction increases to a point where he rebels against the government in small ways .
Winston 's first act of rebellion is buying and writing in a diary .
This act is known as a thought crime and is punishable by death .
Winston starts writing in a diary so he can difereniate between what has actually occured and what he is being programmed to believe .
The other reason for the diary is so that people in the future will be able to read what really went on during Winston 's time .
Winston commits many thought crimes and becomes paranoid about being caught .
Meanwhile he notices a young woman paying him a great deal of attention , she is actively involved in many community groups and he feared that she had something to do with the thought police .
Updated , 3:05 p.m. Scroll to bottom .
For his preference for saber - rattling in open - neck shirts and ill - fitting suits , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran is the unlikely world leader who draws a wide range of critics — from The White House to the fashion pages of newspapers .
So it was with Iran ’s firing of a rocket to inaugurate its space program today , which was decried as “ unfortunate ” by Dana Perino , the White House press secretary .
But so far , there has been no comment on the 3 - D glasses that Mr. Ahmadinejad donned during a visit to the new space center , in the desert of western Iran .
Mr. Ahmadinejad declared that Iran had “ joined the world ’s top 11 countries possessing space technology to build satellites , and launch rockets into space , ” and asserted that the rocket had reached space .
But there was widespread skepticism .
Wired noted that a similar rocket failed to ascend to orbital altitude , and The Associated Press served up a reminder that the country ’s technological achievements have been greatly overstated in the past .
Is Iran ’s leader seeing his space program through rose - colored glasses ?
While the experts work that one out , the photograph above proves that he most certainly was for a moment today — with one eye , anyway .
Update : John Schwartz , who covers space for The Times , sent some more information about how NASA uses 3 - D glasses via E-mail :
UCLA stem cell scientists have reprogrammed human skin cells into cells with the same unlimited properties as embryonic stem cells without using embryos or eggs .
Led by scientists Kathrin Plath and William Lowry , UCLA researchers used genetic alteration to turn back the clock on human skin cells and create cells that are nearly identical to human embryonic stem cells , which have the ability to become every cell type found in the human body .
Four regulator genes were used to create the cells , called induced pluripotent stem cells or iPS cells .
The UCLA study confirms the work first reported in late November of researcher Shinya Yamanaka at Kyoto University and James Thompson at the University of Wisconsin .
The UCLA research appears Feb. 11 , 2008 , in an early online edition of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of the Sciences .
The implications for disease treatment could be significant .
Reprogramming adult stem cells into embryonic stem cells could generate a potentially limitless source of immune - compatible cells for tissue engineering and transplantation medicine .
A patient ’s skin cells , for example , could be reprogrammed into embryonic stem cells .
Those embryonic stem cells could then be prodded into becoming various cells types – beta islet cells to treat diabetes , hematopoetic cells to create a new blood supply for a leukemia patient , motor neuron cells to treat Parkinson ’s disease .
“ Our reprogrammed human skin cells were virtually indistinguishable from human embryonic stem cells , ” said Plath , an assistant professor of biological chemistry , a researcher with the Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research and lead author of the study .
“ Our findings are an important step towards manipulating differentiated human cells to generate an unlimited supply of patient specific pluripotent stem cells .
We are very excited about the potential implications . ”
The UCLA work was completed at about the same time the Yamanaka and Thomson reports were published .
Taken together , the studies demonstrate that human iPS cells can be easily created by different laboratories and are likely to mark a milestone in stem cell - based regenerative medicine , Plath said .
These new techniques to develop stem cells could potentially replace a controversial method used to reprogram cells , somatic cell nuclear transfer ( SCNT ) , sometimes referred to as therapeutic cloning .
To date , therapeutic cloning has not been successful in humans .
However , top stem cell scientists worldwide stress that further research comparing these reprogrammed cells with stem cells derived from embryos , considered the gold standard , is necessary .
Additionally , many technical problems , such as the use of viruses to deliver the four genes for reprogramming , need to be overcome to produce safe iPS cells that can be used in the clinic .
“ Reprogramming normal human cells into cells with identical properties to those in embryonic stem cells without SCNT may have important therapeutic ramifications and provide us with another valuable method to develop human stem cell lines , ” said Lowry , an assistant professor of molecular , cell and developmental biology , a Broad Stem Cell Center researcher and first author of the study .
“ It is important to remember that our research does not eliminate the need for embryo - based human embryonic stem cell research , but rather provides another avenue of worthwhile investigation . ”
The combination of four genes used to reprogram the skin cells regulate expression of downstream genes and either activate or silence their expression .
The reprogrammed cells were not just functionally identical to embryonic stem cells .
They also had identical biological structure , expressed the same genes and could be coaxed into giving rise to the same cell types as human embryonic stem cells .
The UCLA research team included four young scientists recruited to UCLA ’s new stem cell center in the wake of the passage of Proposition 71 in 2004 , which created $ 3 billion in funding for embryonic stem cell research .
The scientists were drawn to UCLA in part because of California ’s stem cell research friendly atmosphere and the funding opportunities created by Proposition 71 .
In addition to Plath and Lowry , the team included Amander Clarke , an assistant professor of molecular , cell and developmental biology , and April Pyle , an assistant professor of microbiology , immunology and molecular genetics .
The creation of the human iPS cells is an extension of Plath ’s work on mouse stem cell reprogramming .
Plath headed up one of three research teams that were able to successfully reprogram mouse skin cells into mouse embryonic stem cells .
That work appeared in the inaugural June 2007 issue of the journal Cell Stem Cell .
Source : University of California - Los Angeles
Explore further Stem cells can repair Parkinson 's - damaged circuits in mouse brains
Meanwhile the covert operators create their own man : Ron Fisk , a political newcomer .
“ They picked Fisk because he was just old enough to cross their low threshold of legal experience , but still young enough to have ambitions , ” the book explains .
Fisk is also new enough to be wowed by perks like private jets , which allow him to make so many more campaign stops than his rivals can , and by all the new attention lavished on him by his backers .
He barely has time to wonder why they find him so appealing or where all those campaign funds are coming from .
“ The Appeal ” is clever enough to throw in a rogue third candidate , a clownishly unelectable figure who can draw publicity away from Sheila McCarthy .
It also gives her liabilities like a sex life , provides her with an unhelpful zealot as a campaign adviser and underscores the terrible malleability of the voting public .
According to a survey cited here , 69 percent of Mississippi ’s electorate has no idea that the state ’s Supreme Court justices run for office .
And this book has a keen ear for the baloney of biased rhetoric , particularly when it comes from the right .
( Mr. Grisham makes no secret of his own political position .
He has publicly supported the presidential campaign of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton . )
“ Are you aware that Justice Sheila McCarthy is considered the most liberal member of the Mississippi Supreme Court ? ” a poll inquires .
And once the gratuitous issue of gay marriage has been intentionally shoehorned into the campaign , the voice - over on a television ad can be heard asking , “ Will liberal judges destroy our families ? ”
While the election looms , Krane trots out the phrase “ junk science ” when it appeals the verdict and attacks the expert testimony of a toxicologist , geologist and pathologist , among others who affirmed the effects of Krane ’s toxic pollutant .
And Ron Fisk , who finds himself giving many of his stump speeches from pulpits , learns to fine - tune his emphases on religion and family values .
The extent to which he rails against sin depends on how close he is to the lucrative casinos of the Mississippi Gulf Coast .
“ I must say that there is a lot of truth in this story , ” Mr. Grisham points out in his author ’s note .
That point is already unmistakable in his book ’s gallingly apt examples and its irrefutable tone .
Only when he contrasts the difference between the cynical , venal , jaded rich and their noble , self - sacrificing victims does he court sloppiness and caricature .
While the book notes that Wes Payton had to budget for each cup of coffee “ and was always looking for quarters , ” it presents Carl Trudeau , both stereotypically and ungrammatically , as “ a hothead with a massive ego who hated to lose . ”
WASHINGTON 
The failure to file the proper form to complain about job - related age discrimination does not deprive an employee of the ability to go into court later with a discrimination lawsuit , the Supreme Court ruled Wednesday .
In its relaxed approach to formalities , the 7 - to - 2 decision marked a decided change in tone for the Roberts court compared with one of the signature decisions of the previous term .
In the earlier case , Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company , the court ruled by a vote of 5 to 4 that employees complaining about discrimination in pay forfeited their right to sue if they did not file a formal complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission within 180 days of a manager ’s discriminatory pay decision .
On Wednesday , by contrast , the new majority stressed the need for a “ permissive standard ” that would not shut the door on workers who were not represented by lawyers and who could be expected to make a layman ’s mistakes .
“ The system must be accessible to individuals who have no detailed knowledge of the relevant statutory mechanisms and agency processes , ” Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the majority , adding that it was “ consistent with the purposes ” of the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act to allow the initial complaint to be submitted on a form that was “ easy to complete , ” or even as “ an informal document , easy to draft . ”
By Wright Thompson
ESPN.com
GREENHILL , Ala . --
Every night , Nicole Conley tells her daughter a bedtime story about Matthew .
Catherine 's 2 years old now , and she gets scared before she goes to sleep .
Not long ago , after Nicole had told that night 's story , Catherine started to cry .
Nicole asked what was the matter .
" I want Daddy ! "
" Sweetie , it 's time to go to sleep . "
" No , Mommy , no !
I want more Daddy ! "
Now Nicole was crying , too .
" You want me to tell you another story about Daddy ? "
Catherine said yes .
Which one should she tell ?
Maybe the one about Matthew running into the fire extinguisher on spring break or him freaking out about horseradish sauce on a steak .
Should she tell about the skinny high school quarterback or about the muscled Marine ?
It could be just a snapshot .
Their first Valentine 's Day , as she watched a nervous Matthew Conley walk past the big bay windows toward the front door , carrying two orange roses .
Nicole loves orange .
Or the time Matthew covered their home in rose petals for her birthday , and cooked her chicken parm .
Sometimes she laughs when she tells a story .
Sometimes she cries .
But night after night , she talks in a voice soft and sweet , telling a little girl about the daddy she never met .
TWO AMERICAN KIDS ...
Nicole tells Catherine about a boy who grew up without much but appreciated everything .
Matthew 's parents did n't make a lot of money .
Tommy and Debbie Conley still live in a double - wide trailer across the county road from Debbie 's parents .
But they loved their children , and the whole family was happy .
Nicole , who 's 24 now , living in a gated community up the road in Killen , grew up with pretty much everything .
But what might have been an abyss was never a problem .
Instead , she learned something about happiness from watching Matthew .
Nobody got more excited about his grandmother frying him a big pile of bacon .
" It was just so adorable , " she says .
" He said his favorite thing about Christmas was going over to his grandmother 's on Christmas morning and having breakfast .
He just appreciated every little bitty thing he ever got . "
Nicole tells Catherine about the Rogers High School quarterback who liked hitting opponents more than he liked throwing the ball .
Matthew 's highlight tape is filled with the 5 - foot - 10 kid in the No. 7 jersey laying people out , often away from the play , sometimes after the whistle , sometimes from behind .
Did n't really matter .
He 'd come back to the huddle laughing .
" Matt had more clipping penalties than any lineman on the team , " says his best friend and former teammate , Joseph Thigpen .
Brothers
In Arms Eric Neel tells Homuth 's story Like Matthew Conley , Jeremiah Homuth was a high school quarterback who enlisted in the armed services .
Homuth returned from Afghanistan forever changed .
But when Matthew got serious , people paid attention .
Before his senior year , the new coach , Dan Beavers , moved Matthew to quarterback .
Rogers had won only two games the past three seasons .
Beavers needed a leader , someone the other guys would follow .
And they did .
Once , Matthew played with an ankle so swollen his shoe barely fit .
Another time , playing sick , he got so dehydrated he needed an ambulance after the game .
But he never said a word , scared he would be taken out .
Matthew finished that season with more than 1,000 yards passing and a bunch of touchdowns .
The Pirates ' record was 5 - 5 , and the stage had been set for future teams to compete for state titles .
After the last game in the fall of 2001 , the players all got back on the bus for the ride back to Greenhill .
It was over .
They all cried .
Years later , people have n't forgotten .
" You remember any time we see a kid show the type of determination that Matt did , " says principal Tim Tubbs , whose son is now the quarterback .
" People will say , ' Does n't that remind you of Matt Conley ? ' "
Nicole tells Catherine about the disagreements , the scuffles , the ... aw , heck , let 's be honest : Matt Conley liked to fight .
And he was scared of nothing .
But after the laughter dies down , a common thread emerges .
He stood up for people .
In the stands at a high school basketball game -- during the game -- a bully pushed Matt 's friend , and Matt cold - cocked the guy .
" They stopped the game , " Thigpen says .
" Coaches are running up in the stands .
The whole stands are watching .
Dude 's head is swelling up . "
Another time , when Matt was home from the Marines , a big ol ' guy tried to pick a fight with Thigpen .
Matt stepped in and started screaming at the guy , pushing him into a corner .
The man , older and bigger , looked ready to cry .
" If you ain't ever been cussed out by Matt Conley , " Thigpen says , " you ai n't ever been cussed out . "
Nicole tells Catherine about Matthew enlisting .
It came out of the blue .
She was at home watching the movie " Ali " with her sister .
The phone rang .
It was Matthew .
" Hey , " he told Nicole .
" I think I 'm gonna join the Marine Corps . "
She sat up .
They 'd just toured Alabama - Birmingham together , talking about college , about going to the same place .
Matthew had graduated with honors from Rogers in 2002 .
" Why ? "
His parents did n't have the money for college , Matthew said , and he did n't want to be burdened by loans .
" I never figured out what on earth possessed that boy to walk into the recruiter 's office , " she says now .
His parents tell of his urge to serve .
That was certainly true .
The terrorist attacks in New York disturbed him , his friends remember .
Coach Beavers , who served in the Army , talked enlisting over with his star quarterback .
" He thought it would be a good way to get college paid for , " Beavers says .
Nicole tells Catherine about Mommy and Daddy 's last phone call .
She was eight months pregnant .
It was the day before Valentine 's Day in 2006 .
When she answered , Matthew , a few weeks away from his 22nd birthday , was laughing .
" They keep making fun of me because I 'm old , " he said .
" The only person who is older than me is Lt. Fitzgerald . "
" I 'm so sorry , " she said , laughing , too .
" How old is he ? "
" Twenty - three . "
In the background , she could hear the hum of young Marines crowded around the phone , egging him on , singing .
Another soldier came on .
Matthew finally got the phone back .
" Who was that ? " she asked .
" Fitz , " he said .
" You tell him your wife said I think he has a very sexy voice , " she said .
Matthew cracked up .
" Hey , Fitz , my wife thinks you 're sexy . "
Fitz made a joke about how fat she 'd been getting , and everyone laughed some more .
Five days later , Cpl. Matthew D. Conley and 2nd Lt. Almar L. Fitzgerald were mortally wounded when an improvised explosive device activated from a nearby building blew up their Humvee .
Fitzgerald died a few days later in a military hospital .
Matthew died instantly .
He had gotten out of the truck to go check on fellow Marines who'd been attacked .
His last act on earth had been to try to help his friends .
He only had 16 days left in Iraq .
COMING HOME
Someday , Nicole will tell Catherine about the night two Marines and a Navy chaplain came to Tommy and Debbie 's trailer .
It was 4:30 in the morning , and it was freezing outside .
Tommy was snoring on the couch a few feet from the door , and the knocking startled him .
Debbie heard it from the bedroom .
They opened the door together , squinting into the glare of a strange vehicle 's headlights .
That 's when they saw the uniforms .
" They 're here to tell us Matthew 's dead , " Debbie blurted .
Tommy did n't believe it .
Not his little boy .
Not the one he'd taken to see Hulk Hogan and coached in Little League .
Please , God , not Matthew .
" Are you sure ? " he asked .
" Is your son Matthew D. Conley ? "
Tommy said yes .
The Marine said he was sure .
He had Matthew 's dog tags .
Tommy and Debbie stumbled across the street to tell Granny and Pawpaw .
Then they had to go tell Nicole , who 'd slept at her parents ' house that night because of the icy roads .
The Marines and the chaplain had tried her apartment in town first .
Tommy and Debbie led the way , the Marines following , driving down Highway 43 , the road Matthew used to drive to pick up Nicole for dates .
In a few months , the road was renamed after him , from the McDonald 's all the way to the Tennessee line .
By the time they arrived at the security gate , the sun had begun to inch up .
Tommy was so shook up he could n't work the code , so they called Nicole 's father , Dewayne .
The ringing phone woke Nicole .
" Is that Matt ? " she wondered .
She fell back asleep .
It rang again .
And again .
She heard her dad answer .
She got up , slid on her jeans , then slipped back into bed and waited .
For a few more minutes , everything was the way it had always been .
When Tommy heard Dewayne 's voice , he said , simply , " Matthew has been killed . "
There was silence .
Finally , Dewayne spoke : " I 'll be right there . "
He met Tommy at the gate and led everyone back to the house .
Then he opened the door to his little girl 's bedroom .
He was shaking .
He told her to come downstairs .
When she walked across the balcony , overlooking the living room , she saw the two Marines and the Navy chaplain .
" It was like my last mile , " she says , " like I was about to be executed . "
Everything was a rush of condolences , and Tommy crying and hugging her , and Debbie crying and hugging her , and signing forms and military words like " lost appendage . "
The Marines finally left .
Tommy and Debbie left , totally crushed .
Nicole 's mom told her she needed to shower .
People would be over soon .
Nicole , almost nine months pregnant , turned on the water , slumped down on the floor of the shower and cried , her heart breaking for Matthew , for herself , and for her unborn child -- their unborn child -- who 'd always be the little girl whose daddy got killed in Iraq .
Nicole tells Catherine about the Friday evening when Cpl. Matthew D. Conley came home for the last time .
He was due in on a commercial flight to the Huntsville airport , about an hour and 15 minutes from Greenhill .
That 's how the bodies of dead Marines are returned to their families -- alongside the luggage of unsuspecting travelers .
Someone donated limousines for the family .
The sheriff met them at the funeral home .
He led them on the long drive across the state of Alabama , lights flashing .
Something amazing happened along the way .
At every county line , other sheriff 's deputies waited in their cars , ready to escort the Conleys , blue lights on , all traffic stopped .
Nothing was interfering with their awful journey that night , from Lauderdale County to Lawrence County , then on to Limestone and , finally , Madison .
All along the way , people lined the roadside , waving American flags .
When the sun went down , they shined flashlights on the stars and stripes , so that the only things the Conleys saw blazing across northern Alabama were small circles of light with flags inside .
When they reached I - 65 , Alabama state troopers blocked off the interstate , clearing the way .
Marines loaded the casket into the hearse and then the procession turned around .
It was time for Matthew to come home to Greenhill .
Nicole tells Catherine about the funeral , 16 miles of cars stretched from the Rogers High gym , the same one where Matthew once hit that dude for messing with his friend , to the cemetery .
Small American flags lined the median , thousands of them , and people stood and saluted as the caravan inched toward town .
At graveside , the Marines honored Matthew Conley with a 21 - gun salute .
A young man played taps .
Doves were released and climbed skyward , circling once over the cemetery , then disappearing from sight .
A HOLE IN THE UNIVERSE
Nicole tells Catherine about the box that got returned .
Just before Matthew died , Debbie shipped him a care package , filled with basics such as underwear and socks , snacks he liked and a pillow his younger sister Allison made him .
The box arrived in Iraq after Matthew died .
There was no one to deliver it to , so not long after the funeral , the box made the long journey back from Iraq , ending up in a U.S. Postal Service warehouse , then Alabama , then the truck of the mailman who delivered to County Road 33 .
The postman knew what it was the moment he saw it .
When Debbie was n't home , he did n't leave the box on her doorstep for her to find .
That seemed too cold .
Instead he drove it to Granny 's house , so the awful reminder could be handed over by a loved one .
On it , he attached a note : " I 'm sorry . "
Nicole tells Catherine about the things returned to her , too .
Some of them were just small reminders of a man who no longer existed : underwear with his name stamped on the back , T - shirts , Lynyrd Skynyrd CDs .
But there were other things .
A book called " The Expectant Father . "
( Boring as all get out , he told his soldier buddies , but it would help him be a good daddy . )
An application for the Florence Police Department and an application , filled out , for the University of North Alabama .
Matthew had been planning their future .
About 65 pictures , which she had to count and sign for .
First , she 's skinny .
Then big .
Then bigger .
Then there 's an ultrasound of their baby .
Then the Marine who'd brought Matthew 's belongings to her said , " One journal . "
" I 'm like , ' He kept a journal ? ' " she says .
" You open it up and start reading .
It says , ' We got in a firefight today . '
He told me he never shot his gun . "
Nicole tells Catherine about Nov. 6 , 2005 , when her daddy wrote in his journal , " Talked to Nicole yesterday .
She said she felt the baby kick and man that just made me so excited , but at the same time , kind of sad .
I was excited because , crap , it 's awesome to know that the baby is in there kicking around and moving a bit .
Sad because I wish I were there to feel it and enjoy it with her .
This whole being gone during her pregnancy , or ' prego ' as she calls it , bothers me so bad .
I feel like I have let her down .
I just hope she does n't feel that way . "
And 22 days later .
It was Monday in Iraq , but it was Sunday night back in Greenhill :
" I did learn on the 17th of Nov that we were going to be having a little girl so that was awesome .
It is really cool to actually know what we are going to have .
It honestly helps me a lot , because if I get killed over here at least I know that I left a piece of me with Nicole and hopefully that will help her out . "
Nicole tells Catherine about Daddy 's unit coming home .
Tommy and Debbie flew out to Twentynine Palms , Calif. , to greet the troops .
That morning , everything felt wrong .
We should n't have come here , I do n't think I can do this , Debbie thought .
The buses pulled up , and hundreds of soldiers began searching for their families .
All around , people hugged their sons and daughters , their husbands and wives .
Debbie could n't help herself .
Why ?
Why did they get their son back and we did n't ?
It seemed so unfair .
Then she saw the boys from the pictures .
Matthew 's unit .
The weary Marines surrounded Tommy and Debbie , and recited the prayer Matthew had prayed before every mission .
St. Michael the Archangel
Defend us in our day of battle ;
Protect us against the deceit and wickedness of the devil .
May God rebuke him , we humbly pray .
And you , O prince of the heavenly host ,
By the power of God ,
Banish into hell Satan and all the evil spirits
Who roam through the world seeking the ruin of Souls .
Amen .
Nicole tells Catherine about the hole left in Greenhill .
People did n't know what to do .
Tommy and Debbie look a decade older , at least .
Tommy does n't like to go on the front porch alone .
Debbie does n't like to go to yard sales on the weekend anymore .
" Tommy and Debbie have aged exponentially , " Nicole says .
" Fifteen years in the past two years .
To see Tommy two years ago and to see him now ...
Tommy , especially , I do n't think he 's doing that good .
Everything 's always focused on me and Debbie .
Nobody 's the same .
Nobody 's really the same . "
Once , Thigpen says , Tommy approached him and let down his guard .
" I 'm trying to be strong , " Tommy said , " but I need help . "
Friends struggled , too .
For six months after the funeral , Michael Noe , Matthew 's first cousin and one of his best friends , spent eight or so hours a day at the cemetery .
He 'd sleep out there , waking up in the freezing cold .
Once , Tommy found Michael there in his car and knocked on the window .
People worried about him , but he did n't care .
He talked to Matthew as if he was still alive , asking what he should do , how he should look after Catherine .
He wrote Matthew a letter , leaving it by the grave .
" I regret every day I missed your last call , " he wrote .
" I 'm writing this because I never even wrote my best friend while you were in Iraq and I 'm sorry .
I hate myself for that . "
About half a year after Matthew was buried , while he was sitting at the grave on an overcast day , a beam of sunlight hit Michael .
It startled him , and he took a picture with his phone .
An old lady approached .
He 'd seen her there before .
She spoke sweetly , like she knew him .
" Honey , " she said , " I 've noticed you every time I 'm here . "
He told her the story .
She told him hers , about losing three family members , all in about seven months .
" You being here every day does n't make it easier , " she said .
After that , he did n't need to go as much .
He wonders if she was an angel .
Nicole tells Catherine about the last night of this past February , right in the middle of all these awful anniversaries , when Tommy and Debbie stopped at the cemetery after Friday night dinner .
They wound their car -- Matthew 's old Jeep -- up toward the top of the hill .
Their feet squished on the grass ; it had just rained .
Tommy talked about all the projects he has been organizing to honor Matthew out here : flags and granite walls and a tree they planted , upon which hangs a photo of Matthew and Nicole .
Their faces have already faded from the rain and wind .
They arrived at their son's headstone , covered in notes , and a glowing angel , and other little reminders .
Tommy looked down and swallowed .
" Tuesday was his birthday , " he said .
Debbie cleaned up a little , as Tommy stared at his son's name .
" That right there is one of the hardest things a parent can ever do , " he said .
" Come down here and see his kid 's name on a marker . "
Finally , they turned to leave and make the drive back to Greenhill .
" He was a hero , " Tommy said .
Debbie did n't say anything .
Mamas do n't care much about things like that .
She walked toward the car , turning around every few steps to look at her son .
Nicole tells Catherine how the pain does n't go away .
Lela Mae Curbow , known to everyone as Granny , stood at the stove , keeping an eye on the biscuits .
Pawpaw made the gravy , like he has done for years .
The biggest , crispiest pile of bacon you 've ever seen sat on a plate .
And in the small living room off the kitchen , the family joked and laughed : Tommy , Debbie , their youngest daughter Allison , Debbie 's brother Ricky , with Granny giving Pawpaw what for .
" He wears the pants , " she said , " but I tell him when to put 'em on . "
Everyone cracked up .
Then , a few minutes later , out of nowhere , Granny began to cry .
The bacon did it .
" It took me a while to get past fixing breakfast because of him , " she said .
" It still bothers me .
He 'd always sit right over there .
And he could eat a pound of bacon . "
Everyone was silent .
Tears rolled down Granny 's face .
Out in the hall , a candle burned .
They light it every time they 're all together , so his spirit will be with them .
It 's halfway gone .
Nicole tells Catherine about Tommy .
He sits on the couch , holding Matthew 's combat uniform .
He lays the tunic across his lap , like he 's holding a baby , smoothing out the wrinkles .
He rubs his index finger slowly across the name above the pocket .
The house is covered in pictures of Matthew , and prayers , and American flags .
Tommy does n't take his eyes off the camo .
" I was looking forward to Matthew coming home and telling me stories , " he says .
Someday , Nicole will tell Catherine about Michael Noe , who 's trying to become a professional golfer now .
Whenever Matthew needed to talk about what was really going on in the desert , he 'd call Michael .
When one of Matthew 's best friends got killed and it shook him up , he kept the details from his parents and asked Nicole if he could tell her about his feelings when he got home .
He called Michael , too , and left a message .
He was crying .
Michael still has one message saved .
Matthew 's voice sounds tired , hollow .
" Hey , man , " he says .
" It 's your little cousin .
I hope you 're doing good .
Sorry .
Maybe I 'll talk to you later .
I love you . "
" That was a week to the day before he got killed , " Michael says .
A SMALL CHILD SHALL LEAD THEM
Nicole tells Catherine how much she means to everyone .
Tommy and Debbie adore Catherine , for many reasons .
And they 've been scared .
Scared that with their biggest link to Nicole gone , time will pull the family apart .
Tommy worries about this a lot .
He wants Catherine always to be a part of the family .
" That 's all I ask , " he says .
" Do n't let the grandparents be pushed away .
That 's our link to Matthew .
She do n't have to let us see that baby .
For a while , she did n't .
I do n't want Catherine to ever forget that Debbie and I are her grandparents .
I want to have a chance one day to tell Catherine what a great daddy she had . "
Nicole stopped taking Catherine out there for a while , when just the sight of Matthew 's old home was a lot to take .
But things seem better now
" I do n't want to do anything to upset them , " she says .
" I certainly do n't , do not , want them to not see Catherine , because that was a huge , huge part of who her dad was .
They raised him for 18 years . "
Nicole tells her little girl about the good days .
They still exist , and most of them involve Catherine .
Raising a child makes Nicole look forward .
Instead of static reminders Matthew died , Catherine is a reminder Matthew lived .
Like today , when they went to the park , and Catherine played with all the dogs and , afterward , the entire family hung out overlooking an offshoot of the Tennessee River .
" Slowly , " Nicole says , " these periods of laughter get longer . "
Tommy and Debbie were there .
So was Michael , and a bunch of other relatives .
Catherine waddled out , carrying her Dora backpack , commanding all the attention .
She looked like Matthew , and when she smiled , Michael saw his old friend living on .
Debbie noticed something different right away .
" Hey , Catherine , " she says , " you got your pigtails ? "
Nicole grinned .
" They 're kind of crooked , " she said , " but it 's hard chasing her from behind with the ponytail holders . "
Everyone crowded around the little girl .
Tommy stared in wonder .
Catherine picked up and threw a ball , talked with everyone .
Then she saw something that interested her .
She bounded off in that direction , a little wobbly .
Every eye followed her .
So many hopes , so many dreams .
" Come on , Mommy ! " Catherine yelled .
" Come on ! "
Nicole tells Catherine about ... about ... about ... when something does n't come , panic sets in .
What if she forgets things about Matthew , things only she knew ?
It would be like him dying all over again .
But the mind does lose things .
" What you should be able to remember , you can 't , " she says .
" It so quickly happens .
It 's unreal .
I 'll be laying in bed and think , ' I forgot he had a mole right there . '
Random stuff .
I forget stories to tell Catherine .
I 'll be trying to tell her something and just draw a blank .
I had a really bad time one night coming up with something to tell her .
The more I got frustrated , the more I could n't remember .
" All I could say was , ' Your Daddy loved you . '
What else could you say ? "
Wright Thompson is a senior writer for ESPN.com and ESPN The Magazine .
He can be reached at wrightespn@gmail.com .
Join the conversation about " Bedtime Stories for Catherine . "
Solar Thin Film Ready to Ramp Up Production ?
February 10th , 2008 by Carol Gulyas
Interview : Dr. W.S. Sampath at CSU has developed new “ thin film ” solar technology
Thin film has been the holy grail of solar technology : everyone is seeking it , but so far its market penetration is well under 5 % , and its use in large - area applications , such as for solar photovoltaic ( PV ) modules large enough to power buildings , has barely developed .
( Thin film light absorbers are about 1 micron thick and are less costly to produce , as compared to the silicon found in traditional solar PV modules , which at around 200 microns thick is still thinner than a human hair . )
So I was very interested to hear that Dr. W. S. Sampath , professor of mechanical engineering at Colorado State University ( CSU ) , has developed a new , more streamlined production process that promises to reduce the cost of thin film even more .
The company bringing his product to market is AVA Solar , who received a $ 3 million solar incubator grant from the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Solar America Initiative .
I spoke to Dr. Sampath by telephone on Friday , and asked him how his technology is different from that of First Solar , currently the market leader .
“ The difference is in the manufacturing process .
It is much more streamlined and integrated , with fewer production steps , which brings down the manufacturing cost . ”
Dr. Sampath was careful to note that AVA Solar worked in collaboration with First Solar in developing the production process .
“ There is a huge demand , so it makes sense to work together . ”
In other words , when the world is beating a path to your door for a better solar mousetrap , it pays to be open and collaborate to achieve faster , better and cheaper solutions , so as to grow the market much faster .
Dr. Sampath ’s process takes ordinary glass and transforms it into solar panels .
The process is described in more detail in “ The Competitive Edge ” , CSU ’s newsletter on university innovations :
“ A sheet of AVA Solar glass uses 100 times less semiconductor material in the manufacturing process , and produces a new solar panel every two minutes … .
The cost to the consumer could be as low as $ 2 per watt , about half the current cost of solar panels , and the cost is competitive with cost of power from the electrical grid in many parts of the world . ”
The first stage of production will start early in 2009 , with annual production volume estimated at 120 MW , or enough energy to provide electricity to 25,000 homes in Chicago , for example .
With a production process that is highly scalable , presumably production will ramp up as demand continues to grow .
So there you have it :
The government provides grants to stimulate research , innovations abound , information is shared , and costs come down .
( Now if the government would only help stimulate the demand side , we could grow the solar market even faster . )
I grew lightheaded as I envisioned thousands of unemployed General Motors workers happily at work in solar thin - film factories , and timidly asked Dr. Sampath : “ Does this mean we might see our country become a leader in manufacturing again some day ? ”
His answer : “ If we can keep ahead in the technology development arena in this country , there is no reason why we ca n’t keep the manufacturing here .
If we can do the R&D here , we can also implement it here . ”
Note : AVA expects to produce 120MW of PV modules in 2009 , which is over half of the total U.S. PV production in 2006 , and about 3 % of the total production in that year .
Some analysts project that global production will double by 2009 .
First Solar is currently the largest U.S. PV manufacturer .
Image : Dr. Sampath and a member of his research team .
Source : Colorado State University
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The White House has responded to a judge ’s order asking it to explain why it should n’t be required to make copies of all of its hard drives to ensure the recovery of missing emails by claiming that many of the relevant hard drives have been destroyed .
You read that correctly : the White House position is “ We do n’t have to preserve hard drives containing missing email because we already destroyed them . ”
“ [ T ] he vast majority of computer workstations used during the relevant time period would have been replaced approximately every three years in connection with this refresh program , ” writes Theresa Payton , the Chief Information Officer of the White House Office of Administration ( OA ) in her declaration to the court .
This latest revelation appears to present a major obstacle to the efforts of two non-profits , the National Security Archive ( NSA ) and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) , which are suing to recover what may be up to 10 million missing emails and to ensure no more are lost .
( Need to catch up ?
Read our full coverage of the missing White House emails story . )
If the original hard drives exist , even deleted emails can probably be recovered from “ slack space ” on each hard drive , although the passage of time makes that process harder .
But according to Payton ’s declaration , when the White House removes old machines , it usually only copies “ active data ” to the new machine .
Any previously deleted emails or archive files would then be unrecoverable .
This means it may be virtually impossible to dig up emails from March to October 2003 , a period that is not covered by White House backup tapes .
Given the dictates of the Federal Records Act , which governs the preservation of White House email , the administration ’s destruction of the hard drives is curious .
Of course , all IT departments regularly replace hardware .
This “ is necessary in order to run updated software , reduce ongoing maintenance , and enhance security assurance , ” Payton says in her declaration .
When computers are replaced , it is fairly standard practice to destroy the hard drives of the old computers , particularly if they contain confidential information ( as the White House hard drives almost certainly did ) .
But it is almost unheard of for a hard drive to be destroyed if no backup of the data it contains exists .
The White House is required by law to preserve all federal records , a category that includes much of its internal email correspondence .
This is an important point : destroying hard drives is common practice ; permanently destroying data is another matter .
It ’s highly unusual .
If the White House knew there was even a chance that the hard drives were the last repositories of the missing emails , it must have realized it might be irrevocably destroying data it was compelled to preserve .
It ’s likely the White House knew of problems with its archiving system while it engaged in its normal practice of replacing computers .
As Mother Jones reported last month , the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) told the White House on January 6 , 2004 that it was “ operating at risk by not capturing and storing messages outside the email system . ”
Documents released at a House oversight committee hearing last month reveal that the White House knew of a “ critical security issue ” with the archiving system in 2005 .
And a 15 - person team of administration employees created a report in 2005 that pointed to some 700 days for which there was a suspiciously low amount of archived email ( for about 400 of those days there was no archived email at all ) .
On April 13 , 2007 , Dana Perino , the White House Press Secretary , said “ I would n’t rule out that there were a potential 5 million e-mails lost . ”
It ’s pretty clear White House officials knew there might be a problem with missing emails as early as 2004 .
But the “ refresh ” program continued .
( A similar program to “ recycle ” backup tapes was stopped in October 2003 — but only after the backup tapes for March - October 2003 had already been overwritten ) .
Since it would be obvious to any IT professional ( of which the White House has many ) that the hard drives being erased were a potential source for recovering missing emails , any good faith effort to recover that information and ensure no more was lost would include a temporary halt to the “ refresh ” program .
That did n’t happen .
It now seems that the plaintiffs ’ concern that data contained in the slack space of White House hard drives would be overwritten was the wrong worry .
If the administration is telling the truth , these drives have likely already been destroyed .
The NSA plans to respond to the White House ’s filing by close of business on Tuesday .
The NSA ’s General Counsel , Meredith Fuchs , told me she does n’t see “ how it ’s possible ” for the White House to have been running a computer refresh program for years but not , as Payton claims , know which computers it replaced and when .
But given the twists and turns of this tale , well , any incompetence ( or cover story ) is possible .
Bear Stearns Fire - sale Sends Global Markets and US Dollar Plunging
“ It 's a snowball and it keeps getting bigger , ” Peggy Furusaka , credit specialist at BNP Paribas SA in Tokyo .
Last night , while America slept , investors and dollar - holders around the world held an impromptu election on US stewardship of the global economy .
It was a spontaneous referendum triggered by the sudden collapse of Bear Stearns , but it covered many of the issues that have worried investors for the last seven years : the unfunded Bush tax cuts , the $ 2 trillion war in Iraq , the Federal Reserves low - interest bubble - making policies , the reckless gutting of US industrial base , the $ 4 trillion increase to the national debt , the multi-billion dollar “ no bid ” contracts , the opaque deregulated financial system , and the systematic destruction of the world 's reserve currency .
The ballots are still being counted , but the outcome is certain .
The Bush administration lost in a landslide .
Investors have had enough Bush 's failed leadership and the Fed 's reckless , globally - destabilizing monetary policies .
A dollar - rout has already begun in earnest and stock markets around the world are plummeting .
The Hang Seng index ( Hong Kong ) fell 4.3 percent to 21,279.40 .
Japan 's benchmark Nikkei index slumped 3.7 percent to finish at 11,787.51 , falling below 12,000 for the first time since August 2005 .
Shares throughout Europe tumbled overnight , shaving tens of billions off market capitalization .
The Fed 's panicky bailout of Bear Stearns and its surprise quarter - point rate cut has ignited a global equities sell - off and sent the cost of protecting corporate bonds through the roof .
The economic tsunami is presently right outside New York ready to touch - down on Wall Street at the opening bell .
The futures markets are already gyrating wildly .
It should be a raucous St Patrick 's day in the Big Apple .
Bernanke 's 11th Hour Bailout of Bear Sparks Market Freefall
In the end , it was a race with the clock .
The Federal Reserve wanted to get a deal done before the Asia markets opened hoping to soothe jittery investors and stop a full - blown stock market crash .
It was right down to the wire , too .
Less than an hour before trading began on Japan 's Nikkei Index , the sale of beleaguered Investment giant , Bear Stearns was announced on Bloomberg News .
Backed by a $ 30 billion line of credit from the Fed , JP Morgan reluctantly purchased Bear for the bargain - basement price of $ 240 million or $ 2 per share .
Less than a year ago , Bear was riding high at $ 170 per share , but that was before the credit python had wrapped itself around US financial markets .
That seems like ancient history now .
Without the Fed 's intervention the nearly - century old investment warhorse would have been dragged from Wall Street feet first .
If the deal with JPM had flipped , Bear would have been forced into bankruptcy .
But Bear 's travails are just the beginning of Wall Street 's woes .
Now there 's talk of Lehman Brothers going under .
According to the Wall Street Journal :
“ Worries are deepening that other securities firms and commercial banks might be on shaky ground .
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Chief Executive Richard Fuld , concerned about the markets and possible fallout from Bear Stearns 's troubles , cut short a trip to India and returned home Sunday , ahead of schedule , according to people familiar with the matter .
The decision came after a series of calls Saturday to both senior executives at the firm and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , these people say . ”
( “ JP Morgan Rescues Bear Stearns ” , WSJ )
Mr. Fuld has good reason to be concerned , too .
Economics professor Nouriel Roubini says that , “ Lehman 's exposure to toxic ABS / MBS securities is as bad as that of Bear : according to Fitch at the beginning of the turmoil Bear Stearns had the highest toxic waste ( " residual balance " ) exposure as percent of adjusted equity on balance sheet ; the exposure of Bear was 54.5 % while that of Lehman was only marginally smaller at 53.3 % ; that of Goldman Sachs was only 21 % .
And guess what ?
Today Lehman received a $ 2 billion unsecured credit line from 40 lenders .
Here is another massively leveraged broker dealer that mismanaged its liquidity risk , had massive amount of toxic waste on its books and is now in trouble .
Again here we have not only a situation of illiquidity but serious credit problems and losses given the reckless exposure of this second broker dealer to toxic investments . ” ( Nouriel Roubini's Global EconoMonitor )
So , it looks like Bear will be just the first of many over - leveraged investment banks on their way to the chopping block .
As credit gets tighter , banks will have to call in their loans to pare down their debts and increase their capital .
That 's easier said than done in an environment where consumer 's are cutting back on borrowing and traditional revenue streams have dried up .
The banks are facing some stiff headwinds in the near future .
The Federal Reserve announced two initiatives on Sunday designed to “ bolster market liquidity and promote orderly market functioning . ”
The Fed is “ creating a lending facility to improve the ability of primary dealers to provide financing to participants in securitization markets .
This facility will be available for business on Monday , March 17 .
It will be in place for at least six months and may be extended as conditions warrant .
Credit extended to primary dealers under this facility may be collateralized by a broad range of investment - grade debt securities .
The interest rate charged on such credit will be the same as the primary credit rate , or discount rate , at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . ”
This is an incredible move and way beyond the Fed 's mandate to insure price stability .
Bernanke is now offering to accept dodgy mortgage - backed bonds from NON - BANK institutions .
Outrageous .
We can be 100 % certain now , that Congress 's closed door meeting on Friday had nothing to do with Bush 's spying on American citizens .
Most likely , the Fed convened the meeting to present their extraordinary strategy to save the financial system from a Chernobyl - like meltdown .
The Fed also announced a “ decrease in the primary credit rate from 3 - 1/ 2 percent to 3 - 1/4 percent ( and ) an increase in the maximum maturity of primary credit loans to 90 days from 30 days . ”
( Fed statement )
So Bernanke has not only decided to bailout the banks but everyone else who is even remotely connected to the subprime / securitization swindle .
Great .
But the rest of the world is not so convinced that this is prudent economic theory , in fact , foreign investors are already shedding US debt instruments faster than any time in history .
Let 's hope that Bernanke realizes that foreign Central Banks and investors presently hold $ 6 trillion dollars of US Treasuries and dollars and can dump it on our shores whenever they choose .
That 's enough greenbacks to start a Wiemar - type blizzard that will last until Resurrection Day .
Roubini on the Fed 's plan to provide loans to non-bank institutions :
“ By having thrown down the drain the decades old doctrine and rule that the Fed should not lend or bail out non-bank financial institutions the Fed has created an extremely dangerous precedent that seriously aggravates the moral hazard of its lender of last resort support role .
If the Fed starts on the slippery slope of providing massive liquidity support to non-bank financial institutions that have recklessly managed their risks it enters into uncharted territory that radically changes its mandate and formal role .
Breaking decades - old rules and practices is a radical action that seriously requires a clear public explanation and justification .
” ( Nouriel Roubini's Global EconoMonitor )
It 's clear that Bernanke is just making it up as he goes along .
His actions are unprecedented and , yes , counterproductive .
He 's just generating more panic among investors .
That does n't help .
Just a few months ago , Bernanke was reiterating his belief that markets should operate with as little government intervention as possible .
What a transformation .
Now he has nationalized the banking system and is providing a backstop for privately owned brokerages .
What 's next ; a bailout for the hedge funds ?
There 's still a great deal that we do n't know about the Bear buyout .
Like why was it so important to save a bank that had invested its shareholders money so poorly in toxic bonds that were virtually untested in stressful market conditions ?
It is complicated , but the real reason for the bailout is that the entire financial industry is now inextricably bound together through multi-billion dollar counterparty transactions called credit default swaps and other unregulated derivatives .
When one major player is stricken , the whole system can violently unwind .
According to the Wall Street Journal : “ With each firm intricately intertwined with others in a maze of loans , credit lines , derivatives and swaps , the Fed and Treasury agreed that letting Bear Stearns collapse quickly was a risk not worth taking , because the consequences were simply unknowable .
... For Fed officials it was a difficult choice .
They did not want to single Bear out for help and they realized their actions aggravated " moral hazard " -- the tendency of bailouts to encourage future risky behavior .
But the alternative was potentially far worse .
Bear risked defaulting on extensive " repo " loans , in which it pledges securities as collateral for overnight loans from money - market funds .
If that happened , other securities dealers would see access to repo loans become more restrictive .
The pledged securities behind those loans could be dumped in a fire sale , deepening the plunge in securities prices . ”
( “ Fed Races to Rescue Bear Stearns In Bid to Steady Financial System ” , Wall Street Journal )
So Bernanke felt like he had no choice .
He could either bailout Bear or sit back and watch a daisy - chain of defaults take down one bank after another .
Of course , there was another option .
The Fed and the SEC could have fulfilled their responsibilities as regulators and insisted that derivatives trading come under the purvue of government officials .
But , apparently , that was never a serious consideration among the non-interventionist free market cheerleaders at the Federal Reserve .
They saw their job as simply enabling their obscenely rich constituents to get even richer while putting the public at risk .
Now it has all ended badly .
Saint Patrick 's Day Financial Chainsaw Massacre
In less than an hour , the stock market will open and investors will get a chance to vote on the Fed 's latest plan to rescue the US financial system .
Good luck .
The dollar has already sunk to $ 1.59 per euro , gold is up to $ 1017 per ounce , and oil topped out at $ 111 per barrel ; all record highs .
At the same time , foreign investors have begun an informal boycott of US debt .
Last week 's auction of US Treasuries was the worst in a decade .
Thus , the anemic greenback has continued its steady decline as the fundamentals get weaker and weaker .
This afternoon , at 2 PM , President Bush will meet with the Working Group on Financial Markets ( aka ; the Plunge Protection Team ) at private White House meeting .
The group includes the Secretary of the Treasury , the Chairman of the Federal Reserve , the Chairman of the SEC , and the Chairman of the Commodity and Futures Trading Commission .
The group of financial heavyweights will update the President on developments in the equities markets and explain in greater detail what Henry Paulson calls “ the systemic risk posed by hedge funds and derivatives . ”
Of course , by then , the blood could be running knee - deep down Wall Street .
( Note ; " Bernankerupted " invented by Mish blogger named skeptic )
By Mike Whitney
Email : fergiewhitney@msn.com
Mike is a well respected freelance writer living in Washington state , interested in politics and economics from a libertarian perspective .
Mike Whitney Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Steve Moyer
19 Mar 08 , 10:48 Mike Whitney a Must Read !
Mike Whitney is an every - week must - read going forward .
Readers :
Know what 's going on and be defensive !
Great job , Mike .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
Thirty - two people were arrested on Wednesday when they tried to block entrances to the Internal Revenue Service in protests marking the fifth anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq , police said .
Protesters also picketed news organizations and defence contractors and blocked traffic in several antiwar events across the country as the Iraq war entered its sixth year .
On the National Mall , about 100 protesters carried signs that read “ The Endlessness Justifies the Meaninglessness ” and waved upside - down U.S. flags , a traditional sign of distress .
“ Bush and Cheney , leaders failed , Bush and Cheney belong in jail , ” they chanted , referring to U.S. President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
Protesters had hoped to shut down the IRS , the U.S. tax collection agency , to highlight the cost of the war .
Police cleared the building ’s entrances within an hour .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Ernestine Fubbs said 32 people were arrested when they crossed barriers set up by police .
Other police officials said the event was nonviolent .
One hour after the IRS standoff , several dozen protesters waved signs that said “ Stop Paying to Kill ” and “ How Much Longer ? ” as a ragtag brass band played .
IRS employees were easily able to enter the building .
“ We wanted to put our bodies between the money and what that money goes to fund -- the war , the occupation , the bombs , ” said Frida Berrigan , an organizer with the War Resisters League .
“ It would have been nice to shut down the building for the whole day but I think this was a good symbolic action , ” she said .
BLOCKING TRAFFIC
Later , scores of noisy protesters blocked a busy intersection in the city ’s business district .
They picketed in front of the offices of The Washington Post and threw red paint on the building that houses the Examiner newspaper and Bechtel National Inc. , which has handled major reconstruction projects in Iraq .
In San Francisco , several hundred people protested along Market Street in the central business district on Wednesday .
A police spokesman said officers had made some arrests but did not have an exact count or details on the charges .
Four women were detained for hanging a 20 - foot - long ( 6 - metre-long ) banner off the city ’s Golden Gate Bridge and then released , said bridge spokeswoman Mary Currie .
In New York , about 30 members of the “ Granny Peace Brigade ” gathered in Times Square , knitting in hand , to demand that troops be brought home now .
“ We ’re out here to show people that this war is madness .
We never should have gotten into this war in the first place , ” said Shirley Weiner , 80 .
Berrigan said she was disappointed that antiwar protests have shrunk in size over the past five years , in contrast to the massive protests of the Vietnam War era , when her father , Philip Berrigan , was prominent in the antiwar movement .
“ The war is an abstraction to a majority of Americans , ” she said .
Study groups may be a virtual trademark of the Ivory Tower – but a virtual study group has been slammed as cheating by Ryerson University .
First - year student Chris Avenir is fighting charges of academic misconduct for helping run an online chemistry study group via Facebook last term , where 146 classmates swapped tips on homework questions that counted for 10 per cent of their mark .
The computer engineering student has been charged with one count of academic misconduct for helping run the group – called Dungeons / Mastering Chemistry Solutions after the popular Ryerson basement study room engineering students dub The Dungeon – and another 146 counts , one for each classmate who used the site .
Avenir , 18 , faces an expulsion hearing Tuesday before the engineering faculty appeals committee .
If he loses that appeal , he can take his case to the university 's senate .
The incident has sent shock waves through student ranks , says Kim Neale , 26 , the student union 's advocacy co-ordinator , who will represent Avenir at the hearing .
" All these students are scared s--- less now about using Facebook to talk about schoolwork , when actually it 's no different than any study group working together on homework in a library , " said Neale .
" That 's the worst part ; it 's creating this culture of fear , where if I post a question about physics homework on my friend 's wall ( a Facebook bulletin board ) and ask if anyone has any ideas how to approach this – and my prof sees this , am I cheating ? " said Neale , who has used Facebook study groups herself .
Ryerson officials have declined to comment while the case continues .
Ryerson 's academic misconduct policy , which is being updated , defines it as " any deliberate activity to gain academic advantage , including actions that have a negative effect on the integrity of the learning environment . "
Yet students argue Facebook groups are simply the new study hall for the wired generation .
Avenir said he joined the Facebook group last fall to get help with some of the questions the professor would give students to do online .
As the network grew , he took over as its administrator , which is why he believes he alone has been charged .
" So we each would be given chemistry questions and if we were having trouble , we 'd post the question and say : ` Does anyone get how to do this one ?
I did n't get it right and I do n't know what I 'm doing wrong . '
Exactly what we would say to each other if we were sitting in the Dungeon , " said Avenir yesterday .
He is still attending classes pending his hearing but admits the stress of the accusations is affecting his midterm exam results .
" But if this kind of help is cheating , then so is tutoring and all the mentoring programs the university runs and the discussions we do in tutorials , " he said .
Neale said the Facebook account appears to have been pulled offline yesterday , although Avenir said it has not been in use since the course ended in December .
He had earned a B in the class , but after the professor discovered the Facebook group over the holidays , the mark was changed to an F .
The professor reported the incident to the school 's student conduct officer and recommended expulsion .
Neale said Avenir missed two meetings to discuss the matter because of a miscommunication .
Tuesday 's hearing was arranged to give him a chance make his case against explusion .
Ryerson is not obliged to do so .
While Neale admits the professor stipulated the online homework questions were to be done independently , she said it has long been a tradition for students to brainstorm homework in groups , particularly in heavy programs such as law , engineering and medicine .
Each student in the course received slightly different questions to prevent cheating , she said , and she did not see evidence of students doing complete solutions for each other .
Instead , she said , they would brainstorm about techniques .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" They 'd say to each other stuff like ... ` Remember what to do when you have positive cations ( a type of positively charged ion ) ' and that sort of thing , " she said .
But Neale admitted the invitation to the Facebook group may have been what landed them in trouble .
It read : " If you request to join , please use the forms to discuss / post solutions to the chemistry assignments .
Please input your solutions if they are not already posted . "
Still , said Neale , " no one did post a full final solution .
It was more the back and forth that you get in any study group . "
Read more about :
At the age of 18 , every American citizen is free to exercise his or her right to vote , as guaranteed by the Constitution .
However , more than five million Americans in 48 states are denied access to this right due to an array of legislation barring former felons from the polls .
This week , three states made headlines with starkly different takes on the voting rights of former felons .
From an excited former felon who voted for the first time on Tuesday to a Secretary of State who hopes to restrict the voting rights of all felons , the question of who gets to exercise their Constitutional rights is at the center of an expanding debate .
On Monday , Mississippi Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann pushed legislation to prohibit voting by felons .
Claiming just 12,000 out of 50,000 felons are unable to vote under current law - including “ sexual predators and cocaine pushers ” - Hosemann used incendiary language designed to demonize in order to build support for the passage of the “ Voting Reform Act , ” an omnibus election bill geared towards prevention of so - called voter fraud .
The bill also includes voter identification requirements , among other restrictions , according to reports by the Meridian Star and Hattiesburg American
Studies have shown that controversial voter ID laws disenfranchise citizens in low income and minority communities and felon voting rights restrictions fall heavily upon those same constituencies .
According to criminal justice policy group , the Sentencing Project , “ this fundamental obstacle to participation in democratic life is exacerbated by racial disparities in the criminal justice system , resulting in an estimated 13 % of Black men unable to vote . ”
These aspects of the Hosemann - supported bill would seem to indicate that it is an attempt to legalize and extend voter suppression policies in the state , as decision - makers seek to craft an electorate to their specifications rather than allow it to reflect the overall make - up of Mississippi ’s citizens .
Not only does the patchwork of felon disenfranchisement policies across the 50 states hurt former felons , they also have an impact on their surrounding communities .
The right to vote helps build a sense of community , thus reducing the harmful impact on low - income and minorities communities where a disproportionately high number of individuals are disenfranchised due to felony convictions .
This sentiment was shared by a former prisoner who got to vote for the first time Tuesday in a story posted on AlterNet .
“ This election is bringing out apathetic voters and first - time voters , and making both groups feel invested in the future of their country , ” wrote Andres Idarraga , one of 15,000 former Rhode Islanders with a felony conviction who recently had his voting rights restored .
“ I am so proud to be one of them . ”
While reinstating voting rights is an important step in fostering a healthy , representative democracy , educating former offenders regarding restoration procedures is key in reaching that goal , as exemplified by recent work in Alabama .
“ Onetime criminal and founder of a ministry called The Ordinary People Society , ” Rev. Kenneth Glasgow had been helping people restore their voting rights for years but only recently discovered that some of the 250,000 disenfranchised Alabamans were actually eligible to vote .
Glasgow 's experience highlights the secrecy surrounding this aspect of Alabama .
Until Friday , the Secretary of State ’s website wrongfully stated all felons are ineligible to register and vote .
Alabama ’s state constitution denies voting rights to only those who committed a felony involving “ moral turpitude . ”
Therefore , “ those who have committed other felonies — like marijuana possession or drunken driving — can cast ballots even if they are still in prison , according to the state attorney general . ”
In 2003 , a statute passed making it easier for “ some felons to regain voting rights , ” which was strongly opposed by Republicans “ ' because felons do n't tend to vote Republican , ' ” chairman of the state Republican Party , Marty Connors said .
It is estimated that at least 3,000 of the 29,000 inmates and thousands more on parole are eligible to vote .
Glasgow , who has registered more than 500 people in county jails , notes how including disenfranchised people in the electorate changes the terms of public policy debate .
“ There would be a lot of difference in our legislators , our elected officials and our presidents that we ’ve had , ” Glasgow said .
“ It would definitely change the political spectrum of Alabama . ”
Connors ’ statement is an explicit example of the partisan analysis behind the positions of elected officials on laws dealing with who is and is not eligible to vote .
Rather than focusing on upholding the right of every citizen to exercise this foundational right of democracy , thereby allowing maximum participation in addressing the issues that affect people ’s everyday lives , lawmakers seek to use the government itself to shape the electorate for partisan advantage .
Currently , Maine and Vermont are the only states where felony convictions do not affect voter eligibility
As former felons in Alabama and Rhode Island voice their desire to take part in the civic life of their communities and country – a situation that only strengthens American democracy – officials and lawmakers in Mississippi are finding ways to turn a citizen ’s Constitutional right into a privilege reserved only for those who fit certain profiles .
Excluding citizens from the most basic right of a representative democracy undermines communal bonds and weakens our civic society .
Project Vote is currently monitoring bills related to felon voting rights in six states at www.ElectionLegislation.org
The power of the media is immense , especially when it comes to conflicts .
It is not difficult to make your own side look like heroes , no matter what atrocities they commit .
Consider , for example , the Death Star .
In the first Star Wars movie the rebels steal some plans and then destroy the Death Star space station .
A quick web search reveals how many people were actually on the Death Star at the time :
265,675 Station crew
52,276 gunners
607,360 troops
25,984 Stormtroopers
42,782 ship support staff
167,216 pilots and support crew
That ’s over a million people , and that ’s only a conservative estimate .
A million people .
Excuse me , just how fucking cold - blooded are these rebels ?
They kill a million people and then fly back to their planet and then they give out medals ?
What about the million mothers all over the Empire who lose their children , most of whom were probably conscripted ?
Not to mention the people who are just doing their jobs : the cleaners , and programmers , and dishwashers , and pizza chefs , and all the prisoners in the holding cells .
All suddenly dead , because of upper - class twits like Princess Leia , and her lofty ideas about restoring the “ old order ” where her family and people like them were the ones in charge .
So the rebels think this is the way to win popular opinion – to kill a million people ?
Many of the Death Star military who died were probably soldiers during the old Republic and simply became the new military when the Emperor took over .
And the cold - blooded bastards kill them too – thousands of their own ex-colleagues – and then they have a fucking party ?
Luke Skywalker is a terrorist , guilty of massive crimes against humanity .
And all of the rebels are terrorists , pure and simple , by any definition you care to use .
These guys do not agree with the present democratically elected government as they are far too secular for their tastes , and so they go around recruiting farm boys like Skywalker and his buddies as X - wing cannon fodder to fight and restore the ancient theocracy and the “ old ways ” .
And is the Empire “ evil ” ?
Well from what we see in Epiosde 3 , Palpatine appears to have been democratically elected .
Sure , his regime has a fascist tinge to it , but all of the military we see in the original movies are efficient and honourable , and not at all corrupt .
And just try and find a military without a fascist tinge to it .
And what did this “ Evil Empire ” displace ?
A society managed as some kind of new - age feudal system , where an accident of birth ( in this case the ability to be a Jedi ) guarantees you rights and privileges above all others , as well as full legal immunity .
The Jedi seem to be above the law , answer to nobody and are only interested in having their religion replace all other ideologies and use it to “ keep the peace ” or , in other words , rule everybody forever .
It truly amazes me how these bellicose fundamentalists can be depicted as “ good ” and then everybody goes along with it and spends 3 movies clapping their adventures .
Me included .
Are n’t we all terribly terribly smart ?
/ paddy
Hunt for the Amber Room Dig For Nazi Treasure Continues
The search for looted Nazi gold and the so - called Amber Room continued on Tuesday in Deutschneudorf , a village in eastern Germany .
Nothing has been found yet , but the treasure hunters remain confident .
We are trusted dealers and experts in early cartographic material , with more than 35 years of experience selling authentic old maps , atlases , travel books and master prints .
We offer the finest rare antique maps and atlases to collectors and institutions .
All items offered are genuine and original antiques guaranteed to have been made around the given date , mostly 1500s and 1600s .
Each item comes with a certificate of authenticity and an elaborate description .
The greatest difficulty is that men do not think enough of themselves , do not consider what it is that they are sacrificing when they follow in a herd , or when they cater for their establishment .
— Ralph Waldo Emerson
Your entire reality is a reflection of how much you value your own life .
The people around you — bosses , business partners , friends , lovers — will treat you only as well as you treat yourself .
The city you live in says a lot about your thirst for vibrance and opportunity .
The goals you ’re actively pursuing are an expression of your commitment to being alive , living dangerously , rather than hanging on in a palliative state , surviving the same day over and over again until the Grim Reaper comes knocking .
Unlike respect given to you by other people , self - respect is not something you earn , but something you choose .
Choosing to respect yourself is more than just a personal promise or affirmation though :
It ’s a contract signed by your actions .
Spoiling Yourself
How many of us can honestly say something like , “ I want to find a girl / guy who treats me as well I treat myself ” , and actually mean it ?
For many people , that would result in a pretty messed up relationship .
Their partner would be feeding them fast food and sugar all the time , telling them how ugly they are , convincing them that they do n’t even deserve a great relationship , and be constantly manufacturing excuses for why now is not the right time to chase their dreams .
If your relationship with yourself is damaged , your relationship with everyone else is damaged too .
Improving your relationship with yourself starts with raising your standards .
Not by saying that you ’re raising your standards , but by acting on that commitment .
30 Days to Self - Respect
To do that , you could try what I call the 30 - Day Self - Respect Challenge .
You can do it all at once , or piece - by - piece .
I usually only run about two or three 30 - day trials at a time myself , but feel free to bite off as much as you can chew .
This 30 - day challenge provides an action plan that will , from day one , raise your standards for how you expect to be treated by others and , as a result , change how you treat them .
Without further ado , here ’s the challenge :
Eat healthy .
Buy a good cookbook .
For 30 days , commit to cooking yourself at least three recipes from it every week .
Try to focus on using “ organic ” ( aka , “ real ” ) ingredients to create meals that strike a balance between tasting good and being nutritious .
I ’m using Wholefood : Heal , Nourish , Delight
.
I ’m also planning on picking up some of Jamie Oliver ’s stuff .
Everyone will have their eating preferences , so of course feel free to cook from whatever source interests you .
Get some rest .
For 30 days , commit to waking up at the same time every day , whether that ’s 5:30 AM or 11:00 AM .
I think being an early riser is vastly overrated , even though I am an early riser .
What ’s most important , IMHO , is to commit to a sleep schedule that fits your lifestyle and stick with it .
For 30 days , commit to waking up at the same time every day , whether that ’s 5:30 AM or 11:00 AM .
I think being an early riser is vastly overrated , even though I am an early riser .
What ’s most important , IMHO , is to commit to a sleep schedule that fits your lifestyle and stick with it .
Talk to strangers .
For 30 days , talk to at least one stranger every day .
Just say “ Hi ” and do n’t worry about anything that happens after that .
The last time I did this as a 30 - day challenge , I got laid on day one .
This is n’t even about just meeting women though .
It ’s about learning that rejection equals progress , and that building up a tolerance to getting blown out will completely change your life .
For 30 days , talk to at least one stranger every day .
Just say “ Hi ” and do n’t worry about anything that happens after that .
The last time I did this as a 30 - day challenge , I got laid on day one .
This is n’t even about just meeting women though .
It ’s about learning that rejection equals progress , and that building up a tolerance to getting blown out will completely change your life .
Do n’t work overtime .
Take the five o’clock challenge .
For 30 days , leave the office every single day at 5:00 PM , or whatever time you ’re supposed to be off at .
What ’s the worst that can happen ?
Will you get fired ?
I spent two years working for a demanding billionaire , as the lead developer on one of his pet projects , and rarely worked a second over seven hours a day , and I did n’t .
Take the five o’clock challenge .
For 30 days , leave the office every single day at 5:00 PM , or whatever time you ’re supposed to be off at .
What ’s the worst that can happen ?
Will you get fired ?
I spent two years working for a demanding billionaire , as the lead developer on one of his pet projects , and rarely worked a second over seven hours a day , and I did n’t .
Take the smallest next step every day .
I think every person reading this has , at the very least , a few goals loosely percolating in their minds .
Take any one of those ideas ( flip a coin , if you have to ) and commit to it for 30 days .
Then , every day , take the smallest next step to making that dream come true .
Day one , register the domain name .
Day two , sign up for web hosting .
Day three , install some blogging software .
Day four , write an article that introduces your site .
Lather , rinse , repeat .
If you end up realizing that this goal is n’t what you wanted , who cares ?
It ’s only 30 days , and finding your passions requires trial and error .
I think every person reading this has , at the very least , a few goals loosely percolating in their minds .
Take any one of those ideas ( flip a coin , if you have to ) and commit to it for 30 days .
Then , every day , take the smallest next step to making that dream come true .
Day one , register the domain name .
Day two , sign up for web hosting .
Day three , install some blogging software .
Day four , write an article that introduces your site .
Lather , rinse , repeat .
If you end up realizing that this goal is n’t what you wanted , who cares ?
It ’s only 30 days , and finding your passions requires trial and error .
Do n’t argue .
Arguing is one of the more common forms of self - disrespect .
It lowers the consciousness of both people involved .
Nobody ever wins an argument , because neither side is even listening to the other .
So for 30 days , do n’t argue .
Observe the ego wanting to lash out and react , without following through on it .
Warning :
The side effects of following this plan may include leaving a job that is draining you of your will to live , ending a relationship with someone who treats you like a piece of shit , making more money while working fewer hours , having way more energy than you do right now , and getting laid like a rock star .
Your mileage may vary .
Marijuana is still illegal in Canada , but you would n't have known it at Queen 's Park yesterday .
That smoky haze above the park just north of the Legislature was from the thousands of people who sparked up joints as part of the Toronto Freedom Festival and Global Marijuana March , " a celebration of all things marijuana , " as one organizer described it .
The park was jammed with tokers who gathered to make a collective case for the legalization of pot , under the watch of Toronto police , who ringed the periphery and herded some marchers through downtown streets , but otherwise let the crowd blast off and did n't arrest anyone .
A police news release prior to the event said they expected a crowd of 10,000 to 12,000 , which may have underestimated the actual attendance .
Officers at the scene did n't want to guess at the crowd size .
It was a spirited affair , but to call it a protest would be an overstatement .
The event was so laid - back that most of those who jammed the park seemed unaware of the 2 p.m. march through the downtown core .
Jay Cleary , one of the organizers of the bands that played throughout the day , announced from the stage that " we 're here to smoke our brains out and have a good time , " which prompted a smattering of applause .
He thanked the city for allowing the event , and police for tolerating it , noting the festival has been held nine years in a row without any arrests .
Most of the crowd appeared to be middle - class kids in their late teens or early 20s .
There was scarcely a burned - out hippie in the bunch .
Retailers peddling hemp products from tents were busy , but the food vendors did a roaring business .
Inside the CALM ( Cannabis as Living Medicine ) tent , there were posters of a smiling woman above the slogan , " I smoke responsibly .
You can too . "
When asked how to smoke responsibly , a red - eyed guy behind a table giggled and said , " Uh , you know , do n't smoke and drive , I guess . "
A gaggle of teenage girls were smoking a joint while walking along Bloor St. " It 's a nice day for a walk , and for once , I do n't have to sneak around to do it , " one of them said .
While Vallejo's finances were plunging faster than a roller coaster at the Six Flags amusement park , the city 's firefighters were going abalone diving , grilling tri-tip and drinking cocktails on the public 's dime , records show .
Under their contract , the firefighters union has been allowed since 2003 to charge the city 600 hours a year - at a cost of more than $ 24,000 annually - for union activities that were approved by the union 's chief .
The junkets included an annual Seafood Extravaganza at the fairgrounds , a 10 - kilometer run ending with a party at the amusement park and a dunk tank at the Waterfront Festival .
The Solano County grand jury blasted the fire union 's unusual business - leave arrangement in a 2006 report , as did an Oakland attorney hired by the city in November .
But firefighters say they used the time to raise money for Little League , Boys and Girls Clubs and other local charities .
" Was it true we had a cocktail every now and then ?
Absolutely .
Were we out boozing and not coming back ( to work ) because we were hung over ?
Absolutely not , " union President Kurt Henke said Tuesday .
" It 's no different than going to a business lunch or reception . "
Dwindling tax revenue and ballooning public safety expenses have put Vallejo on the brink of becoming the largest city in California to declare bankruptcy .
Officials there have until April 22 to devise a long - term plan to stave off financial ruin .
Public safety workers ' salaries are being cut , two firehouses have been closed , 12 police officer positions are being eliminated , and city staff members will be laid off .
In addition , funding to senior centers , libraries , museums and other amenities is being slashed to zero .
Practice criticized
" I think city - funded union business leave needs to be abolished , " City Councilwoman Stephanie Gomes said Tuesday .
" It 's an obvious violation of public trust and a misuse of public funds . "
Katy Meissner , a community activist , said the firefighters ' paid leave angers residents who are dealing with dwindling public services .
" You have this group that 's been going fishing and drinking and doing charity dunk tanks on city time .
It 's pretty despicable , " Meissner said .
City and union leaders last week whittled the 600 - hour cap to 500 hours and limited the activities to firefighter and union conventions .
Still , the allowance is more generous than those in many other Bay Area cities .
In Hayward , firefighters hold about 600 hours ' worth of charity golf tournaments and fundraisers each year , but they use time donated from their own vacation and compensatory - time allowances .
In San Francisco , the firefighters ' contract does n't limit the number of hours for union business leave , but the fire chief must approve the time off .
In Oakland , the firefighters union gets 576 hours a year of such leave , but it is split among 504 union members - roughly six times the number in Vallejo .
Even then , the hours are rarely used because they must be approved by the chief and the individuals must pay their own expenses , said Donna Hom , the fire department 's chief financial officer .
In its report , the county grand jury slammed Vallejo 's firefighters for charging full 24 - hour shifts for union business when they used a few hours for an activity .
The report added that the city had to pay replacement workers overtime at time - and - a - half to fill in .
In the city - funded private investigation , attorney Douglas Freifeld described the union leaders as " unapologetic " about using city time for charity events , dinners and political campaigning .
" The fire chief 's ' hands - off ' approach to ( union business leave ) was taken advantage of by union leadership to greatly , albeit not openly , expand the utilization of ( such leave ) , " Freifeld wrote .
Union president 's response
Henke called both reports " absolutely biased . "
The city has long been trying to break the union , he said , and often seeks damaging information to erode public support during contract negotiations .
" They hired an investigator to come up with a predetermined result , " he said .
" They want to make it look like we did something wrong .
We did nothing wrong . "
From 2000 to 2006 , the Vallejo Firefighters Local 1186 and the Vallejo Chamber of Commerce threw an annual Seafood Extravaganza and happy hour at McCormack Hall at the county fairgrounds in Vallejo .
Henke said several firefighters are licensed abalone divers who took union business time to harvest the prized shellfish off the North Coast before the event .
Proceeds typically amounted to between $ 8,000 and $ 10,000 , Henke said , which was split between the chamber and donations to charities .
Firefighters also would barbecue tri-tip steak for the party , which typically drew about 400 people paying $ 60 per ticket .
" We had to stop because it was getting to be too much work , " said Connie Howard , the chamber 's community promotions coordinator .
" But it was fun .
And the food was fabulous .
It took us a week to recover . "
City and union leaders are meeting almost daily , furiously trying to renegotiate the fire and police contracts in advance of the April 22 bankruptcy deadline .
The talks are confidential , and neither side will say if union business leave is under negotiation .
Mr Mourtada said his fake Facebook profile was just a bit of fun
Fouad Mourtada was arrested on 5 February on suspicion of stealing the identity of Prince Moulay Rachid , younger brother of King Mohammed VI .
The Casablanca court also ordered Mr Mourtada , 26 , to pay a $ 1,300 fine .
The prosecution had urged the court to impose a sentence which set an example for others .
Mr Mourtada was convicted of " villainous practices linked to the alleged theft of the [ prince 's ] identity " .
In his defence , he said he admired the prince , and that the Facebook entry was just intended to be a bit of fun .
' Beaten unconscious '
A website supporting him published a letter addressed to the prince apologising for the incident .
The letter , reportedly penned by Mr Mourtada 's family , requested clemency .
" Fouad Mourtada , like thousands of people who create fake profiles of well - known personalities or celebrities on Facebook , has in no way acted in a willingness to cause nuisance to Your Highness , for whom he has always shown the greatest of respect , " the letter on the Help Fouad website reads .
Earlier this week some Moroccan bloggers went " on strike " , suspending their regular blog entries for 24 hours in protest at Mr Mourtada 's detention .
According to the website , he told family members who visited him in jail that he had been blindfolded and beaten unconscious at the time of his arrest .
What a fine bunch we have on Wall Street .
They can afford to hand out massive bonus money hand over fist but look who is gobbling up money from American taxpayers .
If they were n’t showering so much money on themselves it would be one thing , but c’mon , this is ridiculous .
How much is enough ?
How could they possibly afford to pay out so handsomely if times are so tough ?
Firms averaged $ 13.4 BILLION per day in loans by the government over the last week .
$ 13.4 billion per day .
Amazing .
Most Americans would probably accept helping out to keep the American economy going but when they ’re increasingly struggling to make ends meet and then discover they ’re financing the high rolling lifestyles of Wall Street millionaires , the cause suddenly sounds much less compelling .
Where are the sacrifices on Wall Street ?
Why do we again have a situation where regular people are getting stuck with all of the bad and none of the upside ?
What a system the Republicans have constructed .
Good money , if you can get it .
A few months ago , the Illinois legislature had passed a law requiring public schools to observe a moment of silence in the classroom .
The law was called the “ Silent Reflection and Student Prayer Act . ”
Atheists Rob Sherman and his daughter Dawn Sherman filed a lawsuit against the bill leading to an injunction .
We ’ve been in limbo regarding the law until now …
But there ’s finally some good news to report !
A new version of the law — stripped of the “ prayer ” reference and making the moment of silence optional for educators — was voted on in the Illinois House today .
Here ’s the revised version of the bill , sponsored by Rep. John Fritchey ( D - Chicago ) :
1 AN ACT concerning education .
2
Be it enacted by the People of the State of Illinois ,
3 represented in the General Assembly : 4 Section 5 . The Silent Reflection and Student Prayer Act is
5 amended by changing Sections 0.01 and 1 as follows : 6 ( 105 ILCS 20/0.01 ) ( from Ch. 122 , par . 770 )
7 Sec. 0.01 .
Short title .
This
Act may be cited as the
8 Student Silent Reflection and Student Prayer Act .
9 ( Source : P.A. 92-832 , eff. 1-1-03 . ) 10 ( 105 ILCS 20/1 ) ( from Ch. 122 , par . 771 )
11 Sec. 1 . In each public school classroom , the teacher in
12 charge may conduct shall observe a brief period of silence with
13 the participation of all the pupils therein assembled at the
14 opening of every school day .
This period shall not be conducted
15 as a religious exercise but shall be an opportunity for silent
16 prayer or for such silent reflection as may be desired by each
17 individual pupil on the anticipated activities of the day .
18 ( Source : P.A. 95-680 , eff. 10-11-07 . ) 19 Section 99 .
Effective date .
This
Act takes effect upon
20 becoming law .
Much better , I say .
This version of the bill passed ( PDF ) in the Illinois House : 72-31 ( 6 voted “ Present ” ) .
That is some welcome news for those of us who saw this mandatory moment of silence as a waste of time and a manipulative way to force religion into the classroom .
The bill now goes to the Illinois Senate .
It wo n’t have an easy path there , but the new version should pass regardless .
[ tags ] atheist , atheism , HB 4180 [ / tags ]
Young supporters chant ' Obama , Obama ' as Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Barack Obama takes the stage at rally at the XL Center during the last full day of campaigning before Super Tuesday .
Click the play button to see what Jack and our viewers had to say .
( PHOTO CREDIT : GETTY IMAGES )
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
Young people are fired up about the 2008 election .
This week we saw more than 3 million voters under the age of 30 flooding the polls on Super Tuesday , turning out in record numbers in more than 20 states .
Exit polls showed that in almost every state , youth voter turnout increased significantly from 2000 and 2004 .
Some of these statistics are amazing :
In Tennessee the number of people between the ages of 18 - to - 29 who voted more than quadrupled .
In Georgia , young voters tripled their turnout this year .
And in California , more than 850,000 voters under 30 cast ballots .
This stuff is very encouraging .
The turnout of young people actually represented the winning margin of victory in some states .
For example , Barack Obama won Missouri by just 10,000 votes .
That 's a state where 75,000 young people voted for him .
The fact is Obama probably owes thanks to young people for a lot of his Super Tuesday victories .
In fact , Obama won the youth vote in 19 of the 22 states that voted on Tuesday .
The head of “ Rock the Vote ” is optimistic .
She says : " Young people are tired of being characterized as apathetic and uninterested in politics .
They are casting ballots like never before , volunteering on campaigns , organizing at their schools , and have shown , since the first contest in January , they will pick the next President of the United States . "
None of this is lost on the campaigns .
Candidates are targeting young voters through the internet and any other way they can reach them .
Here ’s my question to you :
Why are young people so interested in the 2008 election ?
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Rebecca from Columbus , Ohio writes :
As a young person ( 20 years old ) , I am interested in this election because the government has gone down the toilet in the past 8 years and I was n't able to vote yet in 2004 to try to turn things around .
Young people like me are also extremely inspired by Barack Obama , who gives us hope that we can change things in this country .
My life has been governed entirely by the Bush and Clinton families , and I 'm working to see something new .
K. writes :
100 years in Iraq = DRAFT .
Brandon from Laurel , Mississippi writes :
This will be the first presidential election I will be able to vote in .
I am very excited to be able to cast my ballot for Ron Paul .
He has cured my apathy about politics and is an example of how we can change for the better .
I will vote for him in November if I have to write - in his name !
Sandy writes :
For the same reason I was interested in the election of John F. Kennedy .
These kids see a light at the end of the tunnel when they see Barak Obama , and well they should see that light .
He is a bright light in this dark world and I hope the people of this country see that light before it 's too late .
I just hope the " Washington elite " do n't screw him over .
C. from Houston , Texas writes :
Young people do n't focus on what has been , they focus on the here and now .
They use the internet very effectively exchanging information and they love commercials .
I believe they have always had an interest in elections but were shut out .
Sean writes :
You want to know why young people are getting involved ?
It is because we are sick and tired of these political leaders living with a 20th century mentality in a 21st century world .
We earthlings are very fortunate to have launched many satelites in to space that have gone close enough to our neighbouring planets to get quite amazing photographs .
I have included below the best images of each major object in our solar system .
In order of distance from the sun :
1. The Sun
The Sun orbits the center of the Milky Way galaxy at a distance of approximately 26,000 light - years from the galactic center , completing one revolution in about 225 – 250 million years .
The orbital speed is 217 km /s ( 135 mi/s ) , equivalent to one light - year every 1,400 years , and one AU every 8 days .
It is currently travelling through the Local Fluff of the Local Bubble zone of diffuse high - temperature gas , in the inner rim of the Orion Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy , between the larger Perseus and Sagittarius arms of the galaxy .
Do n’t get sunburned !
This fiery Sun poster is a pure scorcher .
Buy a Sun Wall Poster at Amazon.com !
2. Mercury
Mercury is the smallest planet in the solar system , orbiting the Sun once every 88 days .
Physically , Mercury is similar in appearance to the Moon as it is heavily cratered .
It has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
The planet has a large iron core .
3. Venus
Venus is the second - closest planet to the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
It is the brightest natural object in the night sky , except for the Moon .
Venus reaches its maximum brightness shortly before sunrise or shortly after sunset , for which reason it is often called the Morning Star or the Evening Star .
Classified as a terrestrial planet , it is sometimes called Earth ’s “ sister planet ” , for the two are similar in size , gravity , and bulk composition .
4. Earth
Home to millions of species including humans , Earth is the only place in the universe known to harbor life .
About 71 % of the surface is covered with salt - water oceans , the remainder consisting of continents and islands ; liquid water , necessary for life as we know it , is not known to exist on any other planet ’s surface .
Earth interacts with other objects in outer space , including the Sun and the Moon .
At present , Earth orbits the Sun once for every roughly 366.26 times it rotates about its axis .
5. Mars
A terrestrial planet with a thin atmosphere , Mars has surface features reminiscent both of the impact craters of the Moon and the volcanoes , valleys , deserts and polar ice caps of Earth .
It is the site of Olympus Mons , the highest known mountain in the solar system , and of Valles Marineris , the largest canyon .
In addition to its geographical features , Mars ’ rotational period and seasonal cycles are likewise similar to those of Earth .
6. Jupiter
Jupiter is the largest planet within the solar system .
It is two and a half times as massive as all of the other planets in our solar system combined .
The plane is primarily composed of hydrogen with a small proportion of helium ; it may also have a rocky core of heavier elements .
Because of its rapid rotation the planet is an oblate spheroid .
7. Saturn
Saturn is the second largest planet in the Solar System , after Jupiter .
Along with the planets Jupiter , Uranus , and Neptune , it is classified as a gas giant .
The planet Saturn is primarily composed of hydrogen , with small proportions of helium and trace elements .
The interior consists of a small core of rock and ice , surrounded by a thick layer of metallic hydrogen and a gaseous outer layer .
It ’s the sexiest planet in the solar system , and now you can pin it to your wall .
Buy an epic Saturn Poster at Amazon.com !
8. Uranus
Uranus is third largest planet in the solar system .
It was the first planet discovered in modern times .
It is visible to the naked eye like the five classical planets , but it was never recognized as a planet by ancient observers due to its dimness .
Like the other giant planets , Uranus has a ring system , a magnetosphere , and numerous moons .
9. Neptune
Neptune is the eighth and farthest known planet from the Sun in the Solar System .
It is the fourth largest planet by diameter , and the third largest by mass ; Neptune is 17 times the mass of Earth .
Neptune ’s atmosphere is primarily composed of hydrogen and helium , with traces of methane that account for the planet ’s blue appearance .
Neptune ’s blue colour is much more vivid than that of Uranus , which has a similar amount of methane , so an unknown component is presumed to cause Neptune ’s intense colour .
10 . Pluto
I do n’t care if it was demoted recently – I grew up with it as a planet so I am including it !
This is an artists impression as we do n’t have any high resolution photos of Pluto yet .
Originally considered a planet , Pluto is now recognised as the largest member of a distinct region called the Kuiper belt .
Like other members of the belt , it is primarily composed of rock and ice and is relatively small ; approximately a fifth the mass of the Earth ’s Moon and a third its volume .
Bonus : The Moon
A Stunning Hi-Res image of Lunar , the earth ’s moon .
The color hues you see are an exaggeration – they are caused by the minerals under the surface .
Technorati Tags : planets , solar system
Obama , the Muslim Thing , And Why It Matters
He knows the stakes involved .
Pamela Geller
OpEds לבן ריק Pamela Geller
The writer is President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative ( AFDI ) , publisher of AtlasShrugs.com and author of the new book Freedom or Submission :
On the Dangers of Islamic Extremism & American Complacency , as well as The Post - American Presidency : The Obama Administration ’s War on America and Stop the Islamization of America : A Practical Guide to the Resistance .
More from the author ►
The writer is President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative ( AFDI ) , publisher of AtlasShrugs.com and author of the new book Freedom or Submission :
On the Dangers of Islamic Extremism & American Complacency , as well as The Post - American Presidency : The Obama Administration ’s War on America and Stop the Islamization of America : A Practical Guide to the Resistance .
The thing is , you can't be a leader and not know what Islam means .
The average Joe pumping gas on Route 66 - okay , not on top of the issue .
But there is no way you can be running for President and not know the hell being wreaked on the free and not - so - free world by Islamic jihad .
That said , Barack Obama went to a madrassa in Jakarta .
A madrassa in a Muslim country .
Whether he was devout or secular , he knows what was taught .
He knows what is in the Koran .
Even if he is ambiguous , he knows the stakes involved .
His father was a
Every Muslim who left Islam is very definitive about leaving and why .
Every Muslim who left Islam is very definitive about leaving and why .
Every Muslim who left Islam is very definitive about leaving and why .
They are quite vocal - Wafa Sultan , Ayaan Hirsi Ali , Walid Shoebat , Elijah Abraham , etc .
If he left Islam , Obama must have very definite thoughts about it .
He has to , he practiced Islam .
That is not benign ; it 's big .
And even if , as inferred by big media , it was not big to him , then he can still appreciate how important it is knowing what he knows about Islam and apostasy .
Obama would have had to make a decision to reject Islam .
When did he make that decision ?
How ?
Why the silence ?
Why the reluctance to talk about it ?
Apostasy is punishable by death in Islam .
Have there been calls for Obama 's death ?
If not , why not ?
Islam gives no free passes .
Obama 's posture on this is hard to define or understand , because it is a critical issue .
Transitional issues facing this nation and the world at large - the world at war , creeping sharia , the perversion of the rights of free men , individuals , women , etc. , hang in the balance on the make up of the next president of the United States .
The stakes could not be higher domestically .
On foreign policy , Europe has laid down .
The political elites have capitulated to Islamists and to multiculturalists .
Suicide .
It seems unclear that they could hold up their end even if America did the heavy lifting .
As far as Israel is concerned , if Obama makes it to the big house , Israel is screwed .
Finished .
Obama 's church and Jew - hating pastor , Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright , Jr. , makes that evident .
Israel will be on its own .
Perhaps that is necessary , though , because it seems they have relinquished their sovereignty to the US and they expect the US to guarantee their security .
Ain't never
If Obama makes it to the big house , Israel is screwed .
If Obama makes it to the big house , Israel is screwed .
The recent revelations of Obama 's ties to Raila Odinga in Kenya are disconcerting as well , because Odinga is behind the terrible violence in his country .
It was he who instigated bloody riots and killing after he lost the election .
Obama 's bias for his fellow Luo was so blatant that a Kenyan government spokesman denounced Obama during his visit as Raila 's " stooge . "
And while there are few angels in Kenya , Odinga is the source of great unrest and turmoil ; and the MOU he signed with the Muslim Council to institute sharia is a foreshadowing of a dark fate for Kenya .
( A Jacksonian picked up on my previous post on this and wrote a lengthy , well - researched piece on the politics and back story on Odinga . )
Just how quickly will Kenya go Islamic ?
We must be allowed to ask these questions .
I do not embrace change for the sake of change - the impossible new buzzword on the campaign trail .
Jimmy Carter was the dark horse , the new unknown , and he was an unmitigated disaster .
The worst , most damaging president in US history , in my opinion .
This could be even worse .
And so , I implore my fellow Americans to question , question , question .
The potential damage to this country is incalculable .
These are dangerous times , my friends ; reckless and capricious intellectual laziness will have disastrous consequences .
The emes .
top
Original photo of the Tianamen Square protest in Beijing ( left ) and the doctored photo of the event , with a crowd added ( right ) .
In 2003 , Los Angeles Times photographer Brian Walski caused an uproar when it was discovered that his picture of a British soldier yelling at fleeing residents in Iraq , published prominently by many U.S. newspapers , had been altered .
Walski had combined two snapshots taken moments apart of the British soldier urging residents to take cover as Iraqi forces opened fire .
This digital alteration is one of several in recent years to cast doubt on the old saying that the camera does n't lie .
Some researchers are worried that digitally altered photos could alter our perceptions and memories of public events .
To test what effect doctored photos might have , researchers from the University of California , Irvine , and the University of Padua in Italy showed 299 people aged 19 to 84 either an actual photo or an altered photo of two historical events , the 1989 Tiananmen Square protest in Beijing and the 2003 anti-war protest in Rome .
The original Tiananmen Square image was altered to show a crowd watching at the sidelines as a lone man stands in front of a row of tanks .
The Rome anti-war protest photograph was altered to show riot police and a menacing , masked protester among the crowd of demonstrators .
When answering questions about the events , the participants had differing recollections of what happened .
Those who viewed the altered images of the Rome protest recalled the demonstration as violent and negative and recollected more physical confrontation and property damage than actually occurred .
Participants who viewed the doctored photos also said they were less inclined to take part in future protests , according to the study , detailed in the journal Applied Cognitive Psychology .
" It ’s potentially a form of human engineering that could be applied to us against our knowledge and against our wishes , and we ought to be vigilant about it , " said UC Irvine psychologist Elizabeth Loftus , who designed the study .
" With the addition of a few little upsetting and arousing elements in the Rome protest photo , people remembered this peaceful protest as being more violent than it was , and as a society we have to figure how we can regulate this . "
Journal Friends Archive Profile Memories Chalain Feb. 1st , 2008 08:28 pm Turtles !
Sometimes smart answers produce dumb code .
I wrote Reg an e-mail about the Object #if_not_nil misunderstanding , and while discussing it I pointed out that his Object # andand code only works one level down .
This code would work :
puts Store.find (...) .
andand.location but this code would not :
puts Store.find (...).andand.city.name If Store.find ( ) returns nil , andand will catch it , but city will then be nil and city .
name will raise a NoMethodErorr in NilClass .
Obviously , we could add andand's to each level of the chain , but for long chains this becomes almost perverse : puts Store.find (...) .andand.city.andand.region.andand.country.andand.name
It seems to me that we need some way to arrange things so that if , when traversing a guarded chain , and you hit a guarded link that returns nil , if you continue traversing the chain , you will still be guarded .
Invoking a method on a nil object returns a nil object , and invoking a method on that nil object returns another nil object , and so on and so on .
It 's turtles all the way down !
And so it was that I wrote the Turtles module .
Turtles works very much like Reg 's Object#andand , only it is somewhat more convenient , considerably more dangerous , and altogether more absurd .
You alert the reader that you are doing operations with turtles simply by placing code in a with_turtles block :
with_turtles do puts Store.find (...) .location puts Store.find (...).city.name puts Store.find(...).city.region.country.name end or inline :
with_turtles { puts Store.find (...) .location } Turtles is also smart enough to handle blocks without freaking out :
>> arr = [ 1,2,3 ] >>
x = with_turtles { arr.collect { |f| f * 2 } } => [ 2 , 4 , 6 ] >> arr = nil >>
x = with_turtles { arr.collect { |f| f * 2 } } => nil
The thing I love best about turtles mode is that you can turn on turtles for your entire application :
turtles !
puts Store.find(...).city.region.country.name and you can turn turtles mode back off with the equally appropriately - named no_turtles !
command :
no_turtles !
Now , defenders of Reg 's code might point out that with_turtles is not , in fact more convenient than andand but on a character - by - character basis I think you will find that with_turtles is the clear winner if the chains are longer than 1 level deep .
But I do n't think too many people will disagree with me that the global turtles !
mode is as considerably more dangerous as advertised .
The best thing about this code is ... well , there are two best parts .
The first best part is that now you can cobble together expressions that chain together every single object in your system , safe in the knowledge that the turtles are watching over you even as your entire application becomes a single , monolithic mass of fused code .
And the second best part , and really , this is the better best part , is getting to start your programs like this :
#!/usr / bin/env ruby -w turtles !
I mean seriously .
turtles !
What is not to love ?!?
turtles.rb
turtles_spec.rb Current Mood : silly
Current Music : Living in a Bubble - Eiffel 65
20 comments - Leave a comment From : chalain Date : February 2nd , 2008 04:16 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) again .
Also , this is the best code I think I have ever written in my life :
no_turtles !
unless already_turtles P.S. HAHAHA !
Random music selection FTWAlso , this is the best code I think I have ever written in my life : Reply ) ( Thread From : jfargo Date : February 2nd , 2008 04:47 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
The layman 's reaction :
" I like turtles ! " Reply ) ( Thread From : bibliophage Date : February 2nd , 2008 06:24 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
Do n't you mean tortoises , since you 're not talking about a functioning involving aquatic behavior ?
if pond , then turtles , else tortoises ?
Reply ) ( Thread From : darthparadox Date : February 2nd , 2008 06:37 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
There may be a pond at the bottom , or maybe not .
We do n't know ; it 's turtles all the way down .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread ( no subject ) - ( Anonymous ) From : chalain Date : February 2nd , 2008 06:47 pm ( UTC ) Re :
What 's not to like ?
( Link )
I do n't know what the Kitties module does , but it exposes two methods :
1. omg !( obj ) which takes a Kitties object as its argument and exits the program , and
2. kitties !( ) which takes no arguments and returns a Kitties object .
Remember that Ruby makes parentheses optional .
This means that you can now exit a script at any time by calling
omg ! kitties !
HAHAHA !
Just last night I was talking with Vornicus about this .
I do n't know what the Kitties module does , but it exposes two methods : 1. omg !( obj ) which takes a Kitties object as its argument and exits the program , and 2. kitties !( ) which takes no arguments and returns a Kitties object .
Remember that Ruby makes parentheses optional .
This means that you can now exit a script at any time by calling Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread ( no subject ) - ( Anonymous ) From : chalain Date : February 3rd , 2008 10:48 pm ( UTC ) Re : Bwaha !
( Link )
Yeah , I 've been rolling around the idea for NilFoos objects for a while , even since I read about Ron Jeffries doing some agile project in Java where they had a Null version of every important class .
So if you searched for a User , you either got a User or a NullUser object .
Either way you were guaranteed that you would get back an object that acted like a user .
NullUser did things like respond to name with " " , etc .
turtles ! is more sort of a " the logical conclusion is absurdity " thing , but a few people are taking it seriously -- and I am tempted to make a gem and / or a plugin out of it .
If I can keep a straight face , I may be able to turn this humor into a practical joke ....
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : ( Anonymous ) Date : February 3rd , 2008 06:46 pm ( UTC ) Exceptions ( Link )
In with_turtles , should n't no_turtles !
be in the ensure clause of the method ?
As it is , turtles are not reset when the block yielded to raises an exception .
Reply ) ( Thread From : chalain Date : February 3rd , 2008 10:36 pm ( UTC ) Re : Exceptions ( Link ) Brilliant !
I 've added a spec for it , and coded it up .
Thanks !
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : ext_83411 Date : February 4th , 2008 05:39 pm ( UTC ) Demeter ( Link )
This strikes me as spackle over a more serious issue .
The turtled objects seem to have too much knowledge about methods more than a single step down the Demeter chain .
Sounds like it might be useful when writing a unit - testing framework around legacy code , but otherwise I 'd steer clear .
Neat trick though !
Reply ) ( Thread From : chalain Date : February 4th , 2008 06:56 pm ( UTC ) Re : Demeter ( Link )
I can't decide if I am tickled or horrified that so many people are taking this code seriously .
It IS a neat trick , and it may even have its place .
If I ever used this code , however , it would mean :
1 . That the code blatantly violated the Law of Demeter .
2 . That I was not in a position to refactor the LoD violation away .
3 . That I did n't care enough about the project to fix it .
I direct your attention to the first sentence of the post .
This is dumb code !
Sure , Bobby Fischer once said , " There may not be a good move , but there is always a best move , " and I can see that there might be times when turtles would be the best code you could use , but as I think about it they all fit into the 3 conditions I described above .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : marnen Date : March 24th , 2009 04:00 pm ( UTC ) Re : Demeter ( Link )
Sorry for such a late comment , but I 'm not sure I agree with your statement that null - guarding always implies a Demeter violation .
I 'd like to understand this better , but I do n't at the moment .
Here 's an example of a real case where I 'm not sure there is a Demeter violation , or at least not a significant one .
( I should preface this by saying that while I 'm extremely dedicated to the best object modeling possible , I 'm somewhat skeptical about the Law of Demeter -- I think it may be needlessly restrictive in some cases . )
The issue in question arose in implementing an instance method that should do some operations on a String - or - nil field of self ( so I 'm not playing with anyone else 's toys here ) .
Namely , it should return the lowercase String , or nil if the field is nil .
In other words , we have something like class User def do_stuff @name .
downcase end end Presumably this is playing with myself , and so not a Demeter violation .
Now , if this is simply playing with myself , why is it suddenly a Demeter violation if we replace line 3 with self.name.check_for_nil!.downcase ?
Am I taking too much apart ?
That seems arbitrary -- after all , it 's not too much of a stretch of the imagination to think of defining NilClass # downcase as returning nil .
I guess what I 'm asking is : if you think this is a Demeter violation , what would you do differently here ?
I suppose I could create a method User#name_in_lowercase , but that seems really ugly and not particularly scalable ( I might need #address_in_lowercase , #name_in_uppercase , #name_with_html_escaped_in_title_case ...y ou see where I 'm going with this ) .
I 'm obviously missing some key concept here , but I 'm not sure what that concept is .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : marnen Date : March 24th , 2009 04:37 pm ( UTC ) Re : Demeter ( Link )
In short , the C2 article suggests that the LoD may be better understood as a question of semantics than syntax , which I take to mean that my original example is arguably within the spirit , if not the letter , of Demeter , and thus I think my point about nil - guarding stands .
But so many people seem to
I 'm not trying to be antagonistic .
I just genuinely do n't know if I 'm guilty of insufficient insight , or if " strong Demeter " advocates like yourself are guilty of cargo - cult programming .
Or both .
Or neither . :)
FWIW , see https://c2.com/cgi/wiki?LawOfDemeterRevisited for mostly similar arguments to mine , with some possible answers of how these views may be reconciled with LoD .
( I did n't discover this page till after I wrote my first comment . )
In short , the C2 article suggests that the LoD may be better understood as a question of semantics than syntax , which I take to mean that my original example is arguably within the spirit , if not the letter , of Demeter , and thus I think my point about nil - guarding stands .
But so many people seem to hate nil - guarding that I would really like to understand what the big deal is here .
I 'm not trying to be antagonistic .
I just genuinely do n't know if I 'm guilty of insufficient insight , or if " strong Demeter " advocates like yourself are guilty of cargo - cult programming .
Or both .
Or neither . :)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : chalain Date : March 24th , 2009 06:35 pm ( UTC ) Re : Demeter ( Link ) Ahhh ... yes .
Okay , yes , I have unintentionally conflated Demeter violations with nil guarding in my writing .
I have absolutely no problem with nil guarding .
We use Reg Braithewaite 's wonderful andand library in our production code .
I think maybe someone could make the argument that @name .
downcase is a LoD violation because Matz might change the definition of String , or because you might change the @name variable from a String to a Name object .
I that this someone needs to be slapped with a ruler .
It only becomes an egregious LoD violation when I nil guard five layers deep . :-)
The opponents of nil guarding want you to always have valid objects .
This is easily accomplished in your case : just initialize @name to " " .
It 's just as empty ( to the user 's perception ) as nil and you can downcase it without guarding .
The problem comes when you try to build up that awful chain I wrote , of contact.city.state.country.name .
The solution these guys come up with there is to initialize each object in the chain to an empty object .
But coming up with a NullCity and a NullState ( which would respond to all of City and State 's methods ) is pretty tricky and repetetive , so they end up writing a generic NullObject class .
It responds to all methods by returning another NullObject .
Yay , that 's great !
They 've avoided null guarding , right ?
No they have n't .
They 've just hidden that null in the object model .
They have an entire object system devoted to what our friend andand does for us .
As for cargo cult programming vs. sufficient insight .
When you have done a major system refactor and had to tease apart a Demeter violation in 77 places throughout the code , then you will have sufficient insight .
I have done this , and now I tend to favor Demeter .
If have done a major refactor like this , I will respect your opinion regardless of what decision you make . :-)
I do n't think I 'm a cargo cult programmer , but then again , nobody ever does , so ... maybe ?
I will say that I generally favor of Demeter but not rabid about it .
I will violate it from time to time , and every time I do I can see exactly how it places strain on the design in unpleasant ways .
I 'll use a LoD violation if it will get the job done most effectively , such as when we just do n't have the time to split up that big class that has too many responsibilities .
So I dunno , I think I 'm less culty than pragmatic . :-)
I do tell programmers who do n't know the difference to not violate it , and I may be guilty of spawing cargo culting there if they never try to figure out why .
But there also seems to be a strong counter - Demeter sentiment out there that I just can't explain .
I have n't heard a good argument for why the LoD is supposed to be such a bad idea , other than people reacting to the part where it says " Law " .
There 's something in the hacker spirit that objects to that sort of thing , I guess .
It 's not the kind of law that says " thou shalt not do this " .
It 's more like the law of gravity : if you do this , your program will exhibit lower modularity and higher coupling .
Cargo culters would say " we must never do that ! " but I say " Eh , sometimes that 's the right choice . "
So yeah , in short : I think Demeter is a good idea , I 'm comfortable with null guarding , and I really really like cheese .
Sorry , I sort of needed a third thing there to round out the triad .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : chalain Date : March 24th , 2009 06:00 pm ( UTC ) Re : Demeter ( Link ) Hi Marnen !
I think you 're right , that 's not really a Demeter violation .
You 're only ever playing with your own toys there .
The way you make this a Demeter violation is to start grabbing other children 's toys .
If you want to print the User 's country name and the User has a Contact , Contact belongs to City , City belongs to State , State belongs to Country and Country has a name ( so we 're talking about 5 different classes here ) :
def country_name
with_turtles { @contact.city.state.country.name }
end
This code definitely makes Demeter sob in a corner .
And I have n't even thrown the .downcase on the end yet . :-)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : marnen Date : March 24th , 2009 06:19 pm ( UTC ) Re : Demeter ( Link )
It 's stuff like your country_name example , though , that makes me wonder about the utility of the Law of Demeter outside the Demeter project .
I would probably delegate several of these methods , but I do n't really think I could justify telescoping any further than @contact .
country.to_s : after all , what if a User 's Contacts belong to different countries ?
( And if they do n't have the potential to belong to different countries , then
How would you improve country_name ?
Would you improve it ?
Where would you consider the Demeter violations to lie ?
Or is Demeter just fundamentally incompatible with literate / fluent interfaces ( which typically do lots of utility method chaining ) ?
My understanding is that Demeter got around the problem of excessive delegation partly by including some automated tools , but I 'm still not convinced that such things really attack the issue at hand .
( For that matter , Rails has Forwardable , about which I think the same objection can be made . )
So anyway ... I think I still take issue with your statement that nil - guarding is always non-Demetrian ( is that a word ? ) , and that it is ipso facto bad because of that .
I just do n't see how to write real - world code while avoiding both nil - guarding and excessive delegation .
If there is a pattern here I 'm overlooking , please feel free to whack me with a clue - by - four !
Interesting .
So I wonder why Demetrians tend to be the ones who hate nil - guarding so much .
It 's stuff like your country_name example , though , that makes me wonder about the utility of the Law of Demeter outside the Demeter project .
I would probably delegate several of these methods , but I do n't really think I could justify telescoping any further than @contact .
country.to_s : after all , what if a User 's Contacts belong to different countries ?
( And if they do n't have the potential to belong to different countries , then #country should be in User , not Contact ! )
How would you improve country_name ?
Would you improve it ?
Where would you consider the Demeter violations to lie ?
Or is Demeter just fundamentally incompatible with literate / fluent interfaces ( which typically do lots of utility method chaining ) ?
My understanding is that Demeter got around the problem of excessive delegation partly by including some automated tools , but I 'm still not convinced that such things really attack the issue at hand .
( For that matter , Rails has Forwardable , about which I think the same objection can be made . )
So anyway ... I think I still take issue with your statement that nil - guarding is always non-Demetrian ( is that a word ? ) , and that it isbad because of that .
I just do n't see how to write real - world code while avoiding both nil - guarding and excessive delegation .
If there is a pattern here I 'm overlooking , please feel free to whack me with a clue - by - four !
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : chalain Date : March 24th , 2009 07:03 pm ( UTC ) Re : Demeter ( Link )
So anyway ... I think I still take issue with your statement that nil - guarding is always non-Demetrian ( is that a word ? ) , and that it is ipso facto bad because of that .
You should take issue with it , because I agree with you .
I do n't think I actually made that statement .
If I implied it , I did not I meant to . :-)
I just do n't see how to write real - world code while avoiding both nil - guarding and excessive delegation .
Welcome to the rest of your programming career !
These any many other variables will play in constant tension against one another .
Choosing to violate the Law of Demeter will shift the values of many of these variables , and it will be your job to decide what the best overall state of the program should be .
If there is a pattern here I 'm overlooking , please feel free to whack me with a clue - by - four !
Heh .
Actually , the fact that you 're asking these kinds of questions means that you 're about to level as a programmer .
( Make sure you have all your leveling gear on before your next grind . )
The epiphany that 's coming at your head full steam right now is strategy versus tactics .
Delegation vs. Proxying , Nil - guarding vs. RAI *... these are not good vs. evil choices so much as " appropriate to the situation " vs. " not " .
And the answer to " how to fix the Contact example " question lies in strategy .
Tactics wo n't work .
There is no trick I can do in the code to make such a staggeringly stupid design work .
So let 's fix the design :
User has a Contact , Contact has City , State , and Country .
We 've flattened out the City -> State and State -> Country relationship for now , but that 's the DBA 's problem , not ours . :-)
Now I would just use @contact.country.name
And yes , I just broke the law of Demeter there a little bit , but I 'm okay with it .
Now , if this code were part of a larger block of code that was ALL playing with Contact 's toys , like
def mailing_address
str << =EOS
#{@contact.first _name} #{@contact.last _name}
#{@contact.address1 }
#{@contact.address2 }
#{@contact.city } , #{@contact.state.abbrev } #{@contact.zip } #{@contact.country.name }
EOS
end
Then I think it 's pretty clear that this method is totally living in the wrong place .
It should be moved to contact .
You could keep User#mailing_address if you really wanted , and just have it forward to contact , but to be honest I 'd be tempted to just use @user.contact.mailing_address unless I had a good reason .
So ... yeah .
I 'm a lot more likely to violate LoD if it 's just ONE layer .
I 'll play with my friend 's toys .
Just not my friend 's friend 's toys ....
* RAI : " Resource Allocation is Initialization " is a programming design in which you never ever have invalid objects .
If you create a City object , and do not initialize it , it will still know enough to return a valid ( but empty ) string when you ask its name , and a 0 when you ask its population .
When practiced in moderation it looks a lot like defensive programming .
When practiced in extremes it becomes as clunky and unwieldy as extreme LoD .
( For example , Person . bloodtype MUST return one of A , B , AB or O .
What blood type should an uninitialized person have ?
Say you pick O .
If you ever write a bug that accidentally admits uninitialized Person objects into the report , you 've just silently overrepresented blood type O , and you have violated the law of Fail Early And Fail Loud . )
So again , it 's just another design choice that results in a tradeoff .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : marnen Date : March 24th , 2009 08:31 pm ( UTC ) Re : Demeter ( Link )
You wrote :
If I implied it , I did not I meant to . :-)
Ah , OK .
I was going from your statement " if I ever used [ Turtles ] , it would mean I was violating LoD " .
Heh .
Actually , the fact that you 're asking these kinds of questions means that you 're about to level as a programmer .
( Make sure you have all your leveling gear on before your next grind . )
Glad to hear you say that .
Working with Ruby and Rails , as well as hanging around Ward 's Wiki , has made me think harder about many things .
The epiphany that 's coming at your head full steam right now is strategy versus tactics .
I 'm not sure it's an epiphany so much as a continuous process -- I was trained as a composer , not a programmer , and so one of the things that I 'm very aware of is that there 's another level beyond theory .
But especially since I 'm self - taught as a programmer , it 's always nice to have some confirmation that I 'm at least asking the right questions . :)
Anyway , thanks for your comprehensive explanation .
It looks like , at least in practice , I 've been approaching these issues more or less the way you recommend .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : marnen Date : March 24th , 2009 06:41 pm ( UTC ) More Demeter ramblings ( Link )
class User { Contact contact ; String getCountryName ( ) { return this.contact.getCity ().getState().getCountry ( ) .getName( ) } } class Contact { City getCity ( ) ; } // likewise for State and Country
... and the Ruby example you gave .
They look similar , but really they 're not , because of Java and Ruby 's different semantics for typing and method invocation .
The Java example really does have to know too much about every step of the chain : it is explicitly asserting that Contact.getCity ( ) will return a State , that State.getCountry ( ) will return a Country , and that Country.getName ( ) will return a String .
The Ruby example , however , is asserting no such thing .
It is simply asserting that each step in the chain will not raise MethodNotFound -- for all the caller knows , there might be some code somewhere that says
class << @contact.city def method_missing ( * args ) return self end end
and yet the trainwreck would still work .
In other words , I think there 's a case to be made that method chaining in a message - passing , duck - typed language like Ruby implies a lot less coupling than in a function - calling , strongly - typed language like Java , and so Law of Demeter ( which was first formulated in C++ , right ? ) may need modification for Ruby .
Your thoughts ?
Another thought occurs to me .
Is LoD really necessary in a duck - typed language like Ruby ?
Consider the conceptual differences between this Java code : ... and the Ruby example you gave .
They look similar , but really they 're not , because of Java and Ruby 's different semantics for typing and method invocation .
The Java example really does have to know too much about every step of the chain : it is explicitly asserting that Contact.getCity ( ) will return a State , that State.getCountry ( ) will return a Country , and that Country.getName ( ) will return a String .
The Ruby example , however , is asserting no such thing .
It is simply asserting that each step in the chain will not raise MethodNotFound -- for all the caller knows , there might be some code somewhere that saysand yet the trainwreck would still work .
In other words , I think there 's a case to be made that method chaining in a message - passing , duck - typed language like Ruby implies a lot less coupling than in a function - calling , strongly - typed language like Java , and so Law of Demeter ( which was first formulated in C++ , right ? ) may need modification for Ruby .
Your thoughts ?
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : chalain Date : March 24th , 2009 07:19 pm ( UTC ) Re : More Demeter ramblings ( Link )
Hmm ... oh , wow .
Okay , I think maybe it 's actually a " reverse feature " .
It does n't really relieve you of the implications of coupling , it just makes it harder to feel the symptoms .
I think this might be a dangerous thing . :-)
So let 's say we flattened Contact to have City , State and Country .
Now we have to find all the code that uses city.state.country.name and change it .
The Java code will break because it no longer compiles .
The Ruby code will break because your tests / specs / features wo n't run .
( TATFT , baby ! )
Ultimately , the pain of a LoD violation comes when you change the interface of a class somewhere in the chain .
In the case of flattening contact , you can see that it breaks code in both languages .
The Ruby code does the same thing the Java code does , really :
Java : getCity ( ) returns a State object , which has a getCountry ( ) method
Ruby : city returns a State object , which responds to : country
But if city suddenly returns a String because the state has been moved to Contact
Now go hunt down the 77 other places in your code where you call contact.city .
state and change them .
Your code wo n't run until you do .
Oh , and do n't miss the places that do it this way :
c = user.city c.state
Welcome to coupling hell . :-)
Hmm ... okay , my first reaction is " no way " , but I 'm not sure why .
Just take my word for it , kid , and stack the crates higher on the north side of the runway .
Hmm ... oh , wow .
Okay , I think maybe it 's actually a " reverse feature " .
It does n't really relieve you of the implications of coupling , it just makes it harder to feel the symptoms .
I think this might be a dangerous thing .
:-)
So let 's say we flattened Contact to have City , State and Country .
Now we have to find all the code that uses city.state.country.name and change it .
The Java code will break because it no longer compiles .
The Ruby code will break because your tests / specs / features wo n't run .
( TATFT , baby ! )
Ultimately , the pain of a LoD violation comes when you change the interface of a class somewhere in the chain .
In the case of flattening contact , you can see that it breaks code in both languages .
The Ruby code does the same thing the Java code does , really : Java : getCity ( ) returns a State object , which has a getCountry ( ) methodRuby : city returns a State object , which responds to : countryBut if city suddenly returns a String because the state has been moved to Contact # state , your code breaks , no matter what language you 're in .
Now go hunt down the 77 other places in your code where you call contact.city .
state and change them .
Your code wo n't run until you do .
Oh , and do n't miss the places that do it this way : Welcome to coupling hell .
:-)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : marnen Date : March 24th , 2009 08:33 pm ( UTC ) Re : More Demeter ramblings ( Link )
Hmm .
So perhaps duck - typing violates fail - fast ?
There are some amusing examples on Ward 's wiki about Spraypaint.spray versus Cat.spray ...
Fair enough .
I think I was asking more of a devil 's - advocate sort of question than anything I 'd actually do .
( Although I still disagree with your statement that the Ruby #state method asserts that it returns a State object . )
Yes , the code would still break , at least in most cases .
Hmm .
So perhaps duck - typing violates fail - fast ?
There are some amusing examples on Ward 's wiki about Spraypaint.spray versus Cat.spray ...
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread
The 62 million year fossil diversity cycle is most evident in the historical records of genera that survived less than 45 million years .
A genera is a group of similar species .
Curiously , some organisms seem immune to the cycle .
Corals , sponges and trilobites follow the cycle , while fish , squid and snails do not .
The rise and fall of species on Earth might be driven in part by the undulating motions of our solar system as it travels through the disk of the Milky Way , scientists say .
Two years ago , scientists at the University of California , Berkeley found the marine fossil record shows that biodiversity - the number of different species alive on the planet - increases and decreases on a 62 - million - year cycle .
At least two of the Earth 's great mass extinctions - the Permian extinction 250 million years ago and the Ordovician extinction about 450 million years ago - correspond with peaks of this cycle , which can't be explained by evolutionary theory .
Now , a team of researchers at the University of Kansas ( KU ) have come up with an out - of - this - world explanation .
Their idea hinges upon the fact that , appearances aside , stars are not fixed in space .
They move around , sometimes rushing headlong through galaxies , or approaching close enough to one another for brief cosmic trysts .
In particular , our Sun moves toward and away from the Milky Way 's center , and also up and down through the galactic plane .
One complete up - and - down cycle takes 64 million years - suspiciously similar to Earth 's biodiversity cycle .
Galactic bow shock
The KU researchers independently confirmed the biodiversity cycle and have proposed a novel mechanism by which the Sun 's galactic travels is causing it .
Scientists know the Milky Way is being gravitationally pulled toward a massive cluster of galaxies , called the Virgo Cluster , located about 50 million light years away .
Adrian Melott and his colleague Mikhail Medvedev , both KU researchers , speculate that as the Milky Way hurdles towards the Virgo Cluster , it generates a so - called bow shock in front of it that is similar to the shock wave created by a supersonic jet .
" Our solar system has a shock wave around it , and it produces a good quantity of the cosmic rays that hit the Earth .
Why should n't the galaxy have a shock wave , too ? "
Melott said .
The galactic bow shock is only present on the north side of the Milky Way 's galactic plane , because that is the side facing the Virgo Cluster as it moves through space , and it would cause superheated gas and cosmic rays to stream behind it , the researchers say .
Normally , our galaxy 's magnetic field shields our solar system from this " galactic wind . "
But every 64 million years , the solar system 's cyclical travels take it above the galactic plane .
" When we emerge out of the disk , we have less protection , so we become exposed to many more cosmic rays , " Melott told SPACE.com .
How cosmic rays affect life
The boost in cosmic - ray exposure could have both a direct and indirect effect on Earth 's organisms , said KU paleontologist Bruce Lieberman .
The radiation could lead to higher rates of genetic mutations in organisms or interfere with their ability to repair DNA damage , potentially leading to diseases like cancer .
Cosmic rays are also associated with increased cloud cover , which could cool the planet by blocking out more of the Sun 's rays .
They also interact with molecules in the atmosphere to create nitrogen oxide , a gas that eats away at our planet 's ozone layer , which protects us from the Sun 's harmful ultraviolet rays .
Richard Muller , one of the UC Berkeley physicists who co-discovered the cycle , said Melott and his colleagues have come up with a plausible galactic explanation for the biodiversity cycle .
Muller and Robert Rohde also speculated that our solar system 's movement through the galactic plane was behind the cycle , but the pair could not conceive of any reason why conditions on the north and south side of the galactic plane should differ .
" That 's where they succeeded , " Muller said in a telephone interview .
" They came up with something we did n't think of , which puts an asymmetry in .
I 'm delighted they did that and I congratulate them . "
A first - step hypothesis
Richard Bambach , a paleontologist at the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History who was not involved in the study , said he is excited the biodiversity cycle has been independently confirmed , but cautions the galactic hypothesis is still in the early stages of formulation .
" It 's a first - step hypothesis , " Bambach said .
" It 's an interesting idea , but we 're a long way from knowing if that is really why biodiversity changes . "
For one thing , scientists have yet to discover a bow shock around the Milky Way , though such shock waves have been found around other galaxies .
" I think it 's a very nice idea , " said Philip Appleton , a Caltech astronomer .
" I think we 're only beginning to come to grips with these kinds of behaviors .
We 're realizing that not only do galaxies interact with each other gravitationally , but also that the environment they 're traveling through - the ' wind ' they create - can actually produce noticeable effects . "
Last year , Appleton and his team discovered a bow shock surrounding a galaxy in Stephan 's Quintet , a galactic cluster located 300 million light years away .
The shock wave is traveling about 620 miles ( 1,000 km ) per second relative to the cluster .
The Milky Way is hurtling toward the Virgo Cluster at about 125 miles ( 200 km ) per second , so any bow shock it generates would consequently be weaker , Appleton said .
If future studies confirm the galaxy - biodiversity link , it would force scientists to broaden their ideas about what can influence life on Earth .
" Maybe it 's not just the climate and the tectonic events on Earth , " Lieberman said .
" Maybe we have to start thinking more about the extraterrestrial environment as well . "
There are many things that annoy us about science fiction : godlike beings , lazy time - travel paradoxes , actions that do n't have consequences ... but luckily , there 's one thing that epitomizes all of them : the reset button .
Whenever the unthinkable happens , you can be pretty sure science fiction will unthink it .
Click through for the many evils of the reset button .
Advertisement
Here are the main types of annoying reset buttons in science fiction :
The temporal paradox .
Someone starts diddling the time - space continuum , and just by coincidence , suddenly all sorts of appalling things happen .
The two best examples of this are the Star Trek : Voyager episode " Year In Hell Part 2 " and the Doctor Who episode " Last of the Time Lords . "
In the Trek episode , the starship Voyager is destroyed , only to be restored when a " time - ship " that has been altering history is wrecked .
In Doctor Who , Earth 's population is nearing " terminal extinction , " until the Doctor destroys a " paradox machine " that his arch enemy the Master built .
Once that 's done , time rolls back a whole year , undoing all the Master 's horrible deeds , while David Tennant makes some awful yay - faces :
The godlike being .
In the Marvel Comics series Secret Wars , a bunch of Marvel heroes are transported to another planet , called Battleworld , where the only thing to do is merengue .
No , wait , I mean fight .
And in the penultimate issue , every single Marvel hero ... dies !
For reals !
You see Mr. Fantastic 's intestines stretching out all over the place , and Spider - man is all splatted .
( Okay , it 's not really that graphic . )
But then the Beyonder takes back his amazing godlike power from Dr. Doom , who 's stolen it , and in the process all the heroes are restored to life .
( Several times , in the case of Captain America . )
Truly , a mighty resurrection .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
There 's also the Star Trek ( again ) episode " Shore Leave , " where McCoy dies , once and for all ... until the magic shore leave planet fixes him up , good as new .
Advertisement
It was all a ( virtual reality ) dream .
It 's the " Bobby Ewing in the shower " version of science fiction .
In the Star Trek : Enterprise episode , " Vanishing Point , " Hoshi gets caught up in a transporter accident , and spends the whole episode dealing with strange illogical events and her crewmates act more and more out of character .
And then she finds out that nasty aliens are planning to blow up the ship !
Oh noes !
But then she finds out the whole thing was just a dream she had during the few seconds the transporter was reassembling her .
I also feel like we 're told Trinity is doomed doomed doomed in Matrix : Reloaded , and then she 's not ... because Neo is teh extra awesome , and he can bend the laws of physics in the virtual world .
I tried really , really hard to come up with non-Star Trek examples of the reset button , but it was difficult .
Sadly , there 's a reason why Star Trek is so closely associated with this particular plot device .
It 's part of the essential conservatism of Trek , which sticks to the DNA of old - school television ( putting the toys back neatly ) , with the possible exception of Deep Space Nine .
It 's the kind of sloppy writing and lack of consequences that gives science fiction a bad name among casual viewers .
Advertisement
Most of all , though , we hate the reset button because we envy it — it would be so awesome to have one in real life .
It would come in handy in so many situations , to undo all kinds of horrible events , from the death of a loved one to that thing you really did n't mean to say in a business meeting .
And yet watching someone wield the reset button is n't fun escapism , it 's just annoying .
Unlike , say , the transporter , which would be awesome in real life and is also fun to watch .
The government announced Friday that the cost of food had gone up yet again .
This came as no revelation to Bruce Newton , a single father of two children .
As he wheeled a cart full of groceries out of a Stop & Shop supermarket in Bloomfield , N.J. , on Thursday night , Mr. Newton complained that the price of chicken had become “ outrageous , ” and eggs were so costly his mother sent him from store to store hunting for the cheapest ones .
Essential breakfast items like milk , cereal and orange juice have become “ so expensive , but what are you going to do ? ”
Mr. Newton ’s pain is being felt in grocery checkout aisles across the country .
Government figures released Friday showed that grocery costs had jumped 5.1 percent in 12 months , the latest in a string of increases .
In fact , the nation is undergoing its worst grocery inflation since the early 1990s .
With a few exceptions , nearly every grocery category measured by the Labor Department , which compiles the official inflation numbers , has increased in the last year .
Milk is up 17 percent , as are dried beans , peas and lentils .
Cheese is up 15 percent , rice and pasta 13 percent , and bread 12 percent .
The difference between what consumers are offered by each of the major fuel companies is marginal .
Depending on your opinion , this is either a sign of a fiercely competitive market or one in which there is little competition .
It 's probably the latter .
The question of whether consumers are able to exercise informed choice is also a concern .
The evidence suggests that a significant number of people switching companies end up with a worse deal , suggesting that the market may not be working as well as it should .
These , and other worries , need to be thoroughly looked into .
Yesterday 's announcement by Ofgem betrayed a slightly begrudging willingness to investigate but , if this inquiry is to be worthwhile , it must be full and thorough , not merely a justification of the regulator 's previous position .
Across the whole economy , consumers are becoming more demanding .
Over the past year we have seen a whole host of examples of consumer power – whether vegetarians complaining about Mars Bars not being properly vegetarian ; or real ale campaigners in Sussex ; or the NUS campaigning on student overdraft changes with the help of the internet networking site Facebook .
Above all , we 're seeing many hundreds of thousands of customers standing up to their banks over charges .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The key thing is n't just that consumers are becoming more assertive , but that they are acting together to put pressure on businesses .
It 's the concerted nature of consumer action that 's starting to keep chief executives awake at night .
You only have to look at various review websites – from holidays to restaurants – to see how people are exchanging their stories these days .
Consumers , who were previously seen as concerned only about themselves , are , in fact , worrying about others .
So it is no longer just about an organisation sending an individual an apology and a bunch of flowers when things go wrong ; it is about a change of policy across the board , so that problems are sorted out for good .
Consumer power is set to rise .
In April we will see the introduction of a law called the " duty not to trade unfairly " , which potentially will put real power into consumers ' hands .
Where companies are behaving unfairly , for example by misleading consumers about products they are selling , local trading standards officials will be able to take legal action .
So , we 'll see a powerful combination of people talking to each other about their experiences of good and bad business , concerted consumer campaigns against some firms , and fines for those who behave unfairly .
This is n't about being anti-business .
At the National Consumer Council , we want the good guys to make good profits and the bad guys to lose out .
The challenge is to create markets where companies are fighting for consumer attention , which in turn leads to efficiency and innovation .
The days when British consumers were reluctant to say boo to a goose are gone – but sometimes they need the help of regulators to make markets work properly , and this is what Ofgem is wisely doing .
The author is the acting chief executive of the National Consumer Council
Click here to have your say
Me too !
Well until a couple weeks ago I would have had to take some shrooms and imagine up some images of gold atoms .
Not anymore .
Where these two gold crystals meet they are joined by a complex arrangement of atoms , forming a nanobridge that accommodates their different orientations .
The atoms are 2.3 angstroms apart .
TEAM 0.5 's unprecedented signal - to - noise ratio makes it possible to distinguish individual atoms and , at the edges of the two crystals , deduce their position in three dimensions .
Thanks Science !
What wonderful machine done brought us these fine images ?
This beast .
TEAM 0.5 , the world ’s most powerful transmission electron microscope — capable of producing images with half - angstrom resolution ( half a ten - billionth of a meter ) , less than the diameter of a single hydrogen atom also known as really freaking small — has been installed at the Department of Energy ’s National Center for Electron Microscopy ( NCEM ) at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
These guys do n’t just look at stuff that is small , they run the operation like the it is some sort of battle ship , or space ship .
“ We have beam down the column , ” announced Uli Dahmen of Berkeley Lab ’s Materials Sciences Division , when the TEAM 0.5 microscope first delivered its ultrabright electron beam at Berkeley Lab in late December .
How cool would that be to be able to scream things like “ WE HAVE BEAM !!! ” I love science .
The TEAM Project ( TEAM stands for Transmission Electron Aberration - corrected Microscope ) is led by Berkeley Lab in a collaboration with DOE ’s Argonne and Oak Ridge National Laboratories , the Frederick Seitz Materials Laboratory of the University of Illinois , and two private companies specializing in electron microscopy , the FEI Company headquartered in Portland , Oregon , and CEOS of Heidelberg , Germany .
Now that TEAM 0.5 ’s basic systems are operational , additional components and facilities are being completed and tuned , including a state - of - the - art control room display that shows the sample under the microscope on a flat panel resembling a wide - screen , high - definition TV .
After a long series of rigorous tests and adjustments , TEAM 0.5 will become available to outside users by October , 2008 .
Atom by atom in 3 - D
In preliminary tests at the FEI Company , before the TEAM 0.5 was shipped , NCEM ’s Christian Kisielowski tested the microscope ’s ability to resolve individual atoms and precisely locate their positions in three dimensions .
He made a series of images of two gold crystals connected by a “ nanobridge ” only a few dozen atoms wide .
From each exposure to the next , individual gold atoms could be seen changing positions .
He watched atoms wiggle , its like watching your DNA wiggle .
There is something so profound about being able to SEE atoms wiggle .
I would feel like some sort of super being if I got to do that .
“ Hey what did you do today ? ” pause “ Oh I ran som errands , then spent the rest of the day staring raptly at the building blocks of matter !!! ”
To achieve this extraordinary resolution , TEAM 0.5 embodies technical advances that have only recently become possible , including ultra-stable electronics , improved aberration correctors , and an extremely bright electron source .
In short , they are the new techno - gods of looking at small things .
Spherical aberration degrades images , making points of light look like disks , and correcting it can make dramatic improvements to image resolution .
( This was famously demonstrated in 1993 , when spherical aberration in the Hubble Space Telescope ’s optical lenses was corrected in a special space mission . )
In the case of electron microscopes , a series of multipole magnetic lenses of varying geometries shapes the electron beam .
“ Correcting spherical aberration in an electron microscope has long been possible in theory , ” says Dahmen .
“ But only recently has it become practical , ” because today ’s stable electronics reduce drift and fast computers allow continuous adjustments in real time .
Corrector technology has even become available commercially , says Dahmen , “ but no off - the - shelf corrector can match TEAM 0.5 ’s ability to compensate even higher - order aberrations . ”
Correcting spherical aberration makes it possible to use the TEAM 0.5 not only for broad - beam , “ wide - angle ” images but also for scanning transmission electron microscopy ( STEM ) , in which the tightly focused electron beam is moved across the sample as a probe , capable of performing spectroscopy on one atom at a time — an ideal way to precisely locate impurities in an otherwise homogeneous sample , such as individual dopant atoms in a semiconductor material .
Aberration correction is also essential for another advanced feature of TEAM 0.5 : its ability to maintain high resolution with lower electron beam energies .
“ Low - energy electrons have longer wavelengths , so they are harder to focus , ” Dahmen explains .
“ Aberration correction allows better than one - angstrom resolution with excellent contrast even at 80 kilovolts .
This is important when you do n’t want to damage the sample with a high - energy beam — in biological studies , for example . ”
It ’s not just high resolution that makes TEAM 0.5 the world ’s best microscope , Dahmen says .
When all the electrons in the beam focus at the same plane , image contrast and signal - to - noise ratio improve tremendously .
“ It ’s because the signal - to - noise ratio is so good that you can adjust focus atom by atom , with enough sensitivity to obtain information about the three - dimensional atomic structure of a single nanoparticle . ”
Dahmen adds ,
“ This brings us within reach of meeting the great challenge posed by the famous physicist Richard Feynman in 1959 : the ability to analyze any chemical substance simply by looking to see where the atoms are . ”
I am sorry to geek out here , but HOLY CRAP , like you know you look at a tree and you go “ ohh thats an oak tree ” cause you know what oak trees look like , imagine if you could look at something and go “ ohh thats hydrochloric acid ” cause you know what hydrochloric acid looks like at an atomic level .
The position of individual atoms in a structure can be determined by taking images at different angles , from which the computer reconstructs a 3 - D tomograph of the sample , as in a CAT scan .
To make this possible an innovative system capable of tilting and rotating the sample , and moving it up , down , or sideways under the electron beam , is also being developed at NCEM .
Much smaller than sample stages now in use , the new TEAM stage will be housed entirely inside the microscope column .
Manipulating the sample by such methods as minute piezoelectric “ crawlers ” that change shape when electricity is applied , the new stage will be able to control and reproduce the sample ’s position and attitude with an accuracy of less than a billionth of a meter .
Installation of the new stage must await the next phase of the TEAM Project : the TEAM I microscope , due to be set up at NCEM early in 2009 .
While TEAM 0.5 corrects spherical aberration in both the “ probe ” beam ( the electron beam before it strikes the sample ) and the image beam ( after it exits the sample , but before it reaches the detector ) , TEAM I will also correct chromatic aberration in the image beam , which has never been accomplished before .
Spherical aberration is caused by the shape of a lens ; chromatic aberration results when a lens refracts light or electrons of different wavelengths ( different colors or energies ) at different angles .
“ Correcting chromatic aberration is harder and takes more space , ” says Dahmen .
“ The chromatic aberration corrector will add two feet to the height of the TEAM I column .
But the new configuration will also allow us to enlarge the gap between the pole pieces , into which the sample fits .
In TEAM 0.5 this gap is only about two millimeters , so we have to use traditional outside - mounted sample stages , with limited space to manipulate the sample .
In TEAM I the gap will be five millimeters ; the sample stage will have much greater freedom of movement . ”
New vistas in the realm of the small
TEAM 0.5 and TEAM I will be housed side by side at NCEM for some time , occupying the two multistory “ silos ” that until recently were the homes of the historic High - Voltage Electron Microscope and the Atomic Resolution Microscope , the most powerful microscopes in the world when NCEM was established in the early 1980s .
Ambitious as those microscopes were in their day , says TEAM ’s Project Manager , Peter Denes of the Engineering Division , “ when the TEAM Project was launched in 2004 , it was not quite clear if the goals could even be achieved .
The electron microscopy community had never done a collaborative project like TEAM before , and certainly not with full DOE project - management rigor . ”
Says Denes ,
“ Perhaps the biggest contributor to success was a series of scientific workshops that contributed to forming a converging opinion on what the next steps would be , and what would constitute success .
That helped in getting everyone — if not quite on the same page — at least in the same book . ”
Dahmen agrees .
“ This is a big jump for the microscopy community .
TEAM ’s success will open the door to other ambitious developments around the world . ”
Dahmen suggests at least two broad categories of researchers who will benefit from the powerful new electron microscopes : experts with sophisticated microscopy problems to solve , and scientists less familiar with electron microscopy but with a particular problem for which microscopy can provide the answer .
“ For example , Jim Zuo at the University of Illinois is doing studies of electron diffraction from the surface of single nanoparticles , ” Dahmen says .
“ He sees evidence of surface contraction .
But when we at NCEM do imaging of similar nanoparticles , we find that the surface is expanding .
Jim looks forward to using the TEAM microscope because it can do diffraction and imaging of the same particle at the same time — a grand experiment , and the only way to solve the apparent contradiction . ”
An example of a problem - solving nonspecialist , says Dahmen , might be a materials scientist who has created a new kind of nanostructure , such as a tetrapod semiconductor , and needs to know exactly where in this complex , three - dimensional shape the impurity atoms reside .
“ TEAM ’s ability to image the structure in 3 - D through tomography and its ability to do spectroscopy with single - atom sensitivity can identify each kind of atom at each position in the structure .
That has never been possible before . ”
The basic TEAM components of aberration correction , enhanced signal - to - noise ratio , single - atom sensitivity , and an ultrabright beam that can be used in both TEM and STEM modes — all the while manipulating the sample in the beam — are goals that until recently seemed at the very edge of technological daring .
All are on track , and some have been solved ahead of schedule .
The TEAM Project ’s continuing success , signaled by the installation of TEAM 0.5 at NCEM , has opened the possibility of numerous future advances in electron microscopy that were barely conceivable when TEAM was launched .
I ca n’t wait to see what they come up with next .
The 17 - gigabyte file containing half - of - million photos pillaged from MySpace accounts made the Pirate Bay 's top - ten list of most popular downloads over the weekend , beating out pirated copies of No Country For Old Men , Sweeney Todd and the sci - fi flick I Am Legend .
Sunday afternoon the file – compiled using a still - unacknowledged hole in MySpace 's architecture that exposed photos in private profiles – was the 9th most popular download on the torrent site , with over 6,700 downloads in progress .
On Monday , though , the file 's popularity plummeted as the first round of downloaders completed their transfers and found that the photos – a mix of images from public and private profiles – just were n't that interesting .
" Wedding , baby , party , wedding , baby , party , etc . Truly boring stuff , " one disappointed downloader posted to the torrent 's message board .
" Anyone have that porn image recognition software ?
That would help a lot . "
Another pirate offered a more positive review of the purloined pics .
" There are countless great pictures in here like cross - dressing metal - heads , " he wrote .
" If you want porn , then download porn , idiots . "
At Ed Felton 's blog Freedom to Tinker , Felton wonders if " DMaul " – the TribalWar.com user who compiled and later published the file – might have been motivated by a desire to punish MySpace for leaving the hole open for over three months .
" This may be the most serious privacy breach yet at MySpace , " Felton writes .
" Kevin Poulsen 's story at Wired News implies that the leak may have been deliberate payback for MySpace failing to fix the vulnerability that allowed the leaks "
Now suppose you know that a company ’s product has a flaw that is endangering its customers , and the company is denying and delaying .
There is something you can do that will force them to fix the problem – you can arrange an attention - grabbing demonstration that will show customers ( and the press ) that the risk is real .
All you have to do is exploit the flaw yourself , get a bunch of private data , and release it .
Which is pretty much what DMaul did .
To be clear , Im not endorsing this course of action .
I ’m just pointing out why someone might find it attractive despite the obvious ethical objections .
DMaul compiled the images before MySpace fixed the bug , but did n't put them on BitTorrent until after .
So unless DMail had plans to publish the file anyway , this is n't a case of somebody staging a splashy exploitation of a vulnerability in order hasten its closure .
DMaul did say he was trying to prove a point by publishing the photos , but his point was n't that MySpace should fix its bugs faster , but rather , " It is ridiculous to think that there is privacy on public websites . "
Some of the people downloading the file this weekend , though , were apparently motivated by " disgust at Myspace , " as a user named " delton19 " put it .
Another downloader named " blaine00 " wrote , " I am now only downloading this to spite MySpace .
I can see this is going to be half a million pieces of crap .
But I 'd like to go ahead and get it so I can help seed it out to the people that are going to download it no matter what comments they read . "
" Sixbirdnine " added , " Maybe people will think twice about uploading personal info . "
( Photo by TheAlieness GiselaGiardino² ³ )
McCain 's mom gives GOP some ' straight talk ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday January 25 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Republican presidential candidate John McCain has enjoyed more fervent support in the primaries from independent voters than from registered Republicans .
Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh even told his audience recently that he might not be able to support McCain as the nominee .
When McCain 's 95 year old mother , Roberta McCain , was asked how much support she thought her son had among the base of the Republican Party , she instantly replied , " I do n't think he has any .
...
Maybe I do n't know enough about it , but I 've not seen any help whatsoever . "
She went on to say that if McCain wins the nomination , " holding their nose they 're going to have to take him , " but that did n't exhaust what she had to say about the GOP base .
" I 'm really popping off , " the elder McCain continued , " but he worked like a dog to get Bush reelected .
He 's backed Bush in everything except Rumsfeld .
...
And I 've never seen any public recognition of the work that he 's done for the Republican Party . "
Roberta McCain , whom her son has credited with teaching him " honesty , " is known for her straight talk .
During the 2000 campaign , she told Time , " I can't think on my feet .
I would have a heart attack or jump out this five - story window .
I 'm worried that whatever I would tell you would be true . "
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast January 25 , 2008 .
Transcript via closed captions
:: McCain :
Now that sylvester stallone has endorsed me i'm extend sending him over to take care of chuck norris right away .
Page :
That 's about as heated as it got .
Brian : Senator mccain after he heard how the " new york times " beat up on rudy giuliani , show you how civil it was .
He said listen , I think rudy giuliani is an american hero .
These by guys are running against each other neck in neck in florida .
Page :
Why do you think they took this tack ?
steve : I thought last night would be beat up john mccain .
It was everybody 's last chance to stop him .
Meanwhile , john mccain , the snippet before where huckabee and john mccain were talking , they were talking about age .
John mccain has got some good genes and they do come in large part from his mother , roberta .
She was on c-span yesterday and there was a question from the interviewer that said how much support do you think your son , john mccain has among the base of the republican party ?
and roberta mccain , 95 - year - old roberta mccain said , quote , I do n't think he has any .
I do n't know what the base of the republicans -- maybe I do n't know enough about it but I have never seen any help whatsoever .
So john mccain 's mom says he is not getting any help from the republican base .
Brian let 's hear it .
:: How much support do you think he has among the base of the republican party ?
:: I do n't think he has any .
I do n't know what the base -- maybe I do n't know enough about it but I have not seen any help whatsoever .
:: So can he then go on and become the nominee of this party ?
:: Yes .
I think holding their nose they are going to have to take him .
Now , i'm really popping off , but he worked like a dog to get bush reelected .
He has backed bush in everything except rumsfeld .
Have you ever heard her senators and congressman backing bush over eight years ?
finally , give me a name .
And I have never seen any public recognition of the work that he has done for the republican party .
Page :
That is straight talk .
You see where he gets all that straight talk .
Brian :
One of those conservative straight talk says he gets 28 out of 100 in terms of voting on a conservative platform .
That 's the problem .
People like tom delay are mobilized to stop senator mccain from getting the nomination .
Page : A lot of things are change .
Brian : Can I give her a talk show ?
steve :
She is busy .
Full - time job being his mom .
NOVA
Online is produced for PBS by the WGBH Science Unit
Major funding for NOVA is provided by the Park Foundation , The Northwestern Mutual Life Foundation , and CNET.com .
Although the earliest races involved relatively small groups of messengers , recent contests have included large numbers of participants who are not messengers and whose skills vary .
While some veterans have welcomed the newcomers , others have suggested that the influx has diluted the purity of the races .
Then there are those who maintain that less experienced riders may be placing themselves in harm ’s way by trying to keep up with seasoned messengers who are accustomed to whizzing through traffic at top speed .
More than 100 racers had been expected to take part in the Monster Track alleycat .
Entry was limited to people riding track bikes that are not equipped with hand brakes , and thus require an extra level of expertise .
Other events connected to the Monster Track at sites in Brooklyn and Queens , like a bike tricks competition and a track race , were still scheduled .
“ We decided to cancel the main part of the race because we were concerned that it was getting dangerous , ” said Kevin Bolger , one of the Monster Track organizers .
“ When we heard about what happened in Chicago we were really stunned . ”
But some riders believe that the death in Chicago was more of an aberration than an inevitability , and they insist that alleycats and similar contests will flourish in New York and elsewhere .
Supporters say that the races , replete with what one bicyclist described as “ mavericks , outlaws , rapscallions and misfits , ” should continue precisely because they are the sort of brash , raffish events that seem to be increasingly rare in a more antiseptic New York .
Many also see the races as important rallying events that foster camaraderie among bicyclists and encourage the wider public to use nonpolluting transportation .
Among those who would like to see the contests continue is Michael Green , who maintains the Web site BikeBlog ( bikeblog.blogspot.com ) and made a short documentary , “ Track Kaiju , ” about a messenger from Tokyo who , he said , finished fifth in the 2007 Monster Track .
“ It ’s cultural propaganda that promotes cycling , ” Mr. Green said .
“ The loss of that would be monumental . ”
According to Darwin , natural selection is the driving force of evolution .
It 's a beautifully simple idea , but given the thousands of years that are involved , nobody has ever seen it in action .
So how can we tell whether or not natural selection occurs and which of our traits are a result of it ?
In this article Charlotte Mulcare uses milk to show how maths and stats can provide genetic answers .
Is milk really good for you ?
Friend or foe ?
Throughout childhood , many of us will have been given milk at school , or perhaps will remember a series of adverts where people cheerfully drank pintfuls of fresh milk , claiming it was " good for you " .
For those of you who were not convinced by the milk marketing board , you 're in good company : the ancient Roman doctor Galen , made the observation that , for some people , milk is far from good .
" With regard to milk , it should not be given to all , but only to those who digest it well and perceive no symptom [...] somebody can be sick all the time , no matter in what way he prepares it [ the milk ] and someone else [...] had no trouble [...] and had no hyperacidity , eruction , or gas . "
De Sanitate Tuenda , Galen , 2nd Century AD .
The symptoms Galen describes would be well - recognised today .
Although uncommon in North - West Europeans , lactose intolerance is in fact the usual human condition , and the vast majority of people in the world are unable to digest fresh milk .
This is because most humans , like other mammals , stop producing the enzyme lactase some time after weaning .
Lactase is necessary to digest lactose , the key calorific constituent of milk .
Without it , lactose becomes fermented in the colon .
In humans between the ages of 2 and 20 , levels of the enzyme drop dramatically , such that adults are unable to digest milk without indigestion .
However , in some populations , notably those with a long history of pastoralist farming , adults continue to express high levels of the enzyme lactase , and so can drink fresh milk .
This milk drinking ability has been found to be under genetic control , and some genetic markers , that is , particular types of genetic code , are associated with it .
The Agricultural revolution
To understand the significance of the milk drinking ability , it is necessary to look back into prehistory .
Archaeologists believe that , as early as 7500 BCE , some groups of hunter - gatherers began to domesticate a series of plant and animal species .
Excavations suggest that these early farmers were clustered around an arc of land known as the fertile crescent , which begins in Palestine , progresses through the Levant up to eastern Anatolia , then reaches down to the valley of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers .
The transition from hunting and gathering to an agricultural lifestyle was associated with other developments , such as irrigation , weaponry , settlement and social stratification ; a cultural package of change .
The nature and scale of these changes in human development seem so extreme that the term agricultural revolution is sometimes used to describe them .
Could this revolution in human culture have created an environment in which changes in human biology became selected for ?
It is commonly thought that in 7000 BCE farmers from the fertile crescent migrated westward across the plains of central Eurasia , across Europe and perhaps as far as Scandinavia .
To what extent the archaeological record represents a movement of people as opposed to a transmission of cultural ideas remains controversial .
Nevertheless , by 3000 BCE , farming had reached North - West Europe , and the domestication of animals , in particular cattle , can be found through excavation .
Given the findings of pots with traces of milk protein , and images of art suggesting milking practice , it seems probable that the use of milk as food and drink was practised at this time .
The Fertile Crescent .
Image reproduced under the GNU Free Documentation licence .
This raises several key questions : given that the ability to drink fresh milk is under genetic control , and exists at high frequency in North - West Europe , did early farmers who could digest fresh milk have an advantage over those who could not ?
Using a combination of genetic observations and mathematics , population geneticists can consider whether modern patterns of variation in the gene coding for lactose reflect the change in human culture from hunting and gathering to pastoralism that occurred during the Neolithic age .
Using genes to answer pre-historical questions
As with so many advances in science , using genetic data is heavily dependent on mathematical modelling .
In particular , mathematics can help determine the probability of a natural selection event having occurred , given the distribution of genes in modern populations .
To begin with , geneticists look for a region of DNA that is associated with a particular trait , in this case , milk drinking .
They then either try to identify a causal change in the DNA ( that is , a change in the genetic code that modifies a protein ) or they examine people with the trait to find a proxy or marker until a causal change is found .
Where there are two or more different types of DNA possible at a given place in a gene , these possible types are sometimes referred to as alleles .
Alleles play a crucial role in enabling population geneticists to interpret the history of a piece of DNA , and , from this , the possible history of a population .
Does the ability to drink milk represent an ancient case of natural selection ?
We now know that in North - West Europe , those who can drink fresh milk carry one allele , and those who cannot carry another .
The allele commonly found in milk drinkers is called the T allele , and that found in non-milk drinkers , the C allele .
These letters represent the two different bases , thymine and cytosine , that are part of the genetic code .
The alleles are located upstream ( in front of , on the same stretch of DNA ) of the gene which codes for the enzyme lactase .
Although it might be expected that genetic changes that influence the way an enzyme operates might be found in the gene itself , regions of DNA around the gene can also affect the expression of that gene , and the way in which a protein such as lactase is made .
Figure 2 : The location of the C or T alleles , a little upstream of the lactase gene on Chromosome 2 .
Knowing that two markers , C and T , exist is only part of the story ; in order to learn more about the history of these alleles , and , by implication , the history of milk - drinking , geneticists look for variants ( other alleles ) in the DNA that are commonly found with the T allele , and those that are commonly found with the C allele .
The number and type of these alleles , and the degree of different combinations identified with the T and the C can be used to calculate intra-allelic diversity , a measure that can be used to identify past natural selection .
There are several ways to measure intra-allelic diversity .
One of the simplest , which will be discussed here , is to investigate recombination .
Recombination is a term that does what it says on the tin : it refers to the recombining of genetic material .
During meiosis , when egg and sperm cells are made , genetic material is shuffled or recombined .
Bits of DNA that are close together are more likely to remain together when this shuffle happens .
However , over long periods of time , the association between genetic alleles will break down as eventually reproduction shuffles the material .
In theory , recombination should increase the diversity of alleles found near the C and T alleles that we are investigating : that is , it will increase intra-allelic diversity .
What does natural selection look like ?
The chemical structure of DNA .
Adenine , Cytosine , Guanine and Thymine are the four bases , represented by the letters A , C , G and T. Image reproduced under the GNU Free Documentation licence .
When looking at genetic information to see whether natural selection has occurred , we start by making a few assumptions :
The first assumption is that there will be less intra-allelic diversity associated with new alleles , since less time has elapsed for it to accumulate .
Therefore , an allele showing low diversity is considered young .
If there were no natural selection , we would expect a young allele to occur at comparatively low frequency , since less time has elapsed for it to increase .
Individuals who possess a favourable version of a gene ( that is , one that codes for an advantageous trait ) are more likely to pass their genes onto the next generation .
Advantageous traits , and any genetic markers that control them , are likely to exist at high frequency in a population where the individuals carrying those genes have been subjected to natural selection .
Therefore , if natural selection occurs , young alleles that confer a selective advantage are likely to increase rapidly in frequency .
When a particular allele occurs at high frequency , but has low associated intra-allelic diversity , this is considered as possible evidence for natural selection .
This is because , due to natural selection , the trait has increased in frequency so rapidly that there has been insufficient time for recombination to increase associated diversity .
In order to see whether natural selection may have occurred , DNA can be collected from both milk drinkers and non-milk drinkers , ideally both from populations that have a history of fresh milk drinking , and those that do not .
In this case , the sample set would comprise North - West Europeans because of their history of fresh milk - drinking , and , ideally , populations without a history of milk - drinking as comparators .
In the North - West Europeans , we would expect milk drinkers to carry the T allele , and non -milk drinkers to carry the C allele .
We would then determine the intra-allelic diversity associated with both types .
How can maths help ?
High allele frequency together with low intra-allelic diversity may suggest historic natural selection
The most basic measure of recombination is a value known as D , which refers to the deviation between the observed and expected frequencies of two types of marker along the same stretch of DNA .
It tells you how often two markers are inherited together and whether or not this is more or less than one would expect if the recombination were random .
The value D is calculated by looking at two sites along a stretch of DNA .
Site 1 is where the alleles you 're interested in live — in this case T and C — while site 2 is associated with two other alleles , call them A and B .
The question is whether T occurs with one of A or B more often than a combination generated by chance alone would dictate .
If it does , then this signifies that the two tend to be inherited together , a sign of low intra-allelic diversity .
We 'll write P T for the probability that an individual has the T allele at site 1 and P A for the probability that the individual has the A allele at site 2 .
Under random conditions , when there is no association between the T and A alleles , the probability of an individual having the T allele at site 1 and the A allele at site 2 , written as P TA , is equal to the product P T × P A .
With a large enough sample , the probabilities P T , P A and P TA can be estimated by the observed frequencies of T occurring at site 1 ( written as F T ) , A occurring at site 2 ( written as F A ) and T and A occurring together ( written as F TA ) .
To test for randomness , we consider the difference :
D = F TA − F T × F A .
The DNA double helix .
Image reproduced under the GNU Free Documentation licence .
If D is significantly different from 0 , then the relationship between T and A is not considered random .
Note that the value D also accounts for the relationship between T and B : if T and B tend to occur together , then T and A will occur together less often than chance would dictate , and this also gives a non -zero D value .
The word " significant " has a precise mathematical meaning in this context : there are probabilistic techniques to determine how different from zero D has to be for us to be confident that it really does reflect an association between alleles , rather than just a random fluctuation .
One problem with this particular test is its dependency on allele frequencies : if any of the alleles or types investigated ( in this example , T , C , A and B ) are found at extremely low frequencies , it can be difficult to determine the significance of association .
An alternative approach is to use a calculation that takes into account differences in allele frequencies .
The statistic we are after here is called r2 .
It is calculated by first squaring D , to ensure that it is always positive , and then dividing by the product of the individual observed frequencies of all four alleles , F T , F C , F A and F B :
r2 = D2 / ( F T × F C × F A × F B ) .
A calculation shows that r2 is equal to 1 precisely when there is complete association between alleles , for example when T only ever occurs with A and C only ever occurs with B .
If r2 is equal 0 , then we deduce , as before , that there is no association between alleles .
The in - between cases are reflected by values between 0 and 1 .
Having established recombination rate , another method of determining genetic diversity is called F ST .
It measures genetic diversity between different population groups by looking at a particular region of DNA .
In our case , we would look at the region of DNA where the T or C allele are located .
We'd then randomly pick two individuals from a subpopulation and score 0 if the alleles are the same in both individuals ( T and T or C and C ) and 1 if they are distinct .
Repeating this process a large number of times and adding up the scores gives a value we 'll call H w .
It gives an estimate of the variation within a population set .
Next , we measure the variance within the whole population by computing the value H t in the same way , only this time sampling from the whole population .
We then compare H t and H w by computing :
F ST = ( H t − H w ) / H t
The value of F ST varies between 0 and 1 .
Where there is very little difference between subpopulations , F ST is closer to 0 , becoming closer to 1 when the reverse is true .
Computer simulations enable multiple calculations of F ST .
If there is no natural selection , we would expect F ST levels for the milk - drinking marker T to look no different from F ST levels for a marker that was not under natural selection .
However , if natural selection occurs , we would expect F ST levels to look very different between populations for the particular allele considered to be under selection .
Recently , F ST levels for several major population groups , calculated using multiple regions of DNA , have become available on the web .
By comparing the distribution of genetic diversity for the T and C markers with thousands of others , we can determine whether or not the pattern of variation is significantly different .
Was the ability to drink milk naturally selected ?
In North - West European populations , where pastoralism has been practiced for over 4000 years , there is a relatively high frequency of the T allele .
To investigate recombination , a group of scientists sampled 30 individuals with North - West European ancestry where 494 different markers were known .
Using r2 , it is possible to see a pattern occurring upstream of the lactase gene , where the C and T site is located ( see figure 3 ) .
Figure 3 : The value r2 for the lactase gene region .
The scientists calculated r2 for many different markers .
The results are shown in the diagram , where the different sites have been plotted against each other .
Where there is a complete association between two alleles of the two sites r2 = 1 .
This is shown in red .
For r2 = 0 there is no association , and this is shown in blue .
Intermediate values are represented by different shades as shown in the key .
As can be seen , there are blocks of red , which appear as significant regions .
In individuals carrying the T allele there appears to be less allelic diversity than in those with the C allele .
This is what we would expect from a signature of selection .
Another study used DNA samples from three major population groups , European African Americans , African Americans and East Asians , which had already been typed for 28,000 different genetic markers , including the C and T alleles .
The T allele , which is found in milk drinkers , was found at a frequency of 77 % in European Americans , 13 % in African Americans and 0 % in East Asians .
The authors calculated F ST to investigate the two alleles in all three different populations .
Comparing Europe and East Asia , and Europe and Africa , the authors found F ST levels of 0.53 in each case .
This F ST value was higher than that of 99.9 % of the other 28,000 markers investigated , suggesting the unusual nature of the T allele in Europe , where milk drinking has been practised for so long .
The scientists interpreted these significant differences as strong evidence for natural selection .
More sophisticated techniques using a wider array of models , samples and maths have supported the hypothesis that milk - drinking provides an example of historical natural selection .
Pastoralism , and its produce certainly were beneficial in 3000BCE .
However , it has to be said that , as the circumstances that favoured fresh milk - drinking have long since passed , the milk - marketing board no longer has a point .
Milk might have been good for you once , but a once - nightly hot chocolate with milk and cream should now be seen as a luxury rather than a necessary survival tool .
Probably .
About the author
Charlotte Mulcare read biological anthropology at Cambridge , and has recently completed a PhD at University College London in human genetics .
The project used DNA samples from modern populations to trace the migration and selection patterns in Neolithic farmers .
She currently works as a science writer ( fact and fiction ! ) and lives in Oxford .
The heavily - armed AC - 130 gunship can fly at night ( file photo )
The militias were reported to have been tracked by aerial reconnaissance and then attacked by a US gunship launched from a US military base in Djibouti .
The US says Somali Islamists sheltered al - Qaeda operatives linked to the 1998 US embassy bombings in East Africa .
The Somali transitional government says many people were killed in the raid .
The air strikes are taking place just a few days after the Union of Islamic Courts , which had taken control of much of central and southern Somalia during the past six months , was routed by soldiers from Ethiopia and Somalia 's transitional government .
The US accuses the Islamists of having links to al - Qaeda - charges they deny .
A Pentagon spokesman , Bryan Whitman , confirmed that the US struck southern Somalia on Sunday , and said the target was al - Qaeda leadership believed to be in the area .
' Boy killed '
Witnesses told the BBC Somali service that areas near the town of Afmadow were being bombed on Tuesday .
They report hearing heavy firing in a number of areas and have seen military helicopters flying overhead .
On Monday , the nearby village of Hayo was bombed .
The US has a right to bombard terrorist suspects who attacked its embassies in Kenya and Tanzania
Somali interim president
Abdullahi Yusuf
Twin US aims in Somalia Fact file : AC - 130 gunship
" My four - year - old boy was killed in the strike , " Mohamed Mahmud Burale told the BBC from the area .
Local MP Abdulkadir Haji Mohamoud
Dhagane told the BBC that 27 people , mostly civilians , had been killed near Afmadow .
" Thousands of Somalis are caught between the rock and hard place as they are in the middle of air strikes , Ethiopian tanks and the Kenyan soldiers who have blocked the border , " he said .
Afmadow is 250 km north of Ras Kamboni , close to the Kenyan border , where Islamist fighters have been attacked by Ethiopian and government forces .
The island of Badmado off Ras Kamboni was also hit by air strikes on Monday afternoon .
The bombing is the first overt military action by the US in Somalia since 1994 , the year after 18 US troops were killed in Mogadishu .
The attack was carried out by an Air Force AC - 130 , a heavily - armed gunship that has highly effective detection equipment and can work under the cover of darkness .
Credible reports suggest that the Ethiopian air force has set up a base in Kismayo , with two MiG fighters and four helicopter gunships , which may be taking part in the raids .
Al - Qaeda
Somalia 's interim President Abdullahi Yusuf backed the US action .
HAVE YOUR SAY
They can all leave us alone , we Somalis already have a full plate when it comes to wars
Maheran Man , Melbourne , Australia
Send us your comments
More than 250 people died in the 1998 attacks in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , for which al - Qaeda has claimed responsibility .
The US also holds the same cell responsible for attacks on an Israeli aircraft and Israeli - owned hotel in Kenya in 2002 , in which 15 people died .
In other developments :
Robert Altman
" I was a heavy drinker , but the alcohol affected my heart rather than my liver .
So I stopped .
I smoke grass now .
I say that to everybody , because marijuana should be legalized .
It 's ridiculous that it is n't .
If at the end of the day I feel like smoking a joint I do it .
It changes the perception of what I 've been through all day . "
( On the advisory board of NORML ) Jennifer Aniston
" I enjoy smoking cannabis and see no harm in it " .
( Supposedly she and Brad Pitt smoked up together prior to meeting with Bill Clinton . )
Louis Armstrong
" It really puzzles me to see marijuana connected with narcotics . . . dope and all that crap
Éit 's a thousand times better than whiskey - it's an assistant - a friend . "
Jack Black
Actor and singer for the band " Tenacious D " .
Voted pot smoker of the year by High Times magazine .
Jack will be playing a set at an upcoming NORML conference .
Michael Bloomberg ( NY mayor )
When asked if he ever smoked pot , he replied , " You bet I did .
And I enjoyed it ! "
Tom Brokaw
" There was this early benign attitude , certainly toward marijuana , and then even toward cocaine later on , which was not an area for me .
I did n't go there .
But you know , marijuana was being passed around at very establishment cocktails parties like an after - dinner drink of some kind . "
James Brown
William F. Buckley
but read what he had to say about prohibition in the 1983 issue of The anti-marijuana campaign is a cancerous tissue of lies , undermining law enforcement , aggravating the drug problem , depriving the sick of needed help and suckering well - intentioned conservatives and countless frightened parents . "
He 's not a toker , read what he had to say about prohibition in the 1983 issue of The National Review : " . "
George W. Bush
In the taped recordings of a conversation , Bush explained his refusal to answer questions about whether he had used marijuana at some time in his past .
“ I would n’t answer the marijuana questions , ” Bush says .
“ You know why ?
Because I do n’t want some little kid doing what I tried . ”
When reminded that the latter had publicly denied using cocaine , Bush replied , " I have n't denied anything . "
Johnny Cash
A good friend of Willie Nelson's .
Cash made headlines when he refused to change the lyrics to suit network executives , singing the song with its references to marijuana intact :
" On the Sunday morning sidewalks / Wishin ' , Lord , that I was stoned . "
Tommy Chong
Chong was Born in Edmonton , Alberta .
Cheech Marin was a draft dodger living in Vancouver when he first met Chong .
Check out his action figure Chong was recently sent to jail for 9 months for selling waterpipes over the internet .
Winston Churchill
Bill Clinton
" When I was in England I experimented with marijuana a time or two , I did n't like it , I did n't inhale it , and never tried it again . "
...
" I think that most small amounts of marijuana have been decriminalized in some places , and should be .
We really need a re-examination of our entire policy on imprisonment ... Our imprisonment policies are counterproductive . " source Francis Ford Coppola
Bob Denver
In 1998 Gilligan received probation after signing for a package containing 30 grams of pot .
It turns out that he was buying pot through the mail from his co-star Dawn Wells ( Mary Anne ) .
John Denver
Jimmy Dorsey
Bob Dylan
Introduced the Beatles to wacky tobaccy in 1964 .
Melissa Etheridge
" Instead of taking five or six of the prescriptions , I decided to go a natural route and smoke marijuana . "
When asked how her doctors reacted , Etheridge says , " Every single one was , ' Oh , yeah .
That 's the best help for the effects of chemotherapy . '
Richard Feynman ( scientist )
Nobel Prize Laureate physicist , founder of quantum electrodynamics .
Carrie Fisher
Jane Fonda
Perhaps her and Ted enjoy cannabis together ?
Peter Fonda
Harrison Ford James Franco
“ I do n’t consider weed to be any worse than having a beer , ” says actor James Franco , who plays a marijuana dealer in the new film Pineapple Express .
Art Garfunkel
" If John Lennon is deported , I 'm leaving too ... with my musicians ... and my marijuana . "
Newt Gingrich
Speaker of the House .
Smoker of the weed .
Gingrich said he smoked pot while studying in the 1970s .
To do so , Gingrich said , " was a sign that we were alive and in graduate school in that era . "
Al Gore
Gore has maintained his marijuana usage was " infrequent and rare " and ended in 1972 .
Larry Hagman
Woody Harrelson
" I do smoke , but I do n't go through all this trouble just because I want to make my drug of choice legal .
It 's about personal freedom .
We should have the right in this country to do what we want , if we do n't hurt anybody .
Seventy - two million people in this country have smoked pot .
Eighteen to 20 million in the last year .
These people should not be treated as criminals . "
Whitney Houston
January 2000 : Hawaiian airport security guards searched Whitney 's carry - on bag and found 15 grams of pot .
Chrissie Hynd
" Whatever I 'm already doing becomes enhanced when I smoke pot .
It can also be demotivating , because if I 'm not doing anything and I smoke a joint , it enhances just sitting in a chair .
Then I do n't even want to get up to change a record .
That might not be a bad thing , but you have to get things done once in a while . "
Kareem Abdul - Jabbar
Sir Mick Jagger
Thomas Jefferson
John F Kennedy
Steven King
" I think that marijuana should not only be legal , I think it should be a cottage industry .
It would be wonderful for the state of Maine .
There 's some pretty good homegrown dope .
I 'm sure it would be even better if you could grow it with fertilizers and have greenhouses .
. . . "
John Lennon
Bill Maher
( On the advisory board of NORML ) Norman Mailer
One 's condition on marijuana is always existential .
One can feel the importance of each moment and how it is changing one .
One feels one 's being , one becomes aware of the enormous apparatus of nothingness - the hum of a hi- fi set , the emptiness of a pointless interruption , one becomes aware of the war between each of us , how the nothingness in each of us seeks to attack the being of others , how our being in turn is attacked by the nothingness in others .
Bob Marley
" Music and herb go together .
It 's been a long time now I smoke herb .
From 1960s , when I first start singing . "
Linda McCartney
Linda made headlines as a result of an open fondness for marijuana .
While being treated for breast cancer she smoked pot to ease the discomfort of chemotherapy .
Sir Paul McCartney
" I think the ' Just say no ' mentality is so crazed .
I saw a thing in a women 's magazine the other day .
' He smokes cannabis , what am I to do ?
He laughs it off when I try to tell him , he says it 's not really harmful ...'
Of course you 're half hoping the advice will be , ' Well , you know it 's not that harmful ; if you love him , if you talk to him about it , tell him maybe he should keep it in the garden shed or something , ' you know , a reasonable point of view .
But of course it was , ' No , no , all drugs are bad .
Librium 's good , Valium 's good .
But cannabis , ooooh ! '
I hate that unreasoned attitude . "
Matthew McConaughey
George Michael
" ... this time last year I was a complete and utter pothead .
I know it 's lunacy but the horrible truth is that the grass really helped me .
It got me through making [ my album ]
Older .
I was under more stress than I 'd ever been .
This [ album ] had to amount to something substantial to justify the wait .
And grass really helped me with the lyrics .
I 'd know there was something I really wanted to say but I would n't know how to say it , so I 'd have a few drags and stand behind the mike and in a few minutes it'd be there .
It 's bad because I do n't want to smoke but I can't see myself giving grass up as a writer . " source Robert Mitchum
" The only effect that I ever noticed from smoking marijuana was a sort of mild sedative , a release of tension when I was overworking .
It never made me boisterous or quarrelsome .
If anything , it calmed me and reduced my activity . "
Alanis Morissette
. . .
" So if ever I need some clarity ... or a quantum leap in terms of writing something , it 's a quick way for me to get to it . "
" As an artist , there 's a sweet jump - starting quality to it ( marijuana ) for me . " . . .
" So if ever I need some clarity ... or a quantum leap in terms of writing something , it 's a quick way for me to get to it . " source Bill Murray
He attended Regis University in Denver , Colorado where he took pre-med courses .
He later dropped out after being arrested for possession of marijuana at Chicago 's O'Hare Airport source Friedrich Nietzsche
Used cannabis as medicine .
Willie Nelson
" I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a drug .
Marijuana is an herb and a flower .
God put it here .
If He put it here and He wants it to grow , what gives the government the right to say that God is wrong ? "
( On the advisory board of NORML )
Sept.17 , 2006 : Wille Nelson cited for marijuana possession Jack Nicholson
" My point of view , while extremely cogent , is unpopular .
. . .
That the repressive nature of the legalities vis-a - vis drugs are destroying the legal system and corrupting the police system . "
Conan O'Brian
Sinead O'Connor
Luke Perry
Michael Phelps
Winner of 14 Olympic gold medals .
Pablo Picasso
Brad Pitt
Supposed he and Jennifer Aniston enjoyed smoking up together .
Brad has been seen wearing pro-marijuana shirts .
Looking for a pro-marijuana shirt ?
Ross Rebagliati
This Canadian was almost stripped of his Gold Medal in Snowboarding after traces of marijuana were found in his system during post - race drug testing .
Keanu Reeves
Seth Rogen
Did Seth Rogen and James Franco really smoke a joint while presenting at the MTV Awards ?
Watch video
Carl Sagan
" Looking at fires when high , by the way , especially through one of those prism kaleidoscopes which image their surroundings , is an extraordinarily moving and beautiful experience . "
William Shakespeare
Fragments of pipes unearthed near Shakespeare 's garden showed traces of cocaine and cannabis .
No direct evidence connecting the pipes to Shakespeare .
Paul Simon Kevin Smith
Wesley Snipes
Has been seen in Canabis Cafes .
Alan Sorkin Sting
Oliver Stone
Margaret Trudeau Pierre Elliot Trudeau
Photo of Trudeau trying a hooka pipe .
Ted Turner
A former anchorperson for CNN said that it is common knowledge that Turner sits in his office and smokes marijuana .
Dionne Warwick
Whitney Houston's Aunt ... also caught with pot at an airport .
Do you think they ever smoked a joint together ?
Maybe they did some hotboxing .
George Washington
Neil Young
' On the Beach ' is perhaps the most personal record Neil Young will ever make .
Young has commented that this record was made mostly under the influence of " Honey Slides " - a marijuana and honey concoction described by Young onstage at his Bottom Line show in May 1974 .
" You take [ poor grade marijuana ] and cook it up on the stove ... wait till the grass just starts to smoke ... just heat that honey up until it 's slippery , you know , and mix that grass with it ... I think you should eat it after that ... That cheap grass is great .
You know , in these times , you have to think about prices and things like that .
source
In which I contribute to Business 2.0 .
Today Google Base , Google 's semantic indexing service , launched .
The blogs are abuzz with the news , including B2Day , the official blog of the magazine Business2.0 .
In their posting on this great event , B2 Day included an image from a speculative essay on my own website , Ftrain.com .
B2 Day did not copy the image beforehand , nor did they link to my site via the image , nor did they provide attribution for the image .
They simply incorporated it into their own page , applying my bandwidth to their own needs .
This means , I thought , that they want me as a contributor !
I had only a few minutes before I needed to leave for work , so I worked fast and kept things simple .
This is how the page looked when I visited it for the first time .
Moments later it carried a message .
I should keep the discourse elevated , I thought .
Next , I decided I 'd leave a message for the blog 's proprietors - - a word of warning .
And then a commentary on their content .
But finally , I figured it would be in keeping with the spirit of their blog if I created a sizeable ad for my new novel , [ Gary Benchley , Rock Star ] .
Obviously the folks at B2D agree with my capitalist impulses , because that ad is up several hours later .
Viva commerce !
Looking back , there are so many things I could have done .
Bare breasts .
Organ transplants .
Swear words .
I remember the sweet day when I replaced [ this image ] with [ this one ] , thus confounding a few corporate websites .
I 've matured , I guess .
Not much , but some .
Or maybe I 've lost my edge .
. . . . .
Update , November 18 : Business2.0 has graciously asked for permission to include the original linked image on their weblog , attributed — which permission , of course , I gladly granted .
Sadly , they erased the numerous amusing comments about stoats that people posted to their comment board .
I am very glad that someone posted a comment that read : “ Stoat riot !
Stoat riot !
Stoat riot !” -- if Gary Benchley ever starts another band , it 'll be called Stoat Riot .
