Reacting to the bird strike that resulted in the nearly disastrous ditching of US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in January , government agencies announced new efforts on Thursday to control the region ’s noisy , prolific and seemingly indefatigable Canada geese .
A focus of the plan is the removal of up to 2,000 of the birds for the first time from more than 40 city - owned parks and other facilities within five miles of the city ’s airports .
The water landing of Flight 1549 “ served as a catalyst to strengthen our efforts in removing geese from , and discouraging them from nesting on , city property near our runways , ” Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said in a statement .
The city , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , and the United States Department of Agriculture are implementing the new plan .
The effort also includes the installation of a bird radar trial program at Kennedy Airport , said Chris Ward , the executive director of the authority .
He added that the authority would hire a second wildlife biologist to coordinate safety measures .
The first phase of the plan will begin next week , during the goose molting season , when the birds shed old wing feathers and are less mobile , and continue until the end of July .
Integrals are often described as finding the area under a curve .
This description is too narrow : it 's like saying multiplication exists to find the area of rectangles .
Finding area is a useful application , but not the purpose of multiplication .
Key insight : Integrals help us combine numbers when multiplication can't .
I wish I had a minute with myself in high school calculus :
" Psst !
Integrals let us ' multiply ' changing numbers .
We 're used to " 3 x 4 = 12 " , but what if one quantity is changing ?
We can't multiply changing numbers , so we integrate .
You 'll hear a lot of talk about area -- area is just one way to visualize multiplication .
The key is n't the area , it 's the idea of combining quantities into a new result .
We can integrate ( " multiply " ) length and width to get plain old area , sure .
But we can integrate speed and time to get distance , or length , width and height to get volume .
When we want to use regular multiplication , but can't , we bring out the big guns and integrate .
Area is just a visualization technique , do n't get too caught up in it .
Now go learn calculus ! "
That 's my aha moment : integration is a " better multiplication " that works on things that change .
Let 's learn to see integrals in this light .
Understanding Multiplication
Our understanding of multiplication changed over time :
With integers ( 3 x 4 ) , multiplication is repeated addition
With real numbers ( 3.12 x $ \sqrt{2} $ ) , multiplication is scaling
With negative numbers ( - 2.3 * 4.3 ) , multiplication is flipping and scaling
With complex numbers ( 3 * 3i ) , multiplication is rotating and scaling
We 're evolving towards a general notion of " applying " one number to another , and the properties we apply ( repeated counting , scaling , flipping or rotating ) can vary .
Integration is another step along this path .
Understanding Area
Area is a nuanced topic .
For today , let 's see area as a visual representation of of multiplication :
With each count on a different axis , we can " apply them " ( 3 applied to 4 ) and get a result ( 12 square units ) .
The properties of each input ( length and length ) were transferred to the result ( square units ) .
Simple , right ?
Well , it gets tricky .
Multiplication can result in " negative area " ( 3 x ( - 4 ) = - 12 ) , which does n't exist .
We understand the graph is a representation of multiplication , and use the analogy as it serves us .
If everyone were blind and we had no diagrams , we could still multiply just fine .
Area is just an interpretation .
Multiplication Piece By Piece
Now let 's multiply 3 x 4.5 :
What 's happening ?
Well , 4.5 is n't a count , but we can use a " piece by piece " operation .
If 3x4 = 3 + 3 + 3 + 3 , then
3 x 4.5 = 3 + 3 + 3 + 3 + 3x0.5 = 3 + 3 + 3 + 3 + 1.5 = 13.5
We 're taking 3 ( the value ) 4.5 times .
That is , we combined 3 with 4 whole segments ( 3 x 4 = 12 ) and one partial segment ( 3 x 0.5 = 1.5 ) .
We 're so used to multiplication that we forget how well it works .
We can break a number into units ( whole and partial ) , multiply each piece , and add up the results .
Notice how we dealt with a fractional part ?
This is the beginning of integration .
The Problem With Numbers
Numbers do n't always stay still for us to tally up .
Scenarios like " You drive 30 mph for 3 hours " are for convenience , not realism .
Formulas like " distance = speed * time " just mask the problem ; we still need to plug in static numbers and multiply .
So how do we find the distance we went when our speed is changing over time ?
Describing Change
Our first challenge is describing a changing number .
We can't just say " My speed changed from 0 to 30 mph " .
It 's not specific enough : how fast is it changing ?
Is it smooth ?
Now let 's get specific : every second , I 'm going twice that in mph .
At 1 second , I 'm going 2 mph .
At 2 seconds , 4mph .
3 seconds is 6 mph , and so on :
Now this is a good description , detailed enough to know my speed at any moment .
The formal description is " speed is a function of time " , and means we can plug in any time ( t ) and find our speed at that moment ( " 2t " mph ) .
( This does n't say why speed and time are related .
I could be speeding up because of gravity , or a llama pulling me .
We 're just saying that as time changes , our speed does too . )
So , our multiplication of " distance = speed * time " is perhaps better written :
where speed (t ) is the speed at any instant .
In our case , speed ( t ) = 2t , so we write :
But this equation still looks weird ! " t " still looks like a single instant we need to pick ( such as t=3 seconds ) , which means speed (t ) will take on a single value ( 6 mph ) .
That 's no good .
With regular multiplication , we can take one speed and assume it holds for the entire rectangle .
But a changing speed requires us to combine speed and time piece - by - piece ( second - by - second ) .
After all , each instant could be different .
This is a big perspective shift :
Regular multiplication ( rectangular ) :
Take the amount of distance moved in one second , assume it 's the same for all seconds , and " scale it up " .
Integration ( piece - by - piece ) :
See time as a series of instants , each with its own speed .
Add up the distance moved on a second - by - second basis .
We see that regular multiplication is a special case of integration , when the quantities are n't changing .
How large is a " piece " ?
How large is a " piece " when going piece by piece ?
A second ?
A millisecond ?
A nanosecond ?
Quick answer : Small enough where the value looks the same for the entire duration .
We do n't need perfect precision .
The longer answer : Concepts like limits were invented to help us do piecewise multiplication .
While useful , they are a solution to a problem and can distract from the insight of " combining things " .
It bothers me that limits are introduced in the very start of calculus , before we understand the problem they were created to address ( like showing someone a seatbelt before they 've even seen a car ) .
They 're a useful idea , sure , but Newton seemed to understand calculus pretty well without them .
What about the start and end ?
Let 's say we 're looking at an interval from 3 seconds to 4 seconds .
The speed at the start ( 3x2 = 6 mph ) is different from the speed at the end ( 4x2 = 8 mph ) .
So what value do we use when doing " speed * time " ?
The answer is that we break our pieces into small enough chunks ( 3.00000 to 3.00001 seconds ) until the difference in speed from the start and end of the interval does n't matter to us .
Again , this is a longer discussion , but " trust me " that there 's a time period which makes the difference meaningless .
On a graph , imagine each interval as a single point on the line .
You can draw a straight line up to each speed , and your " area " is a collection of lines which measure the multiplication .
Where is the " piece " and what is its value ?
Separating a piece from its value was a struggle for me .
A " piece " is the interval we 're considering ( 1 second , 1 millisecond , 1 nanosecond ) .
The " position " is where that second , millisecond , or nanosecond interval begins .
The value is our speed at that position .
For example , consider the interval 3.0 to 4.0 seconds :
" Width " of the piece of time is 1.0 seconds
The position ( starting time ) is 3.0
The value ( speed ( t ) ) is speed ( 3.0 ) = 6.0mph
Again , calculus lets us shrink down the interval until we can't tell the difference in speed from the beginning and end of the interval .
Keep your eye on the bigger picture : we are multiplying a collection of pieces .
Understanding Integral Notation
We have a decent idea of " piecewise multiplication " but can't really express it .
" Distance = speed ( t ) * t " still looks like a regular equation , where t and speed ( t ) take on a single value .
In calculus , we write the relationship like this :
The integral sign ( s - shaped curve ) means we 're multiplying things piece - by - piece and adding them together .
dt represents the particular " piece " of time we 're considering .
This is called " delta t " , and is not " d times t " .
t represents the position of dt ( if dt is the span from 3.0 - 4.0 , t is 3.0 ) .
speed (t ) represents the value we 're multiplying by ( speed ( 3.0 ) = 6.0 ) )
I have a few gripes with this notation :
The way the letters are used is confusing .
" dt " looks like " d times t " in contrast with every equation you 've seen previously .
We write speed ( t ) * dt , instead of speed ( t_dt ) * dt .
The latter makes it clear we are examining " t " at our particular piece " dt " , and not some global " t "
You 'll often see , with an implicit dt .
This makes it easy to forget we 're doing a piece - by - piece multiplication of two elements .
It 's too late to change how integrals are written .
Just remember the higher - level concept of ' multiplying ' something that changes .
Reading In Your Head
When I see
I think " Distance equals speed times time " ( reading the left - hand side first ) or " combine speed and time to get distance " ( reading the right - hand side first ) .
I mentally translate " speed (t ) " into speed and " dt " into time and it becomes a multiplication , remembering that speed is allowed to change .
Abstracting integration like this helps me focus on what 's happening ( " We 're combining speed and time to get distance ! " ) instead of the details of the operation .
Bonus : Follow - up Ideas
Integrals are a deep idea , just like multiplication .
You might have some follow - up questions based on this analogy :
If integrals multiply changing quantities , is there something to divide them ?
( Yes -- derivatives )
And do integrals ( multiplication ) and derivatives ( division ) cancel ?
( Yes , with some caveats ) .
Can we re-arrange equations from " distance = speed * time " to " speed = distance / time " ?
( Yes . )
Can we combine several things that change ?
( Yes -- it 's called multiple integration )
Does the order we combine several things matter ?
( Usually not )
Once you see integrals as " better multiplication " , you 're on the lookout for concepts like " better division " , " repeated integration " and so on .
Sticking with " area under the curve " makes these topics seem disconnected .
( To the math nerds , seeing " area under the curve " and " slope " as inverses asks a lot of a student ) .
Reading integrals
Integrals have many uses .
One is to explain that two things are " multiplied " together to produce a result .
Here 's how to express the area of a circle :
We 'd love to take the area of a circle with multiplication .
But we can't -- the height changes as we go along .
If we " unroll " the circle , we can see the area contributed by each portion of radius is " radius * circumference " .
We can write this relationship using the integral above .
( See the introduction to calculus for more details ) .
And here 's the integral expressing the idea " mass = density * volume " :
What 's it saying ?
Rho : $ \rho $ is the density function -- telling us how dense a material is at a certain position , r. dv is the bit of volume we 're looking at .
So we multiply a little piece of volume ( dv ) by the density at that position $ \rho ( r ) $ and add them all up to get mass .
We 'd love to multiply density and volume , but if density changes , we need to integrate .
The subscript V means is a shortcut for " volume integral " , which is really a triple integral for length , width , and height !
The integral involves four " multiplications " : 3 to find volume , and another to multiply by density .
We might not solve these equations , but we can understand what they 're expressing .
Onward an upward
Today 's goal is n't to rigorously understand calculus .
It 's to expand our mental model , and realize there 's another way to combine things : we can add , subtract , multiply , divide ... and integrate .
See integrals as a better way to multiply : calculus will become easier , and you 'll anticipate concepts like multiple integrals and the derivative .
Happy math .
Join Over 450k Monthly Readers Enjoy the article ?
There 's plenty more to help you build a lasting , intuitive understanding of math .
Join the newsletter for bonus content and the latest updates .
Other Posts In This Series
The following is a guest essay by Kurt Cobb exploring the concept of freedom via a resource depletion filter .
Kurt speaks and writes frequently on energy and the environment and is featured on many sites including Energy Bulletin and EV World .
His personal weblog is Resource Insights .
Previously on TheOilDrum , Kurt wrote Peak Oil and Mass Communication .
In the film " A Beautiful Mind " the putative hero is John Nash , the Nobel prize - winning mathematician who struggles with paranoid schizophrenia and ultimately overcomes it .
The same John Nash early in his career created a model of human behavior that lives on in our institutions and policies and which has significantly constricted our views of human freedom .
So says a BBC documentary series entitled " The Trap : What Happened to Our Dream of Freedom . "
( The three episodes of the documentary are available on YouTube : Episode One : F*ck You , Buddy , Episode Two : The Lonely Robot , Episode Three : We Will Force You To Be Free . )
The documentary 's thesis is that Nash 's view of humans as " self - seeking , almost robotic , creatures " has been incorporated into public policy and culture both in the United States and Great Britain in a way that undermines human freedom .
The issues discussed in the broadcast and in a seminal essay by philosopher Isaiah Berlin entitled " Two Concepts of Liberty " which is referenced in the program have profound implications for those concerned about peak oil , resource depletion in general or any set of issues that falls under the rubric of sustainability .
The ideas of negative and positive freedom outlined by Berlin in his famous essay and the Nashian model of human behavior pose difficult challenges to those who want to put human society on what they perceive as a more sustainable path .
First , let me briefly outline Berlin 's definitions of negative and positive freedom though a complete reading of his essay is necessary to comprehend all the nuances .
Negative freedom is essentially the freedom to be left alone .
It is freedom from coercion , but within a well - defined realm that has differed from age to age .
It would now commonly include one 's home life , religious life , leisure pursuits and even voluntary economic transactions ( that is , those involving something other than paying taxes ) .
It is the realm of personal choice .
But it is also the realm of privacy including the right to be free from arbitrary searches and the right to confidentiality in our financial and medical affairs .
Positive freedom is more difficult to explain .
It involves the amount of autonomy we have , that is , the power we are able to exert over our own lives outside the realm reserved for personal choice and privacy .
For example , at work your employer has a great deal to say about what you do , where you do it and how you are compensated .
If you are member of a union , then you along with your fellow employees will have a bit more to say about these issues .
If you are self - employed , you may have yet more autonomy , but your customers will limit what autonomy you have through the demands they put on you .
If you are independently wealthy and do not have to work , you may have yet more autonomy though your autonomy will never be absolute .
If you live under a dictatorship , even if the dictator is very benevolent and gives you a great deal of negative freedom , you will still have very little autonomy in the political sphere .
If you have a say in who governs you , then your positive freedom will increase .
But it does not necessarily follow that your negative freedom will also increase .
Berlin takes pains to point out that democracy does not always coincide with greater negative freedom .
Democratically elected governments can decide to curtail severely the realm of personal choice and privacy .
Witness the increasingly intrusive security measures enacted in the wake of the September 11th attacks on the United States .
Perhaps most important of all , each type of freedom is subject to being turned into an absolutist doctrine that perverts and undermines the very notion of freedom .
This is a mere sketch of Berlin 's two kinds of freedom .
But , it will serve my purpose of showing how contemporary notions of these two views of freedom affect efforts to reform society .
The social reformer is always on the side of positive freedom .
As it turns out , everyone who has a child is a social reformer .
Parents believe they know what 's best for children , and so they constantly correct their behavior .
They try to set them on a course that will allow them to prosper emotionally , physically and mentally , a course that will prepare them for adult life .
Certainly , parents normally allow a realm of play and free expression for their children that can be seen as a type of negative freedom .
But when it comes to brushing their teeth , eating their vegetables , and taking their vitamins , most parents take the view that an unhealthy child with rotting teeth and stunted growth will not be truly free to pursue his or her talents to the greatest degree possible .
This is where positive freedom comes in .
Without the ability to act autonomously either due to poor health , imprisonment or impoverishment , all the negative freedom in the world is useless .
A hungry person has little use for negative freedom and far more use for food .
True , a hungry person with wide latitude to act in the marketplace to obtain the food he or she needs may have advantages .
But lack of food may prohibit him or her from taking full advantage of that freedom in the first place .
In addition , parents also generally insist on education for their children .
Again , without any skills or social training , all the negative freedom in the world is meaningless .
Governments often act like parents with respect to their citizens .
They may insist on compulsory education for the young .
They may insist on vaccinations as a public health measure .
They may make laws to ensure the safety of food and automobiles .
This is , of course , where controversy rages .
The government as social reformer is behaving as if it knows what 's best for each of us in the belief that by compelling us to get an education or to follow certain procedures to produce disease - free food , it will enhance our individual and collective lives .
The belief is that following these requirements will actually make us more free by increasing our chances for success and helping us to maintain our health .
How far should the government go in trying to get us to do what is supposedly " best " for us ?
And , should it compel us to help other people obtain an education or basic nutrition or essential health care through taxation ?
In other words , is our freedom enhanced when the positive freedom of others who live around is also enhanced ?
Berlin is n't opposed to positive freedom , but fears its unrestrained trajectory .
The 20th century is replete with figures who were certain they knew what would allow humans to discover their true nature and become their highest and best selves .
The trouble with this sort of absolutist thinking is that it can end up justifying imprisoning , torturing and / or killing all who stand in the way of perfecting humanity .
The examples of the Stalinist purges of the 1930s and the so - called Cultural Revolution in China in the late 1960s and early 1970s are just two among many .
On the other hand , we celebrate figures such as Rachel Carson , who helped to spawn the modern environmental movement which has been in part focused on preventing the uncontrolled poisoning of the environment by human activities , especially the indiscriminate use of pesticides .
This has been done primarily through government regulation .
And , while in some circles controversy still swirls around the mandatory vaccination of children , Jonas Salk , inventor of the polio vaccine , is hailed by most as a hero for creating a vaccine which every child is now essentially forced to receive .
( Berlin might have been perplexed by the perversions of negative freedom as well .
At least one of the justifications for the war in Iraq was to bring freedom and democracy to the Middle East .
But the two words are not necessarily interchangeable as explained above .
The result has been to bring the tradition of negative freedom as we know it to Iraq , particularly in the functioning of the economy where the previous socialist system of government control was dismantled almost overnight .
Bringing our type of negative freedom to a country at the point of a gun has n't worked out as well as planned . )
So , what is the state of interplay of these two notions of freedom today ?
The answer in the United States and Great Britain is that we are as cultures one - sidedly wedded to the idea of negative liberty .
But even that idea has been further constricted by the widespread application of the Nashian model of human behavior in public policy .
Nash 's model was designed to describe a two - player game , namely The Cold War , in which the best posture was constant suspicion , and the most fruitful tactic betrayal .
Nash 's model is based on game theory and is related to the situation hypothesized in the now famous prisoner 's dilemma problem .
Each player plays to maximize his or her own gains without concern for the other .
This has become what the documentary " The Trap " refers to as the maximizing information processor model of human beings with particular but not exclusive reference to their economic transactions .
If humans are atomized self - maximizers , scheming and calculating for their own advantage at all times , then any policy that treats them otherwise is foolishly misguided .
Now , here is the crux of the problem for anybody who wants to reform society , that is , help others achieve more positive freedom .
If this model of humans is correct , then leaders in every part of society including government are only out to enhance their own well - being and power to the exclusion of everyone else .
American economist James M. Buchanan ( covered in the BBC documentary mentioned above ) even posited that there is no such thing at " the public interest . "
There is only the competing self - interest of government officials and politicians trying to maximize their own gains , i.e. more pay , more power , more promotions , more election wins , etc .
Therefore , the only way government could be made to serve the populace would be to provide incentives that make it in government employees ' self - interest to serve the self - interest of members of the public .
( There appears to be a bit of a contradiction here since citizens all working for their self - interest seems to be Buchanan 's definition of what 's best for society as a whole , i.e. the public interest .
But let 's leave this problem aside . )
Creating government services and protections for the public is problematic from the beginning , Buchanan and his fellow theorists explain .
It is better to leave everything one can to the marketplace .
That is where individuals can truly operate to satisfy their own interests most effectively and efficiently .
Buchanan was a consultant to the governments of both British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her successor , John Major .
It is Thatcher who once said : " Who is society ?
There is no such thing !
There are individual men and women and there are families . "
If you read the entire passage , you 'll see that she did n't quite embrace anarchy though her ideas reflect the libertarian notions evinced by Buchanan .
But the effect of Buchanan 's ideas can be seen even in the efforts of so - called left - of - center governments such as we find in a Clinton - era program referred to as " Reinventing Government . "
It is not the attempts to make government more effective at delivering services that should concern us here .
It is the notion that there is no such thing as the public interest .
If this is true , then there can be no meaningful program for improving society as a whole , only attempts by individuals to pursue their own improvement ( or not ) as they see fit .
In the context of resource depletion and sustainability such a view can only mean that the marketplace will determine all .
No government intervention can take place save to enhance the interests of particular groups at the expense of others .
That is the sole meaning of " government program . "
In Buchanan 's view it can not be construed otherwise .
The problem for those who seek widespread sustainability preparations is that this view has come to be widely accepted by the public and even by politicians .
And , its corollary -- that humans are all independent information processors that aim to maximize their personal gains at all times -- has also achieved a broad purchase on the public mind .
What strategy , then , might one pursue to counteract this view which is now so prevalent ?
I no longer concern myself with the diehard cornucopians and techno - optimists who will never be convinced that anything truly catastrophic could ever happen to us or the natural systems that support us .
The way to win any battle for the public mind is to focus on the so - called " persuadables . "
These are the people who have n't really made up their minds about an issue , and they tend to be the largest segment of any population .
On this count my worry grows exponentially .
As Robert Rapier has explained on this site previously in a piece entitled " We Wo n't Stop Global Warming , " most people say they want to do something about global warming .
But when one places a price on actually doing something , say , raising the cost of gasoline $ 1 a gallon through taxes , support for action drops precipitously .
People see themselves as maximizing consumers first , and citizens with duties to a greater society second .
Therein lies the conundrum .
Any public - spirited sacrifice -- even for people who believe there is a problem -- seems out of a question in societies whose entire politics and culture are dominated by the idea that personal wants are the equivalent of the public good .
In the longer run the question of human freedom becomes even more nettlesome in my view because a sustainable industrial society implies two things : a steady - state economy and a stable population .
And , that implies considerable regimentation of daily life , the likes of which people in Western - style democracies have never experienced .
It is conceivable to me that the privations of a post - peak oil world or , say , a food and water crisis brought on by the collapse of one or more key natural systems could alter the current paradigm of humans as selfish maximizers .
But , by then it will be too late to prepare ; we will only be coping .
I wonder whether anything can be done to change the way people think about freedom now , while there is still some time to do something that might be labeled as preparation .
Certainly , the negative freedom we enjoy today in places such as Britain , the United States and Canada , allows individuals to make their own preparations .
But that can only go so far .
It seems to me that collective action in many areas will be required to avoid the worst consequences of resource depletion and to forestall ecosystem collapse .
For that we need an entirely revised understanding of human freedom .
But , if that 's desirable , is it even possible ?
About The Author Aquil Akhter is a web graphic designer and has been working in this field for 8 years .
He also runs the blog webdesigncore.com , which focuses on free web … More about Aquil Akhter …
60 + Beautiful Photoshop Logo Tutorials And Resources
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
When we talk about a famous brand , the first thing that comes to mind is its logo .
The logo is the most essential component of any personal brand and also the hardest part to execute .
A logo must be appropriate , aesthetically pleasing and a reflection of the company ’s credibility .
Furthermore , a logotype should be synonymous with the company or product it represents and should penetrate people ’s minds as a selling agent .
When we talk about a famous brand , the first thing that comes to mind is its logo .
The logo is the most essential component of any personal brand and also the hardest part to execute .
A logo must be appropriate , aesthetically pleasing and a reflection of the company ’s credibility .
Furthermore , a logotype should be synonymous with the company or product it represents and should penetrate people ’s minds as a selling agent .
An amateurish logo design can more likely make your business fail for a number of reasons .
A logo is of great importance in creating brand identity , and you should be very careful in selecting one for your business .
Today , we present some outstanding logo design tutorials to give you a head start when it comes time to creating an amazing logo for your own business .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Unlimited Downloads : 500,000 + Logo Templates , Mockups , Stock Photos & Design Assets ( ad )
Download Now →
Logo Design Tutorials
Logo Design Project Step by Step Walkthrough
Follow this step by step documentation of the whole process of the logo design from conception to completion .
How to Design the Firefox Logo in Photoshop
This tutorial goes through how to create the Firefox logo in a scalable Photoshop format .
Design a Print - Ready Beer Label in Adobe Illustrator
This tutorial takes you from setup to production of a really cool beer label , although this could be useful for any bottled concoction of your choosing .
Dache : Logo Design Process
This case study provides full creative brief and progress images from start to final .
Sikbox Logo Design Process
In this tutorial Artist want to share a bit of the ideas and the design process for the logo creation .
Logo Design ( video Tutorial )
Corey recreates a video game logo by building a grid background and circular target using the define pattern and polar coordinate distort commands .
Crest Logo Tutorial in Photoshop
This tutorial shows how to create a crest logo in photoshop .
EURO 2008 Logo Design Step - by - step tutorial on creating the EURO 2008 logo .
Creating an Environmentally Friendly Green Type Treatment
In the following Illustrator tutorial , Tutorial will teach you how to create a Green type treatment .
It works great for logos and other design elements .
Logo Design Process Tutorial
In the following Illustrator tutorial , Tutorial will teach you how to create a Green type treatment .
It works great for logos and other design elements .
Creating a Crazy Cool Logo
In this tutorial you ’ll learn how to create the crazy cool logo .
Step - by - step logo A very comprehensive Step - by - step Logo Tutorial
Making the ATI Logo In ATI LOGO tutorial Artist will use Photoshop and a mere mouse .
Artist will use basic PS techniques and a little bit of layer styling .
Logo Design Process and Walk - Through for Vivid Ways
In this tutorial , UK - based graphic designer Chris Spooner describes the design process and walks through creating the final logo in Adobe Illustrator .
Making the Metallic Transformers Logo
In this really fantastic tutorial , you ’re shown how to build a beautiful logo step by step .
The process can be applied to any logo you are creating .
Illustrative Logo : Bow the Knee
In this tutorial , the artist explains step by step how he designed this attractive logo .
Source files are included , so you can manually de-construct the method he used to create his reference image .
Papercraft Text Effect Easily create your own logo using the beautiful text effect in this tutorial .
Test your logo with different fonts and colors .
Windows Vista Desktop
Themes
A simple step - by - step tutorial on making the Windows Vista logo in Photoshop .
Learn how to make the mirror and glossy effects and how to use such Photoshop tools as gradient , pen , bevel and emboss , eraser , etc .
Wooden Text Effect in Photoshop
An outstanding tutorial .
Though not a logo tutorial per se , the effect and textures can easily be applied to any logo design .
Very clear and easy to follow .
Create a Fly Logo Design , Part 2
This tutorial focuses on the process of creating a logo for a Web design client .
It covers developing a logo from concept to completion and working with the client throughout the process .
Virtual DJ
In this detailed tutorial , you will learn how to design this beautiful DJ smile .
The tutorial is not specific to logos , but the process and tools used here may be very helpful when it comes to actually creating one .
Mac OS X Logo Learn how to design an awesome Mac OS X logo wallpaper .
Create a Retro Logo
Your logo is much more than a corporate badge .
After all , if you ’re in the design business , it ought to reflect the “ design ” as much as the “ business . ”
Here , the artist puts a new twist on a classic ‘ 70s illustration - based Blaxploitation logo .
Euroleague 3D Logo Draw 3 - D Euroleague logo using Photoshop and Corel drawing tools , gradient fills and 3 - D effects .
Star Wars Text Effect
In this tutorial , the artist works on the Star Wars text effect , which you could also implement in your logo project .
Umbrella Corporation logo
The Umbrella Corporation is a fictional bio-engineering pharmaceutical company that appears in the Resident Evil series of survival - horror games by Capcom and in the film adaptations .
In this Adobe Photoshop tutorial , you ’ll create Umbrella Corporation logo .
Create an Origami Logo
By creating the origami logo in this Photoshop tutorial , you ’ll get a little taste of one of the logo trends predicted for 2009 .
Create a Logo Identity
If you ’re setting up shop on your own , you ’ll need a logo .
Follow Alan Wardle ’s advice on creating a unique design .
3D Logo Tutorial
In this tutorial , you ’ll start making a logo shape , put it in rough 3 - D and then finish it in Photoshop .
So easy even a beginner can do it .
How to Create the Volkswagen Logo
This tutorial shows you how to draw the legendary Volkswagen emblem , using layer styles , radial gradients and the polygonal lasso selection tool ( to do the tracing part ) .
The Amazing Spiderman Learn how to easily make the Amazing Spiderman logo for a wallpaper .
Cool Music Logo on a Grunge Background
You will find these techniques to make a logo and background for a cool grunge - style website outstanding .
3D Encide Logo Tutorial ( PSD Included )
A great tutorial , showing the entire process of making a logo in Photoshop .
How to Make an Awesome Logo
In this tutorial , the artist documents the entire process of creating a logo , from start to finish .
He encourages you to open up Photoshop and follow each step , which would help you learn a lot more than by just reading it .
Create Rainbow Logos with Warped Grids Warped Grids are an easy technique , but very versatile , too , and you will be able to use it in all sorts of designs .
In this case , the artist uses it for a logo .
3 - D Glossy Box Logo Create a 3 - D glossy box logo in this amazing Photoshop tutorial .
Sony Ericsson Logo
In this tutorial , the artist makes Sony Ericsson logo in about 20 minutes .
Besides doing this , you will learn how to save time , change layer styles and re-use copies of your original effects and forms .
So let ’s go .
Versus Inspired Photoshop Logo Tutorial
This Adobe Photoshop tutorial shows you how to create a rounded logo , inspired by the Versus cable network .
This tutorial , in which gradients and layer styles are used , is great for all Photoshop users , from beginner to intermediate .
Glowing and sparkling intense light 3d logo
In this tutorial Artist going to teach you how to create a glowing and sparkling intense light 3D glow logo .
This tutorial shows different techniques .
Creating a Retro Logo
In this tutorial Artist will try to show you how he normally make his pics look retro .
Brainstorm9 Logo Process Comprehensive Briefing the design process of Brainstorm # 9 Logo .
Logo Presentation Tutorial
This tutorial will teach you how to present your logotype , simulating a macro photo of the logo printed on paper .
Logo Design Articles and Resources
2009 Logo Design Trends
Logo Design Creation Process from Start to Finish by Expert Graphic Designer , Mark Misenheimer
10 Things to Expect from Your Logo Designer
How Google Got Its Colorful Logo
5 Vital Logo Design Tips
The Logo Design Process of Top Logo Designers
Logo Design Process for Just Creative Design ’s Award - Winning Logo
The World ’s Best Logo Designers
Related posts
You may be interested in the following related posts :
I do n't know if this is unprecedented , exactly , but I suspect the intensity of infighting among Iran 's rulers is novel .
Aside from the arrests of reformists , we have the open targeting of even quite establishment figures , members of the Rafsanjani family and so on .
Now , the conservative majles speaker Larijani has said that ' most '
Iranians think the election result was fixed .
He has been condemning the protesters , but there are now reports that he 's expressing ' concern ' over the crackdowns .
And he is being attacked in what would ordinarily be sympathetic right - wing papers .
We 've had Montazeri , apparently one of those who exerted a humanising influence on Iran 's penal system in the 1980s , denouncing the election results and the attacks on the protesters .
We 've had Khatami attacking the ' hardliners ' and condemning the government for outlawing protests .
I do n't encourage anyone to put their faith in any of these individuals , but the fact of the shift is significant and bears consideration .
The protesters did n't just take advantage of a split ; they stuck a big crowbar in it , and pushed .
The neocons are trying to take credit for this on the bizarre assumption that the destruction of Iraq belatedly prompted a liberation movement in Iran .
A sharp piece by Justin Raimondo points out that it is far more likely that " the Obama effect " ( actually , the effect of the US facing defeat in Iraq ) allowed Iran 's system to open up a bit more , and enabled the establishment to air its differences a bit more openly .
If it was just a split in the ruling class , those who expected the movement to fizzle out would have been right .
But so far , despite some premature indications from commentators , there is no sign that they are right .
Yesterday 's protests apparently spread well beyond Tehran , with this footage purportedly coming from the southern city of Kerman .
Despite the ongoing violence of the state , the protesters kept coming out , in new places .
Given the extreme brutality of the basiji , it is amazing that the protesters did n't just stop turning out .
But it may be that the repressive strategy is blowing back on the state .
For , after the murder of Neda Soltani , and the reaction against it , Mousavi seems to feel more confident to make his move .
He and other ' reformers ' are backing protests over this , apparently despite a government ban - quite unlike previous occasions where they have backed down and allowed protesters to brave the basij militias alone .
He now says he is trying to organise a general strike , and is getting some interesting advice from people responding to his Facebook message .
But if the protesters had followed his advice and stopped turning out when rallies were declared banned , he would not now be in a position to talk about a general strike .
Unconfirmed reports on The Guardian have suggested that 30 % of workers in Iran are already striking - which , if true , would be a phenomenal rebuke to the government , which threatened that anyone who did n't turn up for work would be fired .
Try sacking 30 % of the workforce .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Iran 's 2009 Election Results Suggest Massive Fraud ... Just Like Ohio's in 2004 "
( 55 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Tyler Black said on 6/13/2009 @ 2:19 pm PT ...
Everyone knows it 's fraud .
Everyone knew it was going to be fraudulent .
That 's not what 's important at this point .
Here 's what is : http://www.eleventhdraft.com/blog?id=365
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/13/2009 @ 3:27 pm PT ...
On the one hand , I do n't find it so surprising at all that Ahmadinejad would have won by a healthy margin .
There 's a lot of irony in Mousavi 's complaints in this regard , held over from when he was prime minister , and while the affluent in Tehran , the youth , and the expats may have been heavily in favor of Mousavi , the entire rest of Iran , that may well take understandable pride in the ayatollahs ' stand against injustice , and resent the " international " pressure against them , very well might have voted for Ahmadinejad .
There is also talk that some of his performance in the recent debates would have reminded them of certain facts being ignored by the Mousavi camp .
On the other , al Jazeera is reporting that the computerized voting will be reviewed to check the results .
That can't be a good sign .
If you ask me , the whole vilification of Ahmadinejad for stuff he did not say , and for questioning what most find reprehensible to question , is completely overblown , and everyone freaking out that a figurehead who cannot do what the ayatollahs do n't want him to do is some kind of a villain is stupid , and dangerous .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/13/2009 @ 4:28 pm PT ...
Well done , Brad !
All afternoon I 've been captivated by the news coming out of Iran ( or NOT coming out ) , and could not help but make the same comparison .
Got a chill reading reports that election monitors were barred from observing the count .
( More PTSD flashback than benign chill , really . )
Truly trippy morning .
I could n't wait to see what you 'd write .
In keeping with the theme of historical redundancy and stolen election questions : 1 . Why did they " over- rig " this election ?
Did the Iranian shadow government learn nothing from observing our shadow government ?
It 's just so weird that they put real consideration behind numbers so over the top crazy no one would believe them .
2 . If Ahmadinejad is the puppet figurehead president in the scenario , who is the Blackwell ?
and 3 .
That Abrams has some boiled - brass nuggets , do n't he ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Konstantin said on 6/13/2009 @ 7:21 pm PT ...
Why is everyone saying it 's a fraud ?
Did they use voting machines from Sequoia and Diebold ?
In that case I can understand .
Is it the kind of " apparent fraud " like when in Hamas won major seats in the Palestinian Authority ?
in other words is it a fraud when " the party the US does n't like wins " ?
Will there be a call for " regime change " ... err I mean a call for Iran to stop their " weapons of mass destruction " or risk invasion ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... PacificJohn said on 6/13/2009 @ 7:49 pm PT ...
Sure it 's Ohio .
It 's also the Iowa through Texas Dem primaries .
The problem Glenn Greewald identifies , that no one will take us seriously if we 're hypocrites , will haunt us until we take our own laws seriously .
Color me pessimistic .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Joyce McCloy said on 6/13/2009 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
Enough people in Iran believe the election was fraudulent to believe it could be .
Andrew Sullivan at the Daily Dish is getting updates from Farsi readers .
Some facts about Iran 's election .
Yes , they have paper ballots .
hand counted .
Voters present identification at the sign in table , they get a ballot that has an identifier on it , plus they put their fingerprint on the ballot .
Oh , and women and men do NOT line up together to vote , they are segregated .
As would be their ballots .
There is so much to enable voter coercion and supression it is n't funny .
Iranians do NOT have a secret ballot .
Not really .
The outrage of the voters plus the violence in the streets is an indicator that something is really wrong .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/13/2009 @ 10:50 pm PT ...
I 'm not kidding .
I listened to a couple thousand al Jazeera reports on this , with interviews with their local bureau , actual reporters on the ground , and they reported that the computer voting was going to be checked for accuracy .
I would not have mistaken such a report .
So , notwithstanding paper ballots and fingerprints , there is evidence of some computerized component to this , and , as we so well know , ANYONE can hack those .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 6/14/2009 @ 3:38 am PT ...
I heard a report on one of the news shows yesterday ( do n't recall which one because it was n't important to me at the time ) that said to the effect that voting methods were mixed with computer voting in some urban areas and hand counted paper ballots in other parts of the country .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... azmat mall said on 6/14/2009 @ 1:51 pm PT ...
Mahmoud Ahemednijad is George Bush of Iran who believes in winning at all costs .
We know Bush won two terms frauduently & in proccess inflicting the country with great harm .
How could it happen , a landslide victory for Mahmoud ?
Just a day before , the polsters were predicting a very very close election & even the victory for the opponent Mousavi .
We have to remember elections in Iran are just a formality , offered by the elders to the popluation , a false sense of democracy .
In Iran the dictatorship of theoacrcy is well known .
You dont win unless you have the blessing of Ayatulllahs , the spiritual gaurdians of Iran .
Its like when the popes used to have the absolute power .
Its the simular situation , no difference whatsoever .
Just the other day , my friends & I were betting who wins the election .
We all agreed the winning odds were overwhelmingly with the ayatullah & we were right .
It would be a long long time before there is even a hint of democracy in Iran .
No democracy is perfect but US has limits to presidential term otherwise we could have been looking at the most stupid king George w. Bush .
So prototype of Bush will survive for a long long time to come .
I cant help but feel sorry for the Iranian people who were looking forward to bigger & better future for their country .
It was no surprise but We must strive for hope , peace , & love but the greatest of these is love .
And love conquers all .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/14/2009 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
I WOULD LIKE TO DRAW EVERYONE'S ATTENTION TO THIS POST AT A HIGHLY RESPECTED BRITISH LEFTIST BLOG .
Ahmadinejad won .
I 've been scouring the internet and every news outlet I can find remotely trustworthy , and , dammit , this is mostly our media on a smear campaign .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... onyx said on 6/14/2009 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
Let 's see ...
The media is blasting fraud allegations without backing it up with any data .
I had to dig some but I found a pre-election poll that showed Ahamdinejad with twice the votes of Mousavi .
Not very convincing , but plenty to cause me to hold my opinion .
Does n't seem very similar to Ohio to me where the hard evidence was plentiful and the media completely silent .
To me it 's exactly the opposite - media raging and no evidence - yet anyways .
I have n't made my mind up on this yet and I 'm a bit surprised that so many Brad Blogger have !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... onyx said on 6/14/2009 @ 3:48 pm PT ...
Good find 99
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/14/2009 @ 4:36 pm PT ...
Onyx @ 11 said : Does n't seem very similar to Ohio to me where the hard evidence was plentiful and the media completely silent .
To me it 's exactly the opposite - media raging and no evidence - yet anyways .
Really ?
Are the mainstream media in Iran completely silent ?
Or are they about where our country 's media were the next day or two after Ohio ' 04 ?
But my references , in the original article , to Ohio , were larger in regard to the way the election was run and tabulated .
So where you say " hard evidence was plentiful " two days after Ohio , what " hard evidence " was that ?
You see , the point is that there was very little " hard evidence " , either for or against a Bush " win " in Ohio in '04 at that point , and very little either way in Iran at this point as well .
Why ?
Because neither they , nor we , use processes that allow for full transparency and citizen oversight .
Thus , it 's all a guessing game .
Supporters of Bush / Ahmadinejad / Kerry / Mousavi were / are able to cite " evidence " and / or offer speculative reasons why their candidates won / lost .
Might I suggest election processes that leave no room for guesswork , but rather provide documented , overseeable evidence so we can remove the guesswork from democratic election results ?
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/14/2009 @ 5:03 pm PT ...
99 - Wha !?
Even Iranian clerics and high ranking military officials are calling this election a stinker .
( From HuffPo : ) Grand Ayatollah Sanei in Iran has declared Ahmadinejad 's presidency illegitimate and cooperating with his government against Islam . "
and
" Former head of Revolutionary Guards contests election .
Rezaei , the conservative candidate and fmr head of Revolutionary Guards , apparently publishes open letter strongly contesting iran election . "
http://www.huffingtonpos...ions-viole_n_215189.html
Not only that , but I understand the most glaring anomaly from the Iranian Ministry is the numbers indicating Mousavi lost his own home town .
According to every polling expert in the region , that 's damn near impossible .
Meantime , reformist politicians have been arrested , observers barred from witnessing the count , news crews are having equipment and video confiscated , Iranian police are defecting to fight along side Mosavi supporters , and now it would seem like the regime is sending in thugs on motorcycles to kill kids at University of Tehran ( unconfirmed ) .
Does this sound like the behavior of a legitimate president elect to you ?
As for the press - CNN was n't adequately reporting on Iran at ALL until we started a " CNNfail " thread on Twitter .
( CNN has since addressed the criticism and responded with better coverage . )
Interesting note : some Iranians have posed the idea that the percentages were just " flipped " --- that Mousavi actually won the 63 percentile , and the regime was just so frightened by his margin of victory they thought little of inverting the numbers to favor themselves .
Made me think if your info re : some machine tabulation is correct , then well , as you say , that info certainly lines up with all we have hurt ourselves learning about stolen elections .
Yes , 99 - I , too , would like to see more information on the numbers and to know more about how this fraud was perpetrated .
I have n't been able to find much , either .
But with a partial " news blackout " in the region , it does n't seem as though that news is going to be forthcoming right away .
Hell , it takes us years and years in this country to get that data .
I do n't want to second guess your " highly respected British Blog " , but !
Twitter , where Iranians are tweeting this revolution directly , is a more ... immediate source of information .
http://twitter.com/#search?q=%23iranelection
Technology finally rises to meet it 's highest power and finest hour , IMHO .
Captivating .
If only we 'd had Twitter in 2004 ...
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/14/2009 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
The best on - the - ground Iranian election coverage I 've found so far : http://www.michaeltotten...9/06/insurrection-da.php
( reliable reader - supported blogger , just like someone we know ... )
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/14/2009 @ 5:49 pm PT ...
I believe we are victims of a purposeful campaign to misrepresent the candidates and the election in Iran , akin to the media blitz of bald - faced lies about Russia 's fight with Georgia last summer , Jeannie .
Robert Fisk 's sources insist there was no rigging , a bunch of pre-election polls reflect Mousavi with no kind of lead as was reported here .
He may have been a contender in Tehran , and with expats , and maybe largely due to propaganda from the West , but not across Iran .
In the rest of Iran Ahmadinejad is revered for helping the poor .
He feeds them , gets them educations , works hard to raise their prospects .
The more advantaged are pissed off at him for spending a quarter of the country 's money in this effort , saying it is causing inflation .
He may be a bumpkin fundamentalist who squelches the more cosmopolitan instincts of some of the people , and I certainly can't hang with the executions and the dress code stuff , but it turns out that he has gone a VERY long way to help the common man in Iran .
So , in a way , personally , I 'm surprised he did n't win by a bigger margin .
I have a bunch of links at my blog that point to different conclusions and they are n't flimsy ... especially not those polls at the Lenin 's Tomb link .
We scream about being propagandized by our own MSM , but fail to see just how propagandized [ blinded ] we are when the chips are down .
We believe the reports of the JSOC assassination teams sent into Iran .
We believe the reports of U.S. funding for terrorist groups to help destabilize Iran , bring about regime change , so Halliburton can go in and rake in more bucks there .
We hear about this stuff for years , and we see Obama going right along with it , but then , when the best opportunity to create intense enmity toward the regime is at hand , suddenly we start believing the MSM and the outrageously overblown Mousavi campaign malarky we 've been being fed ....
A lot of very smart people are falling for it .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Ross Levin said on 6/14/2009 @ 5:53 pm PT ...
This is the most honest article I 've seen on the Iranian election so far .
Good job , I 'm glad I found the Brad Blog recently .
It 's interesting that Elliot Abrams said " vote fraud " and not " election fraud , " and I do n't think it 's insignificant .
He 's just spreading that myth of individual voter fraud in order to overshadow his own hypocrisy with regards to the reality of systematic election fraud .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... onyx said on 6/14/2009 @ 6:37 pm PT ...
Brad - there was quite a lot of evidence of election fraud prior to Ohio 04 that was being ignored by the media .
I remember the hope we all had that Ohio 04 would provide the smoking gun that the media could no longer ignore .
Of course , we have all subsequently learned that the media has no interest in the truth - or have we ?
I think 99 is right .
Until I see more evidence I 'm not going to believe any of the hype .
The media allegations are too self serving to be above suspicion .
I 'd like to know more about how the Iranian elections are run .
Do you have anything you can fill us in with ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Pablo de Albuquerque said on 6/14/2009 @ 7:51 pm PT ...
I find Ahmedenajad 's explanation of this win eerie - rural religous communities .
Sound familiar ???
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Debbie McDaniel said on 6/14/2009 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
I have a lot of respect for Juan Cole and his knowledge of the Middle East .
I tend to believe him when he said in his blog tha he thought there was mischief afoot .
Check it out .
It 's Informed Comment at jricole@gmail.com .
He is an expert , real expert on all things Middle Eastern .
He calmly and logically laid out he reasons for thinking the election was stolen .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 6/14/2009 @ 9:38 pm PT ...
WHO THE CIA VOTE FOR ?
Also , apparently this Mousavi guy that the western media is so happy to portray as a " reformer " is the same asshat that ordered the killing of 30,000 political prisoners in Iran in 1988 .
Why is it that our government always winds up supporting murderous dictators and the like ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 6/14/2009 @ 9:44 pm PT ...
Also , I think the idea that any news coming out of that country is particularly reliable at this point is pretty naive .
I mean twitter ?
Really ?
How the hell do we know who is tweeting what and from where ?
My gut tells me this is another attempted cia coup ... and Brad is helping manage the perception of it as a grass roots revolution by comparing it here to the 2004 election .
Tsk f'ing tsk .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/14/2009 @ 10:00 pm PT ...
Gos I am 100 % with you on Mousavi and the Twitter crap , here 's proof , but I resent the living hell out of you implying that Brad is helping " manage the perception " ... as though he were some agent for the the murderating fucks of the world .
PLEASE .
Get a grip .
Brad does n't care if you do that to him , but I care .
I have to read this stuff all the time , and I hate all these baseless and outrageously ugly accusations .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/14/2009 @ 11:02 pm PT ...
YES , Gos ( and now 99 ) --- TWITTER .
I know it sounds juvenile , but that 's what I 'm telling you :
Twitter has come into it's own as of this moment in history as a tool for organizing collective international citizen influence .
Twitter changed the MSM media discourse , today .
( DC Technology and Politics Examiner )
" How online word - of - mouth can change mainstream media election coverage "
http://tinyurl.com/m8syqt
Twitter helped Iranians organize themselves a deafening , chilling rooftop protest last night :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WU-cxEEJ-E
Twitter allowed citizens to simultaneously flood the Ayatollah 's / Ahmedenajad 's State run websites and ( apparently ) shut them down .
( ca n't find the link right now , but you can try to Google them and see if they 're still out of commission . )
Most importantly , Twitter is where I 'm getting feeds in real time to real video posted by Iranians ... and no , Gos , we can't confirm their identity --- but we can confirm their posts are coming from inside Iran , and the images they 're showing us are of wounded kids .
I appreciate your position ( in fact I relish your smarts ) but if you can't see how this technology would 've saved our asses in 2004 , then you have no vision .
ah~ !
And this just rolled up on my Iran Election Twitter feed ...
http://www.nytimes.com/2...ml?_r=1&ref=business
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Bowler said on 6/15/2009 @ 1:00 am PT ...
i wonder if there is anyway to actually re-count the votes , or if Iran has a mechanism to allow for that
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/15/2009 @ 1:06 am PT ...
Jeannie , the point is that Twitter is as excellent a tool for propaganda , and for people who wish to foment destabilization in a country that is hogging our oil .
There is heavy indication and plenty of very understandable reasons why Ahmadinejad would have won that election and even by the margin reported , and there 's heavy indication those kids were whipped into a frenzy to back as an Obama a man who has a CHILLINGLY totalitarian background , including helping the Reagan boys with the Iran / Contra arms deal ... we 're talking people who came to be known as NEOCONS .
I do n't know if Twitter was any part of their means , but it easily furthered their intent to foment rioting .
On top of that , they are putting out all over the intertubes fake stories about Mousavi being told he was the winner , but not to announce it --- he DID announce it and ridiculously precipitously --- and fake numbers to make the result seem yet more suspicious .
It 's all over the place , heavily to do with information being disseminated through Twitter .
And , as we 've all seen , plenty of people are swallowing that action whole ... just like the chumps in front of the Evening News .
Nothing in the world saying that there are n't a number of CIA agents , and other undesirables , Twittering away the disinformation as fast as their sweaty little fingers can type .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/15/2009 @ 1:18 am PT ...
From your NYT link :
Untold thousands used the label “ CNNfail ” on Twitter to vent their frustrations .
Steve LaBate , an Atlanta resident , said on Twitter , “ Why are n’t you covering this with everything you ’ve got ? ”
About the same time , CNN was showing a repeat of Larry King ’s interview of the stars of the “ American Chopper ” show .
For a time , new criticisms were being added on Twitter at least once a second .
I have seen gripes in a number of places that a great many of those CNNfail tweets were putting out the identical tinyurl address ... which means they were all coming from one source .
Does n't matter how many thousands then , does it ?
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/15/2009 @ 2:34 am PT ...
99 ~ According to the Juan Cole article linked to above by Debbie @ # 20 ( bad link , btw / found it here : )
http://www.alternet.org/...n_numbers_don%27t_add_up " ... Ahmadinejad is claimed to have taken Tehran by over 50 % .
Again , he is not popular in the cities , even , as he claims , in the poor neighborhoods , in part because his policies have produced high inflation and high unemployment .
That he should have won Tehran is so unlikely as to raise real questions about these numbers ... "
Ahmadinejad took Tehran ?!
I 'm imagining that 's as wildly improbable as George Bush eeking out a victory in New York City .
" Twitter is as excellent a tool for propaganda ... "
Okay .
Maybe , 99 .
But not as excellent as the New York Times .
Not as main - stage and dangerous as FOX NEWS .
Twitter 's not scrolling by my face at my GYM , so right now we 're talking mostly small beans , one - on - one perpetration ; not the kind of wholesale propaganda ( to use a popular axiom around us election lovin ' types ) we 're used to seeing regularly on our public airwaves from Bleck-y Glenn and the one who shall not be named .
Yes , Twitter Trolls are out there , sure , some maybe even on C.I.A. payroll --- but just because the info is not vetted does n't mean it 's not valid .
It 's what is born of DE - isolationism , 99 .
It 's the collective rejection of propaganda ; the re-direction of the macro focus for micro benefit .
But yes , like any new medium , it 's only as effective as it's participants are well - informed .
And Aye , there 's the rub .
( I 'm not quite sure I understand your last point about the same URLs .
Are you talking about some kind of " power tweeting " ?
If I understand your point correctly --- does n't really matter if it makes the tweeting trends " list , puts it on CNN 's radar and causes them adjust their shitty coverage from Larry King gar - baaage to the lovely Christine Anamanamojopour curling the hairs on Ahmadinejad 's chinny chin chin , am I right ? )
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 6/15/2009 @ 4:03 am PT ...
Does anyone find it outrageous , how our media and politicians are saying anything about other country 's elections , and nothing about ours ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... onyx said on 6/15/2009 @ 6:01 am PT ...
I 'm still willing to admit that I may be wrong , but 99 and I smell bullshit .
Time will tell .
Stay tuned .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... onyx said on 6/15/2009 @ 6:17 am PT ...
Average of 25 pre-election polls :
Ahamadinejad - avg40.3 % max 62.7 % min 22.5 %
Mousavi - avg37.8 % max64 % min 13 % The Tehran only polls showed them to be very even .
In other major cities Ahmadinejad was way ahead .
Source : http://en.wikipedia.org/...sidential_election,_2009
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... onyx said on 6/15/2009 @ 7:41 am PT ...
Nate Silver over at http://www.fivethirtyeight.com/ has some interesting info .
Admittedly not very well vetted though .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/15/2009 @ 7:50 am PT ...
Jeannie , I ordinarily find Juan Cole 's stuff pretty good , but I thought that piece was extremely ill - considered .
He is a much - to - be- admired expert on the Middle East , but looks as though Iran might be his weak spot , or he was getting too much of the hotly - partisan outrage from people near him to think through it .
It 's extremely hard work to get the straight dope on Iran , but not impossible to dig up reportage from sources with no axes to grind .
Mousavi was not leading in the polls .
He was behind by 20 points .
The only Iranians on the net are expats and less than 8 % of their population , which are in the cities and considered privileged ...
Mousavi 's constituency .
They were saying that Ahmadinejad had ruined the economy by giving as much as a quarter of Iran 's revenues to the poor .
For food .
For education .
For things that would help them raise their prospects .
There 's plenty of evidence his policies are n't failing at all .
They are winning him solidarity from the masses .
This privileged class is embarrassed by his fundamentalism , wanting a more cosmopolitan and less restrictive life , and DREAM that someone who speaks less antagonistically toward Israel 's policies and attacks on its neighbors will stop the aggression .
Their desire for these things is being used to foment this kind of fabulous PR campaign for those who wish to attack Iran , being used against them .
They are obliging ill - motivated provocateurs and so are all the kids tweeting their heads off about this .
Honestly , I sometimes wonder why people get so freaked about a crackdown on the net , the whole net neutrality thing , because the propagandists are playing it like a fiddle .
They would be lost without it .
And they 've gone batshit crazy for texting on their cell phones there too .
It 's as bad there as with our kids here .
Texting , tweeting , Facebook , all the social networking stuff is proving to be an indispensable tool for political gain , creating the buzz .
Whatever buzz they want to create , fair or foul , gets created and the kids are marching to it like an army ... like lemmings ....
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/15/2009 @ 8:33 am PT ...
99 , Onyx , et al . ~
Listening to experts on NPR explain the pre-election polls you are citing above .
Asked to explain the substantial Ahmadinejad lead , they said that these polls had been taken a month earlier , long before some of the candidates were even approved to run by the clerical hierarchy .
Noting Iran 's notoriously short election season , they said there were huge fluctuations in these numbers from day to day and expressed dismay that the numbers would be cited by the Washington Post ( and others ) as any kind of legitimate record of consequence .
They stressed ( like Brad ) that while there may never be a way to verify election fraud in this case because the votes were counted in secret , and while they stressed it 's very possible that Ahmadinejad might have legitimately won --- the glaring irregularities and impossible margins of victory in the urban vote deviate substantially from previous election results in those regions .
Also , the percentage of votes cast for each of the candidates stayed relatively steady across the country , regardless of region / demographics ( more deeply - flawed familiar fun , anyone ? )
Finally , the official results for the two lesser candidates were wildly different than those same pre-election polls would suggest .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/15/2009 @ 9:15 am PT ...
Well I linked a poll taken two days before the election , I think .
And the Supreme Leader has announced they are looking into the allegations of election fraud .
Heh , gathering up all the memory cards to do this ....
And so I guess we 're going to see .
My main point I can't seem to stress strongly enough is that we have been sending in agents of destabilization for a long time and this IS that .
I included an audio of a short interview with Sy Hersh about precisely this on that link .
I 'm begging everyone not to lose sight of the malign intent that has been working full time on Iran for quite a while now , and not to just let their knees break their teeth when they jerk up and hit them in the chin over this Iranian Obama crap .
The man was deeply involved in the Iran / Contra horrors and the persecution and killing of scores of Iranian leftists .
He 's a damn snake all dressed up in people 's hopes and dreams for change , with tweets and texts dripping from his pores , for people who have no clue who he is ... and for people forgetting utterly the warnings of history and of Sy Hersh .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 6/15/2009 @ 12:09 pm PT ...
IF the CIA wants regime change in Iran ( and I do n't necessarily assume that is the case , as the " devil you know and can bomb " may be much more appealing to them than the " new and willing to negotiate devil " ) then I would predict a 99.9 % chance of a major ( over 5.7 mag . ) earthquake in Iran within the next two weeks .
And , of course , what the CIA wants and what the Obama administration wants may be different .
In such a case , of course , the CIA wins and gets what IT wants .
And , by " CIA , " I do n't mean the figurehead at the top , but the operational controls slightly further down and to the side , outside of the political lines of command , and not subject to changes in administrations or government rules of conduct .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/15/2009 @ 1:37 pm PT ...
Washington
Post back - peddling on reliability of pre-election polls : http://tinyurl.com/nmww6v " ... The validity of the unreleased Iranian surveys cannot be assessed in detail , but a closer look at the one sponsored by Terror Free Tomorrow and the New America Foundation reveals ample reason to be skeptical of the conclusions drawn from it .
Methodologically , this survey passes muster as it's relatively straightforward to pull a good sample of the Iranian population , using the country 's publicly available population counts and listed telephone exchanges .
But the poll was conducted from May 11 to 20 , well before the spike in support for Mousavi his supporters claim .
More to the point , however , the poll that appears in today 's op - ed shows a 2 to 1 lead in the thinnest sense : 34 percent of those polled said they 'd vote for Ahmadinejad , 14 percent for Mousavi .
That leaves 52 percent unaccounted for .
In all , 27 percent expressed no opinion in the election , and another 15 percent refused to answer the question at all .
Six Eight percent said they 'd vote for none of the listed candidates ; the rest for minor candidates .
One should be enormously wary of the current value of a poll taken so far before such a heated contest , particularly one where more than half of voters did not express an opinion . "
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/15/2009 @ 2:22 pm PT ...
" My main point I can't seem to stress strongly enough is that we have been sending in agents of destabilization for a long time ... "
True , dat . " ... and this IS that . "
But is it , 99 ?
I agree with you 100 % about the charade of two party rule , bogus lesser of the evils thing .
But it seems to me that if there 's a pro-USA , CIA puppet poon - dog , neo-con fixed Manchurian Candidate in this horse - race --- it 's Ahmadinejad .
In fact , I read that some GOP members have even gone so far as to endorsed him ~ ?!
( From HUFF PO ) : The New Republic 's neocon- in- chief Marty Peretz : " ... Maybe the regime fiddled around a bit with the numbers at the polls and after the polling .
Still , the outcome had a sense of authenticity . "
Andrew ( Sullivan ) writes , " Even I am a little taken aback by the neocons ' desire for an Ahmadinejad victory . "
They LOVE them some Crazy Iranian President Nuke - Kook .
He 's a GREAT catalyst for their fear - mongering .
I think your supposition that Moussavi is their Preferred Prick is just plain wrong .
They do n't want to TALK to the Iranians , or trade them some arms for hostages behind Congress ' back like in the simpler , sweeter good ol ' Reagan days ( I imagine that notion now seems as quaint to them as the Geneva Convention . )
No , they 've made it quite clear they want to demonize them and then BOMB them .
( They even make jokes about it haha hardy har ha . )
And then maybe they 'll sell some bombs to the rest of the ' hood so they can bomb eachother while bombing them some more .
The way I see it , ' they might 've gotten away with it , too , if it were n't for those crazy kids ...'
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/15/2009 @ 4:02 pm PT ...
Jeannie I do n't think you have the first part of an appreciation for the realities in Iran , the history involved , the vicious pressures they have withstood over the past four years , including JSOC hit squads , to keep out of another of our wars of aggression , or the deadliness of the mental conditioning under which you labor ... " Crazy Iranian President Nuke - Kook " ?
Whoa . ... No. Wait .
I was starting to try to give you a little primer , here , but you clearly have n't read any of my links and nothing I 've said so far has made any sense to you .
This thrilling networking movement is evidently too engaging .
So , carry on .
I 'm going to disengage from this discussion .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/15/2009 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
99 ~ You have completely misinterpreted me and and then slapped me with uncalled for condescension .
Woah , yourself .
The " kooky nukes " line was intended to argue the Neo - con - pushed notion of the man 's perceived character as it benefits their own ambitions , not my own personal opinion .
Maybe that was not made clear .
As to your second nasty to - wit , " priming " me because I lack the " appreciation " for the history of Iran that you clearly possess --- not only did I read every link you provided , but I believe I responded in kind with clarity of position and back up links to support my opinions .
If you think I 'm not adequately absorbing your advanced intellect , 99 , then as the moderator of this esteemed forum , can't you find a better way to communicate that ?
Or maybe we just disagree on sources and so be it .
Too bad that ends the civilized debate for you .
And as Brad 's follow up piece underscores , all we can really do is speculate , making your dismissal even more childish .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/15/2009 @ 5:51 pm PT ...
FWIW , 99 , just wanted to make sure you saw this from Juan Cole today : " Terror Free Tomorrow Poll Did not Predict Ahmadinejad Win "
Also , for everyone else , please see my follow up , expansion on this piece now right here : " Russian Roulette ... Without the Certainty " .
As always , I 'll look forward to your thoughts and input .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/15/2009 @ 7:01 pm PT ...
Jeannie Indeed I must have mistaken you .
The epithet for Ahmadinejad and the sort of flip ending about the " crazy kids " who have been hoodwinked by evil people and are now hell bent on giving Halliburton its fondest wish , even if they have to die for it , pretty well made me see red .
I am greatly relieved you did n't mean it as I took it .
Sorry if I offended you .
Brad FWIW , the Terror Free Tomorrow poll was extensive , on a number of issues , put Ahmadinejad ahead by 20 points , and also put him with the backing of the Iranian people well over the usual approval levels of our presidents , well over the 60 % mark on a number of crucial issues .
While I usually respect Cole 's stuff , on this it seems to me , after a few days of very hard work , plus the stuff I 've learned over the course of most of my adult life , that he 's just flat wrong .
Everyone I am not saying the Iranian elections are pristine , or even fair , or even that there was no tampering .
I 'm saying Ahmadinejad had the votes .
Suddenly they started giving Mousavi , the snake former PM , the Obama treatment , and throwing huge street parties with his green motif , and everyone started ignoring that Ahmadinejad still had the same lead across Iran .
There has been an outrageous amount of twisting the facts that stood just three days ago ... pointed efforts to fix the reporting that does n't square with a Mousavi got robbed scenario .
It is outright horrifying to me that there are so many whose lives depend on not falling for this blizzard of a snow job .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/15/2009 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
99 said : I 'm saying Ahmadinejad had the votes .
No , you 're saying you believe Ahmadinejad had the votes .
Of course , that speculation is as reasonable and / or not , as any other .
See my later piece on that ( again , if you must ) .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/15/2009 @ 10:02 pm PT ...
Quit splitting hairs !
You drive me nuts with that crap !
I 'm saying Ahmadinejad VERY CREDIBLY had the votes , and though I 've worked myself witless looking into the veracity of that claim for the past few days , it 's almost on its face so believable as not to need questioning ... for anybody who has been paying attention to the Iran stuff for very long .
If I 'm being emphatic in a way you find irksome , imagine how irksome it is to watch so many ordinarily peacenik , anti-murderation people going off down the garden path about the Obamatization of a mass murderer of leftists who plotted with the neocon fucks to hold the hostages till after our election for the Reagan people , so they could go off and torture and slaughter a bunch of freedom fighters in Central America ...
Michael Ledeen 's buddy ... who could have had about bubkes in the way of influence over the Ayatollah 's strictures on those poor kids .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/15/2009 @ 10:12 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 6/16/2009 @ 1:57 am PT ...
I 've been following the news and this thread and I have n't felt comfortable enough to make any postings .
I can't speak with authority , I do n't know enough .
I 'm going to wait it out and see what happens .
I do n't tweet and while I have an account on Facebook I do n't know how to ' work ' it so I 'm blind to the live - blogging of the revolution ( ? ) on the social networking sites .
I can only read summations and logs posted elsewhere .
I know the history of Iran beginning with Shah Pahlavi and America 's role in seating him and cheered the ' 79 revolution that un-seated the murdering , torturing b*****d.
I 've followed the news coming out of Iran since and have always found it tragic that deposing one tyrant led to the last 30 years of repression there .
I , like ' 99 , read from several sources about the support Ahmedenajad enjoys for helping the downtrodden in Iraq ( There 's a lot of them - see note at end . ) starting many months ago and know that Mousavi is a terrible choice for a reform candidate .
He 's a despot in his own right .
Maybe Mousavi is irrelevant to the force of history and the people that want to seize the future in Iran .
He may be like Obama and Obama 's historical ' daddy ' Jimmy Carter : the electorate is so tired of the same old , same old , they 'll vote for anyone that steps up that is n't ' them ' .
I know flat - out racists that voted for Obama because they were n't voting for Obama - they were voting AGAINST Bush et al , against SSDD .
Or thought they were .
I do n't know who actually won the election and believe we 'll never know .
Iran though is an urban country ** just as America is , more people live in cities than in rural areas and if Mousavi was the choice of the city dwellers then there 's a good chance he won .
There 's also about a 100 % chance the election was ' rigged ' in some measure .
Again , I do n't know who won .
That does n't stop me from having a few impressions though so I 'll comment on a couple of things .
Twitter and the blogging of the revolution : I 'm for it and embrace the peoples medium wholeheartedly .
' 99 : " Jeannie , the point is that Twitter is as excellent a tool for propaganda , and for people who wish to foment destabilization in a country that is hogging our oil . "
So is the MSM .
We have seen it for years including the MSM 's collusion in the theft of the 2000 election , the war of choice and so many other things listing them is redundant .
While the social networking sites are personal observations and images simply the fact that they can not be easily concentrated and centrally directed makes the flavor of the ' reporting ' more reliable to me than the MSM's .
While the observations are slanted by the demographics of the persons most likely to own and use these methods of communications , I do n't at all think that fact negates their value or credibility so long as you keep the demographic caveat in mind .
What I would give to have had a functioning Internet and social networking capability in ' 68 .
It could have changed history .
The electronic revolution did have an enormous impact on this last election here in the US .
( Thank you Brad . )
Real time updates on voting trends and complaints about problems at the polls and a network of watchdog organizations in constant contact with each other , their workers , and millions of interested citizens that write letters and make phone calls and sign petitions and generally raise hell .
That 's why as much control was brought to bear on the personal electronic media as possible by the government of Iran ; people being able to communicate instantly is a powerful tool , it 's the peoples counter - force to every other method of information dissemination all of which are subject to control and influence by the government .
It can unite .
That 's why it 's a big deal .
That 's why our government and every other government on earth wants to control it and its content .
I 'm thinking ' thank ghod for Twitter ' .
Like 95 % of humanity I 'm a visual creature - things make sense visually even when words and type does n't .
Pictures are worth thousands of words so I 've been keeping an eye out for pictures .
Those are big demonstrations .
At some point things take on a life of their own , what started as one thing becomes a vehicle for something else .
I do n't know , maybe something else is going on now .
Go not quite half way down the page and look at the crowd in Tehran , as far as the eye can see , split down two wide streets and off behind the trees .
This is an Obama Inauguration sized crowd .
There 's a lot of anger and hope there .
So far the death toll is 7 .
I sure hope it does n't turn into another Tienanmen Square massacre .
If I were the government I 'd be thinking that it sure looks like an uprising .
http://www.huffingtonpos...ions-viole_n_215189.html **
% of population urbanized , 2007 = 68
Average annual growth rate of urban population ( % ) , 1970 –1990 = 4.9
Average annual growth rate of urban population ( % ) , 1990 –2007 = 2.6
http://www.unicef.org/in...try/iran_statistics.html
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... paul mccarthy said on 6/16/2009 @ 10:51 am PT ...
Long - time independent mideast correspondent Robert Fisk quoted an Iranian source whom he described as a government opponent and reliable .
The source told him that the election results were probably accurate and that outside of Tehran , the country went for Ahmadinejad .
See http://www.independent.c...-democrator-1704810.html.
Fisk is presently reporting from Iran and the situation seems rather violent and dangerous there .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... paul mccarthy said on 6/16/2009 @ 11:00 am PT ...
Good comments here .
I tend to agree with Onyx and 99 .
I normally rely on the Independent as a source for Middle East news since they 've got such good correspondents .
Other stories I 've read suggest that Mousavi was not particularly charming or charismatic and that the support for him was really just opposition to the government .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/16/2009 @ 11:08 am PT ...
Oh , this is rich !
Someone just emailed me this link : http://www.chartingstock...bilize-iran-via-twitter/
Ha , ha , ha ... she says while reaching for her jug of ibuprofen ....
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... paul mccarthy said on 6/16/2009 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
re : Brad 's " Terror Free Tomorrow Poll " - this poll taken about in mid-May 2009 had Ahmadinejad at 34 % , Mousavi at 14 % , 27 % undecided and 22 % either refusing to answer or not liking either candidate .
I ’ve seen this poll cited both as proof that the election was stolen and as proof that it was n’t .
Compare Brad ’s link and http://www.counterpunch.com/roberts06162009.html.
Brad ’s link is an article by someone named Juan Cole who claims to be the President of the “ Global Americana Institute ” , an organization that translates writings by people like Thomas Jefferson and George Washington into Arabic , set up to complement a U.S. government translation project .
Well , okay .
But Cole then assumes that most of the undecideds were either going to stay undecided or were not saying who they wanted because they secretly favored Mousavi but were afraid to say so , and that the election would have been forced into a runoff .
He says 60 % of the undecideds favored political reform , but when you look closely , they were n’t asked whether they favored political reform by the pollsters , that ’s just a gloss put on there by some analyst .
My own interpretation of these figures so close to the election would have been that a large number of the people polled did n’t want to give information to the pollsters , maybe figuring they were American agents or otherwise up to no good .
The 14 % who wanted Mousavi were sophisticated urbanites who knew what pollsters were , and the 34 % for Ahmandinejad were party line Ahmandinejad supporters .
That would put Ahmandinejad ahead , with a large part of the so - called undecideds suspicious Persians who did n’t like nosy outsiders asking questions .
These kind of voters would be expected to vote for Ahmandinejad if they had to vote .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/16/2009 @ 4:50 pm PT ...
Another good piece on the Twitter controversy : http://trueslant.com/jos...re-all-wrong-about-iran/
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/16/2009 @ 4:57 pm PT ...
Paul Robert Parry and Glenn Greenwald have come out with about the same , too .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Cam Reed said on 6/17/2009 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
Ahmadinejad is the George Bush of Iran .
Come on .
Do n't look at this from a Geo-Political stance .
Or Economical - Geo-Political stance .
Times are changing .
The Growing Season is changing .
We , as a Species , are Changing .
So , ...
The question is , " Are WE WILLING TO ENDURE THE PROCESS OF CHANGE ? "
We will METAMORPHASIZE into the ' State - of - Being ' that we NEED TO at this time .
WE NEED TO NOURISH this natural ' seasonal ' ( cosmologically speaking ) cycle NOW .
We need to push for the natural flow / consequences of life - NOW .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... truth said on 6/20/2009 @ 3:11 pm PT ...
The election results are available for all to see .
In fact , pollsters before the results from America have the poll results .
Check out the facts : http://internationalinsights.blogspot.com
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Robert said on 7/9/2009 @ 12:28 pm PT ...
Lettuces are grown in a sterile environment at Ozu Corporation ’s plant factory in Japan – without being exposed to the air outside
They look more like the brightly lit shelves of a chemists shop than the rows of a vegetable garden .
But according to their creators , these perfect looking vegetables could be the future of food .
In a perfectly controlled and totally sterile environment – uncontaminated by dirt , insects or fresh air – Japanese scientists are developing a new way of growing vegetables .
Called plant factories , these anonymous looking warehouses have sprung up across the country and can churn out immaculate looking lettuces and green leaves 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
Every part of the plant ’s environment is controlled – from the lighting and temperature , to the humidity and water .
Even the levels of carbon dioxide can be minutely altered .
The plants are grown in a perfectly controlled environment
Rather than the conventional scruffy clothes and dirty fingernails of vegetable growers , the producers wear gloves , surgical masks and sort of dust proof protective suits normally seen in chemical plants .
The vegetables from plant factories – which include green leaf , romaine lettuce and garland chrysanthemum – are sold at a premium to Japanese shoppers .
No pesticides are used – and there is no risk of contamination with food poisoning bugs .
Because the plants are grown in a clean room , they can be eaten safely without washing .
Lettuce grown in the factories can be cropped up to 20 times a year .
Some factories are vast – and can produce three million vegetables a year .
The results are hygienic , but it ’s about as far from real food as you can possibly get .
Immaculate looking lettuces and green leaves can be churned out 24 hours a day , seven days a week
The spread of plant factories has been encouraged by the Japanese government amid concerns about the use of chemicals in vegetables .
A spokesman for the Ozu Corporation factory in Tokyo said : ‘ Vegetables are produced in the factory without being exposed to the air outside .
‘ Stable production is guaranteed throughout the year by controlling lighting , temperature , humidity , carbon dioxide and water .
They can also meet the demands of consumers who want safe foods . ’
Via Daily Mail
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Report on Tuesday ’s Demonstration for Mousavi in Tehran from an eyewitness .
Again , I was sent this by an academic , but will not give the name to avoid any repercussions for the individual .
Today , under slate skies and despite official warnings that the permit to march had been denied , against rumors that orders had been given to shoot to kill , they came .
They came by the tens if not hundreds of thousands , marching east to west along the many kilometers of Enqelab Street to Azadi , or Freedom Square .
“ It would be dishonorable , na mardi , to not go , ” a young couple explained .
“ We have to go . ”
Another man asks who is going , what is going on ?
He is told that the “ Mousavi - chiha ” are marching starting at 4 .
He laughs , “ Mousavi - chiha nadarim , hame ye Iran hastand ! ”
We do n’t have Mousavi supporters , it ’s now all of Iran …
That they came to Azadi , a place where thirty years ago the Revolution pivoted towards victory was fitting , for as much as the election campaign had been about who best represented the revolutionary values of Iran , Islam , and the late Imam , the push and pull of the past few days between opposition and Ahmadinejad forces has been a struggle to lay claim to authenticity .
Authenticity that lies in the imagined and lived past , places , and practices of the Islamic Republic .
It is as if whomever can get to the important places and rituals first and stay there , hang onto them , will win .
So at night , beginning at 9 pm , we hear shouts of “ Allah Akbar ! ” from the rooftops , just like in the fall and winter of 1978 - 1979 .
We have marches to sacred spots like Azadi and appeals by all sides to the memory of Khomeini …
In the crowd there are families , young and old .
One can not help but notice the large presence of women of all ages .
The typical daily life of the capital is out here together , the homes , sidewalks and boulevards abandoned for this shared space .
There is word that the crowd is millions strong ; we know that it stretches eastwards to Imam Hussein Square .
It is an incredible occasion — by comparison the state - organized 200,000 strong anniversary march that takes place every February starts from around Ferdowsi Square , several kilometers closer in to Azadi .
The mood in the crowd was positive , reminiscent of the joyous celebrations of the final week of the campaign .
The chants are up - to - date , changed to reflect the new circumstances in Iran , the things that we did not know before Friday ’s vote .
“ Hale ye noor e ro dide , rai e mano nadide ? ”
A reference to the light of the hidden Imam that Ahmadinejad claimed to have seen , roughly translated to rhyme , “ If he saw that light , why did n’t he see the vote we cast with all our might ? ! ”
And , “ Ta in Ahmadi nejad hast , in ghaziye ijad hast ! ”
Until this Ahmadi is here , this commotion will not disappear !
There are new signs as well .
Written in English , “ Where is My Vote ? ” ( I ca n’t help myself , the idea for an Al Gore - Mir Hossein Mousavi buddy film pops into my mind , “ Dude , Where is My Vote ? ” ) .
Another : 2 x 2 = 24 million , a play on the bogus economic measures touted by Ahmadinejad during the debates , now updated to reflect the equally dubious election results .
The procession passes through an underpass and just as there is great pleasure in honking the car horn in tunnels these many people send up an enormous cheer , echoing off the walls .
From dark to light the crowd emerges from the underpass and looks back to see what they have done .
There is above them stretching across the tunnel a dissonant sight , a sign with the visage and message of the Supreme Leader .
He watches over this protest in the manner of TJ Eckelberg …
The crowd knots and comes to an absolute standstill .
They are pressed against each other , Cochella and Woodstock in one .
Slowly , slowly the people move forward and see that the cause for the standstill is Mehdi Karrobi .
Karrobi whose almost 400,000 votes was the most telling sign that something was seriously amiss with the vote count ( he counted more registered activists and supports in his campaign machine alone ) .
Karrobi , a former member of Imam Khomeini ’s inner circle , who during the presidential race four years ago famously protested that “ I was in first place during the vote count , took an afternoon nap , and when I woke up I was suddenly two places behind Ahmadinejad . ”
The 72 year - old cleric stands atop a car surrounded by body guards , blessing the crows with blown kisses .
As I have noted before , what is remarkable about the Mousavi and opposition marches is the orderly disorder .
These are not rallies or events in the manner that we are accustomed to in the United States .
There are no official Mousavi volunteers guiding the crowd to the designated rallying points , college interns filled with coffee and day - old pizza .
The movement is self - directed .
Mousavi had asked his supporters to march but to march respectfully , to not give any excuse for violence .
The crowd is abiding .
Along the nearly kilometer length of a basiji base , the cry goes up : Shoar nagoo !
Do n’t shout slogans !
Hands are up held up instead .
It is quiet .
Here and there a voice , unable to restrain itself , begins to scream “ Allah Akbar ! Allah Akbar ! ”
He is met instantly with hisses and whistles — saket !
saket !
quiet ! quiet !— and the voice falls silent again .
How do we know where to go ?
When to go ?
SMS or texting is down , the internet is spotty and cell phones have become unreliable .
Still , Tehran has always been a city where information gets passed around easily .
For all of the complaints and anxiety that life has become too modern , that people are living alone in great apartment towers instead of with their families in homes , the citizens of this city find ways to know , to be in each other ’s business .
Conversations come easily even amongst strangers , more so now than ever .
Men weave through the crowd , telling us what ’s next .
“ Come tomorrow to Vali Asr at 5 !
Tomorrow !
Spread the word ! ”
Compare this to the Ahmadinejad rallies that we have seen .
Yesterday , Mother ’s Day in Iran ( an appropriate day given Ahmadinejad ’s persistent claim to be the “ defender ” of the vatan , or motherland ) the Ahmadinejad groups held their own rally and show of force in Vali Asr Square in central Tehran .
Their numbers are not few — the crowd filled the square and stretched south for at least a kilometer .
But this action is more organized , mobilization by memo as one observer put it .
Word goes out in the mosques , bonyads , and ministries that there is to be a gathering and they come , organized by section and arriving in chartered buses and vans .
Unlike the Mousavi rallies , their Great Leader is present both in person and in stereo .
Audio equipment is set up to so that we might hear his message and the speakers tell the crowd where to go afterwards .
The atmosphere is no less festive , no less family - oriented than the opposition rallies .
But the numbers are less and the movement less sustained .
There is , perhaps , less to lose for this group , less sense of outrage and danger .
Back on Enqelab , the sun slips under the clouds and light begins to fall sideways across the crowds , hands turn golden in the last part of the day .
Dasta bala !
Dasta bala !
Hands in the air !
Hands in the air !
All arms are up , spread into the familiar sign of victory .
The crowd reaches the square but cannot enter , does not need to enter , this spot will do .
On either side of a nearby underpass a call and response begins , arms and legs hang over the guardrail , bodies lean over the road that runs several meters below .
From one side of the underpass : “ Mir Hossein ! ”
From the other : “ Ya Hossein ! ” From one side : “ Mir Hossein ! ”
Now from the other : “ Ya Hossein ! ” Cars and motorcycles raise the alarm , young men with green scarves over their faces ninja - style run and hop between the traffic .
They urge the crowd and cars on , MC style .
Two large passenger buses emerge from under the tunnel and the drivers lay on their horns , making the crowd go wild , they love it .
It is all noise .
The cheer goes up , “ Gofte boodim age taqalob bishe , Iran ghiamat mishe ! ”
We told you that if they cheat , Iran will explode !
We leave the square and head north along Jenah Expressway towards Ariashahr or Sadiqia Square .
It is only at this point that the enormity of what is happening becomes clear .
In the diminishing light there and stretching towards the rising foothills that mark the upper reaches of Tehran one can only see person after another .
Cars and buses that have made the mistake of turning into this crowd have been engulfed .
The story takes a bad turn ; all does not end well .
Seeing the camera around my neck , several people rush up to me , frantically urging me to go take pictures , shouting that they are killing us all !
Behind a wall , in an alleyway set off from the road , a confrontation is taking place between one spike of the crowd and basiji forces , holed up in a base .
There is the unsettling pop - pop - pop of gunfire , a plume of black smoke rises into the sky .
A crowd is gathering in the alley and men rush forward to throw rocks while others tell them to stop , stop , that ’s what they want !
A police officer , alone , rushes in to help , brought in by part of the crowd .
Suddenly he is surrounded , confronted violently by angry protestors .
A great confusion ensues as water bottles and rocks are hurled at the cop ; 10 - 15 men form a perimeter around the officer to shield him their hands up begging the crowd to control themselves to let this man pass , he has come to help .
During the worst moment , we see the terrified policeman pressed against a courtyard wall , his hat has been knocked off , he shouts that he is here to help .
Finally , thankfully , the situation is controlled , the police officer joins in the chanting , and he is allowed to go into the alley to help …
The chant goes up , the same as was used during the 1979 Revolution : “ He who kills my brother , will be killed by me ! ”
The wail of an ambulance .
A boy , he could not have been older than 14 , is rushed through the crowd , carried sideways at the head and the legs by three men .
Foam is coming out of his mouth and his eyes .
There is no way of knowing for sure but there are reports that 5 to 7 people have been shot , have been killed right here in this spot .
I see a young man hold up his right hand , it is covered in blood …
They found a way to make it last .
Everyone says that in a few days the protests will be stopped , what ’s the point of going out , but when the moment comes everyone is here .
To stop this now would take a tremendous display of violence and thus far , blessedly , that has not happened .
Still , at this point , the crowd remains uncertain …
An apt if unimaginative metaphor would be a school of fish .
Everyone moves in one direction , then suddenly shoulders drop and they run for their lives the opposite way .
Riqdan !
Riqdan !
They ’re attacking !!!
The mass looks back and sees that there are already hands held up beckoning the crowd to stop , to come back , to be brave and not run .
Fear .
It would be an unfair mismatch if fear were to disappear .
Do not believe the lie that this is a story of middle - class , urbane Iran set against the great multitude of obdurate peasants , the supposedly authentic Iran .
That is a myth , what Juan Cole has called the “ North Tehran fallacy , ” no different than the bogus notion that Middle America is the True America .
Iran ’s heart and voting population lies in its cities as much as in the countryside …
It was in the cities that the 1979 Revolution took place , and the 6 - 8 million new voters that showed up at the booth to vote , many for the first and only time in their lives , did not emerge from Iran ’s diminishing villages .
Tehran is fast becoming two .
In the late afternoon and lasting until around dinner time it is a place of peaceful civic celebration , a disneyland of political action for the whole family to participate .
At night , the mood shifts abruptly , and the capital becomes a battleground , a city in which fear stalks on motorbikes mounted in helmeted pairs …
It is like a dream .
We wake up in the morning , our legs and voices sore , wondering if this is really happening , anxious for what will come next .
End / ( Not Continued )
[ Hint : The idea is to create pages for the stuff , not just link it . ]
C/C++
There a various tools which make it easier to bridge the gap between Python and C/C ++:
Pyrex - write your extension module on Python
Cython -- Cython -- an improved version of Pyrex
CXX - PyCXX - helper lib for writing Python extensions in C ++
ctypes is a Python module allowing to create and manipulate C data types in Python .
These can then be passed to C- functions loaded from dynamic link libraries .
elmer - compile and run python code from C , as if it was written in C
PicklingTools is a collection of libraries for exchanging Python Dictionaries between C++ and Python .
weave - include C code lines in Python program ( deprecated in favor of Cython )
ackward exposes parts of Python 's standard library as idiomatic C++
CFFI - interact with almost any C code from Python , based on C - like declarations that you can often copy - paste from header files or documentation .
C/C++ Binding Generators
Tools to make C/C++ functions / methods accessible from Python by generating binding ( Python extension or module ) from header files .
boost .
python - Expose C++ classes functions and objects to Python , and vice - versa , using just C++ compiler
PyAutoC - Automatically wrap C functions and structs , using just C compiler .
pwig is a SWIG extension for writing new language modules in Python .
PyBindGen Python bindings code generator for pure C or C++ APIs .
The generator is written in Python and has low complexity .
The generated code is lean , efficient , and highly readable
shiboken - Binding Generator used to create PySide Python bindings for Qt
SIP - similar to SWIG but specialised for Python and C ++.
Used to create PyQt , the Qt API wrapper library
SWIG - generate extension module from your .h files
pybind11 - Similar to Boost .
Python , but with a lean header - only implementation for C++11 - capable compilers .
pyclif - Google tool .
Similar to SWIG , but user - friendly and targeted only C++11 well - written libs .
cppyy - Fast , automatic , Python - C++ bindings , including run-time template instantiations , cross-inheritance , auto - casting , etc .
Scapix Language Bridge - generates Python ( and other languages ) bindings directly from C++ headers .
Articles
Using Python as glue SciPy Documentation
Building Hybrid Systems with Boost .
Python in C/C++ User Journal ( 2003 )
Integrating Python , C and C++ , presented at the ACCU conference by Duncan Booth ( 2003 )
Embedding Python in Multi-Threaded C/C++ Applications in LinuxJournal ( 2000 )
Related
Delphi
Python4 Delphi - Python for Delphi is a set of free components that wrap up the Python Dll into Delphi .
( https://github.com/pyscripter/python4delphi)
Fortran
F2PY - Fortran to Python Interface Generator ( http://cens.ioc.ee/projects/f2py2e/)
PyFort - The Python - Fortran connection tool ( http://pyfortran.sourceforge.net/)
Lisp
CLPython - Python implemented in Common Lisp
Lython ( archived page ) - Lisp front - end for Python
Pymacs - integration of Python with Emacs Lisp
Prolog
PyLog ( actually two different products )
prolog a simple interface to SWI - Prolog
bedevere - Python wrapper to GNU Prolog http://bedevere.sourceforge.net/
pwig includes examples of wrapping Python for SWI - Prolog .
pyswip is a ctypes based module that enables querying SWI - Prolog .
See also http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&lr=&ie=ISO-8859-1&q=Python+prolog
Java
Jython - Python implemented in Java
JPype - Allows
Python to run java commands
Jepp - Java embedded Python
JCC - a C++ code generator for calling Java from C++/ Python
Javabridge - a package for running and interacting with the JVM from CPython
py4 j - Allows
Python to run java commands .
voc - Part of BeeWare suite .
Converts python code to Java bytecode .
p2 j - Converts Python code to Java .
No longer developed .
C#/.NET
ActiveState supports Python .NET .
Python for .NET is a near - seamless integration of the CPython runtime with the .NET Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) .
IronPython is an implementation of Python for .net , which allows you to import . net class libraries seamlessly in Python .
Perl
See http://www.faqts.com/knowledge_base/view.phtml/aid/17202/fid/1102
PyPerl http://search.cpan.org/dist/pyperl/
Inline :: Python
PyPerlish - Perl idioms in Python
For converting / porting Perl code to Python the tool ' Bridgekeeper ' http://www.crazy-compilers.com/bridgekeeper/ may be handy .
PHP
PiP ( Python in PHP )
http://www.csh.rit.edu/~jon/projects/pip/
PHP " Serialize " in Python http://hurring.com/scott/code/python/serialize/
( broken link ; see the Web Archive Wayback Machine for the latest working version )
R
Objective -C
Tcl
elmer - compile and run python code from Tcl , as if it was written in Tcl
TclPython -
A package for Tcl that allows you to pass strings of Python code from a Tcl environment to a Python ( Python 2.x or 3.x ) interpreter .
Tcl and other languages - Tcl 's equivalent of this page .
Lua
LunaticPython - a two - way bridge between Python and Lua .
Lupa - fast wrapper for LuaJIT2 written in Cython .
Lux - a mutant Lua emphasizing interoperation with Python , Perl , etc .
OCaml
Pycaml - write Python extension modules in OCaml ( instead of C ) , and use Python code and native libraries from OCaml programs .
Eiffel and Haskell
Eiffel / Haskell http://epolyglot.sourceforge.net/ ( last updated 2001 )
PythonVsHaskell has a section " Using both Python & Haskell with ctypes " .
Other ( applications )
LotusNotes http://www.dominopower.com/issuesprint/issue200008/command.html
PostgreSQL http://www.linuxgazette.com/issue80/nielsen.html
RenderMan http://www.lysator.liu.se/~ture/terry.html
CorbaPython : for a generic solution to language integration
to name a few .
There are much more ...
Other ( standards and protocols )
XMLRPC and SOAP
Yaml : http://www.yaml.org
See also
Thinki : UsingPythonWithOtherLanguages
All the action happens this Thursday , or we think so , in this holiday shortened USD week .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s the clash of the ECB rate decisions and US non -farm payrolls release .
Only one of the announcements could ruin a US bank holiday and it will not be the expected unchanged rate announcement !
Despite the tight trading ranges , the tides and sentiment is shifting slightly towards owning the USD .
Region instabilities warrant this , historically in crisis the greenback is coveted and besides Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœbig brotherÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ aka China has given the thumbs up , albeit temporarily !
The US $ is stronger in the O/N trading session .
Currently it is higher against 15 of the 16 most actively traded currencies in a Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœwhippyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ trading range .
There are a number of variables that are throwing their weight behind the greenbackÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s recent resurgence .
Firstly , China , they commented that they would not continue buying metals for reserves in these Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœcurrent market conditionsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ .
They want their economy to benefit from the already Ã¢â‚ ¬ Ëœstate stockpiling Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢ .
By default this should put pressure on both the commodity index , higher yielding commodity currencies ( CAD , AUD and NOK ) and further boost the USD directly .
Secondly , despite some Chinese officials publically stating over the past few days that China supported the call for a Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœsuper sovereign currencyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ , it was left to PBOC Zhou to reassure capital markets that their Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœcountryÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s foreign - exchange reserve policy is always quite stableÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ and that they would not change their reserve currency suddenly .
Result , more support for the Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœbig dollarÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢.
Finally , on the face of it , capital markets are Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœshortÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ the USD , not materially , but short , which we all know will eventually lead to a squeeze in the USDÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s favor !
The USD $ currently is higher against the EUR - 0.28 % , GBP - 0.00 % , CHF - 0.45 % and JPY - 0.32 % .
The commodity currencies are weaker this morning , CAD - 0.23 % and AUD - 0.63 % .
The loonie remains in a tight range and to date is the worst performing currency vs. the USD this month .
It is down - 5.7 % since reaching a yearly high on the 1st day of the month .
Governor Carney has been rather vocal about the currencies aggressive appreciation since March and the effects it is having on Canadian economic growth .
The markets took his comments to heart and have had a good winning streak going by being long USD .
To date investors have ignored the positive spin both OECD and the IMF are putting on things , it seems that Canadian domestic Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœgreen shootsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ are not rooting !
The BOC last week said that CanadaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s recession is as deep as their southern trading partners .
They believe that Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœCanadian households are facing rising stresses because of increases in unemploymentÃ¢â‚¬â „¢ , which will not be currency positive in the medium term .
The AUD for the 1st - time in a week succumbed to pressure from a rising USD after a Chinese official commented that the greenback will dominate foreign exchange markets for some time .
With commodities under pressure expect dealers to be better sellers on AUD rallies ( 0.8016 ) .
Crude is higher in the O/N session ( $ 69.30 up +14 c ) .
Despite the ongoing military issues in Nigeria which supported crude prices for part of last week , it was the announcement that the US savings rate climbed to the highest level in more than 15 - years that caused prices to splutter on Friday .
A higher savings rate provides a strong economic indication that the worldÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s largest economy will be slow to gather strength .
We continue to see little evidence of an economic recovery in the commodity reports .
Last week the API reported that gas stockpiles increased to +211.4 m barrels and crude supplies fell - 72 k barrels to +356.6 m .
The weekly EIA announcement supported the API findings .
Refineries are also operating at the highest rates this year ( +87.1 % ) and fuel demand is off - 5.5 % , w/w , the biggest year - to - date .
Demand destruction remains commodities greatest nemesis and not volatile currency levels .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s now expected that OPEC in Sept. will not announce a further reduction in production , but , Ã¢â‚ ¬Ë œwill ask for more compliance with existing quotasÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ ( to date members have a 77 % compliance record with last years production cuts ) .
The weekly reports are a bearish report for commodity prices .
Over the next couple of months expect the market to focus on the US driving season that ends on US Labor Day .
The Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœyellow metalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ continued its winning streak and advanced for a 4th consecutive day on Friday as investors speculated that with the Fed being on hold well into next year , making gold a good alternative investment as a Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœstore of valueÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ .
But , the turn around in the USD in the O/N session should allow the metals prices to back up a wee bit this morning ( $ 940 ) .
The Nikkei closed 9,783 down - 93 .
The DAX index in Europe was at 4,809 up +32 ; the FTSE ( UK ) currently is 4,268 up + 27 .
The early call for the open of key US indices is lower .
The 10 - year TreasuryÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s eased another 5 bp on Friday ( 3.53 % ) and is little changed in the O/N session .
Last week was the 3rd- consecutive week for fixed income prices to rise .
That was expected after Bernanke said that the Fed would keep rates at or close to zero for a considerable length of time .
Data showing that US inflation remains tame combined with surprising jobless claims reports continues to provide support along the US yield curve .
This article is for general information purposes only .
It is not investment advice or a solution to buy or sell securities .
Opinions are the authors ; not necessarily that of OANDA Corporation or any of its affiliates , subsidiaries , officers or directors .
Leveraged trading is high risk and not suitable for all .
You could lose all of your deposited funds .
COLORADO SPRINGS , June 7 ( UPI ) --
The founder of a Colorado veterans group and advocate for homeless vets has been unmasked as an imposter who faked a war record , investigators said .
Rick Strandlof -- who used the name Rick Duncan when he claimed to be a U.S. Naval Academy graduate who was wounded during his third tour in Iraq -- has not been charged with impersonation , The Denver Post reported Sunday .
The FBI is investigating possible fraud while Strandlof is being held on a misdemeanor traffic charge in Colorado Springs .
Advertisement
Army Spc. Garett Reppenhagen said Strandlof worked hard with the Colorado Veterans Alliance .
" I can't say I hate Rick Duncan for what he did , " Reppenhagen said .
" But I certainly never want to talk to him again . "
Strandlof was actually a high - school dropout from Wyoming .
Marine veteran Robert Strandlof of Spokane Valley , Wash. , who said he has not seen his great - nephew since he was a teenager , told the Post he was smart and liked to read .
Strandlof spent time in prison in Montana on bad check charges and then emerged in Nevada as an advocate for poor children .
In the next few years , he became involved in the anti-war movement , served 9 months for possession of a stolen vehicle and became Rick Duncan .
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Complex and slick JavaScript - based animation has been made easier with the emergence of frameworks and libraries that give developers the ability to create stunning and eye - grabbing animation and transition effects that make it easy these complex tasks .
In this article , you will read about the top 10 JavaScript - based animation frameworks and libraries that will enable you to create engaging and captivating user experiences .
1. $ fx
$ fx is a compact and lightweight JavaScript animation library which extends native JavaScript DOM methods with its own animation methods and functions .
Its small file size ( weighing in at only 3.7 KB ) , hassle - free implementation , and low learning curve makes $ fx a powerful option for adding eye - popping animation effects to your web projects .
Check out the Examples section on the Manuals page to see the library in action .
Created by web developer Kevin Dolan , jsAnim is a JavaScript animation framework for creating high - impact and slick animation sequences for web interfaces .
Crafted with standards and best practices in mind , jsAnim allows you to create stunning animation effects without sacrificing web accessibility of your web projects .
scripty2 is a flexible and lightweight JavaScript animation framework for developing delicious visual effects .
The project is still young ( alpha ) , but you can already see its impressive capabilities in the scripty 2 demo page which shows examples that rival Flash - based objects in smooth , seamless , and complex animations .
4. GX
GX , developed by Italian web developer Riccardo Degni , is a compact ( 10 KB uncompressed animation effects library that puts strict web standards and best practices at the forefront of its development philosophy .
Built on top of jQuery , but heavily influenced by MooTools development patterns , you can customize your GX download to include only the parts you need , making your scripts optimized for file size .
Check out the GX Demos to see its capabilities .
5. Glimmer
Glimmer is a framework for easily creating interactive elements on your web pages .
Glimmer comes with wizards GUIs , reducing your coding requirements and guaranteeing standardization across your projects .
Check out the Image - Sequencer demo to see Glimmer ’s animation capabilities .
It ’s written on top of the popular jQuery library .
6. Animator.js
Animator.js is a class - based way for implementing JavaScript - based animation effects .
Its design and development principles follow OOAD , which promotes maintainable and high - lifetime development of applications .
Thus , it syntax is prototypal and object - oriented , reminiscent of MooTools and Prototype.js syntax .
7. Scriptio
Scriptio is an open source framework for animation and presentational elements to enhance and enrich the learner ’s web experience .
Scriptio is easy to learn and its terse syntax makes it great for fast prototyping .
View the Scriptio Examples page where you will find eight cool demos that exemplify this framework ’s abilities .
Processing.js is a fully featured framework for scripting images , animation , and interaction developed by jQuery library creator , John Resig .
Processing.js is a JavaScript port of the open source Processing project .
You should check out the Exhibits page to see full - production implementations of Processing.js .
9 . Run
For developers looking for a simple means of animating content , Run , a universal JavaScript animation framework , is the definitive way to go .
Run emphasizes on ease - of - use as shown by its intuitive syntax and copious amounts of documentation .
Run has also been tested on a wide array of web browsers , ensuring utmost cross - browser compatibility .
Head over to Run ’s Example page to see the project in action .
10 . Burst Engine
Burst Engine is an open source vector animation framework for HTML 5 ’s Canvas element .
Burst provides smooth , slick , and complex animations that will surely leave a memorable impression upon viewers .
To see Burst in action , check out the 3D Engine demo ( and prepare to get very impressed ) .
Related content
When humans and animals delay reproduction because food or other resources are scarce , they may live longer to increase the impact of reproduction , according to a new study by University of Minnesota researchers published in the June 25 issue of PLoS One .
The discovery , which explains why starvation can lead to longer life , has important implications for improving human health and lengthening lifespan .
The basic premise is that individuals use environmental cues to predict population declines , causing them to delay reproduction until the decline has occurred , when each offspring will make a bigger contribution to the gene pool .
Conversely , if bad times turn to good times and the population is on the verge of a boom , reproducing sooner rather than later will help their genes thrive .
" If the population is decreasing , future kids make a bigger splash in the gene pool than current kids , " explains Will Ratcliff , a College of Biological Sciences graduate student who came up with the idea for the study .
" So , if there are tradeoffs between current and future reproduction , delaying reproduction can be a good idea , even if it reduces the number of kids you have during your lifetime . "
Fluctuations in testosterone levels provide an example of how the environment and organisms interact to guide reproduction , explains R. Ford Denison , adjunct professor in the College of Biological Sciences and Ratcliff 's adviser .
Testosterone suppresses the immune system .
So when environmental conditions trigger high levels , reproduction is high but longevity drops .
Environmental factors also control the age of menarche .
In African countries with chronic food shortages , girls experience menarche much later than in the U.S. , where rich diets trigger early menarche .
Food scarcity is a signal that population is likely to decline , so reproduction is delayed , while an abundance of rich food signals an increase , causing reproductive age to drop .
" Our hypothesis may explain hormesis , the mysterious health benefits of low doses of toxins – including those that plants like broccoli make to defend themselves from insects , " says Denison . "
When their usual foods are scarce , organisms turn to plants containing chemicals that can suppress reproduction and consequently increase longevity " These toxins may be abundant in ' famine foods ' that are eaten only when meat and fruit are not available " Denison adds .
Graduate student Peter Hawthorne and professor Michael Travisano also co-authored the paper .
All four co-authors are in the College of Biological Sciences ' Department of Ecology , Evolution and Behavior .
The file - sharing service that once ranked at the top of the Recording Industry Assn. of America 's hit list -- and by that , we do n't mean popular -- relaunches today as a licensed music service .
Kazaa is reincarnated as a subscription service that offers more than 1 million tracks , including popular songs from the major record companies -- Universal Music Group , Sony Music Entertainment , Warner Music Group and EMI -- hat once hauled the site 's owners into an Australian court .
" We are delighted to deliver a fresh and exciting music platform to customers via an established icon like Kazaa , " said Kevin Bermeister , the chief executive of Altnet Inc. , an online distributor of licensed content and partner in Kazaa 's reboot .
Kazaa 's comeback is anything but assured .
It 's been nearly four years since the name " Kazaa " was associated with online music .
And other file - sharing services that have gone legit , such as iMesh , met with limited success , largely because they lack the key to their earlier cache -- free music downloads .
Even Napster , the original file - sharing site whose name is synonymous with digital downloads , has struggled as a new , paid service .
But Kazaa is not alone on the digital comeback trail .
The website Pirate Bay , whose owners were slapped with a prison sentence for allowing users to illegally trade in copyrighted content , is to be sold to Swedish firm Global Gaming , which runs cyber cafes .
Global Gaming Chief Executive Hans Pandeya has an unorthodox plan for reviving the site -- he hopes to coax Pirate Bay users to band together to allow their computers to be used to transmit data for Internet service providers .
They would earn money that would make the cost of their music consumption free .
Former Grokster President Wayne Rosso , a vocal critic of the music industry , has been hired as a consultant to help with the relaunch .
" Jaws is back ; it 's not safe to go back in the water , " the acerbic Rosso quipped .
-- Dawn C. Chmielewski
Photo credit : Michael Magle / Bloomberg News
[ Haskell ] ANN : haskell - src-exts 1.0.0 rc1 ( aka 0.5.2 )
Fellow Haskelleers , I 'm pleased to report that I feel I have now completed the first milestone in my GSoC project for haskell - src-exts : Full Code Support .
This means I feel ready to take that scary leap that means to drop the safe 0.x version numbering ( experimental ) and finally make the first stable release , version 1.0.0 .
But before I take that leap I want the library to be thoroughly tested , so I can with confidence say that it truly * is* stable .
Therefore , I hereby announce the release on hackage of haskell - src - exts - 0.5.2 , which I consider ( almost ) a release candidate for 1.0.0 .
* Via cabal : cabal install haskell - src-exts * On Hackage : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/haskell-src-exts-0.5.2 * Via darcs : darcs get http://code.haskell.org/haskell-src-exts
I would be delighted if as many as possible would consider testing it on their code , even those of you who feel that you may not have any immediate use of the library , just to cover as much code base as possible in the hunt for potential bugs and misfeatures .
Testing it is really easy , four simple steps : > cabal install haskell - src-exts [...] > ghci [...]
Prelude > :m Language.Haskell.Exts Prelude Language.Haskell.Exts > parseFile " YourFileHere . ( l ) hs "
If you get a parse error on a file that you feel should have been accepted , let me know !
If the parser gives you an AST result for a file that you feel it should n't have accepted , let me know !
Here 's the bug tracker : http://trac.haskell.org/haskell-src-exts/report/1
The reason I say it is " almost " a release candidate is that while I consider the functionality to be in place , I will tidy up the exports , add a few more convenient functions to export , and add a lot of documentation , before I make the actual release .
If you have a request for a particularly conventient function to add to the list of exports from the package , it 's thus not too late to get it into 1.0.0 . :-)
What 's cool in haskell - src- exts - 0.5.2 : ============================
* Support for all syntactic extensions supported by GHC , with two exceptions : UnicodeSyntax and NewQualifiedOperators .
These will likely be added in the next feature release .
Exclusive support for the newly registered XmlSyntax and RegularPatterns extensions .
No support ( yet ) for Hugs- specific extensions ( RestrictedTypeSynonyms , ExtensibleRecords , HereDocuments ) .
No support for CPP .
Also does not support the GHC - specific relaxation of layout in do - blocks , which is an unregistered extension ( that should be registered ! ) .
* Support for parametrising the parsing on what extensions it should recognise .
With no extensions given , it assumes Haskell98 .
Note that ' parseFile ' will look for language pragmas in your source file to decide what extensions to use when parsing .
If you want to be explicit , you can use ' parseFileWithExts ' , or ' parseFileWithMode ' that lets you set a few other things as well .
I intend to add some convenient names of extension groups , such as ' ghcExtensions ' and ' glasgowExts ' , this is one area where I would particularly welcome suggestions .
* Support for correct fixities of infix operators .
By default it uses the fixities defined in the Prelude , as well as in the current document ( including local let - bound fixities ) .
Use ' parseFileWithMode ' to set a different set of fixities .
Language .
Haskell .Exts .
Fixity defines preludeFixities and baseFixities ( all fixities defined in the base package ) , as well as combinators for defining your own sets .
Much thanks to Neil Mitchell for the meat of this code .
* No ( known ) bugs ! :-)
Special note for users of HaRP / HSP : I 've uploaded a new version of hsx , hsx - 0.5.0 , that works with haskell - src- exts - 0.5.2 .
There is one known bug in this version though , it cannot handle ' proc ' entities from the Arrows extensions , I 'm still considering how to fix that .
In the mean time you can use it just fine , as long as your files do n't contain any ' proc ' blocks ( which the old version could n't handle anyway ) .
Cheers and happy Haskelling , / Niklas
Behavioral studies of specific populations are extremely challenging things , as recruiting a set of participants that represent a true cross-section of the larger population is never easy .
The mere willingness to participate in a study involves a necessary degree of self - selection within this population , which can seriously complicate behavioral studies — after all , it 's entirely possible that a willingness to take surveys is the product of one of the behavioral traits under examination .
That 's why , even though a small survey can produce results with a high statistical confidence , it still may represent nothing more than a robust result within a non-representative group .
All of that should serve as a precautionary background on a new survey of Wikipedia participants .
The short publication that describes these results is entitled , " Personality Characteristics of Wikipedia Members , " and the news is n't especially good .
Those contributing online feel that their true personality comes across better in the virtual environment ; they also scored lower on a measure of agreeableness , and are n't especially open to new ideas .
It 's easy to rationalize the first of these findings : if someone is more comfortable online , they 're more likely to contribute to an online community .
The other two , however , require a bit more in the way of mental gymnastics , given Wikipedia 's relative newness and its focus on building a consensus about what constitutes relevant , unbiased information .
In one press report on the findings , an author suggests that Wikipedia might provide a way for these individuals to compensate for real world inadequacies .
Credit to whoever did that reporting for noting the number of Wikipedians who were surveyed to produce these results : a grand total of 69 , all from Israel .
For some unfathomable reason , however , the reporter neglected to consider just how staggeringly unrepresentative those 69 are of Wikipedia at large .
Wikipedia 's own survey of its contributors racked up roughly 12,000 original contributors ( and another 32,000 sporadic contributors ) .
Given that there were responses from about 400 Israelis , that survey probably included about 175 Israeli contributors .
And Israel appears to constitute a small corner of the Wikiverse , as there were roughly 20,000 responses each from the US and Germany ; another five countries provided over 5,000 survey responses .
So , the 69 individuals surveyed appear to represent little more than the Israeli contributors that were willing to complete a survey .
There 's reason to be a bit skeptical about the survey , as well .
The evaluation of personality traits appears to have used a standard series of questions that have been validated by others in the field .
But the questions about where one best expresses their real identity were derived from a " Real Me Questionnaire " that consisted of only four questions .
There 's nothing wrong with the study per se ; it 's a reasonable first attempt at addressing a recent social phenomenon that has n't been extensively explored .
But the survey size and geographic limits indicate that it should be interpreted very cautiously and not viewed as a generalized portrait of Wikipedia contributors .
Unfortunately , the authors of the paper have done just that , both in the paper itself and in the interview material .
Of course , the paper itself probably would have only reached an audience of people trained to identify the limitations of research if it were n't for the press coverage .
The fact that the author of that coverage was clearly aware of the issue ( at least to the degree that he typed the numbers ) but did n't bother to register its importance is pretty discouraging .
CyberPsychology & Behavior , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1089/cpb.2007.0225
Listing image by Image from Wikimedia Commons ; Oscar the Grouch character
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Considering how much “ education ” about music and copyright is out there ( “ downloading music is stealing ! ” ads and the like ) , most people have no idea how it actually works in terms of who owns what and who should get money from what kind of use .
And lately , with issues like confusion over Pandora royalties , songwriters trying to collect royalties from blogs that post YouTube videos , and even arguments that video games may constitute a public performance of music , it ’s just been getting increasingly complicated .
What follows is a brief , ( hopefully ) understandable run-down of how music royalties work , particularly with respect to the Internet .
Does this clear up the confusion of the above issues ?
Not a chance .
Heck , if the Copyright Office can’t figure it out , we ca n’t be expected to .
But this should at least shed some light on why the problems exist .
Note , of course , that this is a discussion of U.S. law .
Things get even more complicated when we start talking about international copyright law , so that ’s a discussion for another day .
1. TWO copyrights ( not ) for the price of one .
Music is a little more complicated than other kinds of art in that there are two completely separate copyrights – the rights to the song and the rights to the sound recording .
So when you hear , say , the song “ Hurt ” by Nine Inch Nails , there are two pieces of the pie to carve up : ( 1 ) ownership in the song ( the composition ) by Trent Reznor , because he wrote it ; and ( 2 ) ownership in the sound recording most likely by A&M because they ’re the record company ( the copyright only reverts to the recording artist once they ’ve “ recouped ” the cost of the recording – but that ’s a longer explanation for another day ) .
And then when you hear “ Hurt ” by Johnny Cash , there are still two pieces of the pie : ( 1 ) Trent Reznor still owns the composition ; and ( 2 ) Universal Music Group owns the sound recording because they were Cash ’s record label .
What this means is that when you use a song , you have to clear BOTH of those rights , not just one .
2 . How do the owners make money ?
The majority of revenue from owning part of a song comes from four places :
Record sales ( called “ mechanical royalties ” )
Public performance Synchronization rights ( when songs are used in movies or TV ) Sales of sheet music .
The first two are obviously the biggest , and there are a couple of things you need to know about those .
Mechanical rights .
All of the money from record sales does n’t go straight to the label ( and eventually to the artist ) ; some of it goes to the songwriter as well .
You can get what ’s called a mechanical license for the right to record a song , and ( a ) there ’s a statutory royalty rate , which is something like nine cents per song per copy sold , and ( b ) the license is compulsory , which means you do n’t need to get permission from the songwriter to record the song .
So once Nine Inch Nails recorded “ Hurt , ” Johnny Cash did n’t have to get their consent to cover it ; he just had the pay them royalties ( though I understand that Trent Reznor really , really liked the cover ) .
Public performance rights .
The important thing to know about public performance rights is that it only applies to the composition copyright , not to sound recordings .
Which means that any money that comes out of this right goes to the songwriter , not to the record label .
The major examples of public performances are ( a ) concerts , ( b ) music playing in a public venue ( like a bar ) , and ( c ) radio play .
Also , ( d ) the Internet ?
This one ’s tricky , so hold off for a second on thinking about that one .
But one thing to know is that whenever you hear a song on the radio , the person singing it is only getting money for that radio play if they wrote the song .
You know how you sometimes look at the liner notes and a recording artists is credited with co-writer credits on most of the songs ?
This is why .
They may not have had anything to do with actually writing it , but getting a piece of that copyright can be part of negotiations .
3 . So where do the RIAA and ASCAP come in ?
You probably know what the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) is – the group that represents all of the record labels and distributors and has gotten some bad press for suing individual file - sharers for very large amounts of money .
So they ’re concerned with getting the first piece of the copyright pie .
For the other piece , we go somewhere else – or actually , three somewheres if you ’re in the U.S. – the American Society of Composers , Authors , and Publishers ( ASCAP ) , Broadcast Music , Inc. ( BMI ) , and SESAC ( which used to stand for something but does n’t anymore ) .
ASCAP is the most prominent , largely because it was first , and it came about because a bunch of composers in the early 20th century ( like Irving Berlin and John Philip Sousa ) noticed that their music was getting performed all over the place and they were n’t getting any money for it .
It would be pretty much impossible for a songwriter to go around and collect royalties from every nightclub or hotel where someone ’s performing his music , so the purpose of ASCAP is to negotiate and collect fees from these places ( and , importantly , radio stations ) and divvy it all up among the songwriters .
This is usually the bulk of a songwriter ’s income .
( Also note that this does n’t apply to “ dramatic works ” – i.e. , performances of musicals or operas or the like – those are negotiated directly with the music publisher . )
4 . And then the Internet started causing problems .
So this system worked pretty well for a long time , until a few things happened .
One is obviously file - sharing .
Another is streaming music on the Internet .
As everyone knows , the music industry has been struggling to keep its former glory for the last decade .
And when there ’s less of the pie to carve up , everyone wants a bigger piece .
Radio royalties .
With CD sales dwindling since Napster came on the scene , the RIAA has been fighting for years in hopes of securing some kind of revenue for digital transmissions ; they ’ve been trying to get a public performance right in sound recordings .
In other words , record labels wanted a piece whenever a song is played on the radio ( including Internet radio ) .
Neither broadcasters nor ASCAP like this idea with respect to radio because it will mean one of two things : ( 1 ) the pie will get bigger ( bad for radio stations ) , or ( 2 ) the pieces will get smaller ( bad for songwriters ) .
One note on international law : the U.S. is basically the only country without public performance rights in sound recordings , and the rule is that since international owners of recordings do n’t get performance royalties from radio play in the U.S. , other countries can withhold royalties from U.S. copyright owners – so if the RIAA wins this battle , they ’ll be getting more income from other countries as well .
Internet radio .
Meanwhile , webcasters are another group that this could seriously affect .
The DMCA gives webcasters ( i.e. , Internet radio ) the right to use whatever recorded music they want in exchange for paying set royalty rates , and this is controlled by SoundExchange , an organization that works sort of like ASCAP for these fees – though they pay the artists directly rather than the record labels , which is good for the artists .
As you may have heard , webcasters recently dodged a bullet with respect to hiking up royalty rates , but they still do n’t think it ’s fair that they have to pay for sound recordings and regular radio stations do n’t .
In fact , it may be that Internet radio may actually team up with record labels to lobby for everyone paying across the board – after all , if broadcast radio starts paying as well , the labels might not push so hard against webcasters .
Public performance on the Internet .
One of the major problems that the Internet has caused is the question of what exactly constitutes a public performance .
For example , a few years ago there was a legal battle as to whether public performance licenses might be required for downloads of music even though there ’s no sound during the download .
Whereas it seems intuitive that downloading a song is the same as buying a record ( and thus no performance ) , some say that downloading involves a transmission “ to the public . ”
ASCAP went after AOL and a few other online music distributors a couple of years ago , and a federal court decided that ( a ) a download in itself is not a public performance , ( b ) streaming is , but ( c ) a download where there is also streaming might be .
In other words , if you can listen to it while you ’re downloading it , there might be a problem .
And recently there have been other , similar issues .
ASCAP says that now that video games are often streamed over the Internet ( for example , Xbox live ) , this constitutes a public performance and the services should be paying for an ASCAP license .
And of course , the most recent controversy is that ASCAP has been sending bills to blogs for the use of YouTube videos – including [ Geeks are Sexy ] – even though YouTube itself is paying $ 1.6 million to ASCAP .
So what do you think ?
If we embed a YouTube video with a song in the background , should we be paying the person who wrote the song ?
Does it matter that YouTube might already be paying them ?
I point out that ASCAP and the RIAA are two different groups largely because I see a lot of “ they keep trying to take our money ! ” but the issue is that the money is going to two different places .
If the RIAA sues file - sharers into oblivion , songwriters wo n’t see that money , but if ASCAP gets money from bloggers , it does n’t go to the record labels .
I also think that there ’s a group intuition of record labels as evil money - grubbers whereas songwriters are more warm and fuzzy .
But I do n’t think that there are necessarily villains in this situation – it really is hard to figure out what ’s fair when technology does n’t jive with the law that ’s on the books .
What I do know is that we all want the music industry to stay in business , so everyone needs to get some of the pie – and hopefully we can figure out how big the pieces should be ( and make sure that there is a pie to carve up ) .
There is a lot more that I could say about this subject , and a lot of things that I obviously did n’t touch on – but I hope that maybe this cleared up some of it .
And of course , even if you just read all of this , it does n’t cover all of the confusion about music , technology , and royalties .
Do n’t even get me started on ringtones .
Though if you want to find out more , there ’s a great book called The Future of the Music Business that was recently updated and covers all of this stuff in detail .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Tests on a British Airways cabin crew member taken to a London hospital suffering flu - like symptoms have shown he does not have swine flu which has killed up to 81 in Mexico , the hospital said on Sunday .
The man was taken to Northwick Park Hospital in Harrow , northwest London , on Saturday afternoon as a precautionary measure after his flight from Mexico City touched down at Heathrow .
Tests proved negative for the new type of swine flu .
A spokesman for the hospital said doctors believed the crew member could be suffering some kind of travel illness , and will remain in hospital .
Countries around the world have imposed health checks at airports as the World Health Organization warned the new flu strain , a mixture of various swine , bird and human viruses , had the potential to become a pandemic .
Already several people have been infected in the United States .
The cabin crew member was the first such reported precautionary measure in Britain .
A Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) said it was working with the British government to review the situation in Mexico and any threat it may pose to public health in Britain .
“ There is currently a very low level of flu activity in the UK , ” it said on its Web site .
“ The HPA and the NHS ( National Health Service ) have systems in place , which will alert public health authorities of any unusual strain circulating in the UK . ”
There was currently no travel restrictions on those planning to visit the affected areas of Mexico or the United States , it said .
It advised anyone who has recently traveled to the affected areas and is experiencing influenza like symptoms to stay at home to limit contact with others , and seek medical advice from a local health professional .
With the new Star Trek out , it 's long past time ( as it were ) that we laid out the rules for would - be fictional time - travelers .
( Spoiler : Spock travels to the past and gets a sex change and becomes Kirk 's grandfather — no — lover . *)
Not that we expect these rules to be obeyed ; the dramatic demands of a work of fiction will always trump the desire to get things scientifically accurate , and Star Trek all by itself has foisted half a dozen mutually - inconsistent theories of time travel on us .
But time travel is n't magic ; it may or may not be allowed by the laws of physics — we do n't know them well enough to be sure — but we do know enough to say that if time travel were possible , certain rules would have to be obeyed .
And sometimes it 's more interesting to play by the rules .
So if you wanted to create a fictional world involving travel through time , here are 10+1 rules by which you should try to play .
0 . There are no paradoxes .
This is the overarching rule , to which all other rules are subservient .
It 's not a statement about physics ; it 's simply a statement about logic .
In the actual world , true paradoxes — events requiring decidable propositions to be simultaneously true and false — do not occur .
Anything that looks like it would be a paradox if it happened indicates either that it wo n't happen , or our understanding of the laws of nature is incomplete .
Whatever laws of nature the builder of fictional worlds decides to abide by , they must not allow for true paradoxes .
1. Traveling into the future is easy .
We travel into the future all the time , at a fixed rate : one second per second .
Stick around , you 'll be in the future soon enough .
You can even get there faster than usual , by decreasing the amount of time you experience elapsing with respect to the rest of the world — either by low - tech ways like freezing yourself , or by taking advantage of the laws of special relativity and zipping around near the speed of light .
( Remember we 're talking about what is possible according to the laws of physics here , not what is plausible or technologically feasible . )
It 's coming back that 's hard .
2 . Traveling into the past is hard — but maybe not impossible .
If Isaac Newton 's absolute space and time had been the correct picture of nature , we could simply say that traveling backwards in time was impossible , and that would be the end of it .
But in Einstein 's curved - spacetime universe , things are more flexible .
From your own personal , subjective point of view , you always more forward in time — more technically , you move on a timelike curve through spacetime .
But the large - scale curvature of spacetime caused by gravity could , conceivably , cause timelike curves to loop back on themselves — that is to say , become closed timelike curves — such that anyone traveling on such a path would meet themselves in the past .
That 's what respectable , Einstein - approved time travel would really be like .
Of course , there 's still the little difficulty of warping spacetime so severely that you actually create closed timelike curves ; nobody knows a foolproof way of doing that , or even whether it 's possible , although ideas involving wormholes and cosmic strings and spinning universes have been bandied about .
3 . Traveling through time is like traveling through space .
I 'm only going to say this once :
There would be no flashing lights .
At least , there would only be flashing lights if you brought along some strobes , and decided to start them flashing as you traveled along your closed timelike curve .
Likewise , there is no disappearance in a puff of smoke and re-appearing at some other time .
Traveling through time is just like traveling through space :
You move along a certain path , which ( we are presuming ) the universe has helpfully arranged so that your travels bring you to an earlier moment in time .
But a time machine would n't look like a booth with spinning wheels that dematerializes now and rematerializes some other time ; it would look like a rocket ship .
Or possibly a DeLorean , in the unlikely event that your closed timelike curve started right here on Earth and never left the road .
Think of it this way : Imagine there were a race of super - intelligent trees , who could communicate with each other using abstract concepts but did n't have the ability to walk .
They might fantasize about moving through space , and in their fantasies " space travel " would resemble teleportation , with the adventurous tree disappearing in a puff of smoke and reappearing across the forest .
But we know better ; real travel from one point to another through space is a continuous process .
Time travel would be like that .
4 . Things that travel together , age together .
If you travel through time , and you bring along with you some clocks or other objects , all those things experience time in exactly the same way that you do .
In particular , both you and the clocks march resolutely forward in time , from your own perspective .
You do n't see clocks spinning wildly backwards , nor do you yourself " age " backwards , and you certainly do n't end up wearing the clothes you favored back in high school .
Your personal experience of time is governed by clocks in your brain and body — the predictable beating of rhythmic pulses of chemical and biological processes .
Whatever flow of time is being experienced by those processes — and thus by your conscious perception — is also being experienced by whatever accompanies you on your journey .
5 . Black holes are not time machines .
Sadly , if you fell into a black hole , it would not spit you out at some other time .
It would n't spit you out at all — it would gobble you up and grow slightly more corpulent in the process .
If the black hole were big enough , you might not even notice when you crossed the point of no return defined by the event horizon .
But once you got close to the center of the hole , tidal forces would tug at you — gently at first , but eventually tearing you apart .
The technical term is spaghettification .
Not a recommended strategy for would - be time adventurers .
Wormholes — tunnels through spacetime , which in principle can connect widely - separated events — are a more promising alternative .
Wormholes are to black holes as elevators are to deep wells filled with snakes and poisoned spikes .
The problem is , unlike black holes , we do n't know whether wormholes exist , or even whether they can exist , or how to make them , or how to preserve them once they are made .
Wormholes want to collapse and disappear , and keeping them open requires a form of negative energies .
Nobody knows how to make negative energies , although they occasionally slap the name " exotic matter " on the concept and pretend it might exist .
6 . If something happened , it happened .
What people want to do with time machines is to go into the past and change it .
You can't .
The past already happened , and it can't un -happen .
You might wonder what 's to stop you from jumping in your time machine , finding your high - school self , and convincing them that they really should n't go to the senior prom after all , thereby saving yourself all sorts of humiliation .
But if you really did go to the prom , then that can't happen .
The simple way out , of course , is to suppose that travel into the past is simply impossible .
But even if it 's not , you can't change what already happened ; every event in spacetime is characterized by certain things occurring , and those things are fixed once and for all once they happen .
If you did manage to go back in time to your years in high school , something would prevent you from dissuading your younger self from doing anything other than what they actually did .
Even if you tried really hard .
7 . There is no meta - time .
The least realistic time - travel movie of all time might be Back to the Future .
When Marty McFly changes the past ( violating Rule 6 ) , the future " instantaneously " changes .
What the hell is that supposed to mean ?
Time measures the temporal interval between different events in spacetime , and can be quantified by clocks .
There is no set of clocks outside the universe , with respect to which you can go muck around in the past and have effects propagate into the future " at the same time . "
Likewise , your brain is not going to change to remember things differently , nor will any other record - keeping device such as diaries or photographs or embarrassing sex tapes .
Sorry about that .
8 . You can't travel back to before the time machine was built .
Right now , at the particular place you are sitting , at the time when you are sitting there , one of two things is true :
Either there is a closed timelike curve passing through that point in spacetime , or there is not .
And that situation will never change — no matter what clever engineers may do in the future , if they create closed timelike curves they cannot pass through events in spacetime through which closed timelike curves did not pass ( corollary of Rule 6 ) .
Or in plain English :
If you build a time machine where there was n't one before , it may be possible for future travelers to come back to that time , but nothing can help you go back to times before the machine was built .
9 . Unless you go to a parallel universe .
Parallel universes — the kind we contemplate in the many - worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics ( MWI ) — provide potential loopholes for some of the above rules .
According to the MWI , there exist different " branches " of the wave function of the universe , distinguished by different observed outcomes for the measurement of quantum events .
In the celebrated Schrödinger 's cat thought experiment , there is a " universe " where the cat is alive , and one where it is dead .
Some imaginative ( but respectable ) physicists , especially David Deutsch , have speculated that we could combine this idea with the possibility of closed timelike curves to contemplate travel into the past of a different universe .
If time travel is unlikely , this idea is ( unlikely ) ^2 , but it 's not inherently paradoxical .
If you could travel to the past in a different branch of the wave function , then we are allowed to contemplate changing that past in a self - consistent way , because it 's no longer really " your " past .
So almost all cinematic invocations of time travel — where they are constantly mucking about , changing the past in crucial ways — would have to appeal to something along these lines to make any sense .
But even if you can change what you thought was the past , all of the rules of continuity and sensibility still apply — no flashing lights , no disappearing , no sudden changes in the future , no re-writing of your memories , etc .
10 .
And even then , your old universe is still there .
Remember Rule 0 : no paradoxes .
If you have reliable records of having made some unwise decisions regarding your social life in high school , then those decisions were made , and can't be un-made .
Even if you go into a different branch of the wave function , where you bestow some wisdom - of - experience on your younger self , you would only be changing the history of that universe .
There is still the universe you left behind , with all of your bad decisions still intact .
That 's life in the multiverse for you .
It remains for future scholars to write Ph.D. theses along the lines of Utility Functions and Moral Dilemmas in an Ensemble of Multiple Interacting Universes .
But it 's just a matter of time .
* Update : Spock does not actually travel backwards in time and become Kirk 's grandfather , nor lover , nor does he write Shakespeare 's plays .
That was a " joke . "
I am reliably informed that the Spoiler Patrol and Internet Rectitude Society does not appreciate " jokes . "
Jeane Lepper , chairman of the licensing panel , said : " Clearly it is a difficult problem .
We do n't want to stop the business from being able to trade but if they are serving underage drinkers because they cannot communicate with them then we must do something . "
This is not the first time that foreign companies have been enlisted in government efforts to police the Internet .
Google already removes politically forbidden results yielded by its popular search engine , Microsoft allows censors to block content on its blog service , and Yahoo was widely criticized for turning over information that was used to jail a journalist .
“ I would advise dissidents to buy computers before July 1 , ” said Clothilde Le Coz , the head of the Internet freedom desk of Reporters Without Borders .
More than 40 million personal computers were sold last year in China , one of the fastest growing markets .
Despite the slowing economy , industry analysts expect that figure to rise by 3 percent this year .
A group of industry representatives met with American officials Monday to express their displeasure with the new rules , said Susan N. Stevenson , a spokeswoman for the United States Embassy in Beijing .
“ We view any attempt to restrict the free flow of information with great concern , ” she said .
Zhang Chenming , general manager of Jinhui Computer System Engineering , a company that helped create Green Dam , said worries that the software could be used to censor a broad range of content or monitor Internet use were overblown .
He insisted that the software , which neutralizes programs designed to override China ’s so - called Great Firewall , could simply be deleted or temporarily turned off by the user .
“ A parent can still use this computer to go to porn , ” he said .
Although the directive is somewhat imprecise and suggests that manufacturers can provide the software as a compact disc , it also says that it must be installed on computer hard drives as a backup file .
The five - point circular uses the word “ preinstall ” repeatedly and the first clause unequivocally states : “ Imported computers shall preinstall the latest available version of the ‘ Green Dam ’ software before they are sold in China . ”
Manufacturers complain that they have had been given little guidance by Chinese authorities .
“ The wording may be intentionally vague , but the message is clear : we have no choice in the matter , ” said one computer executive who spoke on condition of anonymity because some companies are hoping they can persuade the government to ease the requirements .
Okay folks , I ’m not touching this one …
Responses will probably span the gammet from totally accurate to completely unfair .
But it is funny , and well produced .
So , you be the judge of the latest spoof on the General Motors bankruptcy debacle .
This video is not the first and definitely wo n’t be the last featuring GM .
Check it out after the jump and please post any comments that you have .
Source : GM Retardation
For those who would like to think today 's murder in church of Dr. George Tiller , an abortion provider , is an isolated incident : here 's the horrifying news :
You are wrong .
The pattern is clear and frightening .
For those who would like to think today ’s murder in church of Dr. George Tiller , an abortion provider , is an isolated incident : here ’s the horrifying news :
You are wrong .
The pattern is clear and frightening .
In March 1993 , three months into the administration of our first pro-choice president , Bill Clinton , abortion provider Dr. David Gunn was murdered in Pensacola , Florida .
That was the beginning of what would become a five - fold increase in violence against abortion providers throughout the Clinton years .
Today ’s assassination of Dr. George Tiller comes five months into the term of our second pro-choice president .
For anyone who would like to believe that this is a statistical anomaly , a coincidence that does n’t portend anything , again , you are wrong .
During the entire Bush administration , from 2000 - 2008 there were no murders .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
During the Clinton era , between 1994 -2000 there were six abortion providers and clinic staff murdered , and 17 attempted murders of abortion providers ( one of these attempts was on Dr. Tiller who was shot in both arms . )
There were 12 bombings or arsons during the Clinton years .
During the Bush administration , not only were there no murders , there were no attempted murders .
There was one clinic bombing during the Bush years .
One can only conclude that like terrorist sleeper cells , these extremists have now been set in motion .
Indeed the evidence is already there .
The chatter , the threats , the hate - filled rhetoric are abundant .
In the last year of the Bush administration there were 396 harassing calls to abortion clinics .
In just the first four months of the Obama administration that number has jumped to 1401 .
And so the execution of Tiller , 67 , is not only tragic but ominous .
He was born into an era when being an abortion provider meant saving women ’s lives .
And the cold - blooded murder in church and in front of his wife of this stalwart defender of women rights and beloved physician , comes as a message for others , as well as tragic deja vu .
Battered women are at greatest danger of being killed by their abusers when they are most strong –that is , when they muster the courage to leave .
The same phenomenon may be true in the abusive political abortion debate .
The pro-choice movement , specifically our abortion providers , are in the greatest danger of violence when we take power .
When the anti-abortion movement loses power , their most extreme elements appear to move to the fore and take control .
The murder of Dr. Tiller suggests that violence against abortion providers may be far more linked to the power , or lack thereof , anti-abortion groups have politically than to laws designed to increase penalties against such acts .
History has another disturbing lesson for us .
The escalation of anti-abortion rhetoric plays a direct role in instigating violence .
When anti-abortion groups ratchet up the rhetoric , they know exactly what they ’re doing and the results it will have .
Even if they maintain deniability , as Operation Rescue recently did saying , in effect , we wanted Tiller gone , but did n’t want him murdered , they have inflamed the rhetoric .
And suddenly people Like Dr. Tiller ’s murderer become inspired .
On this issue , history is instructive .
Eleanor Bader , author of Targets of Hatred : Anti-Abortion Terrorism , in an article in March for Rewire about clinics bracing for an uptick in violence after the election of Obama wrote , " immediately after Obama ’s election , Douglas Johnson , Legislative Director of the National Right to Life Committee , called him a " hardcore pro-abortion president . "
The American Life League dubbed him " one of the most radical pro-abortion politicians ever , " and Father Frank Pavone of Priests for Life warned that Obama will " force Americans to pay for the killing of innocents . "
Americans United for Life , the Family Research Council and Operation Save America quickly joined the chorus . "
Bader interviewed clinic staff — many seeing a direct relationship between the pro-choice victory in November and increased aggression against them and their patients .
Claire Keyes , of Allegheny Reproductive Health in Pittsburgh , explained ,
" Right after the election we saw a small upsurge in anti-abortion activity .
But since the inauguration , things have gotten measurably worse .
There ’s been an increase in picketing by students from Franciscan University in Ohio .
On Saturdays there are 60 - plus protesters and there ’s been an increase in screaming and aggression .
We do n’t have a parking lot so people park on the street .
The antis have surrounded cars , trapping the women inside , and in several cases the antis jumped into vehicles and touched or grabbed at them .
The police were called but so far they do n’t seem to be responding appropriately . "
Bader also quotes Elizabeth Barnes , Executive Director of the Philadelphia Women ’s Center , who explained , " When the pendulum swung in the direction of protecting women ’s rights , we expected something .
The way the antis are reacting has changed , they ’re taking more liberties , pressing the boundaries of legal , civil protest . "
Many in the pro-choice movement believed that the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances ( FACE ) law , passed in 1994 in response to Gunn ’s murder , was responsible for reigning in violence against abortion providers .
Clearly that is not the case .
Based on statistics on violence against abortion providers compiled by the National Abortion Federation , even after the passage of FACE in 1994 , there was still considerable violence and threats against clinic personnel , including six murders .
As appears clear , the pro-choice movement has looked through rose - colored glasses , assuming or hoping that legalities can restrain terrorists .
In fact , it did n’t abate after FACE , as we ’ve seen .
It was not until a comforting anti-abortion president did they calm down and stop the murder , bombing and harassment spree .
As a result of Bush ’s policies , recent reportings from clinics suggest that we may be seeing a surge in abortions .
That has failed to inspire introspection from anti-abortion groups .
That Clinton presided over the most dramatic decline in abortion rates in the recorded history of our country left them unmoved .
That Obama has assigned his senior most staff to the task of finding ways to reduce the need for abortion has not protected clinics nor providers nor Obama .
Holder and his Justice Department should take note of the chatter and move aggressively against this form of domestic terrorism .
The hate - filled rhetoric against Obama from the anti-abortion movement is at unprecedented levels , even for this reflexively inflammatory group .
They refer to him as the " Most Pro-Abortion President Ever " ignoring the fact that he is the first to extend an olive branch in hopes that together we can make abortion more rare .
Anti-abortion groups will put out carefully worded press statements condemning the murder of Dr. Tiller , as became routine for them during the Clinton years .
But unless the rhetoric they choose from now on becomes careful too–they may be the enablers of murder and terror .
President Obama ’s decision to make public four Bush - era memos authorizing “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” of terrorist suspects is now putting key Democrats on the spot , too .
The top Republican on the House intelligence committee is calling for the release of the names all members of Congress briefed on these techniques , as well as the substance of those briefings .
The practice during the Bush years was to restrict highly classified intelligence oversight hearings to the so - called gang of eight – that is , the party leaders of both the House and Senate ( speaker of the House , Senate majority leader , and minority leaders of the House and Senate ) , as well as the chairman and ranking minority - party members of the House and Senate intelligence panels .
But attendance at these briefings varied .
Republicans want clarification on who , exactly , attended the briefings , what they knew , and what they found out , and what they did about it .
In a bid to get a “ full and accurate picture , ” Rep. Peter Hoekstra ( R ) of Michigan released Monday the text of a letter to the Director of National Intelligence calling for a full and accurate list of members who were briefed on the issue .
The list provided to date is “ incomplete and inaccurate , ” he wrote .
Bipartisan support for methods ?
It ’s the latest volley in an escalating controversy over US use of techniques that some have deemed torture .
Republicans , including former Vice President Dick Cheney , say the complete record will show bipartisan support for techniques that helped to keep Americans safe .
Democrats say it 's a bid to shift blame for torture away from the Bush administration to them , then the minority party , though they had little power to block it .
“ After all , we were in the minority then .
We could n’t have stopped it , ” said a Democratic aide , speaking on background .
Hoekstra 's letter
The Hoekstra letter to DNI Dennis Blair , dated April 24 , said the public needs to know what these members knew and when they knew it , including the release of the Central Intelligence Agency ’s reports on the substance of the briefings and the names of all who attended .
“ Since the documents already in the possession of the Committee clearly indicate that careful records were kept with respect to these briefings by the CIA , it is difficult to understand the delay in receiving a full and complete accounting , ” the congressman wrote .
“ These documents should be provided immediately , and Congress is clearly entitled to records of its own briefings . ”
If the documents are not released , the DNI must ensure that they are preserved , he added .
“ Serious question would arise if any such briefing records were destroyed or unavailable for review by the Committee . ”
The rules of classified briefings
On both sides of the aisle , lawmakers ' aides are scrambling to document responses to these briefings from within their own ranks .
To date , Rep. Jane Harman ( D ) of California is on record as objecting early on to use of these interrogation techniques , as is Sen. John Rockefeller IV ( D ) of West Virginia .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said last week that she had been briefed on enhanced interrogation but was not aware at the time that waterboarding , or simulated drowning , was being practiced .
Speaking broadly about classified briefings she had received as the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel , Ms. Pelosi said lawmakers could not disclose such material , even if they wanted to .
“ When you are briefed on something , it is n't your information to share with anybody else , ” Pelosi said at a roundtable organized by The Christian Science Monitor on April 22 .
“ Whether they are briefing you on legal opinions or they 're briefing you on actions they are taking , you have no ability to share that information with anybody else .
Even if I wanted to share , I would not have had the liberty to share , ” she said .
A too -quiet protest ?
But a former CIA director and a one - time chair of the House intelligence panel challenges that account of events .
In an op - ed in The Washington Post on Saturday , retired Rep. Porter Goss ( R ) of Florida wrote that lawmakers briefed about waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques " gave the CIA our bipartisan support . "
" I do not recall a single objection from my colleagues .
They did not vote to stop authorizing CIA funding .
And for those who now reveal filed ' memorandums for the record ' suggesting concern , real concern should have been expressed immediately – to the committee chairs , the briefers , the House speaker or minority leader , the CIA director or the president 's national security adviser – and not quietly filed away in case the day came when the political winds shifted .
And shifted they have , " he added .
Moreover , critics say , members of Congress who were in the know had options they did not pursue .
“ It ’s a revealing argument in that it sheds light on the mind - set of congressional leaders , ” says Steve Aftergood , director of the Project on Government Secrecy with the Federation of American Scientists in Washington .
“ They feel at a disadvantage and comparatively powerless .
Are they in fact powerless ?
Arguably , the answer is no .
They have tools at their disposal that they have not used . ”
He adds : “ Those [ tools ] include use of funding restrictions as leverage to gain more information , to increase oversight , or , in extreme cases , to terminate dubious or illegal operations .
None of those steps were taken with waterboarding . ”
Human rights advocates echo his sentiment .
“ I ’m not sure that , even with more authority , Congress would have done more , ” says Michael Ratner , president of the Center for Constitutional Rights , a human rights group that advocates for the rights of Guantánamo detainees .
“ They did not take full advantage of the authority they had . ”
Live from the JavaOne conference , I ’m currently attending a session on JCA specification 1.6 enhancements .
According to the specification team , the goal of the new version of the spec is to simplify writing resource adapters ( RAs ) for those who have not written them in the past or may be new to the specification .
In this article , I highlight some of the important new features .
1. New Annotation : @ Connector
An alternative for creating XML information , this can now be done simply in the annotation .
2. New Annotation : @ ConfigProperty
Complicated in previous versions , the new 1.6 spec will allow for automatic discovery of config properties to ease development of connectors .
3. New Annotation : @ Activation
They ’ve replaced activation interface required with simple annotation property as follows :
@Activation ( ) public class MyActivationSpec { //
Use of bean validation annotations to express validation requirements @ Size ( min=5 , max=5 ) private int length ; // other methods ... }
Generic Work Context
They updated the concept of work context to accomplish tasks .
A resource adapter submits a job request to the work manager , which then creates a work plan to complete the request , such as setting the proper transaction request .
Backwards compatible with existing JCA 1.5 connector work solution .
More Information
This article is briefer than previous ones , in part because the slides were fast and flowing during the talk .
Hopefully , I ’ll update the information when the official slides are published .
Environmental groups contend that the Bonneville Power Administration ’s shift to wind turbines buttresses their case for tearing down dams in the agency ’s territory , particularly four along the lower Snake River in Washington State that helped decimate one of North America ’s great runs of wild salmon .
Bonneville wants to keep all the dams , arguing that they not only provide cheap power but they also make an ideal complement to large - scale installation of wind power .
When the wind slows and power production drops , the agency argues , it can compensate quickly by telling the Army Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation , which operate the dams , to release more water from reservoirs to turn the huge generators .
When the wind picks up , dam operations can be slowed .
The dams help alleviate a need for natural - gas - fired power plants , which are used in other regions as a backup power source when the wind stops blowing , but which release carbon dioxide that contributes to global warming .
By balancing wind power with hydropower , the Bonneville Power Administration says it believes it can limit the use of natural gas and coal plants across the West , even as the region ’s demand for electricity rises .
Around the country , dams provide 6 percent of electricity generation  double the amount from other renewable sources like wind , solar power and biomass  and much of that is concentrated in the West .
The influx of wind on Bonneville ’s system has come as a result of renewable power goals set by governments in the Western states , which aim to reduce their output of greenhouse gases .
Bonneville says that when the wind is blowing most strongly , 18 percent of the power in its control area now comes from wind , and that number may rise to 30 percent next year .
( Not all of that is consumed in the Pacific Northwest ; some is sold to California . )
Call Congress : Take the Pledge for the Public Option Progressive members of Congress need to draw a line in the sand and demand a public health insurance option -- something 76 % of Americans want .
We need you to call progressive members of Congress and ask that they Take the Pledge to vote against any health care bill that does n't have a public plan which is : available nationwide
on day one
and accountable to Congress and the voters
You can find their phone numbers below .
After you call , let us know what they say in the box to the left .
Email : * First Name : Last Name : State / Region / Province : AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY -- AA AE AP AS FM GU MH MP PR PW VI Zip / Postal Code : * Member of Congress you called : * Will they Take the Pledge ? : * Select ...
Yes they will Take the Pledge Leaning Yes Leaning No Refuse to Take the Pledge No Position
Who did you speak with and what did they say ? :
Please leave this field blank : * required
It stems from a violent encounter between a Passaic , N.J. , cop and a mentally ill man .
The entire incident was recorded by a surveillance camera mounted outside a nearby restaurant on May 29 2009 .
With a swollen eye and bruised ribs , Ronnie Holloway claimed to wonder what led to it all .
" I know I deserve better the way I was treated , " Holloway said .
The way he was treated by Passaic Police was captured on surveillance camera at a restaurant .
Holloway , who has lived in the neighborhood near Lawrence ’s for 25 years , said he was taking his nightly walk when a police cruiser stopped in front of him .
It was warm and Holloway had his sweat shirt unzipped and was bare - chested .
Holloway said the officers told him to zip his sweat shirt and that he was complying when Rios got out of the cruiser .
“ That ’s when he grabbed me with both hands at the collar area real physically hard and just flung me up against the police vehicle , " Holloway said .
Holloway is then thrown to the ground and punched several times .
Then the baton comes out , followed by swings to the ribs .
" I recall him saying , ' get down ' as he swung , but he kept swinging like that , " Holloway said .
Holloway is seen getting up and is pushed against the squad car again , then swung around , followed by two more baton swings to the legs .
Holloway was hauled away when back - up squads arrived and insists he never resisted or said a word to Passaic Police during the entire 90 - second incident , but it 's clear from the video that he was saying something .
"
You do n't recall saying anything , yelling anything , saying anything that was provocative ?
" Holloway : " No . " Regardless of what may have been said , the family said it hardly justifies the physicality that followed .
" A lawsuit is likely , " mother Betty Holloway said .
Holloway 's mother also said her disabled son has schizophrenia .
" He 's a good person , " she said .
" Is it possible his schizophrenia may have done something to provoke police ?
" Betty Holloway : " No , because he was n't doing anything .
He was standing .
" Officer Joseph J. Rios III , who is a seven - year veteran , did not respond to a telephone message today about the incident .
Passaic Police Chief Daniel Paton declined to comment through White , the department spokesman .
No record of prior arrests for Holloway could be found in a search of court records today .
Holloway denies he has a record .
Passaic Police said the incident is under investigation and wo n't answer any questions , including why the officer is still on active duty .
" I feel he should definitely lose his job because it's not fair to be treated that way , " Ronnie Holloway said .
Rumors have swirled about Apple readying a new version of the iPod Touch with a camera and microphone , which , combined with a Skype account , would pretty much obviate the need for a home phone line once and for all .
A well - connected source tells us those rumors are on the money , and that Apple 's factories in China are already manufacturing iPod Touch models with integrated cameras and microphones .
An Apple spokesman declined to comment when reached by phone .
If iPod Touches with cameras and microphones go on sale " in two to three months , " as our source expects them to ( and which corresponds with our expected timeframe ) , they will transform the entertainment - oriented iPod Touch line into a voice communications tool wherever WiFi is available .
In addition to these voice - over - IP capabilities , which should have telephone providers quaking in their boots , the microphone ( and camera ) would enable the iPod Touch to understand voice commands , capture video and images , and work with a wider variety of programs in the App Store .
( Plus , as some Wired commenters have suggested , one could combine a microphone - equipped iPod Touch with the Verizon MiFi personal hotspot creator to enable – at long last – the iPhone experience on Verizon 's network . )
See Also :
Photo : hooverdust
From the ' faster browsers for Linux ' files :
Google 's Chrome browser has only officially been available for Linux and Mac users since early June .
Since then , Google has updated the browser once , keeping it at the same version number for Windows , Linux and Mac .
That is now changing with the 3.0.190.x release for the dev-channel version of Chrome .
For this release , Google actually has three seperate numbers for each platform .
The Mac is version 3.0.190.0 , Windows is 3.0.190.1 and Linux is 3.0.190.2 .
In my opinion , this new numbering is an obvious step as each platform is a little different .
Looking over the release notes for the release , it 's clear that a large part of the 3.0.190. x release is about bug fixes for Linux and Mac versions .
Among the issues fixed on Linux is the ability to import and export bookmarks .
I know , seems simple enough , but remember the first Chrome for Linux release was barely stable loaded down with bugs .
For Mac users there are incremental bug fixes too including one that will now enable Mac users to download more than one item in a tab .
Beyond just bug fixes , Google is aggressively updating its V8 JavaScript engine in all version of Chrome too .
The release notes actually indicate not one but two version upgrades for V8 in the 3.0.190. x release cycle ( versions 1.2.8.1 and V8 1.2.8.2 ) .
It 's important to remember that on Linux and Mac , Chrome is still just a dev-channel release and has not yet migrated to the stable - channel .
Google has three development streams for Chrome : dev , beta and stable -- so it could be another few weeks by count until we see a stable release for Mac and Linux .
Many people who begin eating gluten - free replace wheat products with corn products and are completely unaware that corn has several dark sides .
Not only is corn a high - carbohydrate , high - glycemic food that packs on the pounds and elevates blood sugar and insulin levels , but most corn grown and eaten in the United States is genetically modified ( GM ) , also called genetically engineered , which carries with it many potential health risks .
GM corn is not labeled , so we simply do n’t know for sure whether it is genetically modified or not .
But close to three - quarters of U.S. corn is genetically engineered .
That makes the chances quite high that when we eat corn products in restaurants and commercial corn products bought in grocery stores , we are getting a little bit of pesticide in every bite .
So , just what are the health hazards of eating GM corn ?
I briefly covered this topic in Going Against the Grain but many gluten - free eaters still are n’t aware of the potential risks to their health .
To cover the topic in more depth , I went straight to a recognized expert on the subject , Jeffrey M. Smith , author of Seeds of Deception and Genetic Roulette , and asked him to fill us in .
Studies suggest all of the following health dangers : allergies ; liver lesions ; less healthy , smaller offspring ; reduced fertility ; and higher rate of death .
Smith , who is not related to me , graciously agreed to write a guest post on the research so you can become better informed about this seriously underreported subject .
Besides corn , the other most commonly genetically modified foods to beware of are soy , cottonseed , canola , and sugar beets ( used in sugar ) .
As Smith explained in his guest post to come : “ Many health problems have gotten worse since GMOs entered the US food supply .
For example , when GMOs were widely introduced in 1996 , 7 percent of US citizens had three or more chronic illnesses .
Within nine years , that percentage nearly doubled to 13 percent .
Without any human clinical trials or post - marketing surveillance , we ca n’t tell which declining health statistic may be due to GMOs .
But we also ca n’t afford to wait to find out . ”
Do n’t take gluten out of your diet to improve your health and then play Russian roulette with your health or deteriorate your health further by eating lots of commercial corn .
I encourage you to learn more about how to protect yourself from GM foods by both reading the next post and by downloading a free Non-GMO Shopping Guide at www.ResponsibleTechnology.org.
Copyright © 2009 Melissa Diane Smith
Christopher G. Hipp , whose groundbreaking work with a supercompact computer helped companies vastly increase their computer power in a business world that is demanding more and more of it , died Tuesday while cycling in Palo Alto , Calif .
He was 47 and lived nearby in Redwood City .
Mr. Hipp , who was a semi- professional cyclist , died after collapsing during a morning ride along Sand Hill Road , the well - known Silicon Valley thoroughfare lined by venture capital companies , said his partner of 15 years , Lorraine Sneed , who lived with Mr. Hipp .
She said an autopsy was being performed , adding that he had taken blood thinners to prevent clots and that it was thought he might have died of an embolism .
Mr. Hipp ’s major technological contribution involved blade servers , which have in the last decade become a popular computer workhorse for businesses .
The compact servers give companies substantially more computer power while using significantly less space , and some blade designs consume far less power than traditional servers .
A webcam installed last year to broadcast live streaming video of Yellowstone National Park ’s iconic Old Faithful Geyser around the world was instrumental in the arrest of six vandals last week .
As seen in photos released today by Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ( PEER ) , a group of six trespassers ventured off the visitor boardwalk ; two apparently urinated and one dropped a rock into what is arguably the world ’s most famous geyser .
Outraged by what they saw on their home computers on the evening of May 4th , viewers of the Old Faithful webcam contacted park officials who then dispatched park rangers .
The trespassers were apprehended as they returned to the boardwalk twenty minutes later .
According to PEER , the webcam footage shows that several of the “ cone walkers ” appeared to urinate on the geyser cone and that two of them are seen digging around the geyser catch basin , one of whom looks to have dropped a rock into the geyser itself .
This is believed to be the first time webcams have been used in a National Park for this type of legal action .
In 2000 , the Park Service placed a moratorium on all new webcams pending development of a strategy that addressed a broad spectrum of issues .
Nine years later , a comprehensive webcam strategy has yet to be developed .
“ We are on the threshold of cyber - parks where spectacular vistas can be viewed from the nearest screen , even one in the palm of your hand , ” said PEER Executive Director Jeff Ruch in a statement .
“ Technology can have both good and bad effects and that is why we have urged the National Park Service to carefully plan before they start installing the latest gadgets , ” Ruch added .
“ If a tree falls in the forest , we will not only be able to hear it , but we can watch it topple and then run the video backward . ”
The six individuals caught on tape , all of whom were employees of the park concessionaire , were cited by park officials and will appear before a magistrate on May 19th where they face possible fines and jail time .
Images courtesy of PEER
Follow Tim Hurst on twitter
After making its appearance in the latest Firefox 3.5 RC 1 candidate builds , Mozilla has officially introduced the latest update to Firefox ’s icon .
Started several week ago , the design happened completely in the open through 14 iterations ( released in small batches ) so people were able to provide their feedback on what needed to be retouched .
Rendered by Anthony Piraino from the Iconfactory , you will notice that its main new characteristic is a stronger 3D look as the flames are truly surrounding the globe , more details in the hand and fur , more furry ears and snout , deeper shadows over the globe , and different reflections on the globe .
And here are all the Firefox icons so far :
The icon is available in a variety of sizes , formats , and layouts at the Mozilla Wiki .
A vector version is also planned to be released soon .
It will accompanied by a special license agreement to help prevent commercial distribution of it .
For more details about how the icon evolved and other questions , check Alex Faaborg ’s Q&A on the subject .
Piratenpartei mit Gütesiegel für Datensparsamkeit ausgezeichnet
http://Musik.klarmachen-zum-Aendern.de
http://www.wirspeichernnicht.de/
Jetzt Ihre Pressemitteilung mit einem Klick auf openPR veröffentlichen
Die Piratenpartei hat das Webseiten - Gütesiegel für Datensparsamkeit " Wir speichern nicht ! " vom Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung erhalten .
Damit erfüllen die Piraten nun auch offiziell die Kriterien , die ihrem Grundsatz der Datensparsamkeit entsprechen .
Nach dem Umzug ihrer Internetpräsenz auf eine neue Hardware konnten die Piraten in den letzten Tagen alle notwendigen technischen Änderungen vollziehen , um die notwendigen Anforderungen für die Auszeichnung zu erfüllen .
" Wir haben das ' Wir speichern nicht ' - Siegel jetzt für die Webseite , das Forum , das Wiki und unsere Blog - Seiten erhalten " freut sich Martin Haug , Webmaster der Piratenpartei .
Gemeinsam mit den Mitgliedern des Arbeitskreises Vorratsdatenspeicherung hatte er die entsprechende Prüfung der nun vollständig IP - freien Log-Dateien durchgeführt .
Das vom Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung ausgestellte Siegel signalisiert , dass die Benutzung der Webseite nicht personenbezogen nachvollzogen werden kann .
Dies hat sowohl für den Besucher als auch für die Piratenpartei Vorteile : Der Besucher weiß auf einen Blick , dass weder die Piratenpartei noch staatliche Stellen im Nachhinein feststellen können , dass er auf der Seite war und was er dort gemacht hat .
Für die PIRATEN liegt der Vorteil darin , dass auch im Falle einer polizeilichen Massnahme die Aktivitäten ihrer Besucher geschützt bleiben .
So ist es möglich , sich frei und ohne das Gefühl , beobachtet zu werden , zu informieren und mit anderen im Forum zu diskutieren .
Diese Freiheit die durch das Telemediengesetz geschützt ist , wird im Alltag selten beachtet .
" Das Erlangen des Siegels war für uns ein wichtiger Schritt " erklärt Christian Hufgard .
Der Pirat aus Hessen betreibt bereits verschiedene Portale , die ebenfalls mit dem Gütesiegel ausgezeichnet wurden ( u.a. ) .
" Auch auf dem alten Server wurden nie personenbezogene Daten analysiert , dennoch war es für uns ein wichtiges Ziel , die strengen Kriterien von wir - speichern - nicht .
de zu erfüllen .
Nun sehen unsere Besucher auf einen Blick , dass der bewusste Umgang mit personenbezogenen Daten für uns selbstverständlich ist .
Besonders im Hinblick auf die Vorratsdatenspeicherung halten wir dies für ein wichtiges Signal und hoffen , dass sich noch weitere Webseitenbetreiber der Prüfung für das Siegel unterziehen .
Das Surfen im Web darf nicht unter permanentem Beobachtungsdruck stehen . " , betont Hufgard weiter .
Hintergrundinformationen über das Gütesiegel " Wir speichern nicht ! " werden auf den Seiten des Arbeitskreises Vorratsdatenspeicherung untererläutert .
Ralph HunderlachPiratenpartei DeutschlandPostfach 02 46 6910128 BerlinDie Piratenpartei Deutschland ( PIRATEN ) beschäftigt sich mit den entscheidenden Themen des 21 .
Jahrhunderts .
Das Recht auf Privatsphäre , eine gläserne Verwaltung , eine Modernisierung des Urheberrechtes , freies Wissen und freie Kommunikation sind die grundlegenden Ziele der PIRATEN .
Aktuell beträgt die Anzahl der Mitglieder 804 ( Stand : Mai 2008 )
Curing One Financial Disaster With a Worse One
‘ Committee to Save the World ’ Fails Twice !
It was 10 years ago this month that Time magazine gave us the Committee to Save the World :
Looking proud , confident … Alan Greenspan , Robert Rubin and Larry Summers proposed to save the world from the Asian debt crisis …
They should have left well enough alone .
Because of them , we now have a crisis that is far worse .
But the longer the rally goes on , the more people think it is permanent .
They think the crisis is over already .
Last week , the Dow took baby steps … but mostly up the stairs .
On Friday , the index rose another 28 points .
Oil held steady at $ 72 .
The dollar rose a little , to $ 1.39 per euro .
Gold was the big loser – down $ 21 , but still in the mid-$ 900 range .
When the baby finally gets to the top of the steps , the poor lil ’ fella will fall backwards … and bounce all the way to the bottom .
Why ?
C’mon , dear reader , you ’re not paying attention .
We have explained why many times .
But the more we explain it , the more it does n’t seem to be true .
Stocks should be going down ; but they ’re not .
And the more they do n’t , the more people think they never will .
Feelings change .
The naked fear of the crash period yields to a calmer , more ‘ reasonable ’ outlook … where people think ‘ this is n’t so bad ’… ‘ we can live with this ’… ‘ we ’ll muddle through ; we ’ll be all right . ’
Thus does a dangerous complacency take over .
Like the Donner Party , when the first snow flakes fell :
“ The mountains are so pretty when it snows , ” they said to each other .
And while they were admiring the view , the passes filled with drifts .
“ Six Flags ” is broke , says the news report from the weekend .
Las Vegas casinos are going broke too .
Foreclosures are still rising ; they ’re expected to top 3 million this year .
The unemployment rate in the US 9.4 % – officially ; it will be over 10 % by the end of the year .
Global trade is collapsing – with exports from all the major exporting nations down by double digits .
Exports are even going down in the US .
Remember how the dollar ’s decline was supposed to be a good thing , because it made US exports more competitive .
But with global trade declining , US manufacturers – along with everyone else – are finding it harder to sell on the world market .
Why all this bad news ?
Because , once a bubble has exploded , it ca n’t be reflated .
The feds can put out new money and credit – but it goes somewhere else .
What blew up in ’07 - ’08 was the bubble machine itself … the compressor that the Committee to Save the World built .
It pumped up property prices .
With rising property prices , consumers had so much credit that almost every investment seemed like a good one .
In China , they built factories to make geegaws …
In the US they built malls to sell them .
Americans would buy anything !
Naturally , many of the financial decisions from this period proved to be bad ones .
And now they ’re being sorted out .
Investments are being written down , written off … and good riddance !
Consumers are sorting out their own balance sheets too – cutting spending and paying down debt .
Until these things are sorted out , there will be no real boom on Wall Street .
Ray Dalio explained it to Barron ’s two months ago :
“ It is very clear to me that we are in a D - process … different than a recession …
Everybody should , at this point , try to understand the depression process by reading about the Great Depression or the Latin American debt crisis or the Japanese experience so that it becomes part of their frame of reference . “
The D - process is a long process .
It takes time to sort things .
Just imagine how long it takes to pay off debt…or it takes for GM to become a profitable business again …or how long it takes Six Flags to find a new business model .
These things do n’t happen overnight .
And while they are happening , people – who have no experience with the D - Process – think they see ‘ green shoots ’… or think another bull market is beginning … or think the feds have fixed the problems .
Time after time , they come back into the investment market … time after time they lose money .
And then , eventually , they make peace with the D - Process and put their affairs in order .
Then , and only then , can a new cycle begin .
The New York Times reports that Mr. Tim Geithner is defending the stimulus program wherever he goes .
The Washington Post reports that Larry Summers is doing the same thing .
Is n’t it interesting , dear reader ?
There were very few people who understood what was happening during the bubble years .
Neither Summers nor Geithner was among them .
Summers was one of the original members of Time magazine ’s ‘ Committee to Save the World . ’
Along with Alan Greenspan and Robert Rubin , Summers saved the world from the Asian debt crisis .
That was 10 years ago this month .
Of course , the three did n’t really save the world – they set it up for a much bigger catastrophe .
In the meantime , Summers went on to a disastrous interlude in academia .
Robert Rubin went to Citigroup , where he pushed the bank in the wrong direction – towards dangerous derivatives .
When the debt bombs blew up , Rubin was then pushed out of the firm .
And Alan Greenspan went on to manage the Fed in an almost unimaginably clumsy way – practically single - handedly bringing about the biggest bubble in world economic history .
But now , there ’s a new Committee to Save the World .
Summers is back .
And he ’s joined by Bernanke and Geithner .
What a great committee !
Innocents and insiders … who neither saw any evil , heard none , nor spoke none .
The three were deaf , dumb , and blind to the biggest bubble in all time .
But now they are taking the lead in fixing the problems they never saw .
How ?
With stimulus !
A $ 100 billion here .
A $ 100 billion there .
They ’ve put at risk an amount of money nearly three times as great as America ’s expenses in World War II .
They bail out a bank in North Carolina .
They take over an auto company in Detroit .
Hey , what about the casinos ?
Are n’t you going to bail them out too ?
What makes these three fellows think that this will make Americans richer ?
More prosperous ?
Or more secure ?
Has this sort of meddling ever actually made people better off ?
They should follow Ray Dalio ’s advice and read about similar crises in history .
Can you make those crises go away by spending trillions ?
If so , there ’s no evidence of it in the histories we read .
Not in the Great Depression .
Not in the Latin debt crisis .
Not in the Japanese experience .
And what about this time ?
The evidence we see tells us that the underlying economy is getting worse , not better .
In addition to the figures cited above , there are the inflation rates .
Inflation in America and Britain is coming down … to around 2 % .
In Europe it has already fallen into negative territory … with rates heading to minus 1 % .
Meanwhile , oil is over $ 70 this morning – 7 times higher than it was when Larry Summers , et al , saved the world the first time .
Gold is nearly 4 times higher .
In other words , the feds ’ easy money is not reaching the consumer and not stimulating the consumer economy .
Consumption is down … and with it , business earnings are down too .
“ Dow 1 million , ” says our old friend Jim Rogers .
The feds ’ phony money can stimulate speculation , he points out .
But it ca n’t stimulate real growth .
This second ‘ Committee to Save the World ’ is destined to end like the first one – in disgrace and disaster .
It will try to cure one disaster by creating a worse one .
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Warren Buffett says the economy is not recovering and we might need a second stimulus package to turn things around .
In other words , what we did before is n’t working , so let ’s do it again .
Insanity has sometimes been described as doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results .
When George W. Bush was elected , the federal budget was in surplus .
During the Bush administration federal expenditures increased by 46 % and he left office with a deficit of $ 459 billion .
If increasing government spending and running big budget deficits really stimulated the economy , by the end of the Bush administration we would have been in nirvana , not in the worst recession in a quarter of a century .
Government spending is a burden the rest of the economy has to carry .
The “ stimulus ” programs we already have will slow the recovery , and more “ stimulus ” will slow the recovery even more .
During normal times Congress is very good at spending money without the need for outside encouragement .
To encourage more spending now , when we are looking at annual deficits in excess of $ 1 trillion as far out as projections are made is just irresponsible .
And insane .
A fifth of Israeli exporters report drop in demand as footage of Gaza attacks changes behaviour of consumers and investors
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Israeli companies are feeling the impact of boycott moves in Europe , according to surveys , amid growing concern within the Israeli business sector over organised campaigns following the recent attack on Gaza .
Last week , the Israel Manufacturers Association reported that 21 % of 90 local exporters who were questioned had felt a drop in demand due to boycotts , mostly from the UK and Scandinavian countries .
Last month , a report from the Israel Export Institute reported that 10 % of 400 polled exporters received order cancellation notices this year , because of Israel 's assault on Gaza .
" There is no doubt that a red light has been switched on , " Dan Katrivas , head of the foreign trade department at the Israel Manufacturers Association , told Maariv newspaper this week .
" We are closely following what 's happening with exporters who are running into problems with boycotts . "
He added that in Britain there exists " a special problem regarding the export of agricultural produce from Israel " .
The problem , said Katrivas , is in part the discussion in the UK over how to label goods that come from Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank .
Last week British government officials met with food industry representatives to discuss the issue .
In recent months , the Israeli financial press has reported the impact of mounting calls to boycott goods from the Jewish state .
Writing in the daily finance paper , the Marker , economics journalist Nehemia Stressler berated then trade and industry minister Eli Yishai for telling the Israeli army to " destroy one hundred homes " in Gaza for every rocket fired into Israel .
The minister , wrote Stressler , did not understand " how much the operation in Gaza is hurting the economy " .
Stressler added : " The horrific images on TV and the statements of politicians in Europe and Turkey are changing the behaviour of consumers , businessmen and potential investors .
Many European consumers boycott Israeli products in practice . "
He quoted a pepper grower who spoke of " a concealed boycott of Israeli products in Europe " .
In February , another article in the Marker , titled " Now heads are lowered as we wait for the storm to blow over " , reported that Israelis with major business interests in Turkey hoped to remain anonymous to avoid arousing the attention of pro-boycott groups .
The paper said that , while trade difficulties with Turkey during the Gaza assault received more media attention , Britain was in reality of greater concern .
Gil Erez , Israel 's commercial attache in London , told the paper : " Organisations are bombarding [ British ] retailers with letters , asking that they remove Israeli merchandise from the shelves . "
Finance journalists have reported that Israeli hi-tech , food and agribusiness companies suffered adverse consequences following Israel 's three - week assault on Gaza , and called for government intervention to protect businesses from a growing boycott .
However , analysts stressed that the impact of a boycott on local exporters was difficult to discern amidst a global economic crisis and that such effects could be exaggerated .
" If there was something serious , I would have heard about it , " said Avi Tempkin , from Globes , the Israeli business daily .
Israeli companies are thought to be wary of giving credence to boycott efforts by talking openly about their effect , preferring to resolve problems through diplomatic channels .
Consumer boycotts in Europe have targeted food produce such as Israeli oranges , avocados and herbs , while in Turkey the focus has been on agribusiness products such as pesticides and fertilisers .
The bulk of Israeli export is in components , especially hi-tech products such as Intel chips and flashcards for mobile phones .
It is thought that the consumer goods targeted by boycott campaigns represent around 3 % to 5 % of the Israeli export economy .
Over the past fifteen years ,
federal legislation has required state governments to track convicted
sex offenders and — for better or for worse — many states have
followed up with restrictions on the places where these offenders may
live and work .
In light of the epidemic of anti-abortion violence that
has targeted reproductive health care providers over the past three
decades ( including 41 bombings and 173 arson attacks since 1977 ) ,
Congress should create a similar registry for individuals convicted of
politically - motivated felonies that target abortion clinics or abortion
providers .
The narrow purpose of such legislation would be to prevent a
small cadre of highly - dangerous individuals , all of whom have
previously demonstrated a disregard for both public safely and civil
discourse , from approaching either reproductive health clinics or their
employees .
Much as we do not permit convicted pedophiles to teach
kindergarten or convicted hijackers to board airplanes , common sense
dictates that individuals who have been imprisoned for plotting
violence against abortion clinics should never again be permitted
anywhere near such facilities .
The vast majority of abortion opponents in the United States have
always embraced non-violence .
However , this is not necessarily the case
with a small subset of hardcore anti-abortion activists who spend their
days — and often earn their livings — organizing protests outside
reproductive health clinics .
The American public was reminded of the
rather chilling attitudes and backgrounds of some of these extremists
in the aftermath of the recent assassination of Kansas physician George
Tiller , allegedly by " pro-life " activist Scott Roeder .
As was widely
reported in the media , Operation Rescue ’s senior policy analyst , Cheryl
Sullenger , kept Roeder apprised of Dr. Tiller ’s whereabouts — an
accusation she first denied and later admitted — and her phone number
was found on the dashboard of his car .
Sullenger was quoted in the
press as stating , " He would call and say , ‘ When does court start ?
When ’s the next hearing ? ’
I was polite enough to give him the
information .
I had no reason not to .
Who knew ?
Who knew , you know what
I mean ? "
Yet far less attention was paid to the details of Cheryl
Sullenger ’s previous conviction for conspiring to blow up a California
abortion clinic and her prior three - year prison sentence for supplying
the explosive powder for that bomb .
At the time of her guilty plea ,
Sullenger , who federal prosecutors described as being in the " upper
echelons of culpability , " had the audacity to tell the judge that she
was " trying to save lives . "
Such a woman has no business coming within
shouting distance of an abortion clinic ever again .
Sullenger is not alone .
Increasingly , individuals convicted of
violence against abortion clinics during the 1980s and 1990s are
reaching the ends of their prison sentences — and many , far from
pursuing other causes upon release , appear to be reinserting themselves
into the hardcore anti-abortion movement .
Unfortunately , keeping tabs
on these often unrepentant and dangerous individuals is highly
challenging , and the case of Sullenger demonstrates that organizations
like Operation Rescue cannot be trusted to turn them away .
One
promising solution would be sentences that included , as a condition for
parole or release , lifetime bans upon loitering around or approaching
abortion clinics .
However , a national registry might prove far more
manageable than the ad hoc imposition of such restrictions .
Needless to
say , these bans should be narrowly focused in order to allay First
Amendment concerns .
Those convicted of anti-abortion violence would
still be permitted to engage in most forms of meaningful and peaceful
civil dissent : writing to their legislators , protesting on the National
Mall , even serving as high - ranking officials in such organizations as
Operation Rescue .
They would simply not be allowed near clinics .
( A
judicial bypass provision could be incorporated if a registered
individual ever sought an abortion for herself or to accompany her
teenage daughter . )
In addition , much as local parents are currently
informed when a convicted sex offender moves into the neighborhood ,
local abortion providers ought to be notified when such an
anti-abortion convict settles in their community .
I have always believed that protests outside abortion clinics , rather
than embodying our nation ’s powerful tradition of free speech and
vigorous debate , actually undermine that legacy .
While shouting at
female patients during their most vulnerable moments may be a
Constitutionally protected right , doing so does not contribute to a
robust marketplace of ideas .
Nor does the legality of such
demonstrations make them any less distasteful .
Civil society would
benefit greatly if anti-abortion activists took their protests to state
capitals or to the steps of the United States Supreme Court instead .
( I
would find it equally distasteful if pro-choice activists chose to
commemorate Roe v. Wade outside St. Patrick ’s Cathedral on Easter
Sunday , but–at least to my knowledge — such displays rarely occur . )
While anti-abortion activists have a right to protest outside clinics ,
at least from beyond a safe buffer zone , that right is not absolute .
Nor should it be .
Attempting to kill or maim the occupants of a health
facility , or to burn these caregivers out of business , should be more
than enough grounds to permanently forfeit any right to protest nearby .
Of course , the number of individuals required to register would likely
be small .
That is no reason not to act .
Targeting an abortion clinic is
not merely a crime against a particular facility , after all , or even
against supporters of abortion rights , but is an act of terrorism that
threatens our very democracy .
Not even violent sex offenders can do
that .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
I am hopeful that , after reflection , both political supporters and
opponents of abortion rights would embrace such a registry .
Doing so
would lend convincing credence to the anti-abortion movement ’s claims
to nonviolence and would prevent dangerous ex-felons from infiltrating
its ranks .
Keeping these violent zealots away from abortion clinics
will not resolve our ongoing public debate over abortion .
However , such
a registry might improve the tenor of the public discourse .
If nothing
else , it will help reassure vulnerable women entering abortion clinics ,
and the physicians caring for them , that none of the protesters outside
the building has ever attempted to kill or injure someone like them
before .
Jatropha can provide a biofuel that may help improve jet performance while reducing CO2 emissions .
Image credit : Frank Vincentz via Wikimedia Commons
Recently , Air New Zealand ran a test flight of a jet plane fueled with a biofuel blend made with jatropha .
The results showed a fuel savings of 1.2 % , amounting to more than a ton of fuel over the course of a 12 - hour flight .
The CO2 emissions from the airplane were reduced by an even more impressive amount -- in excess of 60 % .
The flight is one that offers some evidence that perhaps it is feasible for airlines to adopt biofuels in order to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases .
Jatropha has been recognized recently as a viable alternative to many biofuels .
Gas 2.0 reports on the reasons that jatropha seems to show such promise :
" A second generation biofuel , jatropha is grown on land that does n't compete with food .
It requires almost no care and very little water .
Another major benefit of jatropha is that , due to its ability to take hold in harsh wastelands , it can be used to help stop erosion in these areas and reclaim them for agricultural production . "
Air New Zealand worked with Rolls - Royce , Boeing and Honeywell 's UOP to develop drop - in biofuel technology , which involves a commercial Boeing 747 carrying a Rolls Royce engine .
The fuel used is a blend of standard jet fuel and kerosene derived from jatropha oil .
Of course , the main concern is cost .
With oil prices so low right now , jet fuel is relatively inexpensive .
The cost - efficiency of the process of producing the biofuel is not as competitive as it could be .
However , if oil prices rise again in the future , such biofuels may become more desirable from a cost standpoint -- as they already are from an environmental standpoint .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
Defying many predictions , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad held a commanding lead in the presidential vote count early Saturday , election officials with Iran 's Interior Ministry said .
Men choose their candidates before voting Friday at a mosque in Tehran , Iran .
more photos »
With 72 percent of ballot boxes counted , Ahmedinejad had 65.7 percent of the vote while his chief rival Mir Hossein Moussavi had 31.4 percent , election officials said .
Moussavi , widely regarded as a reformist , had been expected to do well as his campaign caught fire in recent days , triggering massive street rallies in Tehran .
An " unprecedented " voter turnout at the polls Friday was also expected to boost Moussavi 's chances of winning the presidency .
Iran 's Interior Minister Seyed Sadeq Mahsouli said 70 percent of 46 million eligible voters had gone to the polls Friday , according to Fars , another semi-official news agency .
Both candidates claimed victory .
Moussavi's camp accused the Iranian establishment of manipulating the vote .
Watch why each side is claiming victory »
Voting was supposed to end after 10 hours , but because of the massive turnout , officials initially said polling stations would remain open until everyone in line had a chance to vote .
However , Moussavi alleged that doors were being closed with people still waiting outside .
Some private news agencies reported many Iranians were milling about on the streets late into the night .
Mehr reported that the chief of police declared public gatherings of candidate supporters illegal .
Earlier in the day , voters crowded the steps of one polling place in Tehran , some waiting more than three hours underneath the hot sun to cast their ballots .
Some were lining up even before the polls opened at 8 a.m .
Moussavi is the main challenger among three candidates vying to replace Ahmadinejad .
The other candidates are former parliament speaker and reformist Mehdi Karrubi , and Mohsen Rezaie , the former head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards .
Mehr reported Rezaie had 1.72 percent of the vote and Karrubi had 0.87 percent .
If no single candidate reaches a simple majority -- 50 percent plus one vote -- a runoff election will be held on Friday , June 19 .
It was unclear where the ballots that had been counted so far had been cast .
Ahmadinejad still has staunch support in Iran 's rural areas , but has been blamed for much of Iran 's economic turmoil over the last four years .
If he loses , it would be the first time a sitting Iranian president has not won re-election to a second term in office .
Fawaz Gerges , an academic and author who studies the region , said Friday 's vote is really " a referendum on Ahmadinejad , " who has been in office since 2005 .
" The unemployment rate is 30 percent ... the largest in the third world , inflation is [ in the ] double digits in Iran , " Gerges told CNN 's " American Morning . "
" We focus in the United States a great deal on his inflammatory rhetoric on the Holocaust , on nuclear weapons .
We tend to forget that Ahmadinejad has basically done a great deal of damage to the Iranian economy , on social policy . "
While Moussavi 's campaign has energized key segments of Iranian voters -- particularly women -- Gerges noted that " Iranians have surprised us many times . "
Moussavi 's supporters crowded the streets of Tehran this week , wearing the candidate 's trademark color green .
His campaign has also energized Iran 's youth , many of whom did not take part in the 2005 election .
Yasmin , a 21 - year - old university student , said she cast her ballot on Friday for Moussavi .
CNN 's Christiane Amanpour reports emotions on the street »
" I 've never even been interested in the politics of my country until today .
It was my first time voting , and I am so excited about it , " she said .
" We are all yearning for change , and I believe Moussavi will bring much more freedom to Iran and our lives .
That is why I cast my ballot for him .
There is so much anticipation in the air . "
Moussavi 's supporters hope that he follows in the same footsteps as Mohammed Khatami , a reformist candidate who overwhelmingly won the presidency in 1997 , raising hopes that the reformist movement would bring religious and democratic freedoms to the Islamic republic .
But the real power in Iran rests in the hands of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
By the time Khatami left office in 2005 , he was unable to make major changes because of the opposition of hard - line elements in Iran 's clerical establishment .
" The elected president is not the commander in chief , he does not make decisions of war and peace , " Gerges noted .
" The major decision maker [ in Iran ] is the unelected supreme leader , that is Ali Khamenei , along with a National Security Council . "
But Gerges noted that the " the style of the president " and his " posture " have a great deal of influence on Iran 's relations with other countries , particularly the United States .
Watch CNN review the unprecedented online presence of candidates »
No matter who wins Friday 's vote , analysts say it is unlikely any of the candidates would change Iran 's position on its nuclear program , which the Islamic republic insists is for civilian purposes but the United States and other Western powers believe may be a cover for a weapons program .
Iranian - American analyst and scholar Reza Aslan said that while Moussavi is " a little bit more of a moderate when it comes to the nuclear issue ... all four candidates agreement with Iran 's right to develop nuclear . "
Nevertheless , Aslan said that all four candidates also " recognize it 's time to open up to America and to the international community because there 's no other option with regard to the economy . "
CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Samson Desta and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .
All About Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
Okay , so PETA wants to call fish ' sea kittens ' .
Fair enough .
That being the case , I 'd like to change the following names of animals : • Cows == > Pandas of the plain• Chickens ==> Farm puppies • Squirrels == >
Trouser monkeys • Lamb == > LambFurthermore , I would be happy to call fish " sea kittens " so long as it is legal to eat real kittens .
As an aside , does this mean we should put regular kittens underwater with their sea kitten cousins ?
And does anyone wrap raw seakittens with rice and seaweed and a little bit of wasabi ?
Why does n’t PETA care about the senseless slaughter millions of defenseless plants , fruits , and vegetables every year ?
Does PETA know that a cat can not in any way survive on a vegetarian diet ?
Is a sea kitten a baby catfish ?
Ooh …. someone pass the lemon - pepper shaker .
I love kittens …. with a nice wine sauce .
Not only do I enjoy “ sea kittens ” , but I have probably unknowlingly enjoyed a few “ land kittens ” , from the local Oriental restaurant as well .
I think I ’ll make sea kitten sticks for lunch today .
Pasture puppies : Steak .
Maybe we should rename rats ' tube puppies ' .
Think how much nicer the NYC subways would be !
You mean there arekittens too ?
Sounds delicious !
Now I want to go to Captain D’s or Long John Silvers and have a Sea Kitten Platter ; it comes with Sea Puppies ( shrimp ) !
The White House has released few details about replicating the Harlem Children 's Zone beyond saying that it will be part of Obama 's budget proposal next year .
On the campaign trail , Obama said that rolling out the program would be among his first major steps to combat poverty .
Obama estimated the program could cost a few billion dollars a year to run in 20 cities ; the federal government would pay half the expenses , he said , while cities , philanthropists , or businesses would cover the rest .
" When you have a period of high anxiety , you have a chance to get people to collaborate when they otherwise may not , " Jones said .
The flagging economy , which has led to a decline in donations , has fostered a willingness among nonprofits to work together to address common goals .
He noted that local nonprofits have been talking for years about visiting the Harlem Children 's zone , but only organized recently .
" It 's time for Boston to think differently about how to deliver programs to these really distressed neighborhoods , " said Jones , who will be blogging from today 's tour as part of his effort to generate local interest .
" If the Harlem Children 's Zone or something like it is a good idea for Boston to do , we ought to get ready for it or we will be passed over by the Obama administration . "
Today , a group of Boston nonprofit leaders - led by City Year 's Hubie Jones - will be touring the zone , as they launch a campaign to make the city one of Obama 's chosen sites .
Obama is calling his endeavor " Promise Neighborhoods , " a nod to the program 's success in boosting student achievement and reducing hospitalization rates for children with asthma , among other feats .
At its core , the more - than - decade - old program , which encompasses 97 city blocks , is at once simple and complex .
It takes existing disparate social service programs commonly available to families , and brings them together in an attempt to improve the well - being of children in their homes and neighborhoods - a key element often missing in overhaul of public education .
If children are not well fed , well rested , or in good health , they face immense odds of succeeding in school .
The children are part of a surprisingly successful large - scale urban experiment known as Harlem 's Children Zone , a collection of programs that President Obama is looking to replicate across the US and that Boston activists are eager to bring to a poverty - stricken corridor that slices through the heart of the city .
From there , many of the children enter a free preschool program , where they learn their ABCs and 123s , not just in English but in Spanish and French .
Schools are not just for learning , but a place where children can get their teeth cleaned , eat organic fruits rather than processed foods , and receive treatment for asthma , which is common in their neighborhood .
NEW YORK -
The effort to help children in this one large swath of Harlem begins even before they are born , as street workers walk door to door , encouraging pregnant young women to attend a free crash course on parenting .
Jones and about a dozen other nonprofit leaders are looking to bring this intensive support network to an area that would encompass much of Roxbury Crossing , Grove Hall , and Uphams Corner , as well as many small neighborhoods in and around Blue Hill Avenue , as it runs from Roxbury through Dorchester to Mattapan .
The corridor is home to a large concentration of the city 's roughly 110,000 children , but the neighborhoods are plagued with the kinds of obstacles that could hamper or block their success in school or later in life .
Day after day , these children must contend with poverty , violent crimes , unemployment , housing foreclosures , and abandoned properties , according to research conducted by a Tufts University professor for the local nonprofits .
The children also run greater risks of premature death as newborns or toddlers , or being diagnosed with asthma or elevated levels of toxins in their blood stream because of exposure to lead paint , poor air quality , or other unhealthy environmental conditions , the research showed .
" We can call this a children 's zone in Boston , but it 's not a good children 's zone when you look at the number of children dealing with a whole range of health issues and other obstacles , " said James Jennings , a professor of urban and environmental policy and planning at Tufts University , who developed the proposed service area in Boston after examining reams of data .
Jones and other nonprofit leaders have not yet decided whether operating such a program here would require establishing a new nonprofit or a coordinated board of directors among existing nonprofits .
It is also not yet clear how much such an effort would cost or whether it could cultivate the necessary private support .
Charitable giving supports about 70 percent of Children 's Zone 's $ 64 million budget , with the rest covered by state and federal dollars .
A recent decline in donations has led to layoffs at the program and a delay in expansion plans .
In Tuesday afternoon 's sweltering heat , hundreds of teenagers poured into after - school programs in schools , a church building , and other locations across Harlem , where they took karate , studied for state standardized tests , worked on college searches , and learned to shoot videos for an upcoming documentary .
" It keeps you safe and off the streets , " said Kristine Lyon , 14 , a ninth - grader at a local high school , who was putting together a teen - oriented magazine .
" Most kids do n't know what to do with themselves .
It 's a good place to meet people . "
The Children 's Zone operates two charter schools , which have been the sites of some its greatest successes , with students scoring high on state standardized tests .
The nonprofit did not set out to run its own schools , but earlier this decade took take advantage of a favorable climate among city and state leaders for opening charter schools , explained Marty Lipp , the organization 's spokesman .
" Kids in Harlem were n't doing well in local schools , " Lipp said .
" They essentially were failing . "
The program , however , has not turned its back on the city - run schools , dispatching volunteers to help out teachers .
Boston leaders have not yet decided whether they would run their own charter schools or just work with several public schools already operating in the zone .
Boston has almost reached the maximum number of charter schools allowed by the state .
Paul Reville , the state 's secretary of education , said in an interview that the administration is eager to bring a children 's zone to Massachusetts .
Governor Deval Patrick 's proposal to overhaul public education , now stalled by the economy , emphasizes coordination with social service programs from cradle to college .
" It tests the assumption that if you could create a network of middle - class supports for poor people you will get comparable results , " Reville said .
" The preliminary results are very promising . "
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
NEW YORK - Anti-abortion leaders are deeply worried that the Obama administration and other Democrats may try to capitalize on the slaying of Dr. George Tiller to defuse the abortion issue in upcoming Supreme Court confirmation hearings .
Many anti-abortion groups condemned the killing of Tiller , a prominent abortion provider in Kansas .
But they expressed concern that abortion - rights activists would use the occasion to brand the entire anti-abortion movement as extremist .
They also worried that there would be an effort to stifle anti-abortion viewpoints during questioning of Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor .
Her exact views on abortion are n't known , but conservatives fear she supports abortion rights .
Said the Rev. Patrick Mahoney , an anti-abortion activist : " No one should use this tragedy for political gain . "
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
According to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales , we only have 96 months left to save the planet .
I ’m impressed . 96 months .
Not 95 .
Not 97 .
July 2017 .
Put it in your diary .
Usually the warm - mongers stick to the same old drone that we only have 10 years left to save the planet .
Nice round number .
Former Vice President Al Gore said we only have 10 years left 3 1/2 years ago , which makes him technically more of a pessimist than the Prince of Wales .
Al ’s betting Armageddon kicks in January 2016 — unless he ’s just peddling glib generalities .
Alas , even a prophet of the ecopalypse as precise as His Royal Highness is sometimes prone to this airy - fairy 10 - year shtick :
In April , Prince Charles predicted that the red squirrel would be extinct “ within 10 years , ” which suggests that , while it may be curtains for man and all his wretched works come summer 2017 , the poor doomed red squirrel will have the best part of two years to frolic and gambol on a ruined landscape .
So , unless you ’re a squirrel , do n’t start any long books in 95 months ’ time , because time is running out !
“ Time is running out to deal with climate change , ” Steven Guilbeault of Greenpeace said in 2006 .
“ Ten years ago , we thought we had a lot of time . ”
Really ?
Ten years ago , we had a lot of time ?
Funny , that ’s not the way I remember it .
( “ Time is running out for the climate , ” said Chris Rose of Greenpeace in 1997 . )
So what ’s to blame for this eternally looming rendezvous with the iceberg of apocalypse ?
As the British newspaper the Independent reported :
“ Capitalism and consumerism have brought the world to the brink of economic and environmental collapse , the Prince of Wales has warned . …
And in a searing indictment on capitalist society , Charles said we can no longer afford consumerism and that the ‘ age of convenience ’ was over . ”
He then got in his limo and was driven to his other palace .
It takes a prince — heir to the thrones of Britain and Canada and Australia , Jamaica , Papua New Guinea and a bunch of other places — to tell it like it is :
You pampered consumerists are ruining the joint .
In the old days , we did n’t have these kinds of problems .
But then Mr. and Mrs. Peasant started remodeling the hovel , adding a rec room and indoor plumbing , replacing the emaciated old nag with a Honda Civic and driving to the mall in it .
Next thing you know , instead of just having an extra yard of mead every Boxing Day at the local tavern and adding a couple more pustules to the escutcheon with the local trollop , they begin taking vacations in Florida .
When it was just medieval dukes swanking about like that , the planet worked fine .
That was “ sustainable ” consumerism .
But now the masses want in .
Once you allow that , there goes the global neighborhood .
By contrast , as an example of an exemplary environmentalist , the prince hailed his forebear , King Henry VIII .
True , he had a lot of wives , but he did dramatically reduce Anne Boleyn ’s carbon footprint .
I always enjoy it when the mask slips and the warm - mongers explicitly demand that we adopt a massive poverty expansion program to save the planet .
“ I do n’t think a lot of electricity is a good thing , ” said Gar Smith of San Francisco ’s Earth Island Institute a few years back .
“ I have seen villages in Africa that had vibrant culture and great communities that were disrupted and destroyed by the introduction of electricity . ”
He regretted that African peasants “ who used to spend their days and evenings in the streets playing music on their own instruments and sewing clothing for their neighbors on foot - pedal - powered sewing machines ” are slumped in front of “ Desperate Housewives ” reruns all day .
One assumes Mr. Smith is sincere in his fetishization of bucolic African poverty with its vibrantly rampant disease and charmingly unspoiled life expectancy in the mid-40s .
However , when a hereditary prince starts attacking capitalism and pining for the days when a benign sovereign knew what was best for the masses , he gives the real game away .
Capitalism is liberating :
You ’re born a peasant , but you do n’t have to die one .
You can work hard and get a nice place in the suburbs .
If you were a 19th - century Russian peasant and you got to Ellis Island , you would be living in a tenement on the Lower East Side , but your kids would get an education and move uptown , and your grandkids would be doctors and accountants in Westchester County .
Then your great - grandchild would be a Harvard - educated environmental activist demanding an end to all this electricity and all these indoor toilets .
Environmentalism opposes that kind of mobility .
It seeks to return us to the age of kings , when the masses were restrained by a privileged elite .
Sometimes they will be hereditary monarchs , such as the Prince of Wales .
Sometimes they will be merely the gilded princelings of the government apparatus — President Obama ; Rep. Barney Frank and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
In the old days , they were endowed with absolute authority by God .
Today , they ’re endowed by Mother Nature , empowered by Gaia to act on her behalf .
But the object remains control — to constrain you in a million ways , most of which would never have occurred to Henry VIII , who , unlike the new “ cap - and - trade ” bill , was entirely indifferent as to whether your hovel was “ energy - efficient . ”
The old rationale for absolute monarchy — divine right — is a tough sell in a democratic age .
But the new rationale — Gaia ’s right — has proved surprisingly plausible .
Beginning with President Franklin D. Roosevelt , wily statists justified the massive expansion of federal power under ever - more - elastic definitions of the commerce clause .
For Obama - era control freaks , the environment and health care are the commerce clause supersized .
They establish the pretext for the regulation of everything :
If the government is obligated to cure you of illness , it has an interest in preventing you from getting ill in the first place — by regulating what you eat , how you live , the choices you make from the moment you get up in the morning .
Likewise , if everything you do impacts the environment , the environment becomes an all - purpose umbrella for regulating everything you do .
It ’s the most convenient and romantic justification for what the title of Paul Rahe ’s new book rightly identifies as “ soft despotism . ”
The good news is that at last week ’s Group of Eight summit of leading industrial nations , America ’s allies would commit only to the fuzziest and most meaningless of environmental goals .
Europe has been hit far harder by the economic downturn .
When your unemployment rate is 17 percent ( as in Spain ) , “ unsustainable growth ” is no longer your most pressing problem .
The environmental cult is itself a product of what the prince calls the “ Age of Convenience ” :
It ’s what you worry about when you do n’t have to worry about jobs or falling house prices or collapsed retirement accounts .
Today , as European prime ministers are beginning to figure out , a strategic goal of making things worse when they ’re already worse is a much tougher sell .
Mark Steyn is the author of the New York Times best - seller “ America Alone . ”
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Microsoft has long claimed that they are Opensource - friendly .
Though there “ Official ” contribution has always been scanty , a lot of Microsoft employees had been contributing in bulk under the hood .
As per the latest story coming in , Microsoft has released three Microsoft - developed Linux drivers to the Linux community for possible inclusion in the Linux source control .
This is the first time Microsoft has made Microsoft - developed code available directly to the Linux community .
Microsoft made the Linux driver announcement yesterday , on July 20th , at the eve of the O’Reilly OSCON 2009 OpenSource Conference .
On this , Microsoft ’s COO says ,
“ Microsoft has competed really well against “ the fraudulent perception of free ” that is at the core of many Linux vendors ’ sales pitches .
Not all of Microsoft management is onboard with this newfangled licensing world .. ”
Microsoft is declaring today ’s release of 20 k lines of code as a part of Redmond ’s commitment to improving the integration of Windows and Linux .
It has been released under the GNU General Public License v2 licensing agreement .
The question is Why not GPL v3 ?
I guess that ’s secondary , we ’re happy to see Microsoft joining the race .
Today , Microsoft becomes one of several companies who had been contributing code to the central Linux kernel committee .
Last year , the Linux Foundation had nearly 1,000 developers “ Representing well over 100 corporations , contributing pieces of code that were part of the kernel . ”
Currently , the Top 5 Contributors to the Linux core are Red Hat , Intel , Novell , IBM and Oracle .
Linux vs. Windows Drivers
Unlike Windows , Linux drivers are considered part of the operating - system kernel .
The Linux Foundation explains :
“ The Linux model is that IHVs ( independent hardware vendors ) get the source code for their driver accepted into the mainline kernel … .
Having hardware reliably supported by Linux requires this .
It ’s unclear whether Microsoft ’s drivers , though submitted by a software vendor , and not an IHV , will be subject to the same process for approval . ”
The Linux Driver Project lead is Greg Kroah - Hartman a programmer with Novell .
Ironically , Microsoft has a three - year - old and rather controversial patent / interoperability relationship with Novell .
Microsoft ’s Linux drivers were developed largely by members of Microsoft ’s Open Source Technology Center ( OSTC ) team , which has developed expertise in Linux , Unix and open - source technologies .
Tom Hanrahan , the head of the OSTC , explains the purpose of the drivers :
“ Our initial goal in developing the ( Linux driver ) code was to enable Linux to run as a virtual machine on top of Hyper - V , Microsoft ’s hypervisor and implementation of virtualization .
“ The Linux device drivers we are releasing are designed so Linux can run in enlightened mode , giving it the same optimized synthetic devices as a Windows virtual machine running on top of Hyper - V .
Without this driver code , Linux can run on top of Windows , but without the same high performance levels .
We worked very closely with the Hyper - V team at Microsoft to make that happen . ”
“ Customers have told us that they would like to standardize on one virtualization platform , and the Linux device drivers will help customers who are running Linux to consolidate their Linux and Windows servers on a single virtualization platform , thereby reducing the complexity of their infrastructure . ”
Is today ’s announcement more than just Microsoft touching the surface in the GPL Ocean ?
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Last night at midnight , Quirk Books announced a followup to its surprise hit " Pride & Prejudice and Zombies . "
The name ?
" Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters , " of course .
The novel will go on sale Sept. 15 and is written by Ben H. Winters ( " P& P&Z " author Seth Grahame Smith is currently at work on " Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter " for Grand Central ) .
Quirk editor ( and franchise creator ) Jason Rekulak tells EW that he " just thought it would be really funny to desecrate a classic work of literature ” and that he wanted to differentiate his books from the " one - millionth vampire novel that ’s going to be published this year . ” ...
Congress currently responds to lobbyist because we have not mounted an effective assault on the issues .
So what must we do in order to maintain Americans confidence in the effectiveness of a public option and to ensure that the Congress and Senate effect a public option in the legislation ?
We must act in mass , we must act often , and we must act now .
See informational and contact links below .
Some 3.9 billion years ago , a shift in the orbit of the Sun ’s outer planets sent a surge of large comets and asteroids careening into the inner solar system .
Their violent impacts gouged out the large craters still visible on the Moon ’s face , heated Earth ’s surface into molten rock and boiled off its oceans into an incandescent mist .
Yet rocks that formed on Earth 3.8 billion years ago , almost as soon as the bombardment had stopped , contain possible evidence of biological processes .
If life can arise from inorganic matter so quickly and easily , why is it not abundant in the solar system and beyond ?
If biology is an inherent property of matter , why have chemists so far been unable to reconstruct life , or anything close to it , in the laboratory ?
The origins of life on Earth bristle with puzzle and paradox .
Which came first , the proteins of living cells or the genetic information that makes them ?
How could the metabolism of living things get started without an enclosing membrane to keep all the necessary chemicals together ?
But if life started inside a cell membrane , how did the necessary nutrients get in ?
The questions may seem moot , since life did start somehow .
But for the small group of researchers who insist on learning exactly how it started , frustration has abounded .
Many once - promising leads have led only to years of wasted effort .
Scientists as eminent as Francis Crick , the chief theorist of molecular biology , have quietly suggested that life may have formed elsewhere before seeding the planet , so hard does it seem to find a plausible explanation for its emergence on Earth .
Citation : Searls DB ( 2009 ) Ten Simple Rules for Choosing between Industry and Academia .
PLoS Comput Biol 5 ( 6 ) : e1000388 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000388
Published : June 26 , 2009 Copyright : © 2009 David B. Searls .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
The author received no specific funding for this article .
Competing interests :
The author has declared that no competing interests exist .
One of the most significant decisions we face as scientists comes at the end of our formal education .
Choosing between industry and academia is easy for some , incredibly fraught for others .
The author has made two complete cycles between these career destinations , including on the one hand 16 years in academia , as grad student ( twice , in biology and in computer science ) , post - doc , and faculty , and on the other hand 19 years in two different industries ( computer and pharmaceutical ) .
The following rules reflect that experience , and my own opinions .
Rule 1 : Assess Your Qualifications
If you are a freshly minted Ph.D. , you know that you will need a good post - doc or two before you can be seriously considered for a junior faculty position .
If you 're impatient , you might be thinking of industry as a way to short - circuit that long haul .
You should be aware that companies will strongly consider your post - doctoral experience ( or lack thereof ) in determining your starting position and salary .
While you may not relish extending your indentured servitude in academia , any disadvantage , financial and otherwise , can quickly be made up in the early years of your career in industry .
In other words , trying to get off the mark quickly is not necessarily a good reason to choose industry over academia .
On the other hand , you may have completed an undergraduate or Master 's program with a view to going to industry all along , with never a thought of an academic career .
You should still consider the point of the previous paragraph .
While abbreviated “ practical ” bioinformatics training programs can be excellent , a Ph.D. is a significant advantage in all but the most IT - oriented positions in industry , at least at the outset .
This is not to discourage anyone from embarking on a fast - track - to - industry program if their heart is in it , but be aware that the further you climb the educational ladder , the higher and faster you can start when you step across to the business ladder , and the better you will compete for a job in the first place .
The days are long past when bioinformaticists were in such short supply that any qualification would do .
If you are an old hand and have already notched up a post - doc or two , take stock of your star power .
This unspoken but universally understood metric encompasses such factors as whom you 've trained with , where you 've published ( and how much ) , and what recent results of yours are on everyone 's lips .
If you are fortunate enough to have significant capital in this department , then the world may be your oyster , but you still need to consider where you will get the greatest leverage .
While your stardom may be less taken for granted in industry , my feeling is that academia is a better near - term choice in such circumstances .
Consider that it was in academia that you achieved the success you own thus far , so you obviously “ get it . ”
The simple fact is that academia is rather more of a star system ( as in Hollywood ) than is industry .
Finally , if you count among your qualifications a stint in industry already , as an intern or perhaps as part of a collaboration , you will not only be in a better position to compete for a permanent job , but you will be much better prepared to make the decision facing you .
Stated another way , if you are seriously considering industry as a career path , you should probably have already taken advantage of the many opportunities out there to dip your toes in the water .
Rule 2 : Assess Your Needs
In taking stock of your needs , and perhaps those of your family , a decent living is generally at or near the top of the list .
Salaries are still higher in industry , though the gap is not nearly so wide as it once was .
If you need a quick infusion of cash , companies may offer signing bonuses , though again these were more common when bioinformatics was a rarer commodity .
Industry offers forms of compensation unavailable in academia , and you will need to consider how to value them relative to your present and future needs .
Despite recent bad press , bonus systems are often part of the equation , and depending on your entry point they may constitute a significant percentage of total compensation .
There is a tendency among academics to discount bonus programs in their comparison shopping , sometimes to zero , and this is a mistake .
Bonuses are considered core aspects of compensation in most companies , and though they always have a performance - based multiplier , the base levels have historically been fairly dependable .
That said , these are tough times in industry , and there are no guarantees .
Your best strategy is to understand the reward system thoroughly , ask for historical data , and avoid comparing only base salaries unless you are extraordinarily risk - averse .
Share options are another matter .
While in the past these were very attractive , and fruitful in practice , most industry types will tell you frankly that any options they 've received in the past decade are deep underwater and a deep disappointment .
Many consider pharma shares ( and therefore options ) to be a bargain at the moment , but that 's between you and your financial adviser to assess .
In any case , it is not a short - term consideration , since options typically take several years to vest .
If you are looking at biotech , however , share options and similar ownership schemes need to be a key consideration , since these are a major rationale for assuming risk — more on that below .
Finally , you may have more specific needs to consider , such as a spouse also in need of a job .
The two - body problem has always been tougher in academia than in industry , and probably always will be .
If you are both academics , note that industry often has good contacts with local universities , and can facilitate interviews .
Being a star certainly helps , so do n't be afraid to negotiate .
In fact , a general rule of thumb is that it never hurts to make your specific needs known , within reason .
Academia will try to accommodate them as a community , while on the other hand business ( particularly large , diversified companies ) may have resources to address them that you would n't have expected .
Nobody wants to hear a peremptory demand , but if a company wants you , be sure to let them know anything that might offer them a way to attract you .
Rule 3 : Assess Your Desires
There are needs , and then there are desires .
Do you want riches ?
Fame ?
A life at the frontiers of knowledge ?
The hurly - burly of the business world ?
How do you really feel about teaching , publishing , managing , interacting , traveling , negotiating , collaborating , presenting , reporting , reviewing , fundraising , deal - making , and on and on ?
Though it may seem obvious , this is a good time to decide what really drives you .
First , the obvious .
Do you want to teach ?
If lecturing is in your blood , your decision is made , although if a smattering will suffice you may have the option from within industry of an adjunct academic appointment .
( By the same token , if you are not so enchanted with lecturing , grading , tutoring , etc. , there are often options for research track professorships that minimize teaching duties . )
Do you want to publish ?
While it will always be “ publish or perish ” in academia , it is certainly possible to grow your CV in industry , and it can even enhance your career , depending on the company .
However , it might be largely on your own time , and you will likely encounter restrictions in proprietary matters , though in practice you can generally find ways to work within them .
Ask about publication at the interview , both policies and attitudes , and watch out for any defensiveness .
An important question , surprisingly often overlooked , is how you want to actually spend your time , day by day and hour by hour .
In academia , you will immediately be plunged into hands - on science , and your drivers will be to start out on your career by getting results , publishing , networking , and building your reputation with a view to impressing your tenure committee .
A career in industry may put more of an early emphasis on your organizational aptitude , people skills , powers of persuasion , ability to strategize and execute to plan , etc. ; in terms of growing your reputation , your audience will be the rather narrower community of your immediate management .
A somewhat more cynical view would be that in business you will spend seemingly endless hours in meetings and writing plans and reports , while in academia you will spend all that time and more in grantsmanship — in this regard , you must pick your poison .
Finally there is the elephant - in - the - room question :
Do you want to make money , or to help people ?
This is , of course , a false dichotomy , but many people consciously or unconsciously frame the decision in just this way , and you had best deal with it .
Try thinking of it not so much in terms of the profit motives of the respective institutions , but in terms of the people with whom you would spend your career .
You should have encountered a good sampling of scientists from industry during meetings , internships , collaborations , interviews , etc . ( or in any case you should certainly try to do so before making judgments ) .
If you are left in any doubt as to their ethics or sincere desire to relieve human suffering as efficiently as possible , or if you feel these are somehow trumped by the corporate milieu , then by all means choose academia — but only after applying analogous tests to the academics you already know well .
In my experience , business does n't have a monopoly on greed , nor are humanitarian impulses restricted to academia .
That said , in the final analysis you must be comfortable with your role in the social order and not finesse the question .
Rule 4 : Assess Your Personality
Not surprisingly , some personality types are better - suited to one environment or the other .
Raw ambition can be viewed as unseemly in either case , but there is more latitude for it in industry , and greater likelihood of being recognized and rewarded sooner if you are “ on the go . ”
In fact , one of the clearest differences between academia and industry are their respective time constants .
Although the pace of academia may have quickened of late , it is still stately by comparison with industry , and much more scheduled ( so many years to tenure , so many months to a funding decision , etc. ) .
If you are impatient , industry offers relatively fast - paced decision - making and constant change .
If you thrive more under structured expectations , academia would be better for you , for although industry has all the trappings of long - range strategies and career planning , the highly reactive environment means these are more honored in the breach .
For one thing , reorganizations are common , and in the extreme case mergers ( I have experienced two ) can reset everything , for good or ill , and devour many months .
This is not to say that all is chaos — industry certainly favors a goal - directed personality , but with plenty of flexibility .
On the other hand , flexibility is more the hallmark of academic research , where you will have the opportunity to follow wherever the science leads , once you are running your own shop .
In industry , the flexibility is more of the conforming sort , since you wo n't be able to investigate every promising lead and change your research direction at will .
In academia , diverging from the Specific Aims of a grant may be a problem when the time comes to renew , but the risk is yours , as is the reward .
In industry , you can make the case for a new program of research , but the decision is management 's and will be guided by business considerations .
The “ lone wolf ” or “ one - person band ” may be increasingly rare in academia in an age of collaboration , but it is unheard of in industry , where being able to work in teams with specialized division of labor is essential .
It should be apparent , as well , that mavericks and quirky personalities tend to do better in academia .
The pecking order in industry is deeper and more pyramidal than in academia , and you might end up languishing in a pay grade ( or feel like you are ) , but there are usually plenty of opportunities for lateral moves and a variety of experiences — not to mention that it 's easier to switch companies than colleges .
In industry , one does need to be able to thrive in a hierarchy ; you will always answer to someone , though the degree to which you are monitored will vary .
By the same token , if your personality is such that climbing a management ladder and assuming steadily greater responsibility suits you , industry is built for that , and plenty of management training is on offer in larger companies .
Learning to manage is much more hit - or - miss in academia ; opportunities to lead large organizations are rare ( and to manage them actively rather than by consensus , rarer still ) .
If your personality type is that of a risk - taker , biotechs and / or startups may fit you to a tee .
These are the wild and wooly end of the industry spectrum , and the risks and rewards are well - known .
You will work longer hours than in large pharma , and maybe even more than in academia .
You will most likely share more in ownership , and learn entrepreneurial skills that will serve you well , once the bug has bitten .
Bear in mind the very common pattern of faculty spinning off startups or otherwise participating in boards and the like , not to mention staking out intellectual property ( shared with their university ) ; thus , you may well be able to scratch this itch from the vantage of academia as well .
A final word about politics .
Whether you are an enthusiastically political animal , or abhor this aspect of the human condition , you will encounter plenty of politics in both academia and industry .
The flavors differ , to be sure .
As a student you doubtless heard the clichés about tedious academic committees and underhanded deans , but you have probably had more exposure to the realities behind those stories than the corresponding ones about the dog - eat - dog corporate world .
Company politics , I would hazard to say , are more transparent — the maneuvering more open and the motives more apparent .
The results are often more life - altering , unbuffered by tenure and academic convention .
Again , it is a matter of taste , but in my opinion the differences are overblown , for the simple reason that people are the same everywhere , in both environments governed by an underlying sense of fair play , but also occasional opportunism .
Rule 5 : Consider the Alternatives
As I 've suggested , the choice you face is far more fine - grained than simply that between industry and academia .
Industry is a spectrum , from large pharma to mature biotech to startup .
By the same token , the academic side has at one extreme the research powerhouses , where you will be judged by volume of grants , and at the other the teaching institutions , which may not even have graduate departments .
Unless you are very sure of yourself , you'd be well - advised to consider the full range , given the competition you may face .
Also , do n't neglect other careers that may value your training .
If you love the language , consider science journalism , either writing or editing — Science and Nature have large staffs , and you will often encounter them and representatives of other journals at the same scientific meetings you attend .
The same is true of government agencies such as the NIH , NSA , DOE , and so forth , where grants administration is very actively tied to research trends and can be an entrée into the world of science policy .
There are many more such positions when foundations , interest groups , and other private funding bodies are included .
If you have a knack for business , many management consulting firms have scientific and technical consulting arms that value Ph.D.s and offer intensive training opportunities , and , though it may not be attractive at the moment , a career as a financial analyst specializing in biotech is yet another possibility .
Rule 6 : Consider the Timing
The current business environment cannot help but be among your considerations .
Pharma has certainly been contributing to the unemployment rolls of late .
Corporate strategies , which used to be very similar across the sector , have started to diverge , so that some companies are divesting bioinformatics at the same time that others are hiring computational types disproportionately as they place more of an emphasis on mathematical modeling , systems approaches , pharmacogenomics , drug repurposing , and the like .
Overall , though , the industry trend has been to shrink R&D , and this may well continue through a round of consolidation , with several mega - mergers now under way .
As noted above , mergers are times of upheaval , carrying both risk and opportunity , and usually a period in limbo as well .
At the same time , it is worth bearing in mind that a corollary of downsizing is outsourcing , so that there may be new opportunities for startups and even individual consultants .
For much of the last decade , academia has also been in the doldrums , as NIH budgets have effectively contracted .
As I write this , things are definitely looking up , with prospects for renewed funding of science and even near - term benefits to the NIH and NSA from the Obama stimulus package .
Whether universities will respond proportionately with faculty hiring , given the losses in their endowment funds and cutbacks in salaries and discretionary spending , remains to be seen .
There is a lot of slack to be taken up , and in particular a backlog of meritorious grant applications that are now being reconsidered .
Nevertheless , on balance , an academic career has to be somewhat more promising today than a year ago , and a career in pharma rather less so , in the opinion of the author .
Rule 7 : Plan for the Long Term Having noted the current situation in Rule 6 , it 's important also to say that a career decision should be made with the long haul in mind .
The business cycle will eventually reverse itself , and while the business model may need to change irrevocably , the aging population alone dictates that healthcare will be an increasing global priority .
Likewise , history shows that growth in government funding for science waxes and wanes , with a time constant somewhat longer than a decade .
Trying to optimize a career decision based on current conditions is a bit like trying to time the stock market — you are sure to be overtaken by events .
One approach is to choose some reasonably long time frame , perhaps a decade , and ask yourself whether you'd be content to have lived through the average ups and downs you 'd experience in a given job over that period .
In academia , that would include a tenure decision ( rate your chances ) , a lot of grant applications with mixed success at best , and maybe some great students and really significant scientific contributions .
In pharma or large biotech , it would encompass a couple of promotions , your own group and maybe a department , at least one merger or other big disruption , and several rounds of layoffs .
In small business , it might include a failed startup ( or two , or three ) , an IPO if you 're lucky , and a lucrative exit strategy or long - term growth if you 're really lucky .
If you game these scenarios with various probabilities , and use your imagination , it just might become clear which ones you have no stomach for , and which ones really hold your interest .
Rule 8 : Keep Your Options Open Job - hopping is much more prevalent now than in days of yore , and you should consider this in your scenarios .
In industry , there is little stigma attached to changing employers , and if you can tolerate the relocation and / or want to see the world , it is a more or less standard way to advance your career by larger - than - usual increments .
This stratagem is far from unknown in academia , but perhaps a bit trickier to execute , though of course it is de rigueur if you fail to get tenure .
Of greater interest is the question of moving between academia and industry .
From the former to the latter is fairly easy , but the reverse is not as common , for a variety of reasons .
Superstar academics in relevant areas are in great demand in industry , to which they are often exposed through consulting or scientific advisory boards .
There are multiple examples of senior academics taking over major R&D organizations in industry , sometimes orders of magnitude larger than anything they managed in academia , and you might even consider this well - trod path as a career goal from the outset .
It is not impossible to return to academia from industry , particularly if you were already quite prominent when you left , but if you start your career in industry you may be at a disadvantage unless you go to great lengths to maintain an academic - style publication record and CV .
Important exceptions would be if the work that you did in industry was particularly novel and / or high - profile , or if your business experience is valued in the post you seek .
Examples of the latter might be faculty positions with a prominent management component ( centers , institutes , core facilities , and the like ) , or an interface role back to industry , or perhaps a joint business school appointment .
Rule 9 : Be Analytic
Approach the decision with the analytic skills you 've learned to apply to scientific questions .
Gather data from all available sources and organize it systematically .
When you interview , do n't just impress , but get impressions ; record everything down to your gut feelings .
Do some bibliometric or even social network analyses of your potential colleagues .
Check the industry newsletters and blogs , albeit with a grain of salt , to get a sense of the mood around R&D units ( not to be confused with manufacturing , sales and marketing , or other divisions , which may have completely different cultures within the same company ) .
You might even try out some decision theoretic methodologies , such as decision matrices and Bayesian decision trees , or run simulations on the scenarios of Rule 7 .
I recommend taking a look at expected utility theory and prospect theory , for an interesting quantitative excursion .
But honestly , these suggestions are just a more sophisticated informatics version of the classic advice to “ make a list of pros and cons , ” which always makes one feel a little more in control .
A leaked memo has revealed that Best Buy will begin pre-selling Microsoft ’s Windows 7 operating system on 26 June in the US .
The retailer confirmed late last week the date people can start buying Vista - based computers and subsequently qualify for a free upgrade to Windows 7 , when it lands in October .
Engadget has published a copy of the memo here .
It outlines prices for upgrade versions of Windows 7 Home Premium ( $ 49 ) and Windows 7 Professional ( $ 99 ) , both of which will be available via the Best Buy website .
It looks as though the prices listed may in fact be promotional offers , as according to the memo the program will only run for 16 days .
“ Microsoft is launching Windows 7 in mid-October 2009 .
This new operating system is n't just a ‘ Vista that works ’ program — it ’s a new operating system with improved productivity , functionality and creativity that uses less computer resources , ” opined Best Buy , which seems happy to note what a big fat failure Vista has been since its lead balloon launch in 2006 .
Meanwhile , Microsoft has confirmed to The Register that it has no plans to slap Vista Capable - style stickers on machines worthy of an upgrade from the unloved OS to Windows 7 .
The company has ditched those marketing tactics after a heap of bad publicity and a lengthy lawsuit that continues to limp along in the US .
Microsoft said in an official blog post last week that it was readying its Windows 7 upgrade option program , but did n’t spill any further information .
When asked about the specifics of what constituted a “ qualifying PC ” for the upgrade program , Microsoft was unable to tell El Reg because , according to a Redmond flack : “ This has not yet been defined . ”
Despite that lack of essential knowledge , the software giant was at pains to note that any computers that had Vista loaded would be capable of running Windows 7 too .
Microsoft ’s official date for Windows 7 to hit the shelves is 22 October .
In the meantime , anyone eyeing up a computer will be pondering whether to postpone a purchase .
Unless they ’re a secret Vista lover , that is . ®
Who Says The Right Is Out Of Ideas ?
The plan ( see PDF ) is to eliminate employee health benefit insurance and all government health care support , and throw everyone into the private insurance market .
Insurance companies would be allowed to risk - rate premiums , so that as people got older and / or sicker their premiums would go up .
However , Cato says , this does n’t have to be a problem .
The solution is … wait for it … insurance insurance .
They call it “ health status insurance , ” but essentially it ’s insurance insurance .
It ’s a separate policy you take that will insure you against catastrophic increases in your health insurance .
I ’m not kidding .
That ’s the brilliant plan .
( Mental Floss ) -- Perhaps your history teachers failed to alert you to these Civil War facts : Jefferson Davis nearly got mugged by an angry female mob ; Abraham Lincoln loved the Confederate anthem " Dixie , " and Paul Revere was a Civil War casualty .
" Dixie " was was a huge hit across the country and quickly became one of Abraham Lincoln 's favorite tunes .
The Civil War , in addition to being among the defining moments of U.S. history , is also the source of some bizarre and surprisingly cool trivia .
1. Lincoln 's first solution to slavery was a fiasco
Early in his presidency , Abe was convinced that white Americans would never accept black Americans .
" You and we are different races , " the president told a committee of " colored " leaders in August 1862 . " ... But for your race among us there could not be war ...
It is better for us both , therefore , to be separated . "
Lincoln proposed voluntary emigration to Central America , seeing it as a more convenient destination than Liberia .
This idea did n't sit well with leaders like Frederick Douglass , who considered colonization to be " a safety valve ... for white racism . "
Luckily for Douglass ( and the country ) , colonization failed spectacularly .
One of the first attempts was on Île à Vache , a .k.a.
Cow Island , a small isle off the coast of Haiti .
The island was owned by land developer Bernard Kock , who claimed he had approved a black American colony with the Haitian government .
No one bothered to call him on that claim .
Following a smallpox outbreak on the boat ride down , hundreds of black colonizers were abandoned on the island with no housing prepared for them , as Kock had promised .
To make matters worse , the soil on Cow Island was too poor for any serious agriculture .
In January 1864 , the Navy rescued the survivors from the ripoff colony .
Once Île à Vache fell through , Lincoln never spoke of colonization again .
Mental Floss : 6 Historical Events People Love to Reenact
2. Hungry ladies effectively mugged Jefferson Davis
The Confederacy 's image hinged on the notion that the rebellious states made up a unified , stable nation .
However , the hard times of war exposed just how much disunity there was in Dixieland .
Civilians in both the North and South had to cope with scarcity and increased food prices , but the food situation was especially bad in the South because outcomes on the battlefield were directly linked to the CSA 's currency -- rising food prices were hard enough to deal with without wild fluctuations in what the money in your pocket could buy .
Invading northern troops , of course , poured salt on the wounds of scarcity , burning crops and killing livestock .
But in Richmond , Virginia , those who could n't afford the increasingly pricey food blamed the Confederate government .
Hungry protesters , most of whom were women , led a march " to see the governor " in April 1863 that quickly turned violent .
They overturned carts , smashed windows , and drew out Governor John Letcher and President Jefferson Davis .
Davis threw money at the protesters , trying to get them to clear out , but the violence continued .
So , he threatened to order the militia to open fire , which settled things down pretty quickly .
3 . The Union used hot air balloons and submarines
The balloons , directed by aeronaut Thaddeus Lowe , were used to spot enemy soldiers and coordinate Federal troop movements .
During his first battlefield flight , at First Bull Run , Lowe landed behind Confederate lines , but he was rescued .
The Union Army Balloon Corps got no respect from military officials , and Lowe resigned when he was assigned to serve , at a lower pay grade , under the director of the Army Corps of Engineers .
In all , the balloonists were active for a little under two years .
Mental Floss : 7 Modern Flying Car Designs
In contrast , the paddle - powered Alligator submarine saw exactly zero days of combat ( which is why it can't officially be called the U.S.S. Alligator ) .
It suffered from some early testing setbacks , but after some speed - boosting tweaks , it was dispatched for Port Royal , South Carolina , with an eye towards aiding in the sack of Charleston .
It was to be towed south by the U.S.S.
Sumpter , but it had to be cut loose off of North Carolina on April 2 , 1863 , when bad weather struck .
Divers and historians are still looking for the Alligator today .
But the undersea capers do n't end there .
A few months after the loss of the Alligator , the CSA launched their own submarine , the H.L. Hunley , named after its inventor .
The Hunley attacked and sank the U.S.S. Housatonic off the coast of Charleston , making it the first submarine ever to sink an enemy ship .
The only problem is that it also sank soon afterwards , and all eight crewmen drowned .
4. " Dixie " was only a northern song
The precise details of when composer Dan Emmett wrote " Dixie " seemed to change every time he told the story ( and some even dispute that Emmett was the author in the first place ) .
But he first performed it in New York City in 1859 , with the title " I Wish I Was in Dixie 's Land . "
Emmett was a member of a blackface troupe known as the Bryant 's Minstrels , but he was indignant when he found out that his song had become an unofficial anthem of the Confederacy .
He went on to write a musicians ' marching manual for the Northern army .
Before and during the war , the song was a huge hit in New York and across the country , and quickly became one of Abraham Lincoln 's favorite tunes .
The day after the Surrender at Appomattox , Lincoln told a crowd of Northern revelers , " I have always thought ' Dixie ' was one of the best tunes I have ever heard .
Our adversaries over the way attempted to appropriate it , but I insisted yesterday that we fairly captured it . "
He then asked a nearby band to play it in celebration .
5. Paul Revere was at Gettysburg
Paul Joseph Revere , that is the famous Paul Revere 's grandson .
Unfortunately for fans of the first Revere and his partly mythical Ride , PJR was in the infantry , not the cavalry , with the 20th Massachusetts .
He and his brother Edward were captured at the Battle of Ball 's Bluff in October 1861 .
After being released in a prisoner exchange , the Reveres rejoined the fight .
Paul was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in September , 1862 , shortly before he was wounded in the brutal Battle of Antietam ( a.k.a. the Battle of Sharpsburg ) .
Edward , however , was n't so lucky -- he was one of more than 2,000 Union soldiers who did n't make it out of Sharpsburg , Maryland , alive .
By the following year , Paul was promoted again to Colonel , leading the 20th Massachusetts at Chancellorsville and , in his final days , at Gettysburg .
On July 3 , 1863 , he was mortally wounded by a shell fragment that pierced his lung , and he died the next day .
He was posthumously promoted again to Brigadier General , and is buried in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Mental Floss : 10 Things to Remember About Memorial Day
6. Mark Twain fired one shot and then left
At least , that 's what he claimed in " The Private History of a Campaign that Failed , " a semi-fictional short story published in 1885 , after The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , but before A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court .
In it , he recounts a whopping two weeks spent in 1861 with a Confederate militia in Marion County , Missouri .
But he introduces the tale by saying that even the people who enlisted at the start of the war , and then left permanently , " ought at least be allowed to state why they did n't do anything and also to explain the process by which they did n't do anything .
Surely this kind of light must have some sort of value . "
Twain writes that there were fifteen men in the rebel militia , the " Marion Rangers , " and he was the second lieutenant , even though they had no first lieutenant .
After Twain 's character shoots and kills a Northern horseback rider , he is overwhelmed by the sensation of being a murderer , " that I had killed a man , a man who had never done me any harm .
That was the coldest sensation that ever went through my marrow . "
However , his grief is slightly eased by the realization that six men had fired their guns , and only one had been able to hit the moving target .
7 . The armies were n't all - male
Hundreds of women on both sides pulled a Mulan , assuming male identities and appearances so that they might fight for their respective nations .
Some of them did it for adventure , but many did it for monetary reasons : the pay for a male soldier was about $ 13 month , which was close to double what a woman could make in any profession at the time .
Also , being a man gave someone a lot more freedoms than just being able to wear pants .
Remember , this was still more than half a century away from women 's suffrage and being a man meant that you could manage your monthly $ 13 wages independently .
So it should come as no surprise that many of these women kept up their aliases long after the war had ended , some even to the grave .
Their presence in soldiers ' ranks was n't the best - kept secret .
Some servicewomen kept up correspondence with the home front after they changed their identities , and for decades after the war newspapers ran article after article chronicling the stories of woman soldiers , and speculating on why they might break from the accepted gender norms .
Perhaps not surprisingly , in 1909 the U.S. Army denied that " any woman was ever enlisted in the military service of the United States as a member of any organization of the Regular or Volunteer Army at any time during the period of the civil war . "
For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC .
All rights reserved .
All About Abraham Lincoln • Jefferson Davis • Paul Revere
SHANGHAI  China ’s detention of four employees of the Anglo - Australian mining giant Rio Tinto on spying charges this week is tied to evidence that they obtained confidential state documents during negotiations with Chinese steel makers over iron ore prices , people with direct knowledge of the case said Friday .
Stern Hu , Rio Tinto ’s top iron ore negotiator with China and an Australian citizen , was detained in Shanghai on Sunday on suspicion of spying , stealing state secrets and causing economic harm to the nation , in a case that has rocked the Chinese steel and iron industry .
Three other Chinese employees who had some role in Rio Tinto ’s iron ore negotiations with Chinese steel mills have also been detained and accused of violating China ’s state secrets law .
Now , several other executives in the iron ore trade in China are also under investigation and at least one Chinese executive has been detained , possibly for passing state secrets to the Rio Tinto employees , according to China ’s state - run news media and people familiar with the investigation .
Early Friday , Eastday.com , a Web site partly controlled by the Shanghai government , said that the investigation was linked to the pricing of iron ore and that the Chinese authorities were looking into whether Rio employees paid bribes to Chinese officials in exchange for confidential government documents in an effort to gain an edge in negotiations over iron ore contracts .
Dutch school force students to eat live maggots
Two Dutch students of a primary school in the Hague became ill from eating live maggots which they were forced to eat by their teachers .
Teacher ’s bet on eating live maggots with several students at the end of school summer camp for group 8 of the Bezuidenhout School from the Hague .
A mother of a girl at the camp was disgusted by the action and says in a newspaper that the school should have never allowed this from happening .
The school director confirms that maggots were eaten , but says that the two boys did not become ill .
He admitted : “ It was disgusting .
May 22 , 2009 by Jared
Some time ago , I wrote about doing batch processing of text with an external process running , e.g. Perl .
Similarly , emacs - lisp has a lot of functionality for manipulating text .
The Problem
I have a file like this :
John James , Admin , other data , ... Dave Jones , Sales , ... Lisa Sims , IT , ... ...
I want to convert it into the following :
AND name IN ( " Dave Jones " , " John James " , " Lisa Sims " ) AND dept IN ( " Admin " , " IT " , " Sales " )
The Solution
First of all I need a helper function that converts lisp lists into a quoted comma-separated list .
( defun make - csv ( seq ) ( mapconcat ( lambda ( e ) ( format " \ " %s\ " " e ) ) seq " , " ) )
And then I can iterate over the text with re-search - forward , collecting the matched strings .
At the end , I ’ll output the collected strings .
in a sql clause fragment .
( defun process - lines ( &optional begin end ) ( interactive " r " ) ( goto - char begin ) ( let ( names depts ) ( while ( re - search - forward " \\ ( [ ^ , ] + \\ ) , \\ ( [ ^
, ]+ \\ ) " end t ) ( push ( match - string 1 ) names ) ( push ( match - string 2 ) depts ) ( next - line ) ) ( insert ( format ( concat "
" " AND name IN ( %s )
" " AND dept IN ( %s )
" ) ( make - csv ( sort names #' string - lessp ) ) ( make-csv ( sort depts #' string - less p ) ) ) ) ) )
If you liked this post , why not subscribe to my RSS feed .
Stop motion is an animation technique to make a physically manipulated object appear to move on its own .
The object is moved in small amounts between individually photographed frames , creating the illusion of movement when the series of frames are played as a continuous sequence .
The disadvantage with this form of animation is that it can sometimes appear to ‘ strobe ’ , partly due to the lack of blur between the frames .
Today , we are listing here 21 Stunning Examples Of Creatively Done Stop Motion Animations to make you impress with these creative art that need lots of hard work to get it done .
This list is not long in numbers but I promise you that when you start browsing them in details it will surely refresh you and force you to search out more amazing stop motion animations .
You are welcome if you want to share more examples of stop motion animations that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
Stop motion whiteboard video
Her Morning Elegance
The Art of Motion
Stop Motion Post - Its Super Lego Mario
Warhammer 40 k Stop Motion Movie
PSP Commercial Stop Motion Animation
Whiteboard Animation
Lego Millenium Falcon Stop Motion
Wooden model stop motion animation
Firekites AUTUMN STORY Chalk Animation xBox Stop Motion Commercial
The Original Human TETRIS Performance by Guillaume Reymond
Stop Motion Art
DEADLINE Post - it Stop Motion eBay stop motion viral
Stop Motion with a LOT of People Lego Indiana Jones
Let ’s Do It
Stop Motion Animation Origami
Sorry i’m late
Language archeology ( europython keynote , Bruce Eckel ) ¶
Bruce Eckel has always tried to figure out programming languages : why they do things , why they do n’t do other things .
He ’s best known for thinking in c++ and thinking in java .
At the time those languages helped productivity , but now they ’re holding programmers back .
So he ’s frustrated with those books now .
A GUI he advises after looking at a large number of them : Adobe ’s Flex .
He ’s also written a book on it .
Bruce created the PyCon conference ’s tshirt : “ elegance begets simplicity ” .
A previous shirt “ life is better without braces ” was based on a comment by him to Guido .
C was invented to make software portable : get rid of programming in assembly language .
Goal : away from the machine , but not too far away as you need to stay close to the machine for speed reasons .
ANSI C added static typechecking to pre-ansi C which prevented a lot of common low - level bugs .
This improvement made static typechecking look more like the solution to all ills than it warranted .
C++ was community designed .
Well - designed , but hampered by the design restriction to keep backward compatibility with plain C .
It is a big language and when he re-reads old C++ examples he wrote for his books , he notices that he even forgot parts of the core language .
The language itself is SO big .
Java ’s goal was to improve C++.
So it looked a bit like C++.
It popularized garbage collection , virtual machines ( bytecode ) and standardised error handling .
Java ’s problem is the backward compatibility with all the old java versions : new features that are added are often crippled .
This has bogged down the language .
One reason is the death - grip that Sun has / had on the language .
Ruby .
His original reaction when he first looked at it was “ bad rip - off of python ” .
Probably findable in an old blog entry .
He says he was wrong .
And Ruby on Rails was positively great for everyone .
It showed everyone what you can do with a dynamic language .
Bruce : Ruby is a smalltalk that is as practical as perl .
Great quote .
Ruby took all smalltalk ’s object oriented purity and made it practical .
Python .
Bruce loves python .
Python looks at features in isolation .
Does this particular feature make sense ?
It is handy ?
What is the best way to do this feature ?
So with every feature you can be sure that it is useful and working pretty well .
And python is one of the few languages that dare to correct mistakes .
When something does n’t work well , it gets fixed .
Sometimes a standard library component gets replaced .
That results in minor incompatibilities , but it is handled just fine by python ’s users .
It makes the language great .
Compare it with java ’s unattractiveness in this regard .
Python is clean and minimal : almost no unnecessary syntax .
It acknowledges the limitations of programmer brains .
Those brains are smaller than we think .
In C++ you can do c = Cat ( " mittens " ) to create a new object on the stack .
On the heap , you need an extra new keyword .
Python always allocates on the heap , so you do n’t need the distinction .
So python left out the new keyword and frees up more room in your brain for other things .
Ruby still has the new keyword as they mimic smalltalk in that regard .
Java has the new keyword as it has primitives that are stack - allocated for efficiency ’s sake .
That was a mistake .
They did it for performance reasons and crippled the language for it .
In python , the language is always elegant .
If in some spot you could need something more efficient , there are ways ( slightly less elegant ) to do it the efficient way via a back door .
Garbage collection and destructors .
c++ had a problem with stack and heap objects again .
The stack cleans up automatically , but you must remember to call delete on heap objects .
All of them .
You ’ll lose control somewhere .
Garbage collection makes memory leaks a non-issue .
Java popularized this .
There are different ways to handle garbage collection .
Java and ruby use a non-deterministic one that does n’t catch everything .
Python ’s reference counter garbage collector works better .
One change in recent versions ( the with clause ) is to split memory management and resource management .
Resource management means for instance automatically closing files once their class is garbage collected .
This is an improvement .
Common error reporting : exceptions .
C++ introduced it , but also supported all C error reporting mechanisms , which made it less useful .
Java , ruby , python , c# and so on all use exceptions exclusively .
C++ had templates .
Well - designed , but the first implementations were bad .
Java generics are far less powerful than the C++ templates .
Basically java got it wrong for backward compatibility reasons .
In dynamic languages , generic / templates are n’t a real problem .
Duck typing .
You write your code generically and just raise an exception at runtime if you did something wrong .
Static type checking cannot every catch every error anyway .
Zettl Research Group
FEW human records survive long .
One notable exception is the cave art in Lascaux , France .
These Paleolithic paintings of wild horses have survived more than 16,000 years .
Yet later artworks have been lost , and digital records are often the most vulnerable to decay .
But in a recent issue of Nano Letters a team of researchers led by Alex Zettl of the University of California , Berkeley , describe a method that will , they reckon , let people store information electronically for a billion years .
Dr Zettl and his colleagues constructed their memory cell by taking a particle of iron just a few billionths of a metre ( nanometres ) across and placing it inside a hollow carbon nanotube .
They attached electrodes to either end of the tube .
By applying a current , they were able to shuttle the particle back and forth .
This provides a mechanism to create the “ 1 ” and “ 0 ” required for digital representation : if the particle is at one end it counts as a “ 1 ” , and at the other end it is a “ 0 ” .
The next challenge was to read this electronic information .
The researchers found that when electrons flowed through the tube , they scattered when they came close to the particle .
The particle 's position thus altered the nanotube 's electrical resistance on a local scale .
Although they were unable to discover exactly how this happens , they were able to use the effect to read the stored information .
What makes the technique so durable is that the particle 's repeated movement does not damage the walls of the tube .
That is not only because the lining of the tube is so hard ; it is also because friction is almost negligible when working at such small scales .
Theoretical studies suggest that the system should retain information for a long time .
To switch spontaneously from a “ 1 ” to a “ 0 ” would entail the particle moving some 200 nanometres along the tube using thermal energy .
At room temperature , the odds of that happening are once in a billion years .
Yet the distance between the ends of the tube remains small enough to allow for speedy reading and writing of the memory cell when it is in use .
Dr Zettl says his team 's studies suggest that these cells could be used to make a memory with a storage density as high as 1 terabit ( 1 trillion bits of information ) per square inch ( 6.45 square centimetres ) .
In tests , the stored digital information was indeed found to be remarkably stable , in contrast to conventional memory cells in which information is sometimes lost because of randomly produced magnetic effects and the deterioration of the cell 's material .
The next challenge will be to create an electronic memory that has millions of cells instead of just one .
If Dr Zettl succeeds in commercialising this technology , digital decay itself may become a thing of the past .
There were no long lines or excited campers but a few early birds still rushed in to snag a Palm Pre as the much - anticipated device went on sale at select Sprint stores Friday night .
" It 's awesome , dude , " said Ken Fitzgerald , a mobile phone developer , proudly holding one of the first Pre phones sold at Sprint 's Palo Alto , California store .
Fitzgerald broke his contract with Verizon to get the Pre. Sprint has an exclusive deal with Palm for the Pre at least till the end of the year .
" I have been reading everything on the internet about the Pre for the last few months and I knew it was going to be a revolutionary device , " said Fitzgerald .
About ten Sprint stores nationwide opened their doors , a day early , to offer the Pre to buyers .
The $ 200 phone , after a $ 100 mail - in rebate , will be available at all Sprint , Best Buy and RadioShack stores starting June 6 .
Despite a few visibly excited buyers , Sprint 's Palo Alto location lacked the long lines that the Apple store , just a few blocks away , had seen before the launch of the first generation iPhone or the iPhone 3G .
" What we have here is the pre-Pre launch , " said Steve Elfman , president of network and wholesale at Sprint .
" We invited a select few customers to get the Pre. Tomorrow , when the stores open to all we expect to see some lines . "
One of the select few customers to get in early was Scott Hutton , an engineer for Cisco .
Hutton said he 's not a Palm fanboy but other phones such as the T - Mobile HTC G1 or even the iPhone have left him unimpressed .
" The iPhone , um , is missing that little thing called the keyboard , " said Hutton who bought two Pres and a wireless Touchstone charger .
Drawbacks such as the device 's ostensibly poor battery life , the lack of apps and even the cramped keyboard pointed out in reviews of the Palm Pre did not faze him or Fitzgerald .
Both say they have had Palm devices in the past and have been happy .
After a brief fling with other devices , they are back into the Palm fold .
With the launch of the Pre , Palm is reeling its old loyalists in .
More photos from the Pre launch at the Sprint Palo Alto store
The potential for a huge Pacific Ocean tsunami on the West Coast of America may be greater than previously thought , according to a new study of geological evidence along the Gulf of Alaska coast .
The new research suggests that future tsunamis could reach a scale far beyond that suffered in the tsunami generated by the great 1964 Alaskan earthquake .
Official figures put the number of deaths caused by the earthquake at around 130 : 114 in Alaska and 16 in Oregon and California .
The tsunami killed 35 people directly and caused extensive damage in Alaska , British Columbia , and the US Pacific region * .
The 1964 Alaskan earthquake – the second biggest recorded in history with a magnitude of 9.2 – triggered a series of massive waves with run up heights of as much as 12.7 metres in the Alaskan Gulf region and 52 metres in the Shoup Bay submarine slide in Valdez Arm .
The study suggests that rupture of an even larger area than the 1964 rupture zone could create an even bigger tsunami .
Warning systems are in place on the west coast of North America but the findings suggest a need for a review of evacuation plans in the region .
The research team from Durham University in the UK , the University of Utah and Plafker Geohazard Consultants , gauged the extent of earthquakes over the last 2,000 years by studying subsoil samples and sediment sequences at sites along the Alaskan coast .
The team radiocarbon - dated peat layers and sediments , and analysed the distribution of mud , sand and peat within them .
The results suggest that earthquakes in the region may rupture even larger segments of the coast and sea floor than was previously thought .
The study published in the academic journal Quaternary Science Reviews and funded by the National Science Foundation , NASA , and the US Geological Survey shows that the potential impact in terms of tsunami generation , could be significantly greater if both the 800 - km - long 1964 segment and the 250 - km - long adjacent Yakataga segment to the east were to rupture simultaneously .
advertisement
Lead author , Professor Ian Shennan , from Durham University ’s Geography Department said : “ Our radiocarbon - dated samples suggest that previous earthquakes were fifteen per cent bigger in terms of the area affected than the 1964 event .
This historical evidence of widespread , simultaneous plate rupturing within the Alaskan region has significant implications for the tsunami potential of the Gulf of Alaska and the Pacific region as a whole .
“ Peat layers provide a clear picture of what ’s happened to the Earth .
Our data indicate that two major earthquakes have struck Alaska in the last 1,500 years and our findings show that a bigger earthquake and a more destructive tsunami than the 1964 event are possible in the future .
The region has been hit by large single event earthquakes and tsunamis before , and our evidence indicates that multiple and more extensive ruptures can happen . ”
Tsunamis can be created by the rapid displacement of water when the sea floor lifts and / or falls due to crustal movements that accompany very large earthquakes .
The shallow nature of the sea floor off the coast of Alaska could increase the destructive potential of a tsunami wave in the Pacific .
Earthquake behaviour is difficult to predict in this region which is a transition zone between two of the world 's most active plate boundary faults ; the Fairweather fault , and the Aleutian subduction zone .
In 1899 and 1979 , large earthquakes occurred in the region but did not trigger a Tsunami because the rupturing was localized beneath the land instead of the sea floor .
Prof Ron Bruhn from the University of Utah said : “ If the larger earthquake that is suggested by our work hits the region , the size of the potential tsunami could be signficantly larger than in 1964 because a multi-rupture quake would displace the shallow continental shelf of the Yakutat microplate .
advertisement
“ In the case of a multi- rupture event , the energy imparted to the tsunami will be larger but spread out over a longer strike distance .
Except for the small communities at the tsunami source in Alaska , the longer length will have more of an effect on areas farther from the source such as southeastern Alaska , British Columbia , and the US west coast from Washington to California . ”
Warning systems have been in place on the US western seaboard and Hawaii since the 1946 Aleutian Islands tsunami .
Improvements were made following the 2004 earthquake under the Indian Ocean that triggered the most deadly tsunami in recorded history , killing more than 230,000 people .
Prof Shennan said : “ Earthquakes can hit at any time of the day or night , and that ’s a big challenge for emergency planners .
A tsunami in this region could cause damage and threaten life from Alaska to California and beyond ; in 1964 the effects of the tsunami waves were felt as far away as southern California and were recorded on tide gages throughout the Pacific Ocean . ”
Dr George Plafker from Plafker Geohazard Consultants said : “ A large scale earthquake will not necessarily create a large wave .
Tsunami height is a function of bathymetry , and the amount of slip and dip of the faults that take up the displacement , and all these factors can vary greatly along the strike .
“ Tsunamis will occur in the future .
There are issues in warning and evacuating large numbers of people in coastal communities quickly and safely .
The US has excellent warning systems in place but awareness is vital . ”
We have finally been notified of a solid date for when Vidzone , the free video service for the PlayStation 3 , will be released .
The magic date is June 11th .
The application will come the form of a download off the PSN store , not in a firmware .
However , only Europeans and Australians will be feeling the love .
All other regions will not receive the service .
[ Source ]
Three years after its release of Windows Live OneCare , Microsoft is again trying its hands at the antivirus market .
Code - named " Morro , " after Brazil 's Morro de Sao Paolo beach , Microsoft 's antivirus software is a free , comprehensive antivirus alternative that offers basic features , similar to the low - end consumer products sold by Symantec and McAfee .
Microsoft : Biting the Hand that Feeds
Analysts , however , are warning Microsoft to think twice about launching the software .
This is because anti-virus companies like Symantec and McAfee already protect Windows PCs from malware and hackers every day ; thus , many question why Microsoft would want to jeopardize this relationship .
While Morro is still technically considered a competitive threat to the other two anti-virus companies , it would not offer anywhere close to the added perks of owning a higher - end subscription .
( Source : reuters.com )
Live OneCare Revisited ?
About three years ago , the Mcirosoft launched " Live OneCare " , but the project turned out to be a commercial bust .
When Microsoft decided to pull the plug on OneCare , they promised to return with a better product by the end of 2009 .
True to their word , the topic of anti-virus is being discussed once again .
While only considered a small threat , Symantec has lashed out at Morro , claiming that " Microsoft 's free product is basically a stripped down version of the OneCare product Microsoft pulled from the shelves .
A full Internet security suite is what consumers require today to stay fully protected . "
( Source : indiatimes.com )
Microsoft said that most of the Morro testing will be done using their own employees .
A trial version for public release is expected soon , though no specific date has been announced .
میر حسین موسوی : ملت ایران دوباره متولد شده اس ت
میر حسین موسوی ، نامزد معترض به نتایج انتخابات ریاست جمهوری، در تازه ترین واکنش به وقایع اخیر ایران، خطاب به مخالفان و منتقدانش گفته است که یک ملتی " دوباره متولد شده و به صحنه آمده تا از دستاوردهای خود دفاع کند .
با دستگیری‌ها و پرونده‌سازی‌ها نمی‌توان این مساله را خاتمه داد . "
آقای موسوی گفته است مخالفان اعتراض های مردمی با مسئله‌ جدیدی به نام " بیداری ملت " مواجه شده اند .
میرحسین موسوی در جمع برخی از خانواده های بازداشت شدگان حوادث اخیر و به مناسبت سالگرد مبعث پیامبر مسلمانان سخنرانی کرده است .
آقای موسوی گفته است " دولت ی که در فضای بی‌اعتماد ی به وجود آید، دولت ضعیفی خواهد بود و چون پشتوانه و مشروعیت مردم ی
ندارد، مرتبا به بیگانگان امتیاز خواهد داد و این به صلاح نظام و ملت نیست . " آقای موسوی در این دیدار که دوشنبه صبح ۲۹ تیر در تهران صورت گرفته است پرونده سازی برای بازداشت شدگان حوادث اخیر را " تقبیح " کرده است.
به گفته آقای موسوی " بسیار ی از این زندانیان چهره‌های شناخته‌شده‌ا ی هستند که سالها برای این کشور و این نظام زحمت کشیده‌اند . "
" به این بازی خاتمه دهید "
برخی از مقام های جمهوری اسلامی، طی هفته های اخیر، به طور مکرر، اعتراض مردمی به نتایج انتخابا ت ریاست جمهوری را به برنامه ریزی کشورهای خارج ی
نسبت داده اند .
از جمله همزمان با دیدار آقای موسوی با خانواده برخی از بازداشت شدگان حوادث اخیر، آیت الله علی خامنه ای رهبر جمهوری اسلامی در دیدار با شمار ی
از مقام های حکومتی ایران باردیگر کشورهای خارجی را به دست داشتن در اعتراض های صورت گرفته متهم کرد .
آقای موسوی روز دوشنبه گفت " چه کسی باور می‌کند که این ها با بیگانگان بسازند و منافع کشور خود را در جهت خواس ت
آنان بفروشند؟ آیا کشور ما اینقدر حقیر و کوچک شده که می‌خواهید حرکت اعتراضی عظیم ملت را به بیگانگان
نسبت دهید ؟ آیا این توهین به ملت ما نیست؟ آیا این توهین به ۴۰ میلیون رای‌دهنده نیست؟ آیا این توهین به دانشجویان، اساتید ، نخبگان و م دیران زحمتکش کشور ما نیست؟ " میر حسین موسوی در عین حال گفته است که " متاسفانه خطیبی در نماز جمعه می‌گوید اعترافات در حال گرفته شدن است و در صورت صلاحدید پخش می شود و مسئله تمام شده است .
اما ما می‌گوییم با مسئله جدیدی به نام بیداری ملت مواجه شده‌اید؛ یک ملتی که دوباره متولد شده و به صحنه آمده تا از دستاوردهای خود دفاع کند .
با دستگیری‌ها و پرونده‌سازی‌ها نمی‌توان این مساله را خاتمه داد .
هر چه زودتر به این بازی خاتمه دهید و فرزندان ملت را به ملت برگردانید . "
اشاره آقای موسوی، به سخنرانی احمد جنتی در خطبه های نماز جمعه سه هفته پیش تهران است که از " اعتراف " برخی از دستگیر شدگان به انقلاب مخملی و ارتباط با کشورهای خارجی سخن گفته بود .
آقای موسوی در این دیدار به یکی از پرونده‌سازی‌های صورت گرفته برای یکی از اعضای ستاد خود اشاره کرد و گفته است " یکی از اعضای ستاد را تحت فشار گذاشته‌اند که اعتراف کن ۴ میلیارد تومانی را که از ستاد گرفته‌ای، چه کرده‌ای .
حال آنکه کل هزینه‌های ستادهای تبلیغاتی بنده کمتر از سه و نیم میلیارد تومان بوده است و اینها چون خود میلیاردها تومان خرج کردند، به خیال خود دنبال م نابع مالی ما می‌گردند . "
" سن گ ها را بسته و سگ ها را باز کرده اند "
توضیح تصویر، در جریان وقایع اخبر ایران به گفته منابع دولتی بیش از هزا ر
نفر دستگیر شده و بیش از 20 نفر کشته شده اند
میرحسین موسوی در این سخنرانی باری دیگر از سیاست های رادیو و تلویزیون ایران که در انحصار حکومت این کشور است، انتقاد کرده و گفته است که این رسانه در جهت منافع عمومی حرکت نمی کند .
آقای موسوی گفته است " چهره‌ا ی که بعد از انتخابا ت
از رسانه ملی دیدیم، به هیچ وجه قابل تصور نبود .
سنگ ها را بسته
اند و سگها را باز کرده اند .
افرادی دعوت شده‌اند تا با دروغ و تهمت و هتک حرمت، داستان‌سرایی و فضاسازی کنند، در حالی که ۱۳ میلیون جمعیت به قول شما و اکثریت به قول ما حق ندارند از خود دفاع کنند .
مانند تبلیغات ماشین رختشویی تهمت های افراد را تکرار می‌کنند و امکان دفاع را برای ملت فراهم نمی‌آورند و امروز وجدان عمومی جامعه
نشان می‌دهد که تا چه اندازه به یک رسانه‌ی مستقل و ملی نیاز داریم . " به گفته آقای موسوی، وقتی امکان گفت‌و‌گو و تبادل آرا در رسانه‌ ملی سلب می شود، فشارها در جای دیگر بروز می‌ یابند و مردم به رسانه‌های بیگانه روی می‌آورند . " ما نمی خواهیم ملت به رسانه‌های بیگانه اتصال پیدا کنند و می‌پرسیم چرا ملت نباید خبرهای خودش را از رسانه‌های خودش بشنود ؟ "
" این چه روزنامه آ زادی است؟ " اظهارات میرحسین موسوی درباره شرایط ایران، یکی از صریح ترین و مفصل ترین موضع گیری های آقای موسوی طی هفته های اخیر است .
گزارش های تایید نشده ای از تهران حاکی از اعمال محدودیت برای آقای موسوی بوده است .
هرچند آقای موسوی طی روزهای اخیر در میان مردم در نماز جمعه تهران حاضر شد و پیام تسلیتی به مناسبت سقوط هواپیمای ایرانی صادر کرد اما او خود به ایجاد محدودیت ها اشاره نموده و از آن انتقاد کرده است.
آقای موسوی درباره روزنامه " کلمه سبز " که چند هفته پیش از انتخابات به صاحب امتیاز ی او انتشار خود را آغاز کرد، اشاره کرده و گفته است آقای شاهر ودی، رئیس قوه قضائیه، " می‌گوید روزنامه‌ کلمه سبز توقی ف
نیست و می ‌تواند انتشار یابد و ما می گوییم این چه روزنامه‌ آزادی است که دفترش پلمپ شده و کارمندانش دستگیر ش ده‌اند؟ " به فاصله یک روز پس از اعلام نتایج انتخابات، روزنامه کلمه سبز با حضو ر
نمایندگان دادستان ی تهران در چاپخانه این روزنامه، با محدودیت هایی در انتشار رو به رو شد و چند روز بعد نیز همه کارکنان آن به همراه سردبیر و کاد ر
فنی روزنامه در محل دفتر آن بازداشت و دفتر روزنامه
نیز مهر و موم شد .
آقای موسوی گفته است " مشکل ما متاسفانه همین بی‌قانونی‌هاست .... ما معترض به بی‌قانونی هستیم .
ما می‌گوییم برخوردهای صورت گرفته در روزهای اخیر و اینکه عزیزان ما اکنون در زندان هیچ دسترسی به وکیل ن دارند و حتی امکان ملاقات با خانواده‌های خود را ندارند، بی‌قانونی است .
اینکه بر خلاف
نص قانون اساسی اجازه برگزاری تجمعات اعتراضی داده نمی‌شود، بی‌قانونی است.
ساختارشکنان کسانی هستند که موارد زیادی از قانون اساسی را بنا به میل خود نادیده می‌گیرند و اجرا نمی‌کنند . "
" از هزینه دادن نمی ترسی م "
به گفته آقای موسوی اکنون مردم برای حفظ ارزش ها در مقابل حکومت هزینه می‌دهند و شهید می‌دهند .
او گفت : " ما می‌خواهیم کمترین هزینه پرداخت شود، اما از هزینه دادن نمی‌هراسیم . "
میر حسین موسوی آخرین نخست وزیر ایران است که در دوران هشت ساله جنگ ایران و عراق، این سمت را در اختیار داشت .
بر اساس شواهد مکتوب تاریخی در دوران نخست وزیری، آقای موسوی اختلاف نظرهایی با رئیس جمهوری وقت ( سید علی خامنه ای ) داشته است که به تصمیم استعفای آقای موسو ی
از نخست وزیر منجر شده اما با وساطت آیت الله خمین ی بنیانگذار جمهوری اسلامی ،
از پذیرش استعفا و کناره گیری او جلوگیری شده است .
آقای موسوی پس از بازنگری در قانون اساسی ایران و حذف پست نخست وزیری ، از مسئولیت های اجرایی به مدت ۲۰ سال کناره گیری کرد و عمده وقت خود را صرف فعالی ت های هنری و فرهنگی کرد .
او در یکی از مناظره ها در جریان مبازرات انتخابات ی اش خود را فردی انقلابی معرفی کرد که با " احساس نگرانی " و برای جلوگیر ی
از وارد شدن خسارت های بیشتر به ایران کار فرهنگی را رها کرده و پس از ۲۰ سال وارد رقابت های انتخاباتی شده است .
آقای موسوی و مهدی کروبی دیگر نامزد معترض به نتایج انتخابات به همراه جمعی از مردم معترض، این نتایج را نپذیرفته اند و خواستار ابطال و برگزاری مجدد انتخابات شده اند .
مهدی کروبی و سازمان مجاهدین انقلاب اسلامی که از تشکل های سیاسی حامی میر حسین موسوی است شرایط پیش آمده را " کودتا " توصیف کرده
اند و محمد خاتمی رئیس جمهوری پیشین ایران از آن به نام " کودتای مخملین علیه مردم و نظام " یاد کرده است .
Enlarge By Evan Vucci , AP Senate Finance Committee Chairman Sen. Max Baucus , D - Mont. , left , says the lack of universal health care costs insured taxpayers " more than $ 1,000 a year in increased premiums . "
WASHINGTON 
The average U.S. family and their employers paid an extra $ 1,017 in health care premiums last year to compensate for the uninsured , according to a study to be released Thursday by an advocacy group for health care consumers .
Families USA , which supports expanded health care coverage , found that about 37 % of health care costs for people without insurance — or a total of $ 42.7 billion — went unpaid last year .
That cost eventually was shifted to the insured through higher premiums , according to the group .
" I do n't think anybody has any idea about how much they are paying because of the need to cover the health care costs of the uninsured , " said Ron Pollack , the group 's executive director .
" This is a hidden tax on all insurance premiums , whether it is paid by business for their work or by families when they purchase their own coverage . "
As President Obama and Congress take up health care legislation this year , the so - called hidden tax is increasingly becoming a talking point as proof that the U.S. health care system needs to be fixed : • Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , D - Mont. , in a May 11 statement announcing policy options for expanding health care coverage , said : " The cost of that care is paid by every American with insurance in the form of a hidden tax of more than $ 1,000 a year in increased premiums . "
• Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , a Democrat , said at a House hearing earlier this month : " The large number of uninsured Americans impose a hidden tax on other citizens as premiums go up , and leaves too many Americans wondering where they will turn if they get sick . "
• California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a Republican , said in a health care speech earlier this month : " We 've got to stop that hidden tax .
Everyone must be insured . "
How this hidden tax will be eliminated will be a point of contention as the debate over health care intensifies .
Baucus , in a statement to USA TODAY , said that ensuring all Americans access to health care is key to improving care while cutting costs .
" Health care reform will lower premiums and out - of - pocket costs for American families , free up cash for American businesses and make them more competitive around the world , and cut the country 's debt and help keep the Medicare program sustainable for the next generation , " he said .
Conservatives , including Robert Moffit of the Heritage Foundation , are wary of any proposals that expand existing government programs or create new ones .
He blamed government programs — in particular , inadequate Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements to doctors , hospitals and clinics .
Moffit , director of the foundation 's Center for Health Policy Studies , said tax credits or government subsidies should be available for people without coverage to buy their own insurance plan , helping to create a true free market for health care .
" The billions and billions of cost - shifting does n't add one red cent to the value of patient care , " said Moffit , a health official during the Reagan administration .
" You pay for market distortions , and when you have stupid government policy , that 's what you get . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Mrs Clinton was warmly received in New Delhi after she began her trip with a stay at Mumbai's Taj Palace Hotel , the scene of last November 's terrorist attack .
She has also won Indian hearts by pointedly not visiting its neighbouring rival , Pakistan .
For those of you who were wondering whether the Uncharted 2 screens published over the weekend were real or not , we ’ve got a treat for you .
Everything you saw was from the actual game , and we ’ve got the E3 trailer from which these screens originated .
Check it out below , and make sure to enjoy it in HD !
You wo n’t be disappointed .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yiyP2ts8j4[/youtube]
Gmail has rolled out some new feature that makes its labels behave a little bit more like folders .
Now you can manage the labels more easier than before .
Using this new Drag and Drop feature of Labels you can easily drag messages into labels and labels onto messages .
Also you can hide any label by dragging them into more menu and vice versa .
Please find below the details as per Gmail ’s official blog :
1 ) New location for labels
You ’ll notice your labels in a new location on the left of your inbox ( or on the right , for those of you using the Arabic , Hebrew , or Urdu versions of Gmail ) .
Instead of having their own section , your labels are now above your chat list , grouped together with Inbox , Drafts , Chats and other system labels .
2 ) Label hiding and showing
You now have control over which of your labels show .
We ’ve done our best to get you started by automatically showing the labels you use most and hiding the rest .
Label hiding is my favorite new feature , since it saves me from having to look through labels I rarely use .
If I ever need to reach any of my old labels , I just click the “ more ” link .
You can show , hide , or delete a label by clicking the down - arrow to the left of that label .
If you want to make a lot of changes at once , go to the Labels tab under Settings where you can edit labels in bulk .
For those of you who created label names like _stuff or ++ todo ++ to force your most - used labels to the top of the list ( come on , you know who you are , I did it too… ) , you do n’t have to come up with clever tricks like that anymore 😉
3 ) Drag and drop
You can now drag messages into labels , just like you can with folders .
This does the exact same thing as “ Move to ” — it labels and archives in one step .
You can drag labels onto messages too .
It ’s the same thing as using the “ Label ” button .
To label or move many messages at once , first select the messages and then drag and drop the label .
It ’s also possible to drag labels into the “ more ” menu to hide them and vice versa .
If you only want to move a couple labels around , I ’ve found it quicker than going to Settings .
Hope you like this feature .
Just give it a try and let us know how its useful for you .
Link : Labels : drag and drop , hiding and more [ Official Gmail Blog ]
The as - yet - untitled Michael Moore documentary will explore the root causes of the global economic meltdown and take a comical look at the corporate and political shenanigans that culminated in what Moore described as " the biggest robbery in the history of this country " - the massive transfer of U.S. taxpayer money to private financial institutions .
Duration
1 min 14 sec
Views
536,066
Posted On
June 12 , 2009 Director
Michael Moore
Writer
Michael Moore
Studio
Paramount Vantage
Release
October 2 , 2009 Cast
Michael Moore Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Paramount Vantage
Overture Films
Michael Moore
" He 's a little chickie to me , " said Loretta Ford .
" He wants to try his wings .
. . .
This is what he wants to do , and I just let him go .
I just say my prayers and hope for the best .
That 's all you can do . "
On 11 December 1787 , part of a French naval fleet led by Commodore Comte de la Perouse became stranded in shallow waters off the northern coast of Tutuila , in the South Pacific .
The sailors had set off from Brest two years earlier , on a tempestuous voyage to Australia ; as they reached the area now known as American Samoa , the sailors started to search for a piece of land on which to lay their flag .
But for many of the would - be colonists , the journey came to a fatal end .
The sailors attempted to step ashore not far from where their marooned vessel had landed when a band of natives attacked , leaving many of the men dead on the beach .
Those who survived later described their aggressors as a band of strange looking creatures , their skin adorned with elaborate geometric designs , giving the men the appearance of being clothed , though they were in fact ......... f naked .
Some years earlier , Captain Cook noted similar markings adorning the skin of indigenous tribes of the Marquesas Islands .
These instances were the first recorded sightings of the " tatu " – a Haitian term meaning " to mark " – and what was for the people of Polynesia an ancient practice with a deep cultural significance .
The markings were said to represent a person 's spiritual being , to indicate one 's social status and herald an allegiance to a specific belief system .
While sailors returning from the South Pacific are said to have brought this Polynesian tradition back to Europe , there is evidence of body art in Britain as far back as the 6th century within ancient Celtic culture .
Clansmen inscribed their skin with various knot - like symbols – using a blue plant extract known as woad – as a tribal emblem .
In Africa and South America , too , tattoos have long been used as a badge of identity .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Today in Britain , tattoos remain a popular signifier of allegiance , taste and culture .
In fact , they have never been more prevalent in our Western culture .
We now have a number of genres to speak of , and each fulfils an important social function .
Among the most popular is the " partner " tattoo .
With these , a person permanently inscribes the name of their lover on to a ( usually very visible ) piece of their flesh .
An indelible way of saying " I 'm yours " , the tattoo can also serve as a memento of happy times , to be cherished once the relationship has irreparably broken down .
Then there are Asian symbols : Chinese , Japanese , Nepalese – it does n't matter , as long as the tattoo ( apparently ) means " Om " or " Tiger " and it is done on a beach in Thailand – or in Camden Market .
These scream " life - experience " .
Finally , there are those belonging to the " other " category , like the ones exhibited on these pages .
These include the " Swayzaur " – a tuxedo - wearing Patrick Swayze depicted as a Centaur – and the " I'm Gonna Kill You , Ray Romano " promise , not to mention a handless arm adorned with a tattooed fingernail , or a game of Pac - Man etched on to a man 's posterior .
All of these spectacular creations are part of a series showcased in a book which claims to examine " the greatest development of human artistic expression : the objectively awful tattoo " .
' No Regrets : The Best , Worst & Most # $ %*ing Ridiculous Tattoos Ever ' by Aviva Yael & P M Chen is published by Little , Brown .
To order a copy at the special price of £ 11.69 , including postage and packing , call Independent Books Direct on 08700 798 897
It has been years since Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney have been considered the best of friends ( or even on speaking terms ) , but the King of Pop 's death leaves the former Beatle sad and shocked all the same .
" I feel privileged to have hung out and worked with Michael , " read a statement on McCartney 's website this morning .
" He was a massively talented boy man with a gentle soul .
His music will be remembered forever and my memories of our time together will be happy ones .
" I send my deepest sympathy to his mother and the whole family and to his countless fans all around the world . "
McCartney 's superstar - meets - superstar friendship with Jackson was irreparably damaged when Jackson purchased the Beatles song - copyright catalog from Apple Records for $ 47.5 million in 1985 — an asset that confused people forever after as to how Jackson ultimately became so financially insolvent .
‘ Most PSP Leads Were Determined Not to Have Any Connection to Terrorism ’
Created : July 10 , 2009 16:07 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The Bush administration called its warrantless surveillance efforts “ very , very important to protect the national security of this country , ” in the words of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales in 2005 .
Today ’s inspectors general report on the President ’s Surveillance Program does n’t really substantiate that assessment .
“ [ M]ost PSP leads were determined not to have any connection to terrorism , ” according to the Justice Department ’s inspector general .
Former Bush administration officials gave the generic statement that the PSP was “ of value , ” to quote FBI Director Robert Mueller ’s rather conspicuously understated judgment .
But there ’s no evidence given in the report about valuable contributions that the PSP uniquely provided to the counterterrorism fight , even when conceding that most of that stuff is classified .
For instance , here ’s the Justice Department inspector general ’s assessment :
Even though most PSP leads were determined not to have any connection to terrorism , many of the FBI witnesses believed the mere possibility of the leads producing useful information made investigating the leads worthwhile .
However , the DOJ [ inspector general ] also found that the exceptionally compartmented nature of the program created some frustration for FBI personnel .
Some agents and analysts criticized the PSP - derived information they received for providing insufficient details , and the agents who managed counterterrorism programs at the FBI field offices the DOJ [ inspector general ] visited said the FBI ’s process for disseminating PSP - derived information failed to adquately prioritize the information for investigation .
So : diligence on a wild goose chase .
I guess that ’s something .
What was the value added for the National Security Agency ?
In May 2009 [ former NSA and CIA director ] told NSA [ inspector general ] that the value of the Program was in knowing the NSA signals intelligence activities under the PSP covered an important ‘ quadrant ’ of terrorist communications .
NSA ’s Deputy Director echoed Hayden ’s comment when he said that the value of the PSP was in the confidence it provided that someone was looking at the seam between the foreign and domestic intelligence domains .
Again : value in checking boxes , but no value in , like , stopping terrorism .
What about CIA ?
The CIA [ inspector general ] determined that the CIA did not implement procedures to assess the usefulness of the product of the PSP and did not routinely document whether PSP reporting had contributed to successful counterterrorism operations .
CIA officials , including Hayden , told the CIA [ inspector general ] that PSP reporting was used in conjunction with reporting from other intelligence sources ; consequently , it is difficult to attribute the success of particular counterterrorism case exclusively to the PSP .
For this the Bush administration violated the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act and then gutted it , with the help of a Democratic Congress .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
• Explicit rejection of price controls and rate - setting
• A level playing field on taxes , regulations and administration
• Limited participation to certain market segments ( e.g. small group and individual )
• Required supermajority approval for federal bailout of the public plan ( in addition to self - financing )
• Automatic sunset after four years unless the plan can demonstrate solid financial performance and positive impacts on market stability
• Mandatory accreditation or evaluation of providers , plans and other stakeholders to ensure private sector cost containment if targets are not met
“ Creating a brand - new government program will not only worsen our long - term financial outlook but also negatively impact American families who enjoy the private coverage of their choice , ” said the letter from nine Republicans who are working on bipartisan health - care legislation .
The senators include Charles Grassley of Iowa , the top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , and Mike Enzi of Wyoming , the ranking Republican on the Senate ’s health panel .
... The signatories argued that creation of a so - called “ public option ” will undermine private insurers and eventually limit provider and treatment choices for consumers .
“ Washington - run programs undermine market - based competition through their ability to impose price controls and shift costs to other purchasers , ” they wrote .
“ Forcing free - market plans to compete with these government - run programs would create an unlevel playing field and inevitably doom true competition . ”
I woke up this morning and the first thing I saw was Rick Scott 's ugly mug on yetdistorted ad from Conservatives " For " Patients Rights .
I guess you can't call it " Conservatives Against Patients Rights " or " Conservatives For Insurance Industry CEO Rights , " though both names would far more accurately describe the essence of Scott 's jihad against health care reform .
( That link above includes a wonderful clip from Rachel Maddow that thoroughly explains why a career criminal like Rick Scott is involved in this debate . )
Today 's ad claims that if there is a public option it will drive for - profit health insurance companies out of business .
From , as my dear departed grandmother used to say , their lips to God 's ear !
Someone should ask him towhy it would drive for - profit insurance crooks out of business and why that 's a bad thing .
Do n't expect our elected representatives to ask that question .
Not counting the banksters ( $ 3,560,808,113 ) , the biggest spenders on Congress are the fine folks from the Medical - Industrial Complex .
Since 1998 they 've spent $ 3,405,669,482 on lobbying our federal elected officials , trying to persuade them that substandard health care that generates huge profits for middle men is just what the doctor ordered .
Insurance alone is the second biggest industry in the country when it comes to lobbying -- $ 1,220,365,114-- second only to Big Pharma at $ 1,620,254,958 ( andmore ready to spend than Big Oil at $ 785,573,021 or investment firms at $ 626,626,225 ) .
Add to that an other $ 833,259,267 in direct " contributions " from " Big Health " to candidates ( clearly bribes ) and $ 315,390,117 from Insurance and you 're looking at billions of reasons why Congress likes the status quo regardless of how bad it is for their constituents .
Remember , of course , every member of Congress has the kind of health care coverage we 're asking for .
In fact , I posed a question to the Progressive Caucus asking why we can't have the same coverage that members of Congress have .
In the video below you 'll see progressive superstar Jan Schakowsky ( D - IL ) answering : " That 's exactly what we 're talking about -- making sure that everybody has a plan at least as good as the members of Congress . "
As Ryan Grim pointed out earlier at Huff Po , the Blue Dogs have joined the Republicans to fight the public option .
Today McJoan at Daily Kos analyzed the fake reform that the conservadems were circulating -- the same kind of proposal for a non-robust , non-workable public option that will only do one thing -- guarantee more extreme profits for their patrons at Big Insurance .
These are the people who Max Baucus ( DLC - MT ) listens to while he 's having single - payer proponents arrested and carted off to jail .
And here 's what they think Change should look like :
They did n't even have to think about it ; it 's straight from K Street lobbyists ; you see that $ 3,405,669,482 is n't for naught .
The best explanation I 've ever seen on the health care debate is on this Bill Moyers segment we posted Saturday .
If you missed it , do yourself a favor and watch .
And then watch Howard Dean on with Keith Olberman tonight .
Of course making the Conservadems look like Sisters of Mercy are the Republicans with their anti-working family proposals to kill health care reform entirely .
They sent President Obama a letter today in response to his call for a public option Olympia Snowe ( R - ME ) , was the only Republican on the Finance Committee who refused to sign the letter , I 'm surprised Max Baucus did n't fill in for her .
These are the members of the Senate Finance Committee who sit on the Health Care subcommittee -- along with their phone numbers ( and the amount of " donations " each has taken from Big Insurance ) : Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) , chairman - 202-224-5323 ( $ 400,674 ) Jeff Bingaman , ( D - NM ) - 202-224-5521John Kerry ( D - MA ) - 202-224-2742 ( $ 1,397,617 ) Blanche Lincoln ( DLC-AR ) - 202-224-4843 ( $ 456,533 ) Ron Wyden ( D - OR ) - 202-224-5244 Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) - 202-224-6542 ( $ 981,400 ) Debbie Stabenow ( D - MI ) - 202-224-4822 ( $ 251,050 ) Maria Cantwell ( D - WA ) - 202-224-3441 ( $ 81,750 ) Bill Nelson ( D - FL ) - 202-224-5274 ( $ 522,016 ) Robert Menendez ( D - NJ ) - 202-224-4744 ( $ 464,679 ) Tom Carper ( DLC-DE ) - 202-224-2441 ( $ 451,724 ) Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) , ranking Repug - 202-224-5251 ( $ 661,807 ) Olympia Snowe ( R-ME ) - 202-224-5344 ( $ 408,490 ) John Ensign ( R-NV ) - 202-224-6244 ( $ 584,940 ) Mike Enzi ( R - WY ) - 202-224-3424 ( $ 240,953 ) John Cornyn ( R- TX ) - 202-224-2934 ( $ 566,053 ) Jon Kyl ( R - AZ ) - 202-224-4521 ( $ 533,044 ) Jim Bunning ( R-KY ) - 202-224-4343 ( $ 781,016 ) Mike Crapo ( R- ID ) - 202-224-6142 ( $ 375,432 ) Members of the Houses ' Progressive Caucus answer questions about health care :
Labels : health care , Max Baucus , Progressive Caucus , Rick Scott , single - payer health insurance
Posted by MaDDoX at 2019-12-25 03:36
' Travel 2000 years to the “ past ” of Total Annihilation days , and engage on hard - fought battles with forgotten technology and special attacks .
TA Prime is a fan - made prequel to the 1999 smash hit RTS , elected by GameSpy as the best Real - Time Strategy Game of all time .
'TA Prime - or TAP , for short - stacks an elaborate RPS ( rock - paper - scissors ) countering mechanism on top of the physics - based countering system of T.A. , where projectiles realistically bounce and miss targets .
This heavily favours early and continuous scouting ( for appropriate mix - and - match ) and micro-management of units for best effectiveness .
On top of that , TAP uses a modern upgrade system involving Tech researches , morphs ( allowing units to change shape and combat role ) , global and per-unit upgrades .
Direct - fire , aim - able abilities play an important role in the game , with “ Fire Rain ” and “ Neutron Strike ” easily countering blobs of bots and vehicles respectively .
Many quality - of - life features are included , like instant unit area- loading , “ plane freeze ” - which allows you to precisely maneuver and group fighters and bombers mid-air - and one - click morph queues , to make sure you do n’t over - spend when resources are tight .
Ground , Air , Navy , Artillery and Nuclear combat layers - it ’s all in there with its own details and complexity for you to master .
Learn about the game , how to get and install it , on our website : https://www.fluidplay.co/TAPrime TAP is already on Rapid , we ’ll have a release play party tomorrow ( Xmas day , Dec 25th ) @ 10 AM PST / 3 PM BRT , come join us at “ TA Prime - Main Server ” , which will be pw - unlocked half an hour before that .
We ’ll hold a 1v1 TAP tourney , with $ 250 dollars in prizes ( $ 150 for the winner ) .
The tourney is slated for the Second Week of January .
More details to be provided soon in our site and here in the SpringRTS forums .
TA Prime is totally free to play , there are no - and there will never be - in - game purchases or fees to play on our self - funded servers .
All rights on the Total Annihilation trademark and art are reserved to Wargaming .
net .
Designer Rhea Jeong 's Void LP player seems devoid of reality , but it was inspired by the very real and very cute " Vinyl Killer , " a little VW Bus that can propel itself around a record and play the tunes with its tinny speaker , naturally wearing out the precious LP in the process .
The Void LP takes the concept of a self - sufficient speaker , amp and needle ( the red ball ) , and then tosses them all into the air with a magnetic saucer .
We 're sure it sounds terrible , and it seems a little fantastical , but one thing 's for certain : we want .
[ Via The Rock and Roll Star
THE period when humans stopped hunting and gathering and settled down to become farmers is one of the most important in history .
It ranks with the original human exodus from Africa about 60,000 years ago , which led to Homo sapiens becoming a global species , and the beginning of the industrial revolution , 250 years ago , when many people stopped being farmers and began to earn their livings in other ways .
Yet it is not well understood .
A piece of research published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences by Ian Kuijt of the University of Notre Dame , in Indiana , and Bill Finlayson of the Council for British Research in the Levant , may shed more light on the matter .
Dr Kuijt and Dr Finlayson have been excavating a site called Dhra , in Jordan , near the Dead Sea .
They have uncovered evidence that sophisticated ways of storing grain had been developed well before cereals were actually domesticated .
The discoveries the two researchers describe appear to be small granaries , about three metres across and three high .
They are made of mud , in some cases reinforced by stone .
But , being over 11,000 years old , they predate the domestication of cereals in the Middle East by a millennium .
Instead , they seem to have been used to store wild barley and wild oats .
The period leading up to the domestication of cereals was one of erratic climate change , as the last ice age ended .
In the Middle East people started to build settlements as early as 15,000 years ago , a period called the Early Natufian , but a drying of the climate made them nomadic again between 12,800 and 11,500 years ago .
A second attempt to settle , known to archaeologists as the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A , then began and led , arguably , to modernity — at least in the West .
The granaries themselves are circular and quite sophisticated .
From the arrangement of a system of internal stone supports , for example , they appear to have had raised floors .
That would have allowed air to circulate , reducing the risk of fungal spoilage and providing some protection against rodents .
The floors also sloped , apparently deliberately — probably to make moving grain around them easier .
And evidence of barley straw at the site helps confirm that the buildings were , indeed , used to store grain .
To settle down in one place requires a reliable food supply , so the discovery of granaries is no surprise .
Pits that might ( or might not ) have held grain have already been found , but the latest discovery is on a far grander scale .
It helps confirm what had previously been suspected — that it was a technological change to the gathering half of the hunting - and - gathering lifestyle that propelled the domestication and cultivation of crops .
What happened next ( indeed , what was probably already happening ) was the deliberate planting of wild seeds , in order to make the gathering process less onerous .
From there , it was but a short leap to choosing seeds from the most productive plants to sow next season and the consequent evolution , partly by accident and partly by design , of early versions of many of the grains that now feed the world .
Today we will go over some practical uses of htaccess files that you can use in your web applications .
Requirements
Htaccess files are plain - text configuration files used by the Apache HTTP web server .
They allow users to set directory level options without requiring access to the httpd .conf file .
As such it is required that your server uses Apache , and a web host that allows htaccess files ( the most popular hosts do ) .
I assume a basic working knowledge of htaccess , but if you need to freshen up check out this article by Joseph Pecoraro
1. Prevent Hotlinking
Hotlinking , or inline linking , is when one web site links directly to an object on another site .
This costs the hosting site bandwidth to provide the image on the page of the second site .
On popular photo sites this can be a major problem , albeit humorous at times .
There are ways to fix this growing problem using htaccess .
First here is the image we are trying to protect .
We will step through this line - by - line .
First we need to turn on the rewrite engine in Apache , this allows us to redirect the user 's request .
Next we start setting our conditions using RewriteCond .
This is a function that takes two arguments : TestString and CondPattern .
TestString is the string we want to check our CondPattern against ( using regular expressions ) .
$ {HTTP_REFERER} is a variable provided by Apache that holds the domain the request came from , in this instance we want to allow requests from blank HTTP referrers to protect users who are on a proxy server that sends blank referrers .
Next we set the domains from which we will allow our images to be linked using the same syntax except now we provide a URL .
The [ NC ] flag at the end of the command simply instructs the engine to ignore casing .
You can add as many lines domains as you 'd like here , using the same syntax .
For the sake of example I added my personal domain , but commented it out .
Finally , the last line is the RewriteRule we wish to use if any of the conditions above are not met .
It takes two arguments as well Pattern and Substitution , where pattern is a regular expression match and substitution is what we want to replace any matches with .
In this case we are looking for requests that end in jpg , png , and gif ; if found we want to use a blank substitution .
However in the flags we tell it furthermore what we want to be done , NC means no case , F sends a 403 forbidden error to user , and L tells the engine to stop rewriting so no other rules are applied .
This is fairly straightforward , but perhaps we are interested in telling the user we do n't want them to hotlink our images , so let 's redirect all hotlinked requests to an image instead of sending a 403 forbidden error .
This is done by replacing the last line with this code .
You can change url to any image path you 'd like on your domain , but remember it needs to not end in jpg , png , or gif as it will reapply the rule and send the server into a never - ending loop .
I chose to use the older .jpeg extension to fix this .
The R flag that replaced F simply sends a redirect .
2. Block User By IP Address
This is a great little tip if you have a spammer on your website .
If you can find their IP in your logs , simply add it to an htaccess file .
Using the Order directive in the mod_access module we can specify IPs to deny and allow .
Simply using the syntax
Deny from IP ADDRESS we can forbid those users from accessing our directory .
3. Error Documents
All production ready sites should use custom error pages for a professional touch .
This is easy using the ErrorDocument directive in Apache 's core .
A custom page is far better than the default Apache error pages .
ErrorDocument takes two arguments error - code and document .
In the code above I created error documents for the 3 most common HTTP errors : 404 not found , 403 forbidden , and 500 server error .
Then you can provide the full URL or relative path to your error documents .
You could also them redirect to a PHP script that logs the errors in a database or emails them to you ( might get annoying though ) .
This is a great way to take control of errors in your web application , be sure to check out Smashing Magazine 's 404 error page showcase for inspiration .
4. Redirect While Performing Upgrades
If you are performing a major site upgrade you most likely should redirect users to a page informing them .
This prevents users from seeing broken pages or potential security holes while the application is uploading .
One caveat to consider is that we want to allow certain IP addresses into the site for testing before it goes live all of this can be achieved in an htaccess file .
We are using the rewrite engine again to do this , but in a kind of reverse way .
First we need to set a condition that excludes the document describing the upgrade otherwise our server start a never ending loop .
Next we exclude a single IP address from being redirected for testing purposes .
Finally we use the rewrite rule to send users to an upgrade page .
The flags we have looked at before , except this time we setting the redirect to a 302 status code , telling the browser that the page has temporarily moved and to handle caching accordingly .
Smashing Magazine , again , has a great showcase of Effective Maintenance Pages .
5. Hiding Directory Listing
For numerous security reasons it is a good idea to restrict directory listing , the default behavior in Apache .
This can be done with a simple line in our htaccess file we can prevent visitors from seeing our directory listings .
Now users who request a directory that does n't have an index file it will show them a 403 forbidden error page .
Conclusion
These are several of my favorite uses of htaccess .
Leave yours in the comments !
I am available for help in the comments or on twitter .
If there is a great deal of interest , I will do more htaccess tutorials with solutions to your requests in the comments .
Thanks for reading !
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the NETTUTS RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
Updates
Time for a new ' welcome note ' .
Welcome to the site , feel free to look around and comment .
If you know who I am , right on , if not , that 's cool too .
If you are wondering , yes it is the same xxoozero from Shoutwire , Torrentspy , ect .
SATURDAY Morning Breakfast Cereal has been gracing the internet for eight years .
Browse through its vast archives and it soon becomes clear why it is one of the world ’s most popular webcomics .
Dark , erudite , irreverent and intelligent , the daily gag - strip portrays a wild world of toddler - eating serial killers , pistol - packing parents , capricious deities , and inappropriate chat - up lines .
Nothing is sacred in the SMBC universe , which , of course , is why we here at The Freethinker love it – and why we were so delighted when the strip ’s creator , 28 - year - old Zach Weiner , agreed to give us an interview .
All images link back to the SMBC archive , except one which Zach drew exclusively for The Freethinker .
SMBC is one of a small number of webcomics which deals frequently – and hilariously – with religion .
Have you no respect for people ’s deeply held religious convictions , for God ’s sake ?
My general rule on sacred things is that I have no respect for people who ca n’t take a joke .
Like , I believe in physics , but I have no problem with people poking fun at Newton , or at the fact that the math can be Byzantine and boring at times .
I think most people feel this way about their religion as well .
So , to me it ’s less an issue of respect for religion than an issue of whether people are strong enough in their convictions to withstand a cartoon that mocks them .
As a writer of comedy , I tend to view anyone ’s views on any topic as assailable .
If people want to believe something , they ought to be prepared to defend it .
Do you get much hate mail when you post an irreligious comic ?
Sadly I do n’t .
I once , years ago , got a very rambling email from a creationist on the topic of evolution .
Unfortunately , despite being a bit nonsensical , he was completely polite .
In fact , I have probably gotten more complaints from my parents ( who are also surprisingly polite about my comics ) than anyone else .
Have you ever been religious ?
I was raised Jewish , but in an only casually religious environment .
I remember thinking about the afterlife as a little kid , but I do n’t think there was ever a time in my life where I felt deeply spiritual .
There ’s a cliche about all Jews having an “ Atheist gene , ” and perhaps that ’s true of me .
If you ’d asked ten - year - old me if I believed in god , I think I would ’ve said “ yes . ”
But , I do n’t think there ever was a time where I ’d thought much about the topic and then decided I was a religious person .
So , I ’m afraid there was never an “ aha ” moment for me .
How would you describe your personal philosophy ?
Pragmatic .
I think the big questions of philosophy in regard to spiritualism and epistemology probably are by definition unsolvable .
But , they give you a good idea of how to behave in your day - to - day life .
That is , if you can say “ if we do assume there ’s a deity , he ’s probably like / this / , ” then you can follow with “ if he ’s like / this / , we should behave like / that / , in relation to him . ”
As a student of science , I think we have to concede that you ca n’t definitely answer the God question with 100 % certainty .
But , you / can / say that if someone created this whole universe , he probably does n’t care if I eat pork instead of beef .
So , I guess I would have to say that , though I ’m probably not willing to call myself an Atheist per se , I almost certainly behave like an Atheist , when it comes to specific activities related to spirituality .
Would you call yourself an agnostic ?
Probably , yes .
I only say probably because , if the blogs I ’ve seen are any indication , a lot of Atheist / Freethink / Humanist groups do n’t entirely agree on the meaning of terms .
I do n’t entirely like agnostic , because it etymologically means something like “ no knowledge . ”
I happen to think I have at least SOME knowledge about whether there ’s a god .
Or , I at least have knowledge as to , if there were a god , what he might be like .
Maybe someone should start calling people like me Mesognostics .
I know SOME , but not enough to conclusively rule out certain notions of divinity .
There has recently been a change of tone in the discourse surrounding religion , with the so - called New Atheists arriving on the scene and causing a stir .
One of these is PZ Myers of Pharyngula , who has featured your cartoons on a number of occasions .
What do you think about this ?
I enjoy watching debates featuring the so - called New Atheists , but I ’m not convinced that they ’re terribly productive .
I prefer the work done by people like Carl Sagan , Neil Tyson , and E.O. Wilson .
It ’s probably just personal preference , but I feel like passive approaches are often more effective when trying to reach out to people and change their beliefs .
Bill Cosby once said ( when critiqued for not dealing with race explicitly in his comedy ) that he thought he could help fight racism by getting people to enjoy his comedy albums before they realized he was black .
That is , a person who might be anti-black might hear his comedy , like it , later find out they were of different races , and then be moved to reconsider his viewpoint .
I think a similar thing might be said about Carl Sagan .
You read his books , see his shows , become convinced that he is smart and thoughtful , then find out he ’s an Atheist ; maybe then you start thinking , “ well , these non-believers may have a point .
” Although the three scientists I mentioned above would probably be considered atheists , it was n’t something that dominated their outlook .
They were / are all people who place public outreach first .
Although I probably agree with a lot of the views held by the New Atheists , I find their approach too scathing , and often more about being personally right than about getting people involved in the use of science and logic as ways of viewing the universe .
If you are a strong atheist and wish to shape the world to your view , your time would be much better spent teaching an after - school program about logic than going to atheist club meetings and posting about how stupid fundamentalists are .
That said , I always appreciate people using my comics in their blogs :) .
I have plenty of strips about religious / dogmatic absurdities , so it only makes sense that they ’d be of interest to people like Prof.
Myers .
I think he ’s an excellent blogger , though I do n’t always agree with his tactics .
That reminds me .
There ’s a joke I ’ve wanted to do for a while , but I figured it was too niche for most audiences .
But , I think you guys would appreciate it .
It goes like this : [ Note : this cartoon is a Freethinker exclusive ! ]
You are studying physics now , but your first degree was in literature .
Does the shift from humanities to science reflect a significant change in your way of thinking ?
Or is it just a way to better understand xkcd ?
🙂 My engineer brother thinks it ’s just so I can write science jokes and build my audience .
Personally , I ’ve always had an interest in both the sciences and the arts .
Getting a science degree is more a function of financial freedom than anything .
I have to read a lot to be able to write a lot , and studying physics seemed like a good way to go about it .
Why is God is portrayed in your comic as a big yellow disk ?
Mainly because it ’s easy to draw .
I think I was originally going for something like a halo , since I did n’t want to draw the typical beard - and - white - robes Abrahamic deity .
Your religious comics focus on Christianity .
What would you say to the accusation that you are “ picking a soft target ” and that “ you would n’t dare joke about Islam ” ?
I ’ve occasionally been accused of this .
In my defense , I ’ve taken some shots at Buddhism and Judaism as well .
The reason I stay away from Islam is that most of the people who would read my comic are not familiar with ANY particulars of it .
People at least have a vague notion of Christianity , Judaism , and Buddhism .
If I made a joke about a tenet of Islam , nobody would get it .
I also do n’t make jokes about Hindus or Chinese folk religion , both of which have followings on the order of billions .
When doing comics , especially single panel comics , you have to pick visual tropes that are quickly understood by your audience .
As it happens , my audience is very familiar with the verbal and visual language of Christianity .
So , there ’s just a lot more for me to work with there .
I want to say explicitly that avoiding Islam has nothing to do with the idiocy of the Danish cartoon censorship a few years back .
There are a number of webcomics ( see : Jesus and Mo ) that mock Islam and Mohammed on a daily basis , none of whose authors are in any great deal of trouble for it .
Can we expect religious themes to appear in your upcoming video sketch show ?
We are actually writing one now that I think your readers will like quite a bit .
Thank you , Zach .
We are looking forward to that .
Readers can keep an eye on developments at the SMBC - theater project here , and get their daily dose of SMBC here ( a word to the wise : if you see a red button , hover over it ! ) .
Here at e4Hats.com ...
There are plenty of unique ways to show your individual style , showcase your hobbies , or to let the world know who you are and what you care about .
Here at e4Hats.com , we offer thousands of stylish and comfortable hats , caps , graphic t- shirts and accessories to fit your style for this spring season .
You will find great deals on everything you need to get yourself situated with new spring fashion headwear .
e4Hats.com is a leading online provider of big size hats including ball caps , ivy hats , bucket hats and others available in sizes that fit up to 3XL .
Those people with big sized head no longer must worry about looking for a right hat for themselves and they now can find the perfect oversized Fall and Winter hats from our big size selection .
Moreover , we proudly provide professional digitizing and top embroidery services to fit your custom needs .
We create custom embroidery on our hats and caps .
New creative and trending designs , logos and phrases are being added daily to our great selection of embroidered design caps .
Over the years we have seen new trends in all the different styles of hats , caps and we definitely keep up with them which is why our customers keep coming back !
We do a lot and make sure that customers are happy with the product that they receive .
Each product is maintained and shipped carefully on our end ensuring that it comes to you the same way .
Twenty - five Romanians who were the victims of racist intimidation in Belfast left Northern Ireland today , with 75 others due to leave later this week .
The Stormont social development minister , Margaret Ritchie , confirmed earlier today that 100 of a group of 114 who had been targeted in racist attacks wanted to return to Romania .
Ritchie said only 14 of the Romanians subjected to the attacks – a family of seven and seven single men – had opted to remain in Belfast .
" I deeply regret that , but it is a matter of personal choice , " the SDLP minister said .
Ritchie added that the Romanians ' decision to leave " runs against our aims to build a shared future within Northern Ireland " .
She said funds from the Northern Ireland housing executive had been found to cover the cost of flying the 100 Romanians home .
Last week , the Romanian consul said his country had no plans to pay for the flights .
Meanwhile , the Belfast church in which the Romanians took shelter after the attacks has been vandalised .
Seven windows in the Belfast City church were smashed and the front door damaged in the attack , which happened overnight .
Police are examining footage from a community safety video camera that points directly towards the church .
They believe the vandals may have been caught on film .
The church 's pastor , Malcolm Morgan , said the building 's interior was covered in broken glass .
" I arrived this morning to find windows smashed at the front of our church and our main doorway smashed as well , " he said .
" Stones were lying scattered on the floor inside and outside , and ... broken glass was everywhere .
" It would be easy to conclude it was carried out by someone who did n't like our response to the Romanians , but that is only guesswork . "
He said the church had been " thrilled that we were able to respond to the Romanian situation ... these broken windows would n't have stopped us anyway " .
As forensic teams searched the area around the church , a member of the public interrupted an interview Morgan was giving to a local television station and handed him an envelope containg cash to go towards repair work .
Last week , the church , in the university area of the city , gave emergency shelter to 20 Romanian families who had been driven from their homes near Lisburn Road .
The families are now in a secret location in the city under armed police guard .
A 21 - year - old man will appear in a Belfast court later today charged with intimidation and threatening behaviour .
The charges are understood to be connected to the attacks on two south Belfast properties where Romanian families were living .
Two teenagers from the south of the city have already been charged in relation to the attacks .
Beyond Belfast , a Polish family with a four - year - old son have left their home in Moygashel , County Tyrone , after an attack on the building .
Bricks were thrown at the house and two cars vandalised in the attack , which happened early yesterday .
Stones and bricks were also thrown at a house occupied by a Lithuanian family in the same area .
My chickens are free to roam my garden , this is because when we used to have a little pen for them they either used to fly over the top or dig a hole under the fence .
So now we have dog , cat and chickens living in harmony .
At first we thought that the cat and the dog would end up eating them , but they seem , to be ok with them .
Well i say ok with them , the chickens normally gang up against my dog and end up pecking his nose when he is sniffing around them .
i suggest , if you are thinking of getting some hens , that you keep them them in a sealed off area , like a pen or a run .
around my area there are lots of fox 's , this is because i live in a forest ... well a small village in a forest .
Its all a bit over hyped , farms will go on about how they get foxes in the farms eating and just ripping their chickens to pieces , this sometimes happens but i have never had this situation .
they do n't seem to bother , i have had fox 's in my garden just walk past the chickens in the past , so really there is no need to kill it .
its just natural .
My hens live in an old shed about half way up the garden at the moment , this is because we are going to be building on the house so its just easier to move them around .
if your going to get 1 or 2 hens then the coups are the way to go .
They are small , comfortable and is strangely warm .
They range from different prices depending on what size you want .
You do n't want it to be to big or it will get cold and you do n't want it to be to small or they will start fighting .
I own GM stock .
If the company goes bankrupt can I claim a loss on my income taxes or do I have to sell it now for pennies to claim that loss ?
In order to take a tax deduction for a worthless security without having to sell first , the security must be considered entirely worthless .
A company 's stock does not necessarily become entirely worthless if they file for bankruptcy .
Under Federal bankruptcy laws a company can file for Chapter 7 or Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
If a company files under Chapter 7 , it means that the company ceases to operate and goes out of business .
The company 's assets will be sold and the proceeds generated from that liquidation will be used to pay back the company 's creditors and investors .
If the company files under Chapter 11 , which is what GM is expected to do today , it means that the company continues to operate on a daily basis and tries to reorganize its business with the goal of eventually emerging from bankruptcy as a profitable company .
A company 's stock may continue to have value and trade on a public stock exchange even though it is in bankruptcy .
Stocks that do not meet the requirements to be listed ( and thus traded ) on one of the major exchanges like the NYSE or the NASDAQ , may trade on other public exchanges like the OTC or the Pink Sheets .
Generally , if the company 's stock retains some value the only way to capture the loss and receive a tax deduction is to sell the stock and record the capital loss based on the cost basis of the shares you sold .
One of the most annoying threads to emerge from the whole NRL / Cronulla / Matt Johns / Clare / group sex / gang rape discussion a few weeks back was this whole idea that big , bulky , hyper - masculine football players bonding with their friends over group sex was somehow “ gay ” .
( HAHAHA !
Because being gay is lame , you know .
And girly !
And no one wants to be girly . )
In fact , if this article by Nicholas Syrett is anything to go by , it seems to be the opposite .
Syrett argues that the culture of sexual exploitation and assault associated with US fraternity culture ( and Australian football culture ) grew out of a historically specific to view any closeness or intimacy between men as indicative of latent ( or not - so - latent ) homosexuality .
Thus , men who reside within these cultures began to trade in agressive displays of heterosexuality .
Syrett writes :
because fraternities remain organizations made up exclusively of single men , organizations that choose to haze their initiates in explicitly homoerotic ways and that foster an intimacy among men not common in society more generally , they compensate for what might be perceived by outsiders as either feminine or gay behavior by enacting a masculinity that takes aggressive heterosexuality as one of its constitutive elements .
This often has adverse effects for the women with whom they interact .
In its milder forms , this might mean trying to date and bed as many women as possible .
( And , as Michael Kimmel notes in his excellent 2008 book , Guyland , making sure that those women you do date / bed are desired by your friends .
Lest you think this last , rather superficial point , is simply a “ guy thing ” , rest assured that women do it too , and have for as long as men have . )
In its more offensive forms , it means heavily discouraging ongoing relationships and privileging casual sex , throwing large parties designed to get women drunk and throw them off their guard ( making them more likely to have sex with you ) , and not paying attention when they say ( or indicate otherwise ) “ no ” .
But racking up the notches on the bedpost is n’t really about pleasure , or even internal self - esteem - it ’s about display .
That ’s why frat boys gossip about and monitor one another ’s “ conquests ” .
It also explains why , like their Australian NRL counterparts , they also sometimes like to watch or join in :
Some fraternity men take pleasure either in watching their brothers have sex with women or in being watched as they do so .
One brother interviewed by anthropologist Michael Moffatt for his book Coming of Age in New Jersey put it this way : “ When my friends pick up chicks and bring them back to the fraternity house everyone else runs to the window to look at somebody else domineer a girl and I tell you what you almost get the same satisfaction .
Some of the guys like to put on a show by doing grosser things each time … .
Watching my friends have sex with other girls is almost as satisfying as doing it myself … .
By the same token I enjoy conquering girls and having people watch . ”
Sound familiar ?
When the fourth of July rolls around , you ’re supposed to think of , I do n’t know , the Constitution and backyard cookouts like in old Chevy ads — but for me , it ’s really Gettysburg we ’re celebrating .
Greatest battle in American history .
THE battle , for me and millions of other war - nerd kids growing up on stories of Little Round Top , the fish - hook line , and what Ewell coulda shoulda woulda done at Cemetery Hill .
My grandfather from my mom ’s side , the more hardcore side of the family , used to mutter about “ that man ” who lost the war for us , “ us ” being the Confederacy , but he ’d never say a name , so I grew up with this real downer of a notion that there was some kind of traitor in the ranks so plain evil you could n’t say his name , like the bad wizard in those Potter movies .
Grandpa was wrong , I can say that now ;
Lee still could and should have won at Gettysburg by keeping to the rule he ’d used , the same one most effective American commanders have used , from Bunker Hill to New Orleans : stay on the offense strategically but take the defensive tactically , rely on firepower and protected positions , do n’t trade casualties with the enemy .
In other words , no Pickett ’s Charge .
Bleed ’em and leave ’em , make Meade follow you up a ridge somewhere a few miles down the road and blast him when those poor boys in blue come walking up the slope .
They say Lee had the runs , but to me the runs would make you retreat .
What he ended up doing was more like malaria , some fever : “ Why do n’t y’all take a walk about a mile through the cannonballs and see if you can occupy that heavily - fortified position up the slope , boys ? ”
They had a BBQ , all right .
Free grapeshot for everybody .
Not the smart way to use outnumbered elite troops .
If you were going to do Pickett ’s charge at all , the way would be —
God , I ’m going to get letters for this — to empty out the South ’s lunatic asylums and put grey body paint on the loonies , make them the first three ranks , have them advance at bayonet point and absorb some of the grape .
Of course once you start down that road , you know , the possibilities are endless .
Like , why not the old “ human shield ” technique ?
Lee had occupied a lot of Union land by that time , held the town — why not have a 3rd of July town outing , as in “ You Yankee ladies git out thar in fronta us and tell your boyfriends in blue not to shoot at y’all so we can survive till we ’re in bayonetin ’ range . ”
The reason they did n’t do that is simple : they did n’t play by those rules .
This ai n’t Liberia or Chechnya , and thank god for that .
You know how many civilians were killed in the whole battle of Gettysburg ?
One .
I dare anybody from any other country anywhere , any time , to find me a battle with over 50,000 military casualties — and one civvies died .
One !
It ’s incredible .
People do n’t realize how amazing that is .
Those were supermen , there ’s no other explanation .
You read their letters and they write in complete sentences , they even have great handwriting , even the paragraphs work .
I ca n’t honestly imagine fighting that way .
Read too much about modern guerrilla war , I guess , but the only commanders I really understand down in my bones are Sherman , Quantrill and Forrest .
Totally different species .
Sherman was n’t even that good at classic battle - management like Lee or Jackson .
Was n’t his thing .
What he did was strategic bombing , Curtis Le May before there was an air force .
Bombing at ground level .
Le May would ’ve understood Sherman , and so would the Mongols .
Nkunda would instantly understand Forrest .
And Quantrill — he ’s the universal language , everybody in the rest of the filthy world would get him .
William T. Sherman : A Crazier And Cooler Curtis Le May
But those were n’t the men who fought at Gettysburg .
The fight at Gettysburg was the cleanest , finest fight ever in the world .
That ’s why I grew up just staring for like hours in hot afternoons in my room at those paintings .
You know the Gettysburg paintings I mean ?
If you do , you probably know them the way I did before I started looking up stuff for this article : you know the paintings by heart but do n’t much know or care who made them .
As a kid I bet I could ’ve drawn a decent replica of my favorite , the one with rebs and Yankees fighting hand - to - hand along a rail fence .
I remember how the guy who painted it imagined the moment when the first line absorbs and infantry charge , the perfect way the main body of the attack is already sweeping past with the stars and bars high , but some of the Fed defenders have survived and a fraction of the Rebel attackers has to stop to deal with them , mop up .
Every single hand - to - hand combat is so perfect .
I remember there ’s one doomed Union soldier fighting with his fists , rifle and bayonet gone , holding off a reb who ’s trying to brain him with a gun butt .
Another is skewering a confederate who ’s just jumped to the top of the fence — I always liked that one , the idea of one tiny little success in a doomed fight ; how would you feel if you just killed your first reb and looked around and realized your line had crumpled , the way so many Union lines did under attack in the first years of the war , and you were only going to get a few seconds to enjoy your win before you were shot or bayoneted or if you were lucky , sent down to Andersonville to die slow , starved to death by your own ex-comrades , who ’d been turned into snarling stray dogs by starvation ?
That ’d be a weird feeling , like being one of the few good soldiers in the Italian army , a kind of lonely , strategically insignificant bravery .
( There were brave Italian units , by the way — a lot of them in WWI , and even a few in WW II , like the Alpini and Bersaglieri , the ones who fought the Brits in Eritrea for example ) .
You could spend all day in those paintings .
All the matchups , bayonet on rifle butt on fist on pistol on cannon , all the ways you could die and kill in the finest battle in history .
There were other battles I liked the paintings of , like Custer ’s Last Stand , but you get a little older and the teacher makes you read Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee and you ca n’t be as thrilled at how cool Custer looks with his hat off , drawing a bead with that long revolver in the middle of a pile of dead pincushion horse soldiers .
Custer was on the wrong side , the way the teacher told it .
I know better than that now too , of course ; there ai n’t no better side in a war of extermination , and both sides in the Indian Wars knew damn well that ’s what was going on .
One was just a lot bigger and better - armed , and there was only one way it could end .
And other battles too , like Jackson at New Orleans , there ’s always some nagging social - studies thing to pick at , “ What about the slaves ? ” to bring you down .
But not Gettysburg .
The more you know about it , the finer , cleaner , more goddamn magnificent it was .
One civilian killed , by accident at that , while she was working in the kitchen , a stray bullet .
Just the two finest armies in the world — Europeans still do n’t understand that either of those armies could have marched unstoppable from Liverpool to Moscow , a red - white - n - blue knife through moldy Euro - butter .
( I ’m not saying they coulda GOT to Liverpool , because the Royal Navy was the only military force that really did have a chance of stopping them . )
As a kid I never knew where those paintings came from .
No , that ’s wrong .
I knew exactly where they came from : from those Bruce Catton books I soaked up instead of doing my homework or “ going out and playing . ”
I was always getting that : “ It ’s a beautiful day , do n’t just sit around reading ! ”
Well it was n’t a beautiful day , it was hot , for one thing .
And I was n’t reading .
I was looking at those paintings .
Parents caught creating a future war - nerd
How did anybody ever get dumb enough to think that a few splatters on a canvas in a museum is art when you ’ve got the paintings of Gettysburg to live up to ?
Hell , maybe that ’s why art dissolved into dumb frat pranks like the abstract shit : because they could n’t live up to the Gettysburg paintings , just like we are n’t fit to shine the busted brogans of the men who fought at Little Round Top , so we get all ironic and shit , because we ca n’t live up to them .
You look at these battle paintings and you see the artists were so into the story , what was actually going on , they did n’t worry about their fucking “ style ” or blurring everything up so the cool critics would think they were edgy .
They painted as well as they could , so you could get a clear picture of what was happening .
When people stopped doing that and started painting blurry and bad on purpose , that was when things went to Hell .
In the battle paintings you ’re just there , on the field ; you ’re not thinking about the damn artist and his little ideas .
You ’re there , fighting for your life as the rebel flag sweeps by ( just to spite my grandpa , I always imagined myself as a Union guy ) .
And that ’s where it really gets painful , a guy like me at Gettysburg .
Oh , I ’d hold the line , it would n’t be anything as simple as turning tail .
But just imagine it , pushing the glasses up on my pig nose with the fat - sweat running down , dying of thirst —
Pennsylvania in July — big belly bouncing along going “ Ow ow ow ” with the blisters on my flat feet .
Actually you do n’t have to use your imagination .
Just take a close slo - mo look on your DVD player when you rent that movie Gettysburg from 1993 .
Look at the extras from the reenactment societies , especially the rebs who break through the rail fence to storm Buford ’s skirmish line , and you ’ll see bellies wobbling out of their long johns like mine would .
I do n’t mean to make fun of anybody here except maybe myself ; we ’re fat because that ’s how our lives are , and they were thin because they marched all day on next to nothing .
But it still adds up to we ’re gross and weak , and not fit to call ourselves their descendants .
Like people like to say , it is what it is , and it ai n’t pretty .
Just try imagining yourself advancing in formation with these rail - skinny real men either side .
Not Hollywood thin , cocaine thin , but sleeping outdoors on weevil - biscuit rations for years thin , working all day on the farm from the time you could walk thin , men who meant every goddamn word , to the death , more serious than any grandpa you ever had and probably funnier too , when they had a second by the campfire , nineteen going on sixty .
And you know what breaks my heart ?
I ca n’t even find that painting on google now .
I did a Google Image search for “ Gettysburg painting ” and most of them seem to be captures from the Gettysburg cyclorama , which sounds great but none of the close - ups are exactly the painting I used to have in the Civil War books I had .
It seems to be gone .
I do n’t believe in much but I do believe in Google .
If it does n’t show up in the first ten pages of a Google Image search , it ’s as gone as the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
And I could n’t find my painting in those ten pages .
And to me , maybe I ’m superstitious , but to me that ’s a real bad omen .
I had long been intrigued by the “ Dark Side of the Rainbow ” phenomenon , in which one can sync up Pink Floyd ’s “ Dark Side of the Moon ” with “ The Wizard of Oz ” and achieve some very interesting results .
The decades - old debate , of course , is whether or not Pink floyd had actually made a conscious effort to match up their album with the classic film .
My personal view is that , though I would like to believe that the sync - up was intentional , the technology was far too primitive in 1973 to pull off that kind of feat , and that ultimately what you are watching is an elaborate string of coincidences .
It would appear at first glance that there could never be a movie / album combination that could match up nearly as well , coincidental or not .
You might even throw all of your CDs and DVDs in the garbage in desperation .
But fear not , America .
For I am a genius .
Here was my thought process .
“ Pink Floyd have recorded other complex concept albums since Dark Side .
The Wall was one of those albums .
There are movies in existence with a name similar to The Wall .
Like WALL -E. I own The Wall !
I own WALL-E !
I will force my roommates to watch this in its entirety to verify my hypothesis . ”
And guess what ?
The match is nearly perfect .
Almost to the point that you ’d have to seriously wonder if the folks at Pixar had this combo in their noggins all along , just waiting to be discovered .
By Tinz .
Do n’t believe me ?
I ’ll show you how to sync up Another Brick In the WALL -E for yourselves .
And as a bonus , I ’ll show you the first few minutes to get you salivatin’ for more !
What ’s that ?
The sound and picture quality are lousy ?
Then try it for yourselves .
NOTE : The use of copyrighted materials in this post is for discussion purposes only .
If you are a member of the RIAA or the MPAA and feel that this is not a justifiable discussion , please send all C&D orders to info [ at ] octavarius [ dot ] com .
But before you send anything , consider two things :
Most comments across the web related to this post have been about renting / buying the copyrighted materials to try this out themselves .
It ’s supposed to be fun .
You do n’t hate fun , do you ?
Thanks .
Each week Joshua Bousel drops by with a recipe for you to grill over the weekend .
Fire it up , Joshua !
I have yet to jump on the banh mi bandwagon , but my fiancée has been all over them .
She 's been singing the praises of the banh mi so much , that I felt it was my obligation to try them , so we can we ride this food craze together .
Having made a Vietnamese grilled pork not too long ago , I was looking for a different filling option .
I came across this recipe for Vietnamese grilled meatballs that was just calling to me .
I loved that this recipe had me mixing pork fat and sliced pork loin together in a food processor , along with the flavors I loved so much from my previous Vietnamese venture .
This produced a very pleasing , fine - textured meatball with the great taste I was expecting — but the meatball was n't what I set out to experience .
When I added these already delectable meatballs to a baguette , and stuffed in some pickled carrots and daikons along with a big bunch of cliantro , it was like being in flavor nirvana .
The vegetables added a crunch and acidity that matched perfectly with the fish sauce flavored meat ; and throw that much cilantro on anything , and I 'm sold .
Since I was the newbie , I had to turn to my fiancée and ask if these were the correct flavors of the banh mis she loves so much — to which she gave a big nod of approval , then promptly got up to fix herself a second sandwich .
Grilled Vietnamese Meatball Banh Mis
MAYRHOFEN IM ZILLERTAL , Austria 
As rider after rider crossed the finish line at the Giro d’Italia on Thursday , Lance Armstrong was nowhere to be found .
He finally arrived , in 73rd place , with the other mortals who would not stand atop the podium or become soaked with Champagne after the sixth stage of the three - week race .
Although Armstrong slipped to 25th place from 22nd over all , he began the day with a message for his many starry - eyed fans .
“ People have to step back and realize that not every race is like the Tour de France , ” he said while preparing in Bressanone , Italy , for the day ’s journey into Austria .
“ I have n’t been at every race in the front .
During my career , I did n’t win every bike race by seven minutes .
It ’s important to keep it in perspective . ”
Michele Scarponi of Italy won the 154 - mile stage , which took nearly six hours to finish .
He raced ahead of the peloton in a breakaway , zooming through land reminiscent of “ The Sound of Music . ”
He passed rolling hills , snow - covered mountains and cows wearing copper bells .
The scent of farm animals drifted through the air .
A little under a year ago in this very newspaper I reviewed the Apple iPhone 3G and its new firmware release : " Now that the Applications store is up and running , " I wrote , " you will soon find it a very common sight indeed to see people crowded around each other 's iPhones showing off the latest impossible , breathtaking and ground - breaking application .
' Ah , but mine can do this ! ' will be heard in every cafe and bar .
Satirical sketches will be written and performed on Channel 4 mocking the trend .
Once again Apple has changed the rules and nothing will be ever be quite the same again . "
It is very rare for any prophetic utterance of mine to bear fruit , but in this case it seems I was bang on the money .
On 11 July 2008 the Apple iTunes App Store opened its virtual doors and the world changed .
The diversity , originality and imagination that has since gone into the authoring of apps has created , from the standingest of starts , a whole new business model , and one that benefits cottage industry amateurs quite as much as established software houses .
With over 50,000 apps and more than 1bn downloads , it is hardly surprising that Blackberry , Nokia , Microsoft and Google have all now jumped on the app emporium bandwagon .
Apple has shown that a mobile phone can be a pedometer , a restaurant guide ( one which can make the reservation , direct you there and let you know which kinds of sustainable seafood you can order with a clear conscience ) , an ensemble of musical instruments that can be blown down , tapped and strummed , a library , a periodic table , a performer of magic tricks , a translator , a Skype phone , a Twitter client , a radio , a games platform and a device that can set your home satellite TV to record any programme you like wherever you are in the world .
Not to mention a fart machine and ­perpetrator of other mad , pointless and preposterous one - time - use pranks , japes and wheezes .
Now that the ­others are all playing catch - up , it is easy to forget what a risk Apple took in creating a market out of nowhere .
There were shortcomings with 2008 's iPhone 3G and its software .
" No text manipulation ( not even basic cut and paste ) , " I moaned last July , " no Flash plug-ins for the browser , no video recording , no voice memos . "
This week the 3.0 firmware was released .
It runs on the new 3GS iPhone , last year 's 3G , the original 2G and the iPod Touch and has addressed many user demands , although not the provision of Flash , which Apple has its own reasons for disbarring from the iPhone : Flash provides a back door through which developers could smuggle in unauthorised apps and Apple ( for good reasons and bad ) is allergic to the word " unauthorised " .
An excellently ­intuitive cut and paste functionality is at last present ( with a cute and ­unheralded " shake to undo " feature ) , there are noticeably increased browser rendering speeds , global search , voice notes , better autocorrect glossary learning ( non-editable ­however ) , tethering ( allowing you to use your 3G or 3GS as a modem ) and MMS .
That 's right , MMS – Apple had never seemed very interested in Multimedia Messaging Service , dismissing it as a vestigial or " legacy " service .
" Why pay to send pictures and video , " Apple 's chief , Steve Jobs , asked , " when you can send them for free by email ? "
Apple has relented and sweetly smooth MMS implementation is now available .
Whether current iPhone users choose to upgrade their phones or not , they should certainly upgrade their firmware – 3.0 makes a real difference in speed , function and performance .
All of the above features and additions and more are possible on your original iPhone , but what about the new model – the 3GS ?
Well , the " S " stands for speed and plenty of extra zip is delivered ­courtesy of the ARM Cortex - A8 processor and PowerVR SGX GPU ( rated seven times faster than the MBX Lite graphics processor found in previous models ) as well as 256MB of DDR RAM .
Apps open much faster , everything is smoother and sprightlier than ever before .
Using a 3G and 3GS side by side the difference is very noticeable indeed .
As with turning left on entering an aeroplane , the experience is spoilingly good .
Aside from the very welcome sight of " 32GB " printed in silver on the back , the 3GS is identical in appearance , whether in black or white , to its progenitor .
A relief that we wo n't be having to fork out on a whole new raft of sleeves , covers and other accessories .
A 3 - megapixel camera with well integrated focus and exposure features allows for really excellent stills and good quality video recording .
An intuitive trim tool will help with the uploading of video footage directly over the air to YouTube , MobileMe , email or MMS .
The 3GS also contains a digital compass or magnetometer .
Used in conjunction with GPS , Wi-Fi and cellular positioning your iPhone now knows exactly where it is and which way it is facing .
This allows the fascinating possibility of tour guide uses ( " you are now looking at the west door of St Paul 's Cathedral " ) and other applications ( fully featured turn - by - turn SatNav , for example ) that will doubtless astonish us in the months to come .
Voice Control is as simple as can be imagined : " Play songs by The Incredible String Band " you say and sure enough it does .
" Play more like this " you add , and an on - the - fly Genius list is assembled .
" Call Steve Jobs , office " you demand , and it 's done .
" What song is this ? " you wonder and are told ( in a slightly prunes and prism English accent ) that it is " Rhinocratic Oaths by the Bonzo Dog Band " or whatever it might be .
All this can be done straight into the device or by way of the new earphones that come with it .
Look out too for future peripheral devices that can control or be controlled by the iPhone , thanks to the now addressable dock connector API .
Another less trumpeted but typically thoughtful innovation is the addition of an oleophobic coating to the touchscreen that repels greasy smeary fingermarks .
Nice touch , Apple .
Literally .
In short , the 3GS is triumphantly the product of a company at the absolute top of its game , their best device yet .
If it were a BMW car it would be badged as the " M " version .
Power and performance can be considered a luxury until you try them and realise how much more functionality , ease of use and productivity they can deliver .
Cost is a whole other issue : if you already have an iPhone3G you may find an upgrade expensive .
Could be worth waiting to see what deals emerge over the next month or so .
The more people who do wait , the more pressure there will be on O2 to lower prices .
I know I can sound like an unquestioning Apple fanboy , but believe me when I say that I do n't want them to have it all their own way .
I want to see real competition and biodiversity in the smartphone world .
For the moment however , no one can deny that with the iPhone 3GS the gold standard has been set .
© Stephen Fry 2009
Do n't make me do this again
There 's a reason skeptics say that any climate pact without China is pointless .
China is a profilgate polluter using inefficient technology .
Here 's the AP 's take on a Greenpeace report about China 's power plants :
AP - BEIJING — China 's three largest energy suppliers emitted more greenhouse gases than all of Britain last year , environmental watchdog Greenpeace China said in a report issued Tuesday .
The report reflects the heavy reliance on coal that is hampering China 's efforts to tackle climate change .
The country 's 10 largest power companies supply nearly 60 percent of China 's energy .
They burned a fifth of all of China 's coal in 2008 and emitted about 1.44 billion tons of carbon dioxide , which contributes to global warming , the report said .
The three biggest companies — China Huaneng Group , China Datang Corp. and China Guodian Corp. — produced more greenhouse gases than Britain in 2008 , according to the report , titled " Polluting Power : Ranking China 's Biggest Power Companies . "
All three state - owned companies have also been warned in recent years by China 's environmental protection agency as having " severe violations " of environmental safeguards .
While China 's per capita emissions remain far below those of developed countries , China as a whole has already surpassed the United States to become the world 's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases .
The two countries account for 40 percent of the world 's total emissions .
" China 's power companies are not only the key coal consumer but also the major carbon dioxide emitter , " Yang Ailun , Greenpeace China climate campaign manager , said in the report .
Greenpeace China urged China to impose on power companies an energy tax and an environmental tax on coal .
It also urged China to double its target of getting its power from renewable energy to 30 percent by 2020 .
China has made some progress .
Over the past 3 1/2 years , it closed down inefficient coal - fired plants that produced 54.07 gigawatts of energy , equal to Australia 's total power capacity , the report said .
Both China and the U.S. are looking for ways to cooperate on addressing the issue of climate change in preparation for UN - led talks in Copenhagen at the end of the year , which will seek to forge a framework for a global climate change treaty .
Copyright © 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
Combat 18 's message , broadcast by text and email all over Northern Ireland last week , was hate - filled and menacing :
" Romanian gypsies beware beware
" Loyalist C18 are coming to beat you like a baiting bear
" Stay out of South Belfast and stay out of sight
" And then youse will be alright
" Get the boat and do n't come back
" There is no black in the Union Jack
" Loyalist C18 ' whatever it takes ' . "
The rhyming racist warning has been picked up on mobile phones and computers across loyalist areas of the north of Ireland since the start of last week when the province hit the world headlines again for all the wrong reasons .
This weekend 110 Romanians , including many small children , some as young as six weeks , are under armed police guard at a secret location in Belfast .
Seven days ago the 20 families were driven out of several properties on the edge of the city 's university district , victims of a racist gang which repeatedly attacked their homes over a number of days .
Many of the immigrants , almost all exclusively from the Roma community , have said they want to return home rather than stay in a city being branded as the racist capital of Europe .
The three - storey houses off the Lisburn Road where the Romanians lived , with one family of 18 staying on a single floor , were empty on Friday afternoon .
Windows were boarded up in one of the houses on Belgravia Avenue while across the road , closer to Queen 's University on Wellesley Avenue , there were still signs on the doors and windows of the attacks that drove them out .
On Friday evening , in nearby Donegall Avenue , police officers were raiding three homes , in the " Village " , a working - class loyalist district wedged between the edge of the university and the M1 motorway .
A 15 - year - old and a 16 - year - old were last night charged with provocative conduct , while the 15 - year - old was also charged with intimidation of the Romanian families .
Others have gone into hiding as the Police Service of Northern Ireland comes under pressure to erase what the city 's lord mayor , Naomi Long , has called the " stain of shame " over Belfast .
The " Village " , with its long rows of Victorian terraced houses running down towards Windsor Park stadium , home of the Northern Ireland football team , has been for some time the pressure point for racism in the province .
In April , 46 Polish nationals fled from their homes after a series of co-ordinated attacks .
The orgy of violence was carried out by a gang of loyalist youths in retaliation for the behaviour of Polish football hooligans who started a riot outside Windsor Park before the Northern Ireland - Poland World Cup clash , which the home side won 3 - 2 .
Since the middle of the decade , foreign nationals from across the world who have moved into the area have been the target of racists .
First , it was the Chinese whose homes were attacked , then the Poles and Slovakians , and latterly the Roma .
At the end of 2004 there were an estimated 453 race hate crimes a year reported to the PSNI across Northern Ireland ; in the past 12 months that figure has risen to 1,000 .
There are plenty of people in the " Village " who , while condemning violence , are openly hostile to immigrants .
One middle - aged woman in Olympia Drive , at the back of Windsor Park , who refused to give her name , complained that there were too many foreigners in her area .
" It was terrible putting wee children in danger , but they [ the Romanians ] are living on top of each other .
They 're begging outside shops and banks .
They send their kids out to sell roses outside bars at night .
They should n't be allowed to use their kids like that .
They should n't even be allowed into the country because they do n't want to work , " she said .
Even along the prosperous Lisburn Road , with its restaurants , art galleries , organic cafes and boutiques , attitudes towards the Roma immigrants are negative ; it is not difficult to find people who openly admit they do not like the eastern Europeans in their midst .
Dressed in a dark business suit , Derek Orr said he was " sick and tired " of the Roma .
" You can't walk into a bank or shop on this road without a Romanian woman shoving a copy of the Big Issue under your nose or begging you for money .
I do n't mind the Poles and the Slovakians who come here .
They work hard , harder than indigenous people from here , but all you see now are these Romanians begging and mooching about .
We 'd all be better off - them and us - if they went back to Romania or somewhere else in Europe , " he said .
Even in the most deprived Protestant working - class redoubts , the far right remains electorally irrelevant .
Nonetheless , neo - Nazi micro-groups have been trying to exploit the upsurge in racist violence .
One is the Ulster British People 's party ( UBPP ) , which is linked to a breakaway faction of the British National party .
Following the campaign of vandalism and intimidation of the Roma families , the UBPP has bragged about further racially motivated violence ahead .
" The latest attack on Romanian immigrants in Belfast serves as evidence that the previous incidents were not isolated ones , " the fascist group warned this weekend .
" It remains clear that the local population of Belfast are deeply disconcerted by the mass influx of immigrants , and by the looks of things , there will be more attacks to come unless something is done about the situation . "
Anna
Lo is the only parliamentarian in the UK from the Chinese community , and represents South Belfast in the Northern Ireland assembly .
Originally from Hong Kong ,
Lo has experienced racism herself through the years but adds that it has intensified with the end of the Troubles .
" I recall Combat 18 stickers being left on the walls of Chinese takeaways on the Donegall Road .
Every ethnic minority has been targeted in this corner of south Belfast over the past 10 years , " she said .
On Friday evening , Lo visited the Roma families and said they were determined to leave Northern Ireland after their ordeal : " They were a bit upset after the Romanian consul talked to them , because he told them there was no money to bring them all home .
They all still want to go home . "
Lo said several of the children are ill and one man on Friday had to be treated for chest pains by a doctor sent from a local hospital .
" The men have all lost their jobs .
Most of them used to sell the Belfast Telegraph [ the city 's evening paper ] at roundabouts and traffic islands around Belfast .
They tell me there is no future for them here any longer . "
Although those behind this latest outbreak of racist violence are not being directed by any loyalist paramilitary group , their actions last week took the world 's focus away from what is a positive , developing story within Ulster loyalism .
All three main loyalist paramilitary movements have begun decommissioning their illegal weapons , and in the case of the Ulster Volunteer Force have put what has been described as a " significant quantity of arms " beyond use .
The development , another major boost for Northern Ireland 's power - sharing project , was eclipsed by the pictures of Roma families fleeing for sanctuary like refugees from a war zone , first into a Belfast church and later to a sports arena .
The fear within the loyalist paramilitary leaderships is that , as they leave the scene , a vacuum within their communities could be filled by the far right .
" We have a job on our hands now persuading an entire generation that grew up looking up to men who took up arms for the loyalist cause that violence is not the answer , " one senior UDA member told the Observer yesterday .
" I do n't believe this gang behind these latest attacks are that well organised , but the danger from now on is that these teenagers and young people could be manipulated and used by these neo -Nazi groups who are trying to organise in Ulster . "
Taking time off from negotiations with the British government about moves by the UDA to disarm , the loyalist leader said he believed the gang were " copycat racists " who were adopting Combat 18 's name to instil fear into the immigrant community .
" They [ the BNP , UBPP and other neo - Nazi parties ] have been stirring things up at time when the loyalist groups are trying to transform our communities , " he added .
Yesterday afternoon hundreds gathered in Belfast city centre to protest against the attacks on the Roma and demonstrate another side to Northern Ireland to the world .
Those marching included Paddy Meehan , a neighbour of the Roma families who helped them to move and has since been told by police that his own house will be targeted by the same gang .
Meehan fled his home after the police picked up another text message doing the rounds among racist groups and their supporters in Belfast .
It warned that the anti-racist campaigner would " come to a real fire ... Paddy Meehan you 're next " .
Community leaders , the police and even loyalist paramilitaries said this weekend that the small hardcore group of racists who carried out the attacks are oblivious to the shame they have brought on their city .
For the text messagers and emailers boasting of Combat 18 connections , the yearning of the Roma in hiding to return home must now seem like some kind of perverse victory .
From the GOP's National Council for a New America town hall meeting with Jeb Bush , Eric Cantor and Mitt Romney .
The questioner has obviously been listening to too much Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity .
He managed to cram in almost every right wing anti-Obama talking point that 's out there in a matter of just a minute or so .
He also apparently thinks that listening to right wing radio is a substitute for ... going to school .
Q : I have another question on education and kind of to disagree with what you said Gov. Bush .
I really think the past is important and I think we do emphasize science and math over liberal arts like history and I 'm looking at Barack Obama who is basically the hippie flower child of Saul Alinsky who 's a long dead hippie .
And I guess like , yes math and science are important but what does it matter if you have highly productive people who , because they have no grasp of what 's happened in the past , they 're willing to let people who are going to create a marginal tax rate of 60 or 70 % , I mean they 're , is it surprising that Barack Obama was elected and he goes around apologizing in every country he goes to , when people are spoon fed years in high school and college of anti-American history ?
I mean quite honestly I think people learn more from listening to Rush Limbaugh 's show than they do in high school and college .
And do you have a response ?
Bush :
Well the context that I was talking about the past was really candidates running for office that have a kind of a nostalgic view of the world .
That 's a perilous thing and I think to President Obama , candidate Obama 's credit he waged a 2008 campaign that was relevant for people 's aspirations whether you agree with him or not .
It was not a look back .
It was a look forward and so our ideas need to be forward looking and relevant .
I felt like there was a lot of nostalgia for the good old days in the messaging and , you know , it 's great , it does n't draw people towards your cause .
[....]
I do agree with you that just as it's important to have a civil debate , a dialog about issues , it 's okay to talk about history as well and in fact if you have n't read the book about the times that are going on now the best book to read about what 's happening now is probably The Forgotten Man by Amity Shlaes which describes how the government tried to deal with the Depression .
And to get to this point of tinkering and challenging and changing and creating so much uncertainty that it created a void that only government could fill and the private sector froze in place and it prolonged the Depression .
And I think there is a lesson in history in that regard .
I love how these history revisionists always want to have a " civil " debate about topics where they 're just dead wrong .
Here 's how CNN reported in this : Republicans kick off campaign to shine party image .
Three prominent GOP leaders kicked off a campaign Saturday to reshape their party 's image , gathering at a restaurant in northern Virginia for the first of a series of town hall meetings .
The goal of the initiative , called the National Council for a New America , is to connect Republican leaders with voters across the country to help get the party 's electoral fortunes back on track .
" Certainly our party has taken its licks the last few cycles , but that 's why we 're here , " House Minority Whip Eric Cantor said Saturday .
" The reality is , the prescriptions coming out of Washington right now are not reflective of the mainstream of this country . "
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said it 's time for Republicans " to listen a little bit , learn a little bit . "
He advised Republicans to work on the party 's message and " not be so nostalgic . "
" I would say you can't beat something with nothing .
The other side has something .
I do n't like it , but they have it , " said Bush , who praised President Obama 's tactical approach to politics and commended his 2008 campaign as " forward - looking . "
They forgot to mention the guy who said we could learn more from listening to Rush Limbaugh than we could in high school and college being told to read Amity Shlaes by Gov. Bush .
I wonder how the press would have handled this had the shoes been reversed .
Let 's say this was a Democratic town hall .
And let 's say the questioner said that you could learn more by listening to Air America than you could by going to high school and college .
Then the response does not challenge or address at all the questioners statement and instead is to go read Noam Chomsky to learn more about history .
Does anyone else here think that if that happened they'd have been cutting in with " Breaking News ! !!! " .
Democrats say you can learn more by listening to Air America than you can in school !!!
Flashing headlines .
Days on end of asking every Democrat they can get on the air if they agree with what the person said .
A Republican says something this ridiculous about Rush Limbaugh and they are n't challenged by our ex-President 's brother ... not a peep .
Did n't even mention it in their article on line .
As to Bush 's history revisionism in recommending Amity Shlaes , from Oliver Willis : Amity Shlaes “ The Forgotten Man ” Is A Farce .
Johnathan Chait nails it Now here is the extremely strange thing about The Forgotten Man : it does not really argue that the New Deal failed .
In fact , Shlaes does not make any actual argument at all , though she does venture some bold claims , which she both fails to substantiate and contradicts elsewhere .
Reviewing her book in The New York Times , David Leonhardt noted that Shlaes makes her arguments ‘ mostly by implication . ’
This is putting it kindly .
Shlaes introduces the book by asserting her thesis , but she barely even tries to demonstrate it .
Instead she chooses to fill nearly four hundred pages with stories that mostly go nowhere .
The experience of reading The Forgotten Man is more like talking to an old person who lived through the Depression than it is like reading an actual history of the Depression .
Major events get cursory treatment while minor characters , such as an idiosyncratic black preacher or the founder of Alcoholics Anonymous , receive lengthy portraits .
Having been prepared for a revisionist argument against the New Deal , I kept wondering if I had picked up the wrong book .
Here you have it folks .
The " new " face of the Republican party .
Jeb Bush , Eric Cantor and Mittens having town halls with ditto heads to get their ideas on how to save the party .
Good luck with that guys .
The audience clapped after the ditto head asked his question .
Reminds me of those book burners at the tea bag parties .
I 'm sure we 're going to have many more of these moments to come as they continue this tour and come face to face with the extremists in their party attending them .
Pass the popcorn folks .
The Real World , the old reality show battleaxe in a mesh top from Strawberry still yelling " Who wants a body shot ? " at the end of the television bar , has for several seasons now given MTV viewers a close approximation of what it 's like to stop being polite and live inside a Senor Frog's .
Now , the show is dropping the approximation and basically filming eight strangers as they live inside a Senor Frog's .
That 's right , in its 22nd season , MTV has said , " Fuck it .
Let 's do Real World : Cancun . "
The trailer is about what you 'd expect from The Real World : Cancun — discussions of Mad Men , nightly readings of the poems of Louise Gluck , purpose — but watching it , you get the feeling that these 8 strangers were born to one day be on a reality show .
The main reason you get that feeling ?
Their names .
Sure , there are a couple of normal , non-future - terrible - reality - show - cast - member names , like Joey and Jasmine .
But the parents of some of these people clearly held their tiny helpless baby in their arms and said , " She 's gonna be on The Real World some day .
Yes she is ! "
And so they gave their baby a ridiculous name , and thus her future was sealed .
Advertisement
In general , predestined reality show cast member names fall into four catagories :
1. Close .
These are names that are thisclose to being acceptable names for human beings .
For example :
Advertisement
Almost there , Emilee 's parents .
If you had gone with a " y " instead of a " ee " she might not be heading off to yet another foam party in Cancun while an MTV production crew follows .
This category can also include names that just feel wrong , such as :
Advertisement
Maybe they were going for a creative female version of John ?
Or a vowel - tweaked " Jenna " ?
Either way , " Jonna " will look very good scribbled across the bottom of a screen during Real World / Road Rules Challenge : The Cramazing Duel V .
2. That 's Not A Name It 's A ______
For example :
Advertisement
Bronne ?
That 's not a name it 's a toilet paper manufacturing company .
or
Bronne ?
That 's not a name it 's a city in the Ukraine .
Also in this category : London from America 's Next Top Model Cycle 12
( That 's not a name , it 's the capital of England ) , Suede from Project Runway Season 5 ( That 's not a name it 's a fabric / cheap way to make yourself sound more colorful than you actually are ) , and Spike from Top Chef 3 ( That 's not a name , it 's what I want to drive through my eye whenever I see you in that hat ) .
Advertisement
3. Colorful ( or nonsensical ) Abbreviations
The Real World Cancun does n't have one of these , but possibly that 's because Hell 's Kitchen 5 took all the good ( i.e. confusing ) abbreviations .
For example :
Advertisement
Coi ?
That has to be short for something .
Then there 's
Advertisement
Sure .
Fine .
People call you " La . "
Whatever you think makes you sound edgy .
But my favorite is :
Advertisement
J. One letter .
He should change his name to " No just the letter J. " because I 'm sure he has to say it all the time .
4. Art
The predestined reality show cast member names in this category can't be explained .
They can't be understood .
They should just be appreciated for the works of art that they are .
Advertisement
From The Real World : Cancun :
Advertisement
Three " i "s .
In a row .
Who 's a reality show cast member now ?
( Answer : obviously Ayiiia )
But even Ayiiia can't beat the best reality show cast member name in the history of the genre .
A name so incredible it could fit in three of these categories .
From America's Next Top Model , Cycle 9 :
JT Klopcic could not believe his eyes .
It was supposed to be a simple assignment .
The length of some data field was changing , so he needed to walk through the import process and make sure that all the associated data sizes would accommodate the new length .
JT was unfamiliar with the process , so he took a look at the import file .
Thankfully , it was all well - formed XML .
This should be rather easy , he thought .
And then he stumbled over this :
// parse the XML data file if ( File. Exists ( StdFileName ) ) { // opens file for header data extraction .
_sr = new StreamReader ( StdFileName ) ; FindHeaderString ( _sr ) ; // First line oHeader .
FixABC = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 11 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .
FixDEF = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 19 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader.XYZ = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 26 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .
PDQs = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 33 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .
ChkIn = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 41 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader.DblFix = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 49 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader.DblUnload = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 57 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .DblLoad = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 65 , 6 ) ) ; // Reads the next line and find the header string .
if (( m_Textline = _sr.ReadLine ( ) ) != null ) { FindHeaderString( _sr ) ; // 2nd line oHeader.DelAdj = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 73 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .
PSPPerSt = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 82 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .
PSPPerPk = Convert.ToDouble ( m_Textline .
Substring ( 91 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .
PSPPerPg = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 100 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .
PSPPerSetup = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 108 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader.OffProp = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 117 , 6 ) ) ; oHeader .OnProp = Convert.ToDouble(m_Textline.Substring ( 126 , 6 ) ) ;
It was not going to be as easy as he thought .
LET 'S hope it does n't suffer the same fate as the last one .
Seven months after an extremely rare blackspot anglerfish was caught at Susan River but died after jumping out of its tank , another has been reeled in by a Maryborough man .
Grant Turner was fishing for whiting off Poona yesterday morning when he pulled in the ugly creature , complete with distinctive finger - like appendages , on a small hook baited with squid and yabby .
“ I 've never , ever seen one before - it 's the strangest thing I 've ever seen , ” he said .
“ I had no idea what it was until my grandfather recognised it as the same fish on the front of the Chronicle a few months ago . ”
Until last year , the fish had only ever been caught once in Australia .
And while Mr Turner 's catch is yet to be scientifically confirmed as a blackspot anglerfish , or tathicarpus butleri , the Maryborough man is sure it's the same species as the fish caught at Susan River last year .
That fish was reeled in by Dundowran man Jack Stocks and later confirmed by a US - based fish expert .
A few months later , perhaps distressed at the prospect of life in captivity , it jumped out of its tank at Reefworld in Hervey Bay and died .
Its DNA was the first of the species to be entered into an international fish catalogue .
The blackspot anglerfish uses its elbow - like joints on the pectoral fins and finger - like appendages to hold on to rocks and wait for prey .
Its pelvis fins have developed joints which look similar to legs , complete with appendages that look similar to toes .
Technology.am ( June 29 , 2009 ) — Sir James
Dyson has unveiled a hand - held vacuum cleaner which is run on “ the fastest motor in the world ” , ten times quicker than the engine of a Boeing 747 aircraft .
The DC 31 vacuum , which weighs 2.2lb , is the first ever domestic appliance to incorporate a so - called digital switched reluctance motor , which Sir James claims is the “ fastest motor in the world . ”
At 104,000 revolutions per minute , the motor turns ten times as fast as a commercial aircraft , five times as fast as a Formula 1 engine and more than twice as fast as the most powerful industrial milling machines .
The only thing quicker is a dentist ’s drill , but that is technically a turbine , not a motor .
The digital motor is half the weight and size of a normal motor of the same power .
The £ 129 hand - held vacuum cleaner will go on sale next month .
picture with Cliff Face , Shay Run , Moss , and Sandstone from Blackwater Falls State Park , WV and the Monongahela National Forest taken on September 3 , 2006 .
Picture is featured on michaelmccumber.com with a full description .
This section is from the book " A Library Of Wonders And Curiosities Found In Nature And Art , Science And Literature " , by I . Platt .
Also available from Amazon : A library of wonders and curiosities .
- Although cold , in general , contracts most bodies , and heat expands them , yet there are some instances to the contrary , especially in the extreme cases or states of these qualities of bodies .
Thus , though iron , in common with other bodies , expands with heat ; yet , when melted , it is always found to expand in cooling again .
Thus also , though water expands gradually as it is heated , and contracts as it cools , yet in the act of freezing it suddenly expands again , and that with an enormous force , capable of rending rocks , or bursting the very thick shells of metal , etc .
A computation of the force of freezing water , has been made by the Florentine academicians , from the bursting of a very strong brass globe or shell by freezing water in it ; when , from the known thickness and tenacity of the metal , it was found that the expansive power of a spherule of water only one inch in diameter , was suffi cient to overcome a resistance of more than twenty - seven thousand pounds , or thirteen tons and a half .
Such a prodigious effect of expansion , almost double that of the most powerful steam - engines , and exerted in so small a mass , seemingly by the force of cold , was thought a very material argument in favour , of those who supposed that cold , like beat , is a positive substance .
Dr. Black 's discovery of latent heat , however , has afforded a very easy and natural explication of this phenomenon .
He has shown , that , in the act of congelation , water is not cooled more than it was before , but rather grows warmer : that as much heat is discharged and passes from a latent and a sensible state , as , had it been applied to water in its fluid state , would have heated it to 135° .
In this process , the expansion is occasioned by a great number of minute bubbles suddenly produced .
Formerly these were supposed to be cold in the abstract , and to be so subtile , that , insinuating themselves into the substances of the fluid , they augmented its bulk , at the same time that , by impeding the motion of its particles upon each other , they changed it from a fluid to a solid .
But Dr. Black shows , that these are only air extricated during the congelation ; and to the extrication of this air he ascribes the prodigious expansive force exerted by freezing water .
The only question , therefore , is , by what means this air comes to be extricated , and to take up more room than it naturally does in the fluid ?
To this it may be answered , that perhaps part of the heat , which is discharged from the freezing water , combines with air in its unelastic state , and , by restoring its elasticity , gives it that extraordinary force ; as is seen in the case of air suddenly extricated in the explosion of gunpowder .
The degree of expansion of water , in the state of ice , is by some authors computed at one tenth of its volume .
Oil and quicksilver shrink and contract after freezing .
Mr. Boyle relates severa .
experiments of vessels made of metals , very thick and strong ; in which , when filled with water , closely stopped , and exposed to the cold , the water being expanded in freezing , and not rinding either room or vent , burst the vessels .
A strong barrel of a gun , with water in it , close stopped and frozen , was rent the whole length .
Huygens , to try the force with which it expands , filled a cannon with it , whose sides were an inch thick , and then closed up the mouth and vent , so that none could escape ; the whole being exposed to a strong freezing air , the water froze in about twelve hours , and burst the piece in two places .
Hence mathematicians have computed the force of the ice upon this occasion ; and they say , that such a force would equal twenty - seven thousand seven hundred and twenty pounds .
Major Edward Williams , of the Royal Artillery , made many experiments on the force of freezing water , at Quebec , in 1784 - 1785 .
He filled all sizes of bomb shells with water , then plugged the fuze - hole close up , and exposed them to the strong freezing air of the winter in that climate ; sometimes driving in the iron plugs as hard as possible with a sledge hammer ; and yet they were all thrown out by the sudden expansion of the water in the act of freezing , like a ball shot by gunpowder , sometimes to the distance of between four and five hundred feet , though they weighed near three pounds ; and when the plugs were screwed in , or furnished with hooks or barbs to lay hold of the inside of the shell by , so that they could not possibly be forced out , in this case the shell was always split in two , though the thickness of the metal of the shell was about an inch and three - quarters .
Through the circular crack , round about the shells , where they burst , there stood out a thin film or sheet of ice , like a fin ; and in the cases where the plugs were projected by freezing water , there suddenly issued out from the fuze - hole a bolt of ice of the same diameter , and stood over it to the height sometimes of eight inches and a half .
Stephen Crittenden : Welcome to the program .
Pastor Eli :
We have a sinner with us here who wishes for salvation .
Daniel , are you a sinner ?
Daniel : Yes .
Pastor Eli :
The Lord can't hear you , Daniel .
Say it to him .
Go ahead , and speak to him , it 's all right .
Daniel : Yes .
Pastor Eli :
Down on your knees , and say it .
Daniel :
What do you want me to say ?
Pastor Eli : Daniel , you 've come here and you 've brought good and wealth , but you have also brought your bad habits as a backslider .
You 've lusted after women and you have abandoned your child .
Your child that you raised , you 've abandoned all because he was sick and you have sinned .
So say it now .
' I am a sinner ' .
Daniel : I am a sinner .
Pastor Eli :
Say it louder , ' I am a sinner ' .
Daniel : I 'm a sinner .
Pastor Eli : Louder , Daniel , ' I am a sinner ' .
Daniel : I am a sinner .
Stephen Crittenden : A dramatic moment from the movie ' There will be Blood ' based on a novel by Upton Sinclair , which won an Oscar last year for the glowering Daniel Day Lewis .
If you 've seen the movie you 'll know it 's an allegory depicting the clash between two very different sides of American society , the religious and the capitalist .
If they seem to mix all too comfortably together these days , ' There Will Be Blood ' is a reminder that it was n't always so .
Today 's program is really the story of how those two sides came together .
It 's the story of a shadowy religious organisation known as The Fellowship , or The Family , founded in the 1930s by a Norwegian immigrant to the United States named Abraham Vereide .
He believed that the best way to change the world was to minister to business and political leaders , powerful men like Henry Ford , who were n't much interested in the churches .
A bit like Protestant version of Opus Dei , the Fellowship is basically theocratic in impulse and deeply hostile to democracy , and over decades it has managed to penetrate to the very centre of American political power by preaching a gospel of American power .
In the 1950s the Fellowship established the National Prayer Breakfast , and now every week in Washington , business leaders and politicians from all sides sit down to read the Bible and pray together .
The current leader of the Family is the reclusive Doug Coe .
Described by Hillary Clinton as ' A genuinely loving spiritual mentor and guide to anyone , regardless of party or faith , who wants to deepen his or her relationship with God ' , as we 'll hear , he 's also an admirer of Hitler , Lenin and Mao .
Jeff Sharlet is a contributing editor for Harper 's and Rolling Stone , an association research scholar in the Centre for Religion and Media at New York University , and he's the author of an new book about the Fellowship entitled ' The Family : Politics , Power and Fundamentalism 's Shadow Elite ' .
It 's based on research he did on documents kept at the Billy Graham Centre Archives , and it's one of the most absorbing books I 've read all year .
Jeff Sharlet says that when we think of American Christian fundamentalism , we tend to think of the populist , Bible - thumping TV evangelists .
But the Fellowship is about a different kind of fundamentalism , elite fundamentalism .
More upper class , more sophisticated , it does n't need the media , doing its work behind the scenes .
Jeff Sharlet : Elite fundamentalism and especially the elite fundamentals in The Family , is not so much interested in holding mass rallies , or saving everybody 's souls , rather it grows out of this belief that took hold in the 1930s that God works through a few specially chosen individuals .
They call them key men , the sort of anointed .
And there 's the real concerns , well , not social issues but economic , something that they came to call ' Biblical capitalism ' , a sort of laissez - fair capitalism , and especially foreign affairs , and I think that comes as a surprise to a lot of folks here in the United States , but also overseas , but they 're the kind of Christian fundamentalism in America that has always taken as its main concern the role of American power in the world , and the expansion of that kind of power .
Stephen Crittenden :
Now the book is basically about a shadowy organisation called The Family , or The Fellowship that was founded by a guy called Abraham Vereide , a Norwegian immigrant to the United States in the 1930s .
Tell us about him and the foundation of this organisation .
Jeff Sharlet : Vereide is a fascinating character .
This guy who comes to America from Norway , because he sees America 's the land of the Bible unchained .
Even from a boy he 's given to what he thinks are prophetic visions .
He believes that God comes to him and talks to him in very literal words .
He comes to America and he makes quite a name for himself , becomes a preacher and starts preaching to guys like Henry Ford and titans of the steel industry and so on , and then has this Epiphany , this realisation in the middle of our Great Depression in the 1930s .
He decides that the Great Depression is actually a punishment from God for disobeying God 's law , and how are we disobeying God 's law ?
Well it 's because we are trying to regulate the economy , we are trying to take matters into our own hands .
Well we just have to completely trust God , and those he chooses , men like Henry Ford and the CEO of US Steel and so on .
Stephen Crittenden : Yes , it 's a muscular Christianity .
You 'd almost say he had a ministry to bring that industrial class back into religion .
Jeff Sharlet : Absolutely .
This must be a Christianity on steroids .
They were building on this tradition of this kind of macho Christ , and taking it to these businessmen who did n't really care about church or the Bible or anything like that .
What they cared about was organised labour , and in fact particularly in Australia , men and Harry Bridges was a major , major labour leader here in the United States .
And they just saw him the Devil Incarnate , and began to organise against him .
And that 's what this group has become - and are to this day .
They still see God 's interests as those of the absolutely unregulated free markets - a very sort of macho , muscular Christianity that tends to serve the interests of those involved .
Stephen Crittenden :
As I was reading the book , I was constantly reminded of the Catholic elite fundamentalist organisation , Opus Dei , which was founded just a couple of years before The Family , and clearly had a political program .
There seem to be very interesting similarities between them .
Jeff Sharlet :
There are really striking similarities between Opus Dei and The Family , they were actually both founded at this moment , when conservative Catholics in the case of Opus Dei , and conservative Protestants in the case of The Family , conclude that democracy is done , that it 's spent , that it can't compete with these incredibly vigorous forces of communism and fascism .
And there 's a mistaken idea that the Opus Dei , and also The Family , wanted to be just fascist .
No , they did n't want to be fascist , they saw a lot to admire in fascism , but they wanted to create their own religious way , where fascism sort of idolised the character like Hitler and Mussolini , they said No , we want that same kind of cult of personality , that same kind of muscular politics and religion , but we want it to be centred around Jesus .
Well of course who 's Jesus ?
And that 's when you run into the real religious horror story of this book , which is that they read the same Bible that most of the rest of us do , but they take a very different message , one that 's not about mercy or justice or love or forgiveness , but rather is about power .
And very literally , when I look through The Family 's papers , 600 boxes of documents , that 's what they saw in the New Testament as the bottom line , was this message of power , and it 's striking I think , and unsettling to even most conservative Christians .
Stephen Crittenden :
So much to talk about in what you 've just said to unpack .
Let 's talk about the theological question about Jesus first .
You speak about a theology which you say is totally malleable , and you talk about a theology of Jesus plus nothing .
It 's almost like a home - grown American religion that purports to be about Jesus , purports to be Christian , but it 's had all the content drained out of it .
Jeff Sharlet : Yes , that 's really exactly it .
I begin the book , and I begin the story with a month I spent living in one of The Family 's houses where they sort of groom younger men for leadership by signing you up for mentoring with a Congressman and so on .
And I remember being struck at the time when a US Senate Aide was telling us about former Vice - President , Dan Quayle , who had volunteered to lead a Bible Study for political men , for The Family , but he needed some help , he needed someone to come over and give him just a quick crash course , ' Because ' , he said , ' well , he had n't actually ever read the Bible . '
So he was quite certain he knew what the Bible said , he was quite certain it supported his political program .
He felt confident in scolding others for not living up to the Bible , but he had never actually read the Bible .
And that 's what you really see when you look at this elite fundamentalism .
It 's a religion of the status quo , it 's a religion of things as they are .
It 's not the sort of science fiction vision of what the world will look like when the fundamentalists have taken over .
These guys are very content with the world as it is , and they top up the Bible as something that is supporting themselves and power .
Doug Coe , the leader of the group says ' We work with power where we can , build new power where we can 't . '
And that 's a very status quo religion .
Stephen Crittenden :
The next big question is to unpack where the religious program ends and the political program begins .
Jeff Sharlet :
You know , I like to think of it as sort of a mobia Strip , you know , that popular optical illusion of a ribbon that 's sort of twisting , and you can never figure out which side you 're on .
There is no clear line where the religion ends and the politics begin .
They do n't draw the distinction .
I 'll give you an example of the project they did recently , something called The Silk Road Act .
These is a piece of American legislation passed in 1999 by our Senator Sam Brownback in a Congressman Joe Pitts , both members of The Family .
The Silk Road
Act directed US funds to the dictatorships of the Central Asian region , and as Senator Brownback explained to me , his role was to essentially buy these countries off , to open them up to free markets by giving them a lot of money , a sort of an odd concept of free markets .
And the reason he wanted to do that is Well we have free markets where capitalism goes the gospel follows .
And so there you have economics , you have politics , and you have religion , and they 're all caught in this loop .
Stephen Crittenden : Jeff , let 's go back to the early history of The Family and look in more detail at its political program during the 1930s and ' 40s which seems to focus primarily on destroying trade unionism in the United States , and in that , they completely succeeded .
Jeff Sharlet : Yes , they really did .
I mean I think that again takes me back to this question , people always ask what the fundamentalists want to do ?
I think the more relevant question is what have fundamentalists done .
And you look in the United States and say Why do we alone in the developed world , not have a serious organised labour movement ?
Our organised labour movement is nowhere near as powerful and influential as yours in Australia .
I think we really have to look to groups like The Family and elite fundamentalism .
They came into being to opposed organised labour , worked steadily at that , and counted as one of their first big victories a law that was passed here in 1947 which essentially rolled back many of the rights to organise and to form unions , that had been won under Franklin Roosevelt .
They counted that as their first victory , and then they just sort of went forward from there and played this role of driving the centre to the right , they were very involved in the Cold War , very involved in the economics of globalisation .
These are their projects , but they see them as religious ends .
Stephen Crittenden :
You mention that in these years
The Family was attracted by Fascist and even Nazi ideas , and you say that in the immediate aftermath of World War II , they were involved in rehabilitating key Nazi industrialists and bankers , helping them out or even bringing them to the United States .
Jeff Sharlet :
That was their first big step overseas .
That 's when they became international during World War II .
Abraham Vereide , the founder , actually travelled to the allied prisons in Germany where we were holding the prisoners of war , with a mandate from the United States State Department to go among these Nazis and sort of interview them and decide which ones could be used for rebuilding Germany .
And brought in quite a few scary characters , perhaps the most notable of whom was Hermann Josef Abs who after Vereide and The Family had vouched for him , rose to become the chief financial wizard behind West Germany 's rise , enjoyed a very successful career into the 1970s until the Simon Wiesenthal Centre discovered that before he had been known as Germany 's banker , he'd been known as Hitler 's banker , that he had helped spirit uncounted sums of money off to the Nazis who escaped to Latin America .
He was a bad guy , he was driven out of politics .
But that was the role that The Family was playing , was whitewashing these guys and getting these guys back into power because they wanted them for the Cold War .
Stephen Crittenden : Jeff , I guess the most public face of The Family , or The Fellowship , in the last 30 , 40 , 50 years , has been the fact that it created the National Prayer Breakfast , and you tell the story of how President Eisenhower really officiates at the first National Prayer Breakfast a bit reluctantly .
He 's a bit like a John McCain figure , not very comfortable with overt displays of religion .
Jeff Sharlet : Yes , exactly .
1953 they inaugurated the National Prayer Breakfast which has been held in Washington ever since .
The United States President always attends , Congress attends , and they set these up around the world .
You even have one there in Australia .
And they 've been sort of very deliberately banal events , very bland , but they refer to within the group and in their documents as recruiting devices to identify and bring people into closer involvement .
And The Family had wanted to do this for many years but the previous US Presidents would n't do it .
Eisenhower did n't want to do it , he said it 's ' a violation of separation of Church and State which is a fundamental part of our constitution here ' .
But Billy Graham and a Senator who was involved in The Family , Frank Carlson , had organised an evangelical Christian vote for him , and they wanted payback , so Eisenhower went , concerned that this was going to become a tradition , and indeed it did , and now it does n't matter who 's elected , here in November , whether it 's McCain or Obama come February they 're going to the National Prayer Breakfast , and what that does is it gives The Family that kind of power and that draw .
It does n't mean that every President signs off on their beliefs , but they 're able to go around and say ' Look at this , we 're able to bring the President of the United States to one of our events , do n't you want to be associated with that ?'
Stephen Crittenden : And is the National Prayer Breakfast then the key instrument of The Family 's power ?
Jeff Sharlet : I think the key instrument is this really incredible network of politicians that they built up over the years .
I mean you look back across American history and you find guys like Chief Justice William Renquist who 's one of the most influential conservative Chief Justices of our Supreme Court .
The old legendary Dixie - crat named Strom Thurman , was a long - time right - winger .
Even now I can give you a long list of American politicians and there have been Australian politicians involved as well , and folks around the world , they 're able to build this network so that if you want to get something done , it 's helpful to work through The Family .
Stephen Crittenden : You 've got to tell us who the Australians are .
Jeff Sharlet : Well the Australians are going back in history .
The first guy to get involved was man named Norman Makin who was actually not considered a right - winger , he was a long - time Ambassador to the United States , but was an early Cold warrior and saw The Family as a useful vehicle for working with the Conservative side of American politics during the Cold War .
More recently , I would just bump into - in the documents - minor Australian politicians , Bruce Baird , a fellow named Ross Cameron , and I suppose Peter Costello has been involved , and I do n't know how involved and I just , that 's not something I followed up on .
Woman : Who is Doug Coe ?
Here he is on videotapes obtained exclusively by NBC News , with his account of atrocities under Chairman Mao .
Doug Coe : I 've seen pictures of the young men in the Red Guard , they would bring in this young man 's mother , he would take an axe and cut her head off .
They have to put the purposes of the Red Guard ahead of their father , mother , brother , sister , and their own life .
That was a covenant , a pledge .
That 's what Jesus said .
Woman :
In his preaching he repeatedly urges a personal commitment to Jesus Christ , a commitment Coe compares to the blind devotion Hitler demanded .
Stephen Crittenden : NBC
News reporting on the reclusive leader of The Family , Pastor Doug Coe .
Jeff , you say that The Family has penetrated American politics so thoroughly that even someone like Hillary Clinton has to be part of these prayer breakfasts .
It does n't really matter what side of politics you 're on , The Family is n't interested in that .
Jeff Sharlet : Yes , I write in the book about Hillary Clinton 's involvement which is actually fairly long - standing .
She 's upfront about it in her autobiography , ' Living History ' .
She writes in 1993 of coming to Washington and having a segregated women 's prayer group organised for her of the wives of very conservative political brokers , and this was not just prayer business .
Clearly politics .
NBC one of our network news stations here did a little segment on that aspect of the book and they noted that both John McCain and Barak Obama had also attended the weekly Senate prayer breakfasts , there 's the Annual National Breakfast and then there 's a weekly breakfast also run by The Family .
And what that really shows is not that John McCain or Barak Obama are part of it .
It shows that it 's become this almost necessary piety pit stop , that to run for national office in the United States , you have to show your religiosity , which is forbidden by our Constitution .
We say there 's no religious test , anyone 's allowed to run .
But it 's become this de facto test , and what that does is it also opens the door for a kind of conservative politics that people do n't notice .
Here we have something called faith - based initiatives , introduced by President Bush , and what this amounted to was a massive privatisation of government resources , turning over social welfare to religious organizations ; changing the law so those religious organisations are free to discriminate against who they want , and one of the most dismaying things I think about our campaign right now is that both John McCain and Barak Obama have pledged to not just continue this program , but to expand it .
And the reason is , they have to do that because The Family , populist fundamentalism , and elite fundamentalism working together have so set the terms of religiosity in American life , that we do n't have a whole lot of room for genuine religious discussions , genuine discussion of religious ideas , which are always welcome .
We have only room for these kinds of public proclamations of piety .
Stephen Crittenden : You mentioned the Reverend Billy Graham earlier .
He 's a very interesting character in this story , he only appears once or twice , but he 's obviously pivotal at the beginning of setting up the National Prayer Breakfast , as you mentioned .
He shoehorns President Eisenhower into sort of turning up and playing along .
What is Billy Graham 's role in all of this ?
He always strikes me as a much more complex and ambiguous character than he sometimes seems on the surface .
Jeff Sharlet : He really is .
He really is a complicated character , which is interesting , because he was not a complicated man , but I 'm sorry , ' was not ' , put it in the past tense .
Still alive , still with us , but mostly his public career is over .
He was a simple man who found himself at the nexus of a lot of power , and was a little bit proud of that .
You know , I mean I was able to put together the account of his role in the National Prayer Breakfast , not just through these documents which are in the archives , but through his own biography in which he really comes right out and boasts about bullying President Eisenhower into this role .
He was a guy who came from a very right - wing fundamentalist place , a very anti-Semitic place which he never really quite overcome , and moved into the mainstream of American life and was instrumental for instance , in giving religious cover to President Nixon .
And also played this very important role for The Family .
Stephen Crittenden :
And how knowingly did he do that ?
I mean in your view , was he aware , clearly aware of the agenda of The Family and was he in fact supporting , part of , that agenda ?
Jeff Sharlet :
Oh , certainly , yes .
I mean The Family and the Billy Graham Crusade worked together very closely , and one of the things that Billy Graham Crusade could do for The Family and The Family could do for them , was that they could help them win access to foreign governments .
Here 's two groups that are very interested in going around the world and talking to elite and powerful people around the world , and they each have their networks .
And throughout the documents , ( the documents are stored at the Billy Graham Centre Archives , I mean that gives you sort of a sense of the intimacy of these two movements ) you find examples of Billy Graham helping The Family out with introductions to this leader , and the Family helping the Billy Graham Crusade out with introductions to leaders , say , in South East Asia where they were very strong .
So they 're working together not as one , but on parallel tracks .
No -one ever looks at Billy Graham 's economics .
One of the things I found in the archives is an early film that he made called ' Oil Town USA ' , in which Billy Graham comes right out and says , ' Look , the interest of the oil companies are the exact same as the interests of America , and those are God 's interests . '
He could n't put it any plainer than that .
Stephen Crittenden :
That 's a fairly succinct statement of The Family 's actual theology is n't it ?
Jeff Sharlet :
It really is .
You know , you see for instance the relationship to Indonesia which is something I write a lot about in the book , and Soeharto who they very early on identified as a great man of God .
They were sending delegations of Congressmen over to meet him early on in his dictatorship , they were instrumental , those politicians were instrumental on arranging for massive American military aid which they kept right up to the invasion of East Timor and all the killing in Indonesia .
And they were also sending delegations of oil executives .
I found one letter from a prominent American oil executive who came back and wrote up a memo for the Senators who had sent him , saying how he had met Soeharto and he had talked to him about Jesus , and it was the most spiritual hour he'd ever had .
Stephen Crittenden : Now this is interesting .
You mention a number of dictators stretching back over the past 50 years , Papa Doc Duvalier , General Park of Korea , a number of Brazilian dictators , The Family latches on to these characters and signs them up for Bible Study groups .
One of the most recent is President Museveni of Uganda , who 's their man in Africa .
Jeff Sharlet : Yes , exactly , and in fact they latched on to Museveni after Siad Barre the former dictator of Somalia died , and that was a relationship they 'd forged through Senator Chuck Grassley , the conservative Republican from Iowa and still in office in the United States , and he went to see Siad Barre who was Muslim , and he said , ' Look , I want to talk to you ' , Barre had been a Soviet client and now he was looking to switch sides .
He said , ' I want to talk to you , I can arrange meetings for you with the Pentagon , but first we need to talk about Jesus , we need to pray . '
And these dictators were no dummies , they understood that the price was being exacted , which was an ideological one , a theological one , and guys like Soeharto , of course Muslim as well , were more than happy to pray to Jesus in exchange for this massive military aid .
Museveni is really only the latest of these characters , who , it 's pretty transparent the relationship .
I write in the book about Museveni makes friends with a major family businessman , a guy named Dennis Bakke , who was at the time the CEO of AES , one of the largest energy corporations in the world , at a mid-'90s National Prayer Breakfast , and then gives Bakke a new big contract for a $ 500 - million hydroelectric dam , which Uganda does n't need .
Well everybody 's making money , they all think they 're doing God 's work , and they 're being supported effectively by the American government , which is sort of subsidizing this kind of thing .
Stephen Crittenden : Just going back to Uganda , one public policy outcome of this connection with President Museveni is that through him , they were able to export a Christian fundamentalist abstinence program into Uganda 's policy about how to deal with AIDS .
In the 1990s Uganda was being held up for its ABC policy , Abstinence , Be faithful , use a Condom .
Ten years later , the results are very poor .
Jeff Sharlet :
It 's one of the most dismaying tragedies in the fight against AIDS .
Uganda was a country that had really turned around .
It had a high AIDS rate , and through using this program had turned it around , had actually successfully rolled back the AIDS rate .
But because it became so enmeshed with the American Christian Right , and the American Christian Right is part of President Bush 's AIDS program , was able to put pressure on these countries to drop the ' C ' from the ABC .
So they still want Abstinence , they believe in abstinence , but they do n't want Condoms .
And indeed Uganda backed very sharply away from condoms , and as predictably as any scientist could have told you , the AIDS rate skyrocketed , and people are dying again .
And the most horrifying part about that , for some of these people , that 's not a problem .
I spoke to Senator Sam Brownback about this , who has worked actually with Senator Clinton to change the laws governing US foreign aid to make it so that we can't give money to any organisation that works with prostitutes .
The example Brownback 's Chief Legislative Director gave me , he said he would rather a Thai prostitute die of AIDS than have her soul imperilled by using a condom .
And it 's just an absolutely horrifying vision of what the Gospel says .
Stephen Crittenden :
To what extent is The Family a structured , self - conscious organisation with a leadership , membership and rules ?
And to what extent has it just become this sort of amorphous , sticky cloud that just saturates everything , and almost no longer has a structure ?
Jeff Sharlet : Yes .
I mean it's one of these sort of interesting things where The Family is somewhat amorphous but never quite as amorphous as they would like you to believe .
Doug Coe , the leader of the group , says in one of his sermons , ' The Family functions invisibly like the Mafia ' ( I 'm quoting him here ; this is a sermon you can actually hear online ) .
' They keep their organisation invisible .
Everything visible is transitory , everything invisible is permanent and last forever .
The more you can make your organisation invisible , the more influence it will have . '
And that explains a lot of The Family 's view of secrecy , and why it does n't seem to have an organisation in one .
The Los Angeles Times here in the United States , or NBC News went to them and said , ' You know , is there an organisation here ? '
And they said in both cases , ' No , it 's just a group of friends , just a group of friends hanging out . '
But the tax documents tell another tale ; not too many groups of friends have corporate structures through which millions of dollars are moving every year , and not too many groups of friends have dumped 600 boxes of documents in the Billy Graham Centre Archives , which I think they assume nobody would ever look at , and when you did , discovered they 'd been keeping very close membership rolls for decades , there 's a very structured hierarchical organisation , again they 're not going to come out and thump their Bibles and pound the pulpits , they 're not even going to identify themselves as an organisation , but it 's there , it 's there in the documents , it 's there in their tax records .
You know , I always say that actually I had no problem with the populist fundamentalists in the United States who go out in the public and they get involved in campaigns and they make their case in public .
Then you can agree with it or disagree with it .
That 's democracy at work .
What these guys do is the opposite of democracy and deliberately so .
From the very beginning they 've opposed democracy , they call it ' the din of the vox populii ' , ' the racket of the voice of the people ' , and they say they want to get away from it , they want to transcend democracy .
Stephen Crittenden : Jeff , an amazing conversation .
Thank you very much for being on the program .
Jeff Sharlet : Thank you , Stephen , thanks for having me .
Stephen Crittenden : Jeff Sharlet , and his book ' The Family ' , is published in Australia by University of Queensland Press .
Well that 's all this week .
Before we go a brief follow - up to last week 's story on the conflict at St Mary 's Catholic parish , South Brisbane .
Late last week the parish priest wrote to Archbishop Battersby , indicating that priests celebrating mass on Sunday would vest for mass and recite the Eucharistic prayers alone .
The Archbishop thanked him for that , and that appears to be what happened .
So some improvement there in relations with the Archdiocese .
Goodbye now from Stephen Crittenden on ABC Radio National .
Ways for Christiano Ronaldo and Real Madrid to Spend Dinero
Christiano Ronaldo and Real Madrid ( the team that bought him ) would likely be able to purchase multiple items from these million dollar masterpieces .
Why do we say that ?
Because soccer playing superstar Christiano Ronaldo sold to Real Madrid for $ 131 million .
Luxury seems to be flowing all around us , and for Ronaldo , he 's now swimming in it ( not like he was n't before ) .
Enjoy !
It 's okay to dream , and drool ( whatever is necessary ) .
Implications - Despite the recent economic downturn , there exists an elitist group of high - spending consumers who are willing to invest large sums of money .
Such individuals are looking for unique and ritzy ways to both preserve and enhance their esteemed status within society .
Businesses that offer a wide range of high - end goods will fare well amongst this small group of consumers .
The iTunes App Store has been exceedingly successful for Apple , but the past 12 months have n’t gone off without a hitch .
Since its inception a year ago , the iTunes App Store has been embroiled in controversy , and it often seemed that the unprecedented breadth and popularity of the app store left Apple confused , and unsure as to how it should police its online marketplace , if at all .
More often than not , Apple erred on the side of caution and implemented what many might call a draconian rule over the app store .
Many applications were inexplicably rejected from the app store , some were outright banned , and at the same time , a number of questionable and sometimes illegal apps were able to sneak by the Apple censors .
For a while ,
It seemed that almost every week there was some new controversy regarding Apple ’s submission policies regarding the iTunes App Store .
Here , in Part III of our iTunes App Store retrospective , we take a look at some of the more controversial and interesting app store rejections over the past 12 months .
From the “ I am Rich ” and “ Baby Shaker ” apps , all the way to Trent Reznor calling out Apple on its BS , we have all the greats listed below for your reading pleasure .
I Am Rich
Apple ’s first experience with app store controversy began early last August , less than 1 month after the iTunes App Store went live .
In a story that garnered a tremendous amount of press , a German developer by the name of Armin Heinrich wrote a simple iPhone app called “ I Am Rich ” which had a shockingly high - you gotta be kidding me - are people actually going to spend this much money - price tag of $ 999.99 .
And the kicker was that the app essentially did nothing .
When activated , the app simply displayed a glowing red gem on the screen in an attempt to let onlookers glancing at your iPhone know just how rich you were .
The developer advertised the app thusly ,
The red icon on your iPhone or iPod Touch always reminds you ( and others when you show it to them ) that you were able to afford this .
It ’s a work of art with no hidden function at all .
After word of the app got out , Apple quickly removed it from iTunes .
But the question everybody wanted to know was , “ Did anyone actually buy the app ? ”
As it turns out , yes , some people did purchase the app .
In an interview with the LA Times , the developer wrote that 8 people bought the “ I Am Rich ” app , presumably netting him $ 5600 in profits after Apple got its 30 % cut of the loot .
Not surprisingly , a couple of souls who were brave enough to admit they purchased the app by accident had their money refunded by Apple .
Podcaster
Apple ’s next app store controversy went down last September when it decided not to accept an application known as ‘ Podcaster ’ into the iTunes App Store .
Podcaster allowed users to stream and download podcasts over an Internet connection without having to access them via iTunes , a useful feature if you happened to be away from your home computer , and thus iTunes , for a while .
Apple , however , was n’t as enthusiastic and rejected the app on the grounds that it duplicated functionality already present in iTunes – namely , the ability to download podcasts .
Critics immediately shot back and pointed out that Apple had already accepted a number of apps which mimic Apple ’s applications .
But not only did Apple refuse to budge , it soon added some of Podcaster ’s functionality to iTunes !
Talk about chutzpah .
A few months later , in January , Apple finally came to its senses and accepted ‘ Podcaster ’ into the app store , though by then , it had been re-named RSS Player .
Why the name change , you ask ?
Well , in order to get the app into the app store , the developer had to make certain concessions such as precluding users from searching for podcasts via the app itself .
Instead users would have to subscribe to the RSS feeds of the podcasts they wanted to download .
Hence , the name .
Netshare
Netshare was a tethering app that allowed users to establish an Internet connection on their laptops via their iPhones .
It initially appeared on the iTunes App Store last July , and over a period of a few weeks , would reappear , and then disappear .
People were n’t quite sure what was going on , and the logical assumption was that AT&T and / or Apple were n’t big fans of the app .
Eventually in mid-September , Apple officially banned the app .
To be fair , the App was banned because AT&T at the time was n’t allowing tethering apps on the iPhone .
Hey , wait a minute , AT&T still does n’t allow tethering on the iPhone !
Over the past few months , rumors of AT&T tethering plans have abounded on the web , but AT&T has remained curiously silent on the matter .
What makes matters even more confusing is that iPhone users are more than willing to pay an extra fee for the ability to tether , yet AT&T , for whatever reason , keeps on dragging their feet .
Pull My Finger
What ’s that you say ?
How can “ Pull my Finger ” be banned when you just downloaded 4 farting apps last week ?
Well , it was n’t that long ago that Apple refused entry for a bevy of vomit and farting apps , noting that they “ lacked utility ” .
By early December , however , Apple had changed its mind , and in came the farting and vomit apps by the dozens .
Pull My Finger was never the most popular farting app ( that honor belongs to iFart Mobile ) , but its rejection and subsequent acceptance into the iTunes App Store made quite a story at the time .
Obama Trampoline
In early February , Apple rejected an iPhone game that let users select their politician of choice , and subsequently use the built in accelerometer to tilt the device and determine in which direction their favorite ( or most hated ) politician would bounce .
Users could even get politicians to do acrobatic flips and use them to “ pop some balloons in the White House or the Oval Office ” with their heads .
Some of the politicians who were featured in the game included Barack Obama , Sarah Palin , Ron Paul , and Hillary Clinton .
Why was it banned ?
Well , because Apple claimed that it ridiculed public figures , which is in violation of iPhone SDK guidelines .
Here ’s a video of the app that no one got to play .
Tweetie
In early March , Apple rejected an updated version of the popular Twitter client Tweetie because one of the trending topics on Twitter at the time of review was “ FuckItList . ”
Following ‘ trends ’ via Tweetie was hardly a new feature in the program , and there were a number of other Twitter clients that , at the time , also had the same offensive topic on their trendlists .
You would assume that the people Apple entrusts to review submitted apps would be tech savvy enough to know what a trending topic on Twitter is , would n’t ya ?
And in case you ’re wondering where the word “ FuckItList ” came from , we ’ve got you covered because we happen to be big fans of the comedian who started it , Michael Ian Black .
Michael Ian Black , for those who have n’t had the pleasure , was a cast member on the hilarious early 90’s MTV sketch comedy show The State , and went on to star in the cult comedy film “ Wet Hot American Summer ” , and the short - lived Comedy Central series “ Stella ” .
But most people probably recognize him best as the sarcastic talking head from VH1 ’s “ I Love the 80’s ” .
Anyways ,
Black had tweeted that he was creating a list of all the things he did n’t need to do before he dies .
An anti bucket list of sorts that he aptly titled the FuckItList .
Some of the initial items on the FuckItList included touring Europe ’s great cathedrals , learning about birds , and attending a MLB baseball game in every stadium .
Ian Black proceeded to ask his 71,000 followers to come up with their own FuckItLists , and they apparently responded en masse , causing the term “ # FuckItList ” to rise to the top on Twitter Trends and causing Tweetie ’s update to be rejected from the app store .
Thankfully , the rejection was only temporary as Apple soon realized the error of its ways and soon accepted the updated Tweetie app , FuckItList and all .
Baby Shaker
In late April , an called Babyshaker notoriously snuck its way onto the iTunes App Store .
As the name implies , the app displayed drawings of babies accompanied by “ annoying ” sounds such as crying and screaming .
The stated purpose of the app was to see how long you could endure the “ annoying ” sounds before quieting the baby down by “ shaking it . ”
Naturally , when people got wind of the app , they were outraged .
Apple , to its credit , was quite responsive and quickly removed the app from iTunes that same day .
It later issued an apology for even allowing it onto iTunes in the first place .
“ This application was deeply offensive and should not have been approved for distribution on the App Store .
When we learned of this mistake , the app was removed immediately .
We sincerely apologize for this mistake and thank our customers for bringing this to our attention . ”
NIN
Less than a week after the Babyshaker debacle , Apple ’s flip flopping tendencies were in full effect as it rejected an update to the popular Nine Inch Nails iPhone app due to “ objectionable content . ”
Specifically , and according to a tweet from Trent Reznor , Apple found the app offensive because users were able to use it to download the album “ The Downward Spiral . ”
Never mind the fact that the update was a simple bug fix .
Still , the rejection was a clear example of Apple being way too trigger happy with its app rejection pistol .
The fact of the matter was that the questionable album was n’t actually contained in the app itself , though the song of the same name was available as a “ podcast that could be streamed from the app .
And the annoying irony , of course , was that the album was available in all of its explicit entirety on iTunes for anyone to download .
Eventually , NIN removed the song “ The Downward Spiral ” from its server in an attempt to appease Apple , and Apple soon responded with uncharacteristic quickness and soon approved the updated NIN app .
It remains unclear what influence , if any , the public backlash had on Apple ’s about face , but whatever gets the job done .
Lastly , the initial rejection of the NIN app update prompted NIN frontman Trent Reznor to leave an amusing message on the NIN forums where he heaped praise upon the iPhone while stating that Windows Mobile “ straight - up sucks balls . ”
You might argue that that quote almost made the banning worth it .
Drive Train
In mid-May , Apple rejected a BitTorrent control App called Drivetrain .
In its rejection letter to the developer , Apple wrote :
… this category of applications is often used for the purpose of infringing third party rights .
We have chosen to not publish this type of application to the App Store . ”
DriveTrain , though , did n’t download or upload any data itself .
Rather , it simply allowed users to remotely call and manage the popular BitTorrent client “ Transmission ” which any Mac OS X user is free to download and run anytime they want .
On one hand we can see where Apple was coming from with this rejection , but it seemed a bit ridiculous that Mac users could download 20 GB worth of movie files a day via Transmission , but an iPhone app which allows those same users to manage the app from afar was denied entry onto iTunes .
Kama Sutra / Eucalptus
It ’s time to get sexy , people .
This past May , Apple rejected the e-book reader Eucalyptus on the grounds that users could use it to access the Kama Sutra .
Keep in mind that the app itself contained no content , and was merely used as a medium to read content downloaded from gutenberg.org , a free archive of digitized classic books whose stated purpose is to “ encourage the creation and distribution of eBooks . ”
As James Montgomerie , the developer behind Eucalyptus , pointed out at the time , his program did n’t ” ‘ contain ’ books any more than a newly bought iPod ‘ contains ’ songs . ”
That said , the only way to find the “ objectionable ” text from the Kama Sutra was to manually search for it , and that ’s exactly what an app reviewer at Apple did .
The app was initially submitted to Apple on April 27th , only to be followed by a rejection letter nearly 2 weeks later .
So , like clockwork , the blogosphere jumped up and shouted at Apple ’s inane rejection , and after a few days of bad press , Apple finally came to its senses and decided to accept Eucalyptus into the app store with no requirement that the developer manually block users from downloading the Kama Sutra .
Oh , baby .
Hottest Girls
In late June , word spread like wildfire that Apple had accepted into the iTunes App Store an app called “ Hottest Girls ” , which was comprised of more than 2200 Adult images .
The types of photos the app advertised included , “ Topless / Completely Naked Pics ” , “ Sexy Asian Girls ” , and “ Hot Girls in Bikinis . ”
Even though the “ Hottest Girls ” app had a “ 17 + ” rating , Apple was n’t having it and quickly pulled the plug on the app , forcing interested porn users to retreat back to the web for their daily smut fix .
Damn you , Apple !
Initially , the developer of the app wrote that he pulled the app himself due to an extremely high strain on his servers .
It turns out , though , that he was full of it as Apple subsequently announced that it would not allow any form of pornography into the app store .
Apple will not distribute applications that contain inappropriate content , such as pornography .
The developer of this application added inappropriate content directly from their server after the application had been approved and distributed , and after the developer had subsequently been asked to remove some offensive content .
This was a direct violation of the terms of the iPhone Developer Program .
The Rest of the Bunch
The above list of banned and temporarily rejected apps is by no means exhaustive .
Over the past 12 months , a number of other apps have been nixed by Apple for a variety of reasons .
Some of these never attracted a good deal of media attention , so we ’ll mention them here in passing .
Freedom Time –
This app was basically a countdown app which counted down the days until George W. Bush ’s term as US President ended and Barack Obama was sworn in .
It was banned in September for supposedly “ Defaming , demeaning , or attacking political figures . ”
Peeps – Peeps is a great app that lets you organize your contacts in a slick coverflow - esque manner .
It was initially banned from the App Store because Apple thought the developer used prohibited API ’s in his implementation of CoverFlow .
Alas , he did it all from scratch !
Murderdome – This was a comic book app that Apple banned back in September due to depictions of violence .
The comic , penned by Infurious Comics , served as a catalyst to get an age rating system for apps implemented on iTunes .
Thursday , June 4 , 2009
Google ’s Page Speed Optimization Add-on
Google has released a Firefox add - on called Page Speed .
It integrates with another add - on , Firebug , and is aimed at web developers trying to make their pages faster .
“ Page Speed is a tool we ’ve been using internally to improve the performance of our web pages , ” Google writes .
To use this , once you installed Page Speed and restarted Firefox , expand Firebug and switch to the Page Speed tool tab .
Move to your page , then click the Analyze Performance button .
After a short loading time you ’ll be presented with a handy list of things you did right , and things Google thinks you did wrong .
The latter can be expanded so you can read up on the help provided in regards to issues like “ Leverage browser caching ” , “ Remove unused CSS ” , “ Combine external JavaScript ” and so on ( you can also click on the entry to be taken to a longer explanation ) .
Neat !
Also see YSlow , another Firebug add - on ( this time by Yahoo ) that “ analyzes web pages and suggests ways to improve their performance ” .
[ Thanks Hebbet and TomHTML ! ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Fun With Vinyls – Vinyl Disguise
Did you forget about your old vinyls .
I know I have .
It is evidential there are people who have n’t .
Thank god , if I may add .
Vinyls take us back to a different time .
The time of bands that played their music for the sake of it and not for the money that they would make .
The time of fantastic album covers that really try to tell a story .
A lot of people miss that romantic time a lot .
These are their attempts to express their view of the story the vinyl album cover ’s try to tell us .
The results are stunning and really funny .
Thanks for an excellent editorial .
I doubt that it ’s worth replying to Lionel Milgrom whose fantasy physics has been totally demolished by real physicists .
Trisha Greenhalgh is , though , someone whose views I ’d take very seriously .
She raises an interesting question when she says “ bogus ” is an unprofessional word to use .
Two things seem relevant .
First , there is little point in writing rational scholarly articles for a group of people who do not accept the ordinary rules of evidence or scholarship .
We are dealing with fantasists .
Worse still , we are dealing with fantasists whose income depends on defending their fantasies .
You can point out to your heart ’s content that “ subluxations ” are figment of the chiropractors ’ imagination , but they do n’t give a damn .
They are n’t interested in what ’s true and what is n’t .
Throughout my lifetime , pharmacologists and others have been writing scholarly articles about how homeopathy and other sorts of alternative medicine are bogus .
All this effort had little effect .
What made the difference was blogs and investigative journalism .
When it became possible to reveal leaked teaching materials that taught students that “ amethysts emit high yin energy “ , and name and shame the vice - chancellors who allow that sort of thing to happen ( in this case Prof Geoffrey Petts of Westminster University ) , things started to happen .
In the last few years all five “ BSc ” degrees in homeopathy have closed and that is undoubtedly a consequence of the activities of bloggers and can assess evidence but who work more like investigative journalists .
When the BCA released , 15 months after the event , its “ plethora of evidence ” a semi- organised effort by a group of bloggers produced , in less than 24 hours , thoroughly scholarly analyses of all of them ( there is a summary here ) .
As the editorial says , they did n’t amount to a hill of beans ,
They also pointed out the evidence that was omitted by the BCA .
The conventional press just followed the bloggers .
I find it really rather beautiful that a group of people who have other jobs to do , spent a lot of time doing these analyses , unpaid , in their own time , simply to support Singh , because they believed it is the right thing to do .
Simon Singh has analysed the data coolly in his book .
But
In the case that gave rise to the lawsuit he was writing in a newspaper .
It was perfectly clear from the context what ‘ bogus ’ meant .
but Mr Justice Eady ( aided by a disastrous law ) chose to ignore entirely the context and the question of truth .
The description ‘ bogus ’. as used by Singh , seems to be entirely appropriate for a newspaper article .
To criticise him for using “ unprofessional ” language is inappropriate because we are not dealing with professionals .
At the heart of the problem is the sort of stifling political correctness that has resulted in quacks being referred to as “ professions ” rather than fantasists and fraudsters [ of course I use the word fraudster with no implication that it necessarily implies conscious lying ] .
At least there are some laughs to be had from the whole sorry affair .
Prompted by that prince among lawyers known as Jack of Kent there was a new addition to my ‘ Patients ’ Guide to Magic Medicine ‘ , as featured in the Financial Times .
Libel : A very expensive remedy , to be used only when you have no evidence .
Appeals to alternative practitioners because truth is irrelevant .
See answers below Many people in the UK are unable to identify the location of their major organs , a study suggests .
A team at King 's College London found public understanding of basic anatomy has not improved since a similar survey was conducted 40 years ago .
Less than 50 % of the more than 700 people surveyed could correctly place the heart , BMC Family Practice says .
Under one - third could place the lungs in their correct location , but more than 85 % got the intestines right .
There are concerns that a poor grasp of anatomy could potentially compromise patient care .
The researchers asked more than 700 people to look at outlines of both a male and female body and identify which of several shaded areas was a particular organ .
Those asked included apparently healthy members of the public and then people undergoing treatment for a problem that affected specific organs .
Even those for whom the organ was particularly relevant often performed poorly - more than half of those with renal problems did not correctly identify the kidneys .
Fewer than 30 % of the general population were able to do so .
But liver patients did better , with 75.3 % identifying the organ compared with 46 % of the general population .
The researchers said they had aimed to update a similar piece of research carried out in 1970 , in which just over half of all the questions were correctly answered .
But with an average of 52.5 % correctly answered , the results have barely changed .
" We thought that the improvements in education seen since then , coupled with an increased media focus on medical and health - related topics and growing access to the internet as a source of medical information , might have led to an increase in patients ' anatomical knowledge , " said lead researcher John Weinman .
" As it turns out , there has been no significant improvement in the intervening years . "
There was little difference between men and women , although women did perform better when a female body image was used .
Unsurprisingly , the better educated identified more organs correctly .
Communication concerns
The researchers said their findings did raise concerns about doctor - patient communication and possibly therefore the quality of care .
Don Redding , head of policy at the Picker Institute Europe , a patient research group , agreed .
" There is a real problem with health literacy - people 's ability to understand and process health information - which this study is indicative of .
" It really does matter , particularly as we look ahead to an NHS where resources are ever tighter .
" If people are going to use the NHS in an effective way they need to be able to communicate and understand what is said to them - this way we avoid repeat referrals , unnecessary hospitalisations .
" Everyone involved has to think harder about how to engage people in their own health - it 's the only way . "
Ellen Mason , from the British Heart Foundation , said : " Ideally the public would have a better knowledge of the location of their major body organs than this study suggests .
" This would hopefully produce a more meaningful dialogue with their doctor when something goes wrong with one of these organs .
" However , it is ultimately more important to know how to look after your heart than where it is in your body . "
Answers : Heart - C , Kidneys - D , Pancreas - B .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton fell and broke her elbow on Wednesday while en route to the White House , but is still carrying out her duties as the top U.S. diplomat , the State Department said .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks at a joint news conference with Israel 's Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman following their meeting at the State Department , June 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
Clinton tripped and fell in the basement of the State Department as she prepared to head to the White House for a meeting , along with Richard Holbrooke , the special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Holbrooke went on to the White House meeting while Clinton was treated in a nearby hospital and then sent home later on Wednesday night .
She will have surgery to repair her elbow in the next week , department spokesman P.J. Crowley said .
“ She is obviously under medical care for the coming days , ” he said .
“ But she is up .
She remains the secretary of state and she is working from home . ”
Clinton ’s meetings for Thursday were all canceled .
It was not yet clear how the injury and pending surgery might affect her upcoming travel .
“ Obviously , we need to get the surgery scheduled and performed , and then we ’ll assess , we ’ll be in a better position to answer that question , ” Crowley said .
On Thursday , Clinton had been due to join film star Angelina Jolie at an event for World Refugee Day and present awards at the American Foreign Service Association .
Clinton is set to go next week to Trieste , Italy , for a meeting of Group of Eight foreign ministers and attend a conference on Afghanistan to which Iran has been invited .
On the same trip , Clinton is due to go to Corfu , Greece , for a meeting of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe on June 27 - 28 .
In mid-July , Clinton is scheduled to make her first trip to India as the Obama administration ’s top diplomat .
Corrected vision impairment could prevent billions of dollars in lost productivity annually , according to a study by researchers from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of School of Public Health , the International Centre for Eyecare Education , the University of New South Wales and the African Vision Research Institute .
Researchers estimate that nearly 158 million people globally suffer with vision impairment resulting from uncorrected refractive error , which can usually be eliminated with a pair of eyeglasses and an eye examination .
This is the first study to estimate the productivity loss from uncorrected refractive error and is published in the June 2009 issue of the Bulletin of the World Health Organization .
" The economic gains that could be made if eyeglasses were provided to everyone in need are substantial , " said Kevin Frick , author of the study and an associate professor with the Bloomberg School 's Department of Health Policy and Management .
" Our research estimates $ 269 billion in productivity lost and nearly 158 million people are vision - impaired because of uncorrected refractive error -- which is correctable .
The Western Pacific region , which includes China and Vietnam , has the highest estimated number of cases of uncorrected refractive error at 62 million and is responsible for almost half of the potential loss of productivity .
The Southeast Asia region , encompassing Bangladesh , India and Nepal , has 48.7 million cases . "
Frick , along with colleagues , used conservative assumptions and national data to estimate the purchasing power , parity - adjusted gross domestic product loss for individuals with impaired vision and blindness , and for individuals with normal sight who provide them with informal care .
Researchers found that uncorrected refractive error has a potentially greater impact on the global economy than all other preventable vision disorders despite low - cost interventions such as eyeglasses .
" Apart from the moral obligation , this research indicates that there is a tremendous loss of human potential and lost productivity associated with avoidable blindness and impaired vision due to uncorrected refractive error , " said Frick .
" Potential lost productivity resulting from the global burden of uncorrected refractive error " was written by TST Smith , KD Frick , BA Holden , TR Fricke and KS Naidoo .
###
The site went from housing only a handful of pupils to having more than 380 , as well as a nursery .
Mr Disley has now spent more than £ 5,000 trying to block the noise out from his property and hiring expert consultants to measure noise levels .
Suspicious Patterns in the Iranian Election Results .
In examining the provincial breakdown of the Iranian election results , I noticed some strange things .
First , while Mousavi was leading Ahmadinejad by 2 to 1 in Tehran in a poll last week , Ahmadinejad won Tehran 52 % to 46 % in the reported election results .
In an authoritarian state , one would expect polling to understate the popularity of the opposition .
More seriously , the great enthusiasm and strong turnout in the election was presumed to be from those voting for Mousavi and change , but the official turnout in areas that favored Ahmadinejad most strongly was much higher than in areas where Mousavi did relatively well .
Here is the breakdown in the six provinces with turnouts over 90 % ( 91.6 % - 99.4 % turnouts ) :
Ahmad .
68 , Mousavi 31 Ahmad.
56 , Mousavi 42 Ahmad.
46 , Mousavi 34 Ahmad .
68 , Mousavi 31 Ahmad.
77 , Mousavi 22 Ahmad .
73 , Mousavi 26
All but two have Ahmadinejad receiving at least 68 % of the vote .
The unweighted average of these six high turnout provinces was Ahmadinejad 64.7 % , Mousavi 31.0 % .
In the next six highest turnout provinces , all six gave Ahmadinejad at least 69 % of the vote .
Here are the results in the six provinces with turnouts under 80 % ( 63.4 % - 79.2 % turnouts ) :
Ahmad . 53 , Mousavi 44 Ahmad. 47 , Mousavi 50 Ahmad .
65 , Mousavi 27 Ahmad.
46 , Mousavi 52 Ahmad. 59 , Mousavi 39 Ahmad .
51 , Mousavi 47
Note that all six low turnout provinces are recorded at 65 % or less for Ahmadinejad and five of the six are recorded as voting for Ahmadinejad by less than 60 % .
The unweighted average of these six low turnout provinces was Ahmadinejad 53.5 % , Mousavi 43.2 % .
In the provinces with the next six lowest turnouts , four provinces reported 66 % or fewer votes for Ahmadinejad .
I find it highly suspicious that the high turnout provinces tended to go stronger for Ahmadinejad than the low turnout provinces .
Of course , it is possible that the electorate did not trust the anonymity of the voting process , which might have led to a lower turnout in opposition strongholds .
Western Europe has gone through two major stages in its recent immigration history .
In the first stage , European leaders misjudged the effects of immigration and , in the second , they miscalculated how hard it would be to stop an immigration dynamic .
The arrival of families changed the immigrants ' attitudes towards religious and cultural values , transplanting honor culture , modesty standards , and attitudes toward women to the West .
Veiled women have now become a common sight on U.S. and European streets .
Background
Beginning in the mid-twentieth century , European countries have changed from net sources of emigration to attractive destinations for immigration .
Today Muslims , many from rural traditional areas , comprise the bulk of non-European immigrants to Europe .
Even those who have settled in cities retain a village mentality and are seen as backward by the business and cultural elites in their home countries .
Moroccans who settled in the Netherlands and Belgium , for example , are mostly Berbers from the Rif mountains , not the Arab cultural elite [ 1 ] from Casablanca , Rabat , or Fez .
These immigrants came to Europe in order to build railroads , work in the coal mines , clean streets , and do the jobs that Europeans did not want to do . [ 2 ]
Both " push " and " pull " factors affect immigration .
Push factors are those that lead the immigrant to leave his homeland while pull factors are those which attract him to a different country .
Europe and other Western liberal countries exert a strong pull on immigrants .
However , stopping immigration is not easy , if at all possible , since the same European liberal laws that attract immigrants also prevent states from acting to stop them from coming or , later , to deport them .
After World War II , countries such as France , Belgium , and Germany started to allow and even entice foreign workers to come .
The economic boom in those countries attracted immigrants , first from poor southern European countries such as Italy and Spain , and then from the far shores of the Mediterranean , North Africa , and the Middle East .
The United Kingdom attracted immigrants from throughout the British empire : Indians and Pakistanis came to Britain from the 1950s on , Bangladeshis from the 1970s .
France , Germany , and the Netherlands also attracted immigrants from their former colonies .
The host European governments understood these migrants to be temporary guest workers as did many of the migrants themselves .
The economic downturn in the early 1970s led European policymakers to realize that immigration was not always a positive phenomenon .
Many immigrants were suddenly unemployed , but they did not go back to their home countries .
As fears grew that foreign workers sought permanent residence , between 1973 and 1975 , Western European governments instituted an " immigration stop , " introducing restrictive measures to deter immigration and to put a stop to recruiting foreign labor .
This immigration stop had unforeseen consequences .
Migration of foreign workers dwindled , but the migration dynamic nevertheless continued .
Migrants residing in Europe could continue to sponsor their extended family 's immigration and , indeed , relaxation of restrictions on family reunification encouraged further immigration .
The time between the first proposals for a halt and their implementation exacerbated the problem as immigrants hurried to bring over their families , fearful that the doors to Europe would soon close forever .
Ironically , in the decades that have passed since the halt to immigration , more immigrants have come to Europe than in preceding decades .
Indeed , by looking at the number of immigrants in various countries , it would be difficult to determine how far back the block had been implemented in practice .
In the Netherlands , for example , the number of first - and second - generation Moroccan and Turkish immigrants has increased almost tenfold ( see Table 1 ) since the 1974 halt .
Researchers have long sought to chart the immigration dynamic and to predict future trends .
When Poland joined the European Union , forecasts of the number of Polish workers who would immigrate to the United Kingdom underestimated reality .
The British government expected 15,000 immigrants a year from the newly - admitted European Union countries but instead approved close to 430,000 applications in two years , a figure that does not include self - employed immigrants who could resettle without applying for a work permit . [ 3 ]
Even when the trend is known , forecasts tend to miscalculate reality .
A Dutch study from 1994 , for example , thought marriage immigration had already peaked .
[ 4 ]
However , a study from 2005 by a Dutch government agency , Statistics Netherlands , shows that between 1995 and 2003 , marriage immigration of Turks almost doubled , increasing from slightly less than 2,000 per year to close to 4,000 .
Marriage immigration of Moroccans in the same period tripled , increasing from slightly over 1,000 a year to about 3,000 .
This same study expects marriage immigration to peak by the mid 2020s , as second generation immigrants age . [ 5 ]
Table 1 : Moroccans and Turks in the Netherlands .
Source : " Ruim 850 duizend islamieten in Nederland , " Statistics Netherlands , Oct. 24 , 2007 ; Jorgen S. Nielsen , Muslims in Western Europe : Islamic Surveys ( Columbia University Press , Oct.1992 ) , pp. 60 - 1 .
Table 2 : Turks in Germany , 1973 - 2006
Source : Deutsche Welle ( Bonn ) , Mar. 1 , 2008 ; Jorgen S. Nielsen , Muslims in Western Europe : Islamic Surveys ( Columbia University Press , Oct.1992 ) , pp. 25 -6 .
In Germany , while the Turkish population stabilized briefly in the 1980s , [6 ] it later increased steadily despite the 1973 check on immigration ( see Table 2 ) .
Table 3 : Muslims in Norway , 1979 - 2005
Source : " Islam I Norge , " based on data from Knut A. Jacobsen , Dagfinn Rian , Kari Vogt , Verdensreligioner i Norge ( Oslo : Universitetsforlaget , 2005 ) ; Jorgen S. Nielsen , Muslims in Western Europe : Islamic Surveys ( New York : Columbia University Press , Oct. 1992 ) , pp. 84-6 .
And a 1997 study by the Norwegian Statistical Bureau found that 50 percent of immigrants had arrived since 1989 , and that 30 percent of the total immigrant community had arrived in just the past five years . [ 7 ]
And , according to the lowest available estimates , the number of North Africans in France tripled since the government started restricting immigration in 1974 ( see Table 4 ) .
Table 4 : North Africans in France , 1957 - 2003
Source : Michele Tribalat , " Counting France 's Numbers — Deflating the Numbers Inflation , " The Social Contract Journal , Winter 2003 - 04 ; Jorgen S. Nielsen , Muslims in Western Europe : Islamic Surveys ( Columbia University Press , Oct.1992 ) , pp. 8 - 9 .
An Immigration Dynamic
While North African and Middle Eastern immigrants to Europe initially focused on filling the labor market for short periods of time before returning home after a few years , after the immigration stop the new immigrants were whole families — husbands , wives , and children — who left their homeland behind to settle permanently in Europe .
The arrival of families both changed the scale of immigration and the entire character of the immigrant communities .
Immigrants now grew concerned about schooling , health care , and proper housing .
Families also changed the immigrants ' attitudes towards religious and cultural values .
Whereas single workers either isolated themselves or sought to experience the more liberal lifestyle of Europe , the arrival of families led immigrants to transport their honor culture and modesty standards to the West and to put into practice their attitudes toward women .
And while temporary workers accepted basement mosques as a temporary solution to their communal prayer needs , with increasing numbers and the presence of families , these were no longer adequate .
Immigrant parents brought their children to the West to give them new opportunities , but they did not want them to fall prey to Western temptations .
Immigration is a personal decision .
However , once many people make the decision to leave their home country , the flow of immigrants takes on a life of its own .
This immigration dynamic is hard , if not impossible , to stop .
Immigrants choose to go to destinations with which they are acquainted and about which they have heard from friends and relatives who immigrated previously .
Such destinations provide informal support structures and social networks .
This leads to a situation where immigrants from a certain home area all congregate in a certain area in the host country , thereby leading to immigrant ghettoes .
In the United States , for example , Minneapolis - St. Paul has become an unlikely immigrant ghetto for Somalis , and Los Angeles — " Tehrangeles " — is an immigrant destination for Iranians .
In Belgium , similarly , immigrants from the Turkish city of Emirdağ and its vicinity settled in Brussels and Ghent . [ 8 ]
According to one emigrant from Emirdağ , it is common knowledge that family and friends live on the same street or neighborhood in Belgium as they do " back home . " [ 9 ]
In the Netherlands , many of the Moroccans come from the Rif mountain town of al - Hoceima ; Bangladeshis , mostly coming from the northeastern Sylhet area , came to the United Kingdom and settled in the East London boroughs , particularly in Tower Hamlets .
Pakistanis , mostly from Kashmir and the Punjab , settled in Birmingham , with another large concentration in Bradford .
The immigrants who first came to the country set the way for their compatriots to follow .
Pakistanis , Vietnamese , and more recently , Iraqis , are the largest groups of non-European immigrants in Norway .
North Africans and Albanians make up the largest groups in Italy .
The more people emigrate from a certain town or village , the more likely it becomes that their neighbors or their neighbors ' children will follow in their path .
The immigration dynamic means that entire generations of children in villages and towns across the Third World grow up knowing that they are likely to immigrate in the future , either by marrying a cousin or by other means .
Europe today offers unique possibilities .
It is much closer to North Africa and Turkey than other immigration countries such as the United States , Canada , or Australia and can be reached without air travel .
Additionally , freedom of travel within Europe enables immigrants to start in the most accessible country and later make their way to their true destination .
This is especially true with asylum seekers , who may arrive in Greece or Italy , for example , but then try to make their way to " easier " countries like Sweden or Norway . [ 10 ]
Technological advances have also changed immigration .
Travel accessibility has transformed journeys of months or years into hours or days .
Major European air carriers offer direct flights connecting Europe to the Middle East and Asia .
Even after the immigrant has arrived , he can keep in constant contact with his home country : by phone and the Internet or via satellite television . [ 11 ]
He can also return for summer vacations .
Whereas immigrants of the past had little choice but to assimilate into their host countries , today , they can retain their native identities to the exclusion of the national identity of their new home .
In many cases , the immigrant " sojourns , " [ 12 ] living in both countries , setting up two residences and splitting his time between his new country and his homeland .
Sojourning not only retards integration but also ensures continuation of the immigration dynamic since the immigrant 's countrymen back home are continuously in touch and reminded of the wealth that immigration offers .
Immigrants tend to invest back in their home country , building palatial residences to show their success in Europe .
There are entire neighborhoods in some countries that were built by emigrants who rarely live there : " Little Norway " in Gujarat , Pakistan , [ 13 ] or the " Belgian Neighborhood " in Tangier . [ 14 ]
These neighborhoods usually only come to life in the summer when the immigrants return for annual vacations .
Investing in the home country also means less money to invest in day - to - day life in their new country .
Immigrants might still be living in squalid conditions in Paris or Amsterdam , but their relatives in Morocco and Turkey can be satisfied with their success .
Among Turkish immigrants in Belgium , there are those who borrow money to buy an expensive car for the summer trip to Turkey in order to show that they have succeeded in Europe .
They then sell the car upon their return to Europe . [ 15 ]
The " Belgian neighborhood " in Tangier was supposedly built with the savings and child benefits of the immigrants . [ 16 ]
Current Immigration : Family Reunification
Currently , immigration to Europe is possible through several channels : through an employment or student permit for skilled workers , by marriage immigration and family reunification , or asylum and illegal immigration .
Skilled foreign workers and students are considered the ideal immigrants though this immigration has a negative effect on their home countries .
Third World countries need trained doctors , engineers , and academics to push their economy forward .
The " brain drain " encourages further immigration and retards progress .
Family reunification is one of the most common ways to immigrate to Europe today .
This means that immigration laws in host countries have transformed immigrant youth into virtual human visas .
The commonality of cousin marriages to aid the extended family or to keep resources within the family encourages marriages between immigrants and family members back in the host country .
The Western legal system reinforces tribal marriage patterns by giving families incentives to use marriage to work around the European immigration system .
In Norway , for example , the proportion of cousin- marriages within the Pakistani immigrant community is greater than in Pakistan itself . [ 17 ]
Marriage immigration also perpetuates itself .
Studies show that the age at which an immigrant woman first becomes a mother increases and the number of children decreases the longer her family is in Europe . [ 18 ]
That is , a first generation immigrant would exhibit behavior closer to her native country while a second and third generation immigrant would tend to be more similar to the local population .
Marriage immigration therefore ensures a continued high level of fertility among the immigrant population .
Many forecasts regarding the Muslim immigration to Europe expect that immigrant Muslims will eventually integrate into society .
However , marriage immigration ensures that the immigrant population never progresses past the stage of first and second generation immigrants , frustrating integration .
Also hampering demographic forecasts is the fact that many second generation immigrants prefer to marry spouses from their parents ' home country .
Studies among Moroccan and Turkish youth in Belgium show that they often prefer to marry spouses from " back home " rather than marrying a fellow second generation immigrant like themselves . [ 19 ]
Boys , dissatisfied with what they see as the Westernization of immigrant women , opt for more traditional women from the home country .
Moroccan immigrant youth visiting their home country are often accosted with offers of sex and money in exchange for a visa by local girls desperate to get to the " Promised Land . " [ 20 ]
Girls , on the other hand , are dissatisfied with what they see as the lower - class behaviors of many immigrant men and their attitudes towards marriage and women and , therefore , opt for a more " open , " gentlemanly , and educated man , also from back home .
The market value of legal immigrant women is especially high .
[ 21 ]
In Norway , marriageable Muslim girls are sometimes called " gilded paper " or " visa . " [ 22 ]
Marrying a husband from the home country has the additional benefit that the wife can be quite sure her new in - laws will not interfere in her marriage .
This is important as it is traditional among immigrants for the new couple to live in the house of the husband 's parents and under their authority until they have children .
Current Immigration : Asylum Seekers
Traditionally , asylum was reserved for those who fled persecution .
Before the immigration stop , some asylum seekers came as economic migrants without bothering to go through the official process of being recognized as refugees .
After the immigration stop , the process changed and many economic migrants started posing as refugees as a " consciously planned act of subversion . " [ 23 ]
Asylum seekers enter the country as illegal immigrants , destroying their papers and lying as much as necessary to achieve their objective — a new life in Europe .
Today , those who cannot immigrate through marriage often choose the asylum process regardless of their situation back home .
Only a minority of asylum seekers are quota refugees for whom the United Nations has recognized their status during a stay in refugee camps ahead of their travel to Europe .
Most refugees enter Europe illegally , which requires paying smugglers and sometimes obtaining fake documents .
These refugees make their way to the country most likely to accept their application .
In recent years , Iraqi and Afghan refugees crossed several European states in order to claim asylum in Sweden and Norway , countries which have more liberal asylum laws .
And many of those seeking asylum exaggerate or fabricate persecution claims creating an absurd situation whereby asylum seekers , claiming shelter in Europe , spend holidays on vacation in their countries of origin . [ 24 ]
Still , there are real cases of political persecution .
Beginning in the 1950s , many Muslim students arrived in Germany not only to take advantage of the technical education in German universities but also to escape political persecution by secular , military leaders such as Gamal Abdel Nasser , bent on eradicating Islamist groups back home . [ 25 ]
One of these exiles was Said Ramadan , son - in - law of Muslim Brotherhood founder Hassan al - Banna , and father of Tariq Ramadan .
Said Ramadan was granted asylum in Switzerland where he continued working for Muslim Brotherhood interests .
The trend has accelerated into the 1980s and 1990s as Islamist activists fled intensified domestic crackdowns in Syria , North Africa , and Egypt .
However , unlike many asylum seekers who sought to flee oppression , these refugees sought to replicate it , plotting the replacement of secular dictatorships with religious dictatorships .
They cared little for the values of liberal democracy even as they sought to utilize it for their own purposes .
European officials , perhaps for reasons of moral equivalency , granted such activists asylum without regard to what caused the persecution against them in the first place .
Using their new European base , many of these Islamist activists continued in their struggle for regime change in their homelands , creating networks that at times became the basis for today 's European Muslim terrorist networks .
As one Egyptian official said , " European countries like Denmark , Sweden , Switzerland , England and others , which give sanctuary to these terrorists should now understand it will come back to haunt them where they live . " [ 26 ]
The idea of " refugee " has degenerated so much that , during the war in Afghanistan , British officials granted asylum to Taliban fighters . [ 27 ]
Conversely , Islamic countries can also produce refugees who flee strict application of Islamic law , individuals such as homosexuals , converts from Islam to other religions , or members of persecuted minorities , such as the Ahmadiyya in Pakistan , or the Jews in Yemen who may face capital punishment for their beliefs or actions . [ 28 ]
However , such a trend can encourage fraud .
For example , after the Norwegian government granted automatic residence permits to persecuted homosexuals , fifty Iranian asylum seekers claimed to be persecuted homosexuals .
At least one married in Iran and after receiving asylum proceeded to request family reunification .
Several others reported doubtful stories but were given asylum anyway . [ 29 ]
Likewise , the decision to grant automatic residence permits to converts from Islam — even those who converted after arriving in Europe — encourages more abuse . [ 30 ]
In Norway , one hundred Afghan refugees converted to Christianity after the rejection of their initial asylum claims . [ 31 ]
While European governments do reject the applications of many asylum seekers , this does not mean the individuals leave or are deported .
Perhaps 80 percent of asylum seekers stay in Europe after the rejection of their application . [ 32 ]
There are many reasons why asylum seekers are not immediately deported .
The West 's liberal court systems allow for appeals and for further review after a decision by the first instance of justice .
Death sentences in the home country , seen as inhumane by the Europeans , or refusal by the home country to accept its own citizens back can also prevent deportation .
Others simply disappear , continuing to live in the country as undocumented illegal immigrants .
The result is that those detained in camps for months or years before the completion of court processes are removed from productivity and learn to live at public expense .
In the years of legal battles , prospective asylum seekers are willing to do everything in order to ensure their stays .
Children are kept as virtual hostages without knowing their own family abroad , without learning their original mother tongue , and without being able to integrate in their original homelands as a last resort for a residence permit on grounds of humane consideration should the asylum battle fail . [ 33 ]
Those who live illegally do not pay taxes and cannot enjoy the full benefits of a welfare society .
However , as more illegal immigrants arrive in a country , pressure grows to regularize them by awarding them amnesty and residence permits .
Though regularization deals with the humanitarian aspects of the illegal immigrant 's situation , it also gives incentives for illegal behavior and further immigration .
In Belgium , for example , illegal immigrants have protested in recent years for regularization .
Such protests have involved squatting in churches and climbing high - rise cranes .
This creates an irony in which state attempts to stop immigration are thwarted by institutions — such as churches — that are subsidized by the state itself .
The Belgian protests are aided by pro-immigrant groups , many of which the state also subsidizes .
The Challenge of Stopping Immigration
European governments are aware of the problem .
Since the immigration stop of the 1970s , there have been several attempts to halt or slow down the immigration flow .
Some European governments seek to discourage emigration by improving the life conditions of the prospective emigrant in his home country or by trying to scare prospective immigrants through ad campaigns that show the horrors of life as an illegal immigrant .
In 2007 , Spain ran an ad campaign in West Africa warning Africans not to risk their lives in futile illegal immigration . [ 34 ]
Ignorance contributes to immigration .
Researchers studying Turkish marriage immigrants who immigrated to Belgium found that children and adults growing up in Turkey in an emigration town , that is , a town where most of the residents either emigrated or wanted to emigrate , were unaware of the basic facts of European life .
They knew about the high unemployment benefits but were not aware that basic necessities were much more expensive .
One marriage - migrant interviewee admitted frankly that life in Belgium was not what he had expected .
However , when he tried warning the youth in his hometown of the hardships of immigration , he was accused of wanting to keep new - found wealth to himself . [ 35 ]
The problem with both methods is that a European lifestyle is based not only on material wealth but also on the rights and privileges of a liberal democracy .
Even if it were easy to try to create jobs and affluence in countries such as Tunisia — which it is not — it would be harder to change the fabric of the legal system in a liberalizing direction .
Several countries have also tried unsuccessfully to convince immigrants to leave their new homes by offering incentives and continued welfare support for those who return to their native countries .
Two such programs in France , the first in 1977 and the second in 2005 , ended in failure .
Creating incentives for departure might also backfire by encouraging migration for the purpose of collecting the offered benefits and by convincing those in the home country that Europe is drowning in cash , ready to be exploited .
As many countries become aware that the long - term effects of a brain drain outweigh any short - term benefits from remittances , some have themselves begun to discourage emigration .
The Algerian Ministry of Religious Affairs , for example , issued a fatwa ( religious edict ) decreeing that illegal immigrants who die at sea have committed suicide , a sin in Islam . [ 36 ]
Tightening immigration laws is an obvious strategy but one that is undercut by inconsistent regulations among EU states .
Sweden , long the destination of choice for Iraqi asylum seekers , saw claims drop after it tightened its regulations although there was an increase in asylum claims in neighboring Norway during the same period .
Tough marriage immigration laws in the Netherlands likewise encouraged the creation of the " Belgian Route , " in which the non -EU spouse first comes to Belgium , using that country 's laxer marriage - immigration laws .
After the couple stay in the country for the minimum amount of time required by EU law , they move to the Netherlands .
A recent EU Court decision , however , scrapped the requirement for a minimum stay and rejected any national restrictions on free movement . [ 37 ]
Judicial activism compounds the problem when courts create new legislation by imposing their own opinions on elected lawmakers .
In two such recent cases , for example , courts struck down laws intended to prevent immigration .
A court in Amsterdam rejected a requirement for immigrants from certain countries to undergo integration testing and to prove their knowledge of Dutch language and culture in their home countries before receiving a visa to the Netherlands for marriage immigration . [ 38 ]
The high court in Belgium struck down a law preventing the children of polygamous marriages from immigrating to Belgium in order to reunite with their father and , thereby , opened the option for the polygamous spouse to do the same . [ 39 ]
As these countries are EU members , they also subordinate national law to European Union directives and to the decisions of the European Court .
For example , in recent years , both Denmark and the Netherlands have passed laws limiting family reunification .
In both cases , marriage immigration dropped significantly from about 60 to 38 percent in four years , 2001 - 05 , for Denmark , [ 40 ] and from 56 to 27 percent for Dutch Turks and 57 to 23 percent for Dutch Moroccans over a five year period beginning in 2001 . [ 41 ]
However , in July 2008 , the European Court prohibited member states from denying residence permits to non-EU spouses of EU citizens or residents . [ 42 ]
This ruling caused a political crisis in Denmark , but it holds for all other countries as well , and in practice prevents them from stopping marriage immigration .
Conclusion
It will be far more difficult to stop immigration than it was to initiate the immigration flow .
A unified European approach , slashing the time to process requests and achieve final adjudication might help to decrease immigration .
Immigration to Europe might have developed differently with tougher , more restrictive immigration policies , but as long as Europe offers opportunities for work , education , and personal safety , and as long as it offers a liberal democracy with the rights and privileges such a lifestyle entails , it will continue to attract mass immigration .
The West has always been proud of its moral standard of protecting human rights and giving refuge to persecuted individuals .
Referral to human rights has catalyzed immigration .
For example , the right to marry is recognized as a fundamental right that in many European countries brings conveyance of citizenship .
However , in a society where arranged marriages are the norm and forced marriages are common , the right to marry can easily place the law on the side of the aggressor who coerces somebody else to marry rather than the victim .
Redefining refugee status by creating so many categories that fulfil it renders that status meaningless .
Not only does it encourage economic immigration , it actually hurts those who truly need refuge .
Esther Ben-David is an independent researcher of Islam in Europe .
Her blog at islamineurope .
blogspot.com offers translations of news stories and studies from various European sources .
[ 1 ] Anja van Heelsum , " Moroccan Berbers in Europe , the US and Africa and the Concept of Diaspora , " Institute for Migration and Ethnic Studies , University of Amsterdam , June 20 , 2003 .
[ 2 ] Ural Manço , " Turks in Europe : From a Garbled Image to the Complexity of Migrant Social Reality , " Centre d'Etudes Sociologiques , Facultes Universitaires Saint - Louis , Brussels , Belgium , accessed Dec. 30 , 2008 .
[ 3 ] BBC News , Aug. 22 , 2006 .
[ 4 ]
Hans Van Amersfoort and Rinus Penninx , " Regulating Migration in Europe : The Dutch Experience , 1960 - 92 , " Strategies for Immigration Control : An International Comparison [ Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science ] ( London : Sage Publications , 1994 ) , pp. 133-46 .
[ 5 ] Maarten Alders , " Prognose van gezinsvormende migratie van Turken en Marokkanen , " Bevolkingstrends , 2nd quarter , 2005 , pp. 46-9 .
[ 6 ] Jorgen S. Nielsen , Muslims in Western Europe : Islamic Surveys ( New York : Columbia University Press , Oct.1992 ) , pp. 25 -6 .
[ 7 ]
Unni Wikan , Generous Betrayal : Politics of Culture in the New Europe ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 2001 ) , pp. 234 , ftnt . 24 .
[ 8 ] Ibid .
[ 9 ] Ibid. , p. 201-2 .
[ 10 ] The Local ( Stockholm ) , Nov. 29 , 2007 .
[ 11 ] BBC News , Aug. 16 , 2006 .
[ 12 ] Wikan , Generous Betrayal , p. 194 .
[ 13 ] Ibid. , p. 242 , ftnt .
76 .
[ 14 ]
Hind Fraihi , Undercover in Klein - Marokko , Achter de Gesloten Duren van de Radicale Islam ( Leuven : Uitgeverij Van Halewyck , 2006 ) , p. 78 .
[ 15 ] Hilâl Yalçin , Ina Lodewyckx , Rudy Marynissen , and Rut Van Caudenberg , Verliefd verloofd ..gemigreerd .
Een onderzoek naar Turkse huwelijksmigratie in Vlaanderen , ( Antwerp : Steunpunt Gelijkekansenbeleid , University of Antwerp - University of Hasselt , 2006 ) , p. 186-91 .
[ 16 ] Fraihi , Undercover in Klein - Marokko , p. 78 .
[ 17 ] Dagens Medisin ( Oslo ) , Mar. 8 , 2007 .
[ 18 ] Joop Garssen and Han Nicolaas , " Fertility of Turkish and Moroccan Women in the Netherlands : Adjustment to native level within one generation , " Demographic Research , July 18 , 2008 , pp. 1249-80 .
[ 19 ] Ina Lodewyckx , Johan Geets , and Christiane Timmerman , reds . , Aspecten van Marokkaanse huwelijksmigratie en Marokkaans familierecht ( Antwerp : Steunpunt Gelijkekansenbeleid , University of Antwerp - University of Hasselt , 2006 ) ; Yalçin , et. al. , Verliefd verloofd ..gemigreerd .
Een onderzoek naar Turkse huwelijksmigratie in Vlaanderen , p. 160 .
[ 20 ] Fraihi , Undercover in Klein - Marokko , p. 54 .
[ 21 ] Van Amersfoort and Penninx , " Regulating Migration in Europe : The Dutch Experience , 1960 - 92 , " pp. 133-46 .
[ 22 ]
Wikan , Generous Betrayal , p. 216 .
[ 23 ] Ibid. , pp. 39 - 41 .
[ 24 ]
Aftenposten ( Oslo ) , May 15 , 2007 .
[ 25 ] Lorenzo Vidino , " The Muslim Brotherhood 's Conquest of Europe , " Middle East Quarterly , Winter 2005 , pp. 25 -34 .
[ 26 ]
The Houston Chronicle , Sept. 24 , 1995 .
[ 27 ] Lorenzo Vidino , Al Qaeda in Europe : The New Battleground of International Jihad ( Amherst : Prometheus Books , 2006 ) , pp. 46-7 .
[ 28 ]
See , for example , Andrew Hollin , " Dissident Watch : Mehdi Kazemi , " Middle East Quarterly , Fall 2008 , p. 96 .
[ 29 ] VG Nett ( Oslo ) , June 6 , 2006 .
[ 30 ] Nederlands Dagblad ( Barneveld ) , July 4 , 2008 .
[ 31 ] Dagbladet ( Oslo ) , July 18 , 2008 .
[ 32 ]
Wikan , Generous Betrayal , pp. 39 - 41 .
[ 33 ]
Aftenposten , July 27 , 2007 .
[ 34 ] BBC News , Sept. 20 , 2007 .
[ 35 ] Yalçin , et. al. , Verliefd verloofd ..gemigreerd .
Een onderzoek naar Turkse huwelijksmigratie in Vlaanderen , pp. 186-91 .
[ 36 ] Adnkronos International News , Apr. 29 , 2008 .
[ 37 ] Metock and Others , Case C127/08 , The Court of Justice of the European Communities , July 25 , 2008 .
[ 38 ]
De Telegraaf ( Amsterdam ) , July 15 , 2008 .
[ 39 ] HLN , July 10 , 2008 .
[ 40 ]
The Copenhagen Post , Nov. 7 , 2007 .
[ 41 ]
" Minder migratiehuwelijken Turken en Marokkanen , " Netherlands Statistics , The Hague and Heerlen , Jan. 7 , 2008 , accessed Jan. 16 , 2008 .
[ 42 ] Metock and Others , Case C‑127/08 .
" Poor information " ?
That 's a bizarre accusation considering that the primary source of information for my original blog post was ... Harold Jackson .
Thanks to my communication with Harold , I was able to report accurately that Yoo had been offered a contract in 2008 ( He told me " late last year , " although he later told the New York Times more specifically October ) .
My piece also reported factually that a ) there was no formal announcement of Yoo 's column either by way of a press release or a standalone article , as had been the case with several other high - profile columnists and b ) I , and others I spoke with who work at either the Daily News or Inquirer , were not aware that Yoo was a regular monthly columnist .
I did n't make any kind of broader accusation along those lines -- frankly that whole section of my original post was not even that central to the post , but merely to explain why I ( and some other bloggers ) were speaking aggressively about Yoo now , several months into his contract .
( Ironically , it was n't me or one of " those bloggers " who made a big deal about a possible disclosure issue , but a reporter for the New York Times .
I 'm sure we 'll all discuss it at our next " blogger ethics panel . " )
I do still find it odd , however , that the bio line at the end of Yoo 's columns does n't mention that he worked for the Bush Justice Department , his main " qualification , " -- but Harold did n't address that .
ui
uj
uj
ij
ij
uj
uj
ij
uj
uj
uj
uj
ij
ij
ij
ij
ij
ij
ij
ij
i1
i2
i3
ij
ij
Netflix launched its million dollar contest — improve their movie rating prediction system by 10 % — nearly three years ago , and like most computer science graduate students , I downloaded the data and got to work .
The 10 % mark proved a magic number for Netflix .
6 % and the competition would have been over in a few months ; 11 % and it might never have ended .
Next week ( July 26 , 2009 ) , the winners will be announced .
As this contest has been documented at some length ( New York Times Magazine Wired Magazine ) , I ’ll skip the setup and instead describe what has been learned about predicting the ratings people give to movies .
To whet the appetite , first consider these two curious graphs .
I ’ll get to them soon .
The simplest model for predicting a new rating is to just guess a single number each time .
What number to guess ?
The one that minimizes the prediction error .
This happens to be the mean ( 3.7 stars I think ) .
But while we have a very robust estimate of the rating mean , derived from 100 million examples , our model is too simple , and the error rate is around 1.05 stars ( the Netflix “ Cinematch ” system is off by 0.95 stars ; the winning system is off by 0.85 stars ) .
Let ’s make the model a little fancier .
We ’ll add an offset for each movie and for each user to acknowledge that " The Shawshank Redemption " is better than average and I am more critical than average .
The predicted rating according to the new model is the overall mean plus a movie offset plus a user offset .
My predicted rating for Shawshank Redemption might be 3.7 ( overall mean ) + 0.8 ( Shawshank offset ) – 0.3 ( my offset ) = 4.2 .
This new model , which adds 500,000 user parameters and 20,000 movie parameters , improves the error rate to 0.97 stars .
Again the parameters are estimated from the training data to minimize the error rate .
We ’ll call the estimate from this model , the baseline predicted rating for userand item ( I ’ll use item instead of movie because these methods are generally applicable ) .
Next , we ’d like to improve our predictions by including information about similarities between movies — if I rated Rushmore highly , I ’m likely to rate " The Royal Tennenbaums " highly too .
So lets add to our baseline another offset , attributed to similarities with a movie ’s neighbors .
Say we ’re trying to predict my rating for " The Royal Tennenbaums " ( ) .
For every other movieI ’ve rated , we compute ( , whereis the weight we want to place on movie — large ifandare similar .
Then , if the rating I gave to movie ) is higher than expected ( ) , and movieis very similar to movieis large ) , we boost our new prediction for movie .
If the rating I gave to movieis just about what the baseline expected , then ( ) will be close to zero , and we wo n’t adjust our new prediction forregardless of the similarity .
Our final new prediction for movieis estimated as the baseline prediction plus the sum of all the values ( , one for each moviethat I ’ve rated .
This all seems very sensible , but where do we get , the similarity between movieand ?
As with the simpler models , we estimate these parameters from the training data to minimize the prediction error rate .
This estimation problem is no longer a matter of calculating averages .
We want the set ofs ( there are 20,000 * 20,000 = 400,000,000 of them ) such that the sum of the differences between real ratings and predicted ratings over the 100,000,000 examples in the training data is as small as possible .
How do we go about finding this set , a tiny needle in an giant haystack ?
Here is the key .
Consider two sets of values for , A and B . Suppose set A gives a lower error rate predicting the ratings in the training data than set B .
Then set A is closer to the best possible set ofs than set B .
Put another way , if thes are at a local minimum — small changes in the values give worse predictions — then this is the best solution , globally .
The minimization function is convex .
This means that we can go about finding the best set ofs simply by comparing our current set with some other one , and keeping whichever works better .
Practically , we choose the direction to move according to the derivative of the minimization function , but that ’s starting to get too technical .
Read about stochastic gradient descent if you want to know more .
So to learn the best set ofs , we start with some initial guess ( maybe every similarity is 0.5 ) .
Then try predicting the rating that usergave to movie .
Compare the prediction to the real rating , and adjust the relevant parameters : , and so on .
Then move on to the next rating .
One pass through the entire dataset , 100 million examples , is called an iteration .
It takes around 20 iterations to find the best estimates of .
Each iteration takes around an hour on a reasonable computer .
This method , with a few adjustments , can reduce the error rate to around 0.90 stars .
So how do you get down to 0.85 stars ?
One of the most important insights is that ratings change over time , as the graphs above suggest .
For each movie , ratings increase over time — on average nearly 10 % over 5 years .
The best explanation for this phenomenon is that people are less discriminating when they rent new releases .
To rent an older movie , they need more encouragement — some indication that they will like it — so these end up better matched to their tastes .
There is something more insidious going on in the first plot : 1500 days after Netflix began collecting rating data , the average rating jumped strikingly , from 3.4 to 3.6 all at once .
One hypothesis is that Netflix changed their recommendation system in 2004 , improving the match between users and movies .
A second , somewhat more appealing hypothesis is that the text accompanying the star ratings changed from an objective scale ( excellent , good , fair , … ) to a subjective scale ( loved it , liked it , … ) , and people are less accommodating when they think they need to be objective .
Regardless of the underlying causes , modeling temporal dynamics is clearly valuable .
Scaling the ratings based on absolute date and the time since their release allows for more meaningful comparison between ratings — like adjusting for inflation .
Such adjustments can reduce the error rate to 0.89 stars .
What ’s left ?
Dimensionality reduction methods attempt to represent each movie and user as a short list of factors ( violence , comedy , etc… , but because the factors are derived purely statistically , they have no such simple meanings ) .
Including such a technique , like Singular Value Decomposition , in the baseline estimate ( above ) is good for an error rate of 0.88 .
The rest of gap seems to be covered by combining a wide variety of methods , all variants of what I ’ve just described .
Remember how we computed item - item similarities ?
Well we could have used user - user similarites instead .
In the end , four teams all combined results ( probably estimating a final rating by taking a weighted average of all the different systems ’ predicted ratings ) .
I imagine each system as a blurry lens ; stacking up a whole bunch of blurry lenses at slightly different angles , we manage to reduce the blur just a little bit .
Yehuda Koren , a member of the winning team , has written some very nice papers about his work on the contest , on which I based this article .
Bellkor ’s Pragmatic Chaos , the webpage for the winning team , has a number of related links . -
An article in IEEE Spectrum written by members of the winning team . -
The official Netflix Prize leaderboard
Akhbar al - Khaleej is a leading independent daily in Bahrain
Bahrain has ordered the closure of a prominent newspaper after it printed an article critical of political leaders in its powerful Gulf neighbour Iran .
No official reason was given for the closure of Akhbar al - Khaleej apart from that it had violated press laws .
Local sources said it was connected to a piece about Iran 's election crisis by a consultative council member .
Correspondents say Sunni-ruled Bahrain is wary of unrest being stirred up among the majority Shia population .
In the article entitled the Islamic Republic : Vehement Public Anger , Samira Rajab attacked Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and the Islamic revolutionary regime .
Poll winner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad won the election thanks to " millions of fraudulent votes " , the article alleged .
" After 30 years , the cover has been pulled away ... and Islamic democracy has been shown in its most repugnant dictatorial forms , " the article said .
The writer , who like Iran 's leaders is a Shia Muslim , also referred to speculation that Mr Ahmadinejad may have Jewish ancestors .
The Bahraini Journalists Association expressed concern at the decision by the Ministry of Culture to suspend the publication of the paper until further notice , inviting it to reconsider it " to promote the atmosphere of freedom and democracy in Bahrain " .
There are long - running tensions between Bahrain 's Sunnis and the Shia Muslim majority , which have on occasion spilled over into civil unrest .
<< Home Niagara Falls Reporter Archive >>
WHY I'M LEAVING NEW YORK
Guest View by Tom Golisano
I love New York .
But how much should it cost to call New York home ?
Decades of out - of - control budgets , spending increases and relentless borrowing have made New York simply too expensive .
Politicians like to talk about incentives -- incentives for businesses to relocate , incentives to buy local and incentives to make smart decisions .
After reviewing the 2009 budget , I have identified the most compelling incentive of all : a major tax break immediately available to all New Yorkers .
To be eligible , you need only do one thing : move out of New York state .
Last week I spent 90 minutes doing a couple simple things : registering to vote , changing my driver 's license , filling out a domicile certificate and signing a homestead certificate -- in Florida .
Combined with spending 184 days a year outside New York , these simple procedures will save me over $ 5 million in New York taxes annually .
That savings does n't include that Florida has a 6 percent sales tax , compared to New York 's 8 percent or more .
Florida has lower utility taxes and lower gasoline taxes .
The Florida homestead certificate guarantees my property taxes will not grow more than 3 percent .
By moving to Florida , I can spend that money on worthy causes , like better hospitals and improving education , and on worthy projects like the Clinton Global Initiative .
Or maybe I will continue to invest that money in fighting the status quo in Albany .
One thing is certain :
That money will not continue to fund Albany 's bloated bureaucracy , corrupt politicians or regular handouts to the special interests .
How did we get here in the first place ?
It all starts with spending , spending and more spending .
BUDGET SPENDING
New York 's budget was $ 72.7 billion in 1999 .
Ten years later , it has ballooned to $ 131.8 billion .
That growth is astounding , but it continues to get worse .
Each year , New York 's budget has had 6 percent compounded growth , double the average rate of inflation ( 2.8 percent ) .
Florida 's budget , on the other hand , went down 8 percent this year .
HEALTH CARE SPENDING New York spends $ 2,283 per person on Medicaid .
That 's the highest per capita spending in the nation and twice the national average .
In the last decade , the Medicaid budget has grown by 50 percent ( $ 30 billion in 1999 and $ 45 billion in 2009 ) .
In almost every sector ( hospitals , nursing homes , medicine , clinics , and home and community care ) , spending per recipient regularly exceeds the national average .
Faced with escalating costs and diminishing returns , Albany and their allies , the health care unions ( SEIU has over 300,000 politically active members ) , had only one answer : Increase taxes .
EDUCATION SPENDING
New York spends the most per pupil in America on education , spending 63 percent above the national average .
Costs went up about 60 percent in the last decade ( $ 12.7 billion in 1999 and $ 20.7 billion in 2009 ) .
Like health care , education is something worth spending on and worth investing in , but we 're spending more and getting less .
New York City schools graduated 54 percent of high school students in 2007 , Buffalo 47 percent and Rochester 45 percent .
Why ?
Perhaps it 's because the New York state teachers union , with its $ 114 million budget , is always trying to convince Albany to spend more .
Maybe it 's because it 's mandatory that all teachers pay union dues .
Whatever the cause , when faced with potential cuts , the union and their allies have one response : Increase taxes .
LOCAL GOVERNMENT SPENDING
It 's not just the state .
It 's the range and breadth of New York layers of governments and special taxing districts .
In New York , the average state and local tax burden is $ 5,260 for every man , woman and child .
That 's by far the highest in the country .
Like Albany , when faced with a difficult problem , these municipalities have one answer : Increase taxes .
Upstate New York has been particularly hard hit .
Add unreasonable real estate taxes to the uncontrolled state spending , and you have whole communities decimated .
The assessment process is unfair , unworkable and unreasonable , and the result is that 15 of the 20 highest taxed counties in America are right here in Upstate New York .
While homeowners in other areas build equity , we just pay more taxes .
NO ONE'S HOME
This problem did not begin with the current recession .
New York faced a $ 6 billion shortfall before the economic downturn .
However , in the face of economic turmoil Gov. Paterson , Speaker Silver and Majority Leader Smith looked to the unions and special interests , who answered with one voice : Raise taxes .
Among other taxes and fees , they raised the marginal tax rate on the most successful ( and most mobile ) New Yorkers to 8.97 percent , the second highest rate in the nation .
It was irresponsible and it may just prove to be counterproductive , since the top 1 percent of earners account for about 50 percent of state revenue .
We 're the ones who can -- and will -- leave .
It 's not an easy decision , but I 'm being forced away from my family and friends , a pain shared by too many parents and grandparents in this state .
I 'm leaving .
And by domiciling in Florida , I will personally save $ 13,800 every single day .
That 's a pretty strong incentive .
Like I said , I love New York , but I 'm not going to pay New York more for the waste , corruption and inefficiency that is New York state government .
Tom Golisano is the Chairman of the Board of Paychex , Inc. and the founder of the B. Thomas Golisano Foundation .
He created Responsible New York so the voices of ordinary New Yorkers can be heard over the special interests , to hold elected officials accountable and to advocate for government reform .
Neanderthal populations were sparsely distrubuted .
( Image : American Museum of Natural History )
For much of their 400,000 year history , Neanderthals were few and far between , a new analysis of genetic material from several of the extinct , ancient humans now suggests .
It ’s difficult to put a number on the population of a species based on DNA alone , but less than a few hundred thousand of the archaic humans roamed Europe and Asia at any one time , says Adrian Briggs , an evolutionary geneticist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig .
“ There never were million and millions of Neanderthals , ” he told New Scientist .
That conclusion is n’t exactly Earth - shattering .
Archaeological digs suggest that Neanderthals hardly lived in megacities , and the mitochondrial genome sequence from one individual found in Croatia also hints at low population sizes .
Advertisement
But the new findings represent the most detailed look at Neanderthal genetic diversity yet published .
Low diversity
What is most obvious is how little genetic heterogeneity they possessed .
The mitochondrial genomes of six Neanderthals recovered in Spain , Croatia , Germany and Russia differ at only 55 locations out of more than 16,000 letters .
This represents three times less mitochondrial diversity than modern humans possess .
.
Because of this low diversity , Briggs ’ team infers that Neanderthal populations must have been relatively small .
“ Populations with much larger sizes carry more genetic diversity , you have more individuals and more mutations , ” he says .
The researchers analysed bone samples that , by and large , came during the twilight of the Neanderthal ’s reign around 40,000 years ago .
Neanderthals probably went extinct somewhere between 24,000 and 28,000 years ago .
It ’s possible that Briggs ’ team has taken a genetic snapshot of a species on the verge of extinction , however other genetic clues indicate that Neanderthal populations stayed low for much of their history , he says .
Highs and lows
Neanderthal mitochondria were far more likely than humans or chimpanzees to contain potentially harmful mutations in mitochondrial genes that changed the shape of proteins , Brigg ’s team found .
Since these mutations incur an evolutionary cost , they will eventually be weeded out .
But this process occurs very slowly in small populations , Briggs says .
Hence , Neanderthals numbers probably stayed low for a long time .
Chris Stringer , a palaeontologist at the Natural History Museum in London , agrees that Neanderthal populations were probably small .
“ They must have been on the edge of extinction by this time to have so few people scattered in Europe , ” he says .
However during warm spells , their numbers and range probably swelled , only to contract in leaner times , Stringer says .
“ I think the numbers would have fluctuated .
They would have had good times and bad times , and this data reflect that in the last 100,000 years they were having bad times . ”
It ’s tempting to think that the arrival of modern humans to Europe about 45,000 years ago pushed Neanderthal numbers even lower by competing for increasingly scarce resources .
But the invading Homo sapiens would have been relatively rare too , Stringer says .
“ You ’ve got to consider the possibility that they might not have met each other that often . ”
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1174462 )
My Top 11 Favorite Atheist Quotes
These are my current ten eleven favorite quotes regarding atheism and religion .
“ Question with boldness even the existence of God ; because , if there be one , he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear . ”
– Thomas Jefferson
“ Why should I allow that same God to tell me how to raise my kids , who had to drown His own ? ”
— Robert G. Ingersoll
“ An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of support . ”
— John Buchan
“ Leave the matter of religion to the family altar , the church , and the private schools , supported entirely by private contributions .
Keep the church and the state forever separated . ”
— Ulysses S. Grant
“ Creationists make it sound like a ‘ theory ’ is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night . ”
— Isaac Asimov
“ In no instance have . . . the churches been guardians of the liberties of the people . ”
— James Madison
“ I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world . ”
— Richard Dawkins
“ Is n’t it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too ? ”
— Douglas Adams
“ I contend that we are both atheists .
I just believe in one fewer god than you do .
When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods , you will understand why I dismiss yours . ”
— Stephen Roberts
“ Since the Bible and the church are obviously mistaken in telling us where we came from , how can we trust them to tell us where we are going ? ”
— Anonymous
And what is currently my very favorite quote :
“ We godless lack that certainty , and we know the world is a complex place that requires compromise and is not ruled by a moral force — virtue is subject to negotiation , and is found in working together with others to find mutually satisfactory solutions .
Good is not absolute , it is an emergent property that arises from successful networks of individuals .
It is also something that is measured by evidence : we look at the good that people do , not the promises that they make and never keep , or the lies that dovetail nicely into dogma .
Competence is a virtue .
Intent is meaningless without action . ”
— PZ Myers
What are your favorite quotes ?
Young couple Madeleine and Neil are coaxed by acquaintance Monsieur Beaumont to get married on his Haitian plantation .
Beaumont 's motives are purely selfish as he makes every attempt to convince the beautiful young girl to run away with him .
For help Beaumont turns to the devious Legendre , a man who runs his mill by mind controlling people he has turned into zombies .
After Beaumont uses Legendre 's zombie potion on Madeleine , he is dissatisfied with her emotionless being and wants her to be changed back .
Legendre has no intention of doing this and he drugs Beaumont as well to add to his zombie collection .
Meanwhile , grieving ' widower '
Neil is convinced by a local priest that Madeleine may still be alive and he seeks her out .
Written by Gary Jackson < garyjack5@cogeco.ca >
The US is pondering a crackdown on peer - to - peer file sharing programs after details of a Secret Service safe - house location for President Barack Obama and his family were found being traded on LimeWire .
A senior US lawmaker has said that it may be time for the Government to regulate companies that provide online file - sharing services after several people managed to access confidential information .
Still smoking ... Barack Obama .
Credit : Reuters
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee chairman Edolphus Towns said during a hearing on the safety of peer - to - peer software that he was astonished at privacy breaches involving LimeWire , operated by the Lime Group .
LimeWire is used by internet users to find and share media files , which for the most part consists of illegally copied movies , music and games .
However , sometimes personal documents were shared inadvertently .
The events of 1989 reshaped the political world , prompting the collapse of Communist governments in Eastern Europe and eventually leading to the disintegration of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
Four Reasons for Humanistic Psychologists
to Advocate Anarchism
Summary
Humanistic psychologists concerned about global issues have at least four reasons to act upon Maslow 's ( 1971 ) call to investigate philosophical anarchism :
Rather than dismissing anarchist thought as utopian fantasy , psychologists should seek to establish as a long - range goal the creation of a stateless decentralized society composed of autonomous cooperative communities better suited to human needs and values .
Article
The morning newspaper often brings us word of continuing chaos in Beirut , or tyranny in Iran , or bombings in any one of a number of places around the world .
Whether the topic is faltering governments , mob rule , or terrorist violence , politicians , news commentators , and concerned citizens everywhere often come to describe these events with some variation of the sentence , " The situation has deteriorated into total anarchy ! "
The prospect of such anarchy , of course , is enough to send shudders through all those who have learned to equate a strong centralized government with peace and order .
This popular view of anarchy , however , is very different from the philosophy espoused by classical anarchists such as Petr Kropotkin ( 1902/1955 ) and modern anarchists such as Murray Bookchin ( 1971 , 1982 ; see also Pennock & Chapman , 1978 ; Ritter , 1980 ; and Taylor , 1982 ) .
The anarchist literature is a large one , in fact , and when Abraham Maslow ( 1971 ) urged intellectuals to investigate it , he certainly had more in mind than mindless chaos .
As many anarchists have pointed out , " the issue for anarchists is not whether there should be structure or order , but what kind there should be and what its sources ought to be " ( Barclay , 1982 , p. 17 ) .
Anarchists , who by definition reject the legitimacy and the necessity of the political state , argue that the development of the hierarchical centralized state has increasingly complicated the fulfillment of human needs .
And although Maslow considered anarchy to be the level of political and economic organization for those , as he put it , who have " transcended " self - actualization ( pp. 275-276 ) , others such as Erich Fromm , Paul Goodman , Noam Chomsky , and Seymour Sarason have found much in anarchist thought that is applicable even to those of us who have not yet reached the higher Maslovian stages .
It is my purpose here not only to urge humanistic psychologists to investigate anarchism on a theoretical level but to suggest as well that we should actually advocate the creation of an anarchist society .
Such a suggestion is in keeping with recent calls " to apply the skills and resources accumulated in humanistic psychology in the broad arena of social change " ( Campbell , 1984 , p. 26 ) , with increased awareness that purely personal transformation does not " inevitably lead to social transformation " ( Campbell , 1984 , P. 12 ) .
First , however , I would like to make it clear that although all anarchists maintain that society could proceed quite satisfactorily without the apparatus of the state , they do differ among themselves on a number of grounds , including the means that might be necessary to bring an anarchist society about .
For example , although it 's true that violent political action has been considered acceptable by many anarchists , it has been rejected by many others , such as Tolstoy and Paul Goodman , and anarchists today continue to disagree about the place of violence in political change ; the point here is that violence per se is not a necessary component of anarchist practice , and many would argue that in fact violence contradicts the essence of anarchism 's cooperative spirit ( see Falk , 1983 , for a discussion of the role of violence in anarchist thought ) .
In terms of the social - psychological implications of political philosophy , even more significant than the violence - nonviolence debate is the debate between anarchists on the political left and those on the political right .
Although all anarchists reject state control of the individual , anarchists on the right ( sometimes known as libertarians or anarchocapitalists ) embrace unregulated free - market capitalism as the epitome of human freedom ; those on the left , however ( sometimes known as anarchocommunists or libertarian socialists ) , reject capitalism as well as the state and advocate instead the establishment of a decentralized , federated ( but stateless ) system of smaller autonomous cooperative communities , each directly and democratically managed by the people themselves through the face - to - face interaction that is possible only in smaller groups .
It is this left - anarchist model of society that Maslow , Fromm , and other psychologists have found of interest , and the one that is being considered here .
Many of the points that anarchists have raised in defense of their point of view can be placed within four general categories , each of which should be of interest to humanistic psychologists .
After briefly reviewing these four arguments for anarchism , I will return to the question of just how useful such supposedly " impractical " advocacy might be in the complex world of the late Twentieth Century .
Anarchism is Philosophically Justified
The first reason , accepted as a basic concept by anarchists of all political stripes , is that anarchism is philosophically justified .
Although the debate within the field of political philosophy will never be resolved to everyone 's satisfaction , the anarchist view that state power can never be morally justified -- even in its American representative majority - rule variant -- finds impressive support within academic philosophy ( see , for example , Wolff , 1970 ) .
Anarchists on the left and on the right agree that political arrangements such as the US Constitution , agreed upon by a small unrepresentative minority two centuries ago , can lay no moral claim on individuals today .
That most philosophical anarchists do in fact conform to the demands of their political state is a matter of practicality , not ethics , in much the same manner that a decision to hand over one 's money to an armed mugger is often the wisest course of action .
The key point is that individuals are morally bound only by decisions that they themselves participate in making , and anarchists consequently approve of decisionmaking procedures that move towards consensus and direct local control while allowing dissenters to preserve their autonomy .
Psychologists who are interested in the nature of personal values , in moral judgment , and in issues of freedom and authority and personal responsibility would find much in anarchism that is relevant to their concerns .
Anarchism is the " Natural " Form of Human Society
The second reason to consider advocating anarchism is that , in the view of many anthropologists , anarchism is the " natural " form of human society .
Although the term " natural " may not deserve the quasimystical reverance in which some people hold it , it is important for psychologists in particular to be aware that , as anthropologist Harold Barclay ( 1982 ) noted , it is the small egalitarian anarchist community that is " the oldest type of polity and one which has characterized most of human history " ( p. 12 ) .
Ashley Montagu ( 1981 ) cited the anarchist ( and biologist ) Kropotkin as one of the rare few who long ago recognized the importance of " love and cooperation " ( p. 93 ) in the evolution of humanity , and anthropologists in general have concluded that a combination of tradition , communal interdependence , peer pressure , and direct intervention by the community as a whole has for the most part been enough to maintain order and provide for basic needs , without any strong hierarchical institutions .
It 's clear to many anthropologists that early human society was vastly different from the Hobbesian image presented in Hollywood movies , wherein so - called " primitive " life is generally depicted as having been an eternal struggle dominated by all - powerful dictatorial chiefs .
The lesson here for psychologists is that the transition from small face - to - face egalitarian communities to large mass society has been extremely rapid in terms of human evolution , and the consequences of that transition need to be examined in more detail .
Anarchist thinkers can make a reasonable case that human beings are still adapted only to a small - community existence , and that , simply , what we find around us today is clearly a maladaptive -- and perhaps short - lived -- deviation ( see Crowe , 1969 ) .
It 's interesting to note that , perhaps because of their greater exposure to cultural variation , it is anthropologists more than psychologists who have proposed widespread alteration of global political and economic structures ; both Sol Tax ( 1977 ) and Marvin Harris ( 1981 ) , for example , have called for " radical decentralization " in one form or another .
Anarchism is Psychologically Healthy
The third reason that psychologists should advocate anarchism , which follows from the view than anarchism is natural , is that anarchism is psychologically healthy .
This central psychological claim , called by Sarason ( 1976 ) " the anarchist insight , " holds that as the state becomes more powerful , people find it more difficult to fulfill their needs for both personal autonomy and a psychological sense of community .
Anarchists such as Bookchin ( 1971 ) , Chomsky ( 1973 ) , and Goodman ( in Stoehr , 1980 ) argue that only in a decentralized society of autonomous face - to - face communities can these often - contradictory individual needs be met ( see Fox , 1985 ) .
The evidence from social , community , personality , and environmental psychology does support the view that people are generally more satisfied in small cooperative nonhierarchical groups that maximize individual controllability and predictability , where there is mutual trust and the development of communal bonds ; this is clearly related to the recent increased concern with social networks and support groups , and with attempts to recreate communities for the benefit of their members ( e.g. , Edney , 1981 ; Stokols , 1977 ; Tyler , Pargament , & Gatz , 1983 ) .
The key element in the anarchist view of healthy psychological functioning is the desirability of attaining a balance between what Bakan ( 1966 ) called agency and communion ; this view lies also at the core of the notion of androgyny ( see Deaux , 1984 ) .
Anarchists advocate a decentralized society in which both autonomy and a psychological sense of community would be attainable , and they argue that only such a society can provide for that balance on a large scale .
The analysis of anarchist philosophy by Alan Ritter ( 1980 ) makes it clear that , despite its popular " do - your - own - thing " image , the ultimate goal of classical anarchism is not simply unlimited " freedom " but instead what Ritter calls " communal individuality . "
Psychologists who take notions of such balance seriously , who seek to specify the kind of society that would best meet human psychological needs and values , have little choice but to consider the anarchist claims , following the example of Maslow ( 1971 ) and , even more clearly , of Erich Fromm ( 1955 ) , who argued three decades ago that in order to create a " sane society , " we need to choose between what he called the " robotism " of both capitalism and state communism on the one hand and " humanistic communitarian socialism " on the other .
Anarchism is Ecologically Necessary
Finally , psychologists who are concerned about global problems related to world peace , resource scarcity , and other manifestations of widespread disequilibrium will find that an examination of the anarchist literature has much to offer .
A strong case has been made by Bookchin ( 1971 ) and others that anarchism is ecologically necessary :
Only a federated , decentralized society that places a greater emphasis on local autonomy , regional resource development , and face - to - face communication and decisionmaking can enhance both the level of cooperation and the transformation of individual materialistic values that are necessary to ensure that global resources are not depleted .
Yet , all too often , psychologists have fallen into the trap of advocating more centralization and stronger state control as a solution to tragedies of the kind discussed by Garrett Hardin ( 1968 ; see Fox , 1985 ) .
Greater attention needs to be placed on the anarchist argument that only radical decentralization can avert global catastrophe without making things worse for individuals and , also , on data that do show that small , local , interacting groups are in fact better able to manage limited resources ( e.g. , Stern & Gardner , 1981 ) .
Anarchism is Possible ( ? )
I have so far very briefly outlined four arguments : that anarchism is philosophically justified ; that it is the natural form of human society ; that it is psychologically healthy ; and that it is ecologically necessary .
I have tried to point out that there is a large literature that comprehensively if somewhat unsystematically argues that only an anarchist society can resolve world - wide problems while enhancing individual fulfillment of needs for autonomy and a sense of community in a morally defensible manner that is in keeping with the evolutionary path of human development .
Yet despite all this , you may be excused for wondering what the point is .
Surely anarchism is not possible .
Is n't all this just utopian fantasy ?
Perhaps .
Yet dismissing anarchist views because they are " utopian " may be a luxury we can no longer afford .
Moos and Brownstein ( 1977 ) point out that utopia has now become a necessity if we are to resolve environmental crises , and advocates of widespread social change who are concerned with the dissemination of humanistic values would do well to consider anarchist approaches .
Political scientist Richard Falk ( 1983 ) in fact argues in a series of essays on the possible forms of world order that , despite its obvious difficulties , a move toward an anarchist world is one that is more likely to bring about lasting peace than are any of the alternatives .
Although it is true that even " impractical " utopian speculation is useful , as Maslow and many others have insisted , it is important to get beyond mere speculation as an intellectual exercise and begin to actually attempt to change society .
Nelson and Caplan ( 1983 ) , for example , discuss " enlightenment " approaches to social change that have the look of anarchism :
The methods proceed from the bottom up rather than from the top down , and they stress individual autonomy , egalitarian relationships , and decentralization of control .
Combined with a general systems approach that examines complex interrelationships among different aspects of society , Nelson and Caplan 's model offers a basis for social change that should be useful to psychologists and others who seek to preserve humanistic values in an era of increasing centralization and isolation .
Elizabeth Campbell ( 1984 ) recently proposed an eight - point approach for humanistic psychologists that is compatible with anarchist philosophy and anarchist methods of organization .
Among her other points , she called for a healthy , personal self - examination , including " looking at the effects of our actions collectively " ( p. 25 ) ; she pointed out the need to " address structural issues that are basic to human survival " ( p. 25 ) , including peace and world order , human rights , redistribution of world resources , and environmental issues ; she cited the need to build support systems in order to create a sense of community and to work collaboratively with others ; and she urged us to " hold a positive vision of the possible future , while grappling with hard realities " ( p. 26 ) .
The challenge before us , as Campbell recognized , is to create a better world .
As psychologists concerned both with individuals and with society as a whole , we cannot simply dismiss calls for radical change that do happen to be in accord with psychological knowledge .
It would be to all our benefit if we could first agree on the long - range goal of a humanistic anarchist society - - a goal that is clearly desirable on psychological grounds -- and then begin to work together to determine which methods will help us bring such a society about .
Perhaps examples such as the Israeli kibbutz system , a federated network of small , democratically managed collective communities with a history of both successes and failures , would be relevant as we begin our work .
In any event , the time has come to advocate a positive anarchy while there is still a chance of avoiding total chaos .
Although the media may confuse the two , it is important for us to be aware of the difference .
References
Bakan , D. ( 1966 ) .
The duality of human existence :
An essay on psychology and religion .
Chicago : Rand McNally .
Barclay , H. ( 1982 ) .
People without government :
An anthropology of anarchism .
London : Kahn & Averill .
Bookchin , M. ( 1971 ) .
Post - scarcity anarchism .
Palo Alto , CA : Ramparts .
Bookchin , M. ( 1982 ) .
The ecology of freedom :
The emergence and dissolution of hierarchy .
Palo Alto , CA : Cheshire Books .
Campbell , E. ( 1984 ) .
Humanistic psychology :
The end of innocence ( a view from inside the parentheses ) .
Journal of Humanistic Psychology , 24 ( 2 ) , 6 - 29 .
Chomsky , N. ( 1973 ) .
For reasons of state .
New York : Vintage Books .
Crowe , B. ( 1969 ) .
The tragedy of the commons revisited .
Science , 166 , 1103 - 1107 .
Deaux , K. ( 1984 ) .
From individual differences to social categories Analysis of a decade 's research on gender .
American Psychologist , 39 , 105 - 116 .
Edney , J. J. ( 1981 ) .
Paradoxes on the commons : Scarcity and the problem of equality .
Journal of Community Psychology , 9 , 3 - 34 .
Falk , R. ( 1983 ) .
The end of world order : Essays on normative international relations .
New York : Holmes & Meier .
Fox , D. R. ( 1985 ) .
Psychology , ideology , utopia , and the commons .
American Psychologist , 40 , 48 - 58 .
Fromm , E. ( 1955 ) .
The sane society .
New York : Holt , Rinehart .
Hardin , G. ( 1968 ) .
The tragedy of the commons .
Science , 162 , 1243-1248 .
Harris , M. ( 1981 ) .
America now :
The anthropology of a changing culture .
New York : Simon & Schuster .
Kropotkin , P. ( 1955 ) .
Mutual aid : A factor in evolution .
Boston : Extending Horizons Books .
( Original work published 1902 )
Maslow , A. H. ( 1971 ) .
The farther reaches of human nature .
New York : Penguin .
Montagu , A. ( 1981 ) .
Growing young .
New York : McGraw Hill .
Moos , R. , & Brownstein , R. ( 1977 ) .
Environment and utopia : A synthesis .
New York : Plenum .
Nelson , S. D. , & Caplan , N. ( 1983 ) .
Social problem solving and social change .
In D. Perlman & P. C. Cozby ( Eds. ) , Social psychology ( pp. 503-532 ) .
New York : Holt , Rinehart .
Pennock , J. R. , & Chapman , J. W. ( Eds. ) . ( 1978 ) .
Anarchism .
New York : New York University Press .
Ritter , A. ( 1980 ) .
Anarchism : A theoretical analysis .
Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Sarason , S. B. ( 1976 ) .
Community psychology and the anarchist insight .
American Journal of Community Psychology , 4 , 243-261 .
Stern , P. C. , & Gardner , G. T. ( 1981 ) .
Psychological research and energy policy .
American Psychologist , 36 , 329-342 .
Stoehr , T. ( Ed. ) . ( 1979 ) .
Drawing the line :
The political essays of Paul Goodman .
New York : Dutton .
Stokols , D. ( Ed. ) . ( 1977 ) .
Perspectives on environment and behavior :
Theory , research , and applications .
New York : Plenum .
Tax , S. ( 1977 ) .
Anthropology for the world of the future : Thirteen professions and three proposals .
Human Organization , 36 , 225-234 .
Taylor , M. ( 1982 ) .
Community , anarchy , and liberty .
Cambridge : Cambridge University press .
Tyler , F. B. , Pargament , K. I. , & Gatz , M. ( 1983 ) .
The resource collaborator role : A model for interactions involving psychologists .
American Psychologist , 38 , 388-398 .
Wolff , R. P. ( 1970 ) .
In defense of anarchism .
New York : Harper .
Related Material
Articles
The Need to Hold the GOP Accountable Perhaps it was the image of Jeb Bush expounding on the future of the Republican Party or Condoleezza Rice channeling her inner Richard Nixon with the imperial logic that “ by definition , if it was authorized by the President , it did not violate our obligations under the Convention Against Torture . ”
Email
Printer friendly
But what is increasingly clear is that the modern Republican Party – with its unwillingness to face up to its responsibility for many of today ’s calamities and the crimes of its leaders – has become a clear and present danger to the founding principles of the United States , and to the nation ’s security .
The issue is not “ rebranding ” – as the mainstream news media endlessly says – but accountability .
The concern should be more about the Republican past than its future or , put differently , whether the GOP deserves a future considering what it has done in the recent past .
Yes , I know that former Secretary of State Rice later clarified her remarks to assure us that she was n’t echoing Nixon ’s famous claim that “ when the President does it , that means it is not illegal . ”
But the truth is that Nixon ’s assertion of above - the - law presidential powers was at the core of George W. Bush ’s unbridled view of executive authority for eight years .
Rice was n’t just parroting Nixon , but the views of her deeply admired leader , Bush .
According to the Bush administration ’s recently released secret legal memos , Bush was a power onto himself with the authority to ignore all laws and all meaningful constitutional rights of citizens .
For instance , in an Oct. 23 , 2001 , memo , Deputy Assistant Attorney General John
Yoo declared that Bush could order spying on and military attacks against U.S. domestic targets at his own discretion as Commander in Chief .
Yoo added , almost in passing , that the President also could abrogate the rights of free speech and a free press .
" The current campaign against terrorism may require even broader exercises of federal power domestically , " Yoo said .
Another
Yoo memo , dated June 27 , 2002 , essentially voided the Sixth Amendment ’s right of a trial by jury , the ancient protections of habeas corpus , and a federal law guaranteeing Americans public trials .
In the memo , Yoo asserted that Bush had the power to declare American citizens “ enemy combatants ” and detain them indefinitely .
So , while it may be true that Bush ’s lawyers put themselves through legal contortions in July and August of 2002 to explain why the near - drowning of waterboarding and other brutal tactics were n’t torture , the theories were already in place for Bush to do whatever he wanted , regardless of traditional readings of federal law and the U.S. Constitution .
One must view Rice ’s comments last week at Stanford University about Bush ’s power “ by definition ” to declare certain actions not “ torture ” in the context of Bush ’s regal view of his “ plenary ” – or total – powers as Commander in Chief .
Bush even believed that he could change reality simply through assertion .
My favorite example was in July 2003 when Bush began justifying his invasion of Iraq by saying “ we gave [ Saddam Hussein ] a chance to allow the [ United Nations ] inspectors in , and he would n’t let them in .
And , therefore , after a reasonable request , we decided to remove him from power . ”
Bush would repeat this lie over and over for the next five years , but the reality was that Hussein had let the U.N. inspectors into Iraq in fall 2002 to search wherever they wished for WMD and that Bush forced the inspectors out in March 2003 to make way for the invasion .
Despite these well - known facts , the Washington press corps never challenged Bush on his lie .
In other words , Rice ’s “ by definition ” remark was n’t made in a vacuum .
Her Nixon - like phrasing reflected the Bush concept of the imperial presidency , which had evolved into Republican orthodoxy since the days of Nixon .
Bush could define “ torture ” anyway he wanted , much as he could change the history of the U.N. inspectors not being allowed into Iraq .
The Obama Conversion
And just because the Republicans and the right - wing news media have spent the last 100 - plus days bewailing Democrat Barack Obama ’s " dictatorial " tendencies ( because he has intervened to steer the economy away from the cliff ) does n’t mean the GOP has suddenly become committed to the Constitution and the rule of law .
Hypocrisy is not the same as principle .
If the Republicans truly have had a conversion on the issue of presidential power , they might want to start by condemning Bush ’s eight years of trampling on the Founders ’ vision of a constitutional Republic with inalienable rights for all – and checks and balances for government leaders .
Instead , the GOP has resisted any meaningful inquiry into Bush ’s abuses of power .
This Republican trait of refusing to acknowledge how the party has violated the nation ’s core principles , from limited executive power to honest elections , remains one of the most alarming aspects of GOP behavior in recent decades .
There has been a win - at - all - cost and never - say - sorry approach that can be traced back at least to 1968 when candidate Nixon sabotaged President Lyndon Johnson ’s Vietnam War peace talks to secure a narrow victory over Democrat Hubert Humphrey .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ The Significance of Nixon ’s Treason . ” ]
When Nixon ’s re-election campaign chose dirty tricks again in 1972 with the bugging of Democratic headquarters at the Watergate building and got caught , Nixon eventually was forced to resign , in August 1974 , and the Republican Party was punished at the polls that fall .
But the lesson learned was not “ do n’t do it , ” but rather “ make sure you do n’t get caught next time . ”
Essentially , the Republican Party absorbed Nixon ’s scorched - earth political style , along with his strategic insights about using “ wedge ” issues , such as the “ Southern strategy ” which exploited the white backlash against Democratic - supported civil rights laws .
As the GOP emerged from the Watergate debacle , top Republicans also grasped the need to build a media infrastructure that would not only push right - wing ideas but push the nation ’s hot buttons : demonizing gays , feminists , liberals and anyone else who got in the way .
George H.W. Bush ’s 1988 campaign – conceived by Lee Atwater – became the ugly template for how to demean and destroy an opponent , a tactical approach that was later directed against a sitting President after Democrat Bill Clinton won the White House in 1992 .
The Republicans hounded Clinton for nearly his entire eight years in office , including having the House impeach him in 1998 for lying about a sexual relationship ( although he survived a Senate trial in 1999 ) .
[ For details , see Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
The GOP ’s pugnacious style continued through Campaign 2000 when Vice President Al Gore was routinely denounced as a liar ( an accusation aided and abetted by false reporting from both right - wing and mainstream news outlets ) .
Later , as Gore ’s narrow national election victory was being overturned by George W. Bush ’s campaign team in Florida in November - December 2000 , national Republicans even dispatched teams of rioters to disrupt recounts and intimidate vote - counters .
Though Bush had lost the national popular vote and apparently would have lost in Florida if all legally cast votes were counted , Republican partisans on the U.S. Supreme Court stopped the vote tally and effectively handed Bush the White House .
After the recount battle ended , Bush joked , “ If this were a dictatorship , it would be a heck of a lot easier – so long as I ’m the dictator . ”
[ For details on Election 2000 , see our book , Neck Deep . ]
Then , over the next eight years , Bush and his administration rode roughshod over the country , enacting a radical right - wing agenda , which included massive tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans , and – after the 9/11 attacks – sought to consolidate Republican power in what was supposed to become a one - party state with Democrats kept around only for show .
Bush ’s chief political adviser Karl Rove talked boastfully about creating a permanent Republican majority , which was advanced by a politicized Justice Department that pressed for high - profile indictments of Democratic groups and officials prior to elections .
Rove ’s operations also targeted Bush ’s critics , everyone from former Ambassador Joseph Wilson to the Dixie Chicks .
Reversal of Fortunes Only as the Bush administration ’s disasters mounted – open - ended wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the bungled emergency response when Hurricane Katrina flooded New Orleans , not to mention systemic problems with health care , the environment , gaping budget deficits and a shrinking middle class – did Republican triumphalism begin to fade .
However , even after the Republicans lost elections in 2006 and 2008 – and the U.S. economy teetered on the brink of another Great Depression in the final months of Bush 's presidency – the GOP demonstrated no meaningful remorse .
Instead , Republicans continued to rely on their old tactics of angry rhetoric and attack politics .
As Barack Obama tried address the multiple crisis that Bush had left behind , pundits in the right - wing news media talked ominously about the possible need for violent insurrection to resist Obama ’s “ socialism ” or what Fox News ’ Glenn Beck called “ progressive fascism . ”
Congressional Republicans voted almost unanimously against every major piece of legislation that Obama proposed to address short - and long - term national problems .
It was , as some observed , like watching the arsonist who set the fire throwing rocks at the firefighters who tried to put out the blaze .
Which brings us to the central role of George W. Bush ’s younger brother Jeb at a Saturday event in Arlington , Virginia , launching a new Republican policy group called the National Council for a New America .
As governor of Florida , Jeb Bush and his inner circle orchestrated the thwarting of the voters ’ will in 2000 to ensure that his brother ended up in the White House .
And the Bush family ’s contempt for democracy and the rule of law goes back much further , indeed many decades .
One could start with Prescott Bush ’s collaboration with the Nazis before World War II .
His son , George H.W. Bush , tried to bottle up the Watergate scandal for Richard Nixon in 1973 - 74 , shut down investigations of U.S. intelligence abuses as CIA director in 1976 , collaborated in secret contacts with Iran ( behind President Jimmy Carter ’s back ) in 1980 , oversaw off - the - books covert operations regarding Iran and Iraq in the 1980s , authorized dirty - tricks campaigns in 1988 and 1992 , and completed the Iran - Contra cover - up with six pardons before leaving office .
[ See Secrecy & Privilege . ]
After the stolen election of 2000 and eight years of George W. Bush ’s imperial presidency , the notion of the Republicans turning back to the Bush family for advice on charting a future course is further evidence that the GOP has little understanding of why so many Americans now view the Republican Party as a threat to the Republic .
If the Republicans really wanted to learn from the past , they would begin by joining with independent - minded Democrats and other citizens in seeking a thorough investigation not only of George W. Bush ’s presidency but of the secret history of the recent political era .
A truth and reconciliation commission would make the most sense if it also encompassed the decades of the Cold War when the theories of unlimited presidential power took root and when excessive secrecy quietly became a lethal threat to the democracy .
Such an inquiry would , of course , embarrass Democrats , too , both for acts of commission and omission .
But the Republicans – with their unrepentant arrogance and flagrant abuses of power – would have proportionately more to to apologize for and more to learn from .
So , it ’s clear that such a truth commission will never happen .
However bleak their current political dilemma , the Republicans remain confident that their many allies in the right - wing news media – and the many careerists in the mainstream press – will protect them .
The only accountability may come if most Americans turn their back on the reckless Republicans , perhaps opening space for the emergence of a new political party , one that may represent classic conservative positions without the overlay of right - wing economic extremism , religious fundamentalism and monarchical attitudes about presidential power .
Perhaps such a replacement for the Republican Party might come to respect and defend the Republic .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
About $ 12 billion was pulled out of accounts at Bernard L. Madoff ’s firm in 2008 , according to several people briefed on an analysis of Mr. Madoff ’s business records .
About $ 6 billion , or half , was taken out in just the three months before the financier was arrested in December and charged with operating an extensive Ponzi scheme , these people said .
Those figures offer a bit of hope for Mr. Madoff ’s thousands of defrauded customers .
Under federal law , the trustee overseeing the Madoff bankruptcy can sue to retrieve that money from the investors who withdrew it .
Indeed , the trustee , Irving H. Picard of Baker & Hostetler , filed two lawsuits on Tuesday seeking the return of a total of $ 6.1 billion , which he estimated had been withdrawn over the last decade .
London - based Indian sculptor Anish Kapoor designed this sculptor for the opening of Chicago ’s Millennium Park in 2004 .
Officially named Cloud Gate but always fondly referred to as simply The Bean , it has become a landmark for the Windy City and is one of its most photographed public arts .
Weighting a whopping 110 tons ,
The Bean was constructed from stainless steel plates wrapped around a fortified steel frame that ’s hollow on the inside and has a concave base that visitors can walk under .
Upon completion , the surface was polished to give it a sleek , shiny appearance – a clean , seamless mirror that reflects the towering skyscrapers the city is famous for .
Simple as it may look ,
The Bean has drawn numerous admirers and compliments , with some even hailing it as Chicago ’s most provocative artwork since Picasso ’s unnamed sculptural piece from 1967 .
Without further due , please enjoy the magnificent photos of Chicago ’s Bean and I hope you like them .
Disclaimer :
All the images are copyright of their respected owners and creators .
This post is about just to show their awesome works and inspiration to the world .
Please contact us if anyone want to remove their works .
Category : Arts and Culture , Headline , North America
10 HTML Tag Crimes You Really Should n’t Commit
You better watch out , because the HTML police are about .
They scour your code and pick out the most unspeakable crimes against HTML markup .
This handy list of ten HTML tag crimes sheds some light on some of the most common coding mistakes and helps provide an alternate solution .
Tips include writing valid markup , making semantic choices , avoiding deprecated tags and more !
Crime 1 : Placing Block Elements Inside Inline Elements
HTML elements can either be displayed in two ways , Block or Inline .
Each tag by default is naturally either a block or inline element .
Block elements include divs and paragraphs , that make up the structure of the document .
Inline elements on the other hand should sit inside block elements and go with the flow of the document , examples include anchors and span tags .
With this in mind , inline elements should always go inside block elements , and never the other way around .
Crime 2 : Not Including an ALT Attribute on Images
The ALT attribute is a required element on all images displayed on a web page .
It helps users determine what the image is , should they be browsing on a screen reader , or simply on a slow connection .
The ALT attribute should describe the image being shown , so an alt = ” image ” is bad practice .
If the image is purely for decorative purposes , simply add an empty alt attribute , such as alt= ” ” .
Crime 3 : Not Using Lists When Necessary
The handy UL ( and OL ) tags have a bunch of uses and are extremely versatile for the display of all kinds of page items .
Unsurprisingly the Unordered List tag does a great job of displaying a list of information , so do n’t even think about using a bunch of line breaks ever again !
Crime 4 : Using < b > and < i > for Bolding and Italicizing
The < b > and < i > tags make the text appear bold and italic respectively , but semantically they are classed as presentational tags , therefore the effect would be best replicated with the CSS styles of font - weight and font - style .
If the passage of text suggests areas of importance , they should be highlighted with the < strong > or < em > tags , which basically do the same job as < b > and < i > , but also make the world a nicer place .
Crime 5 : Using Too Many Line Breaks
The line break tag of < br /> should only be used to insert is single line breaks in the flow of paragraph text to knock a particularly word down onto a new line .
It should n’t be used to make gaps between elements , instead , split the text into separate paragraphs , or adjust the margin styled by CSS .
Crime 6 : Using The Wrong Strikethrough Tags
In the olden days , < s > and < strike > were around to allow edits and amends to web text .
However they are now classed as deprecated tags , which means they still work fine ( in Transitional ) , but there ’s a set of new tags on the block – < del > and < ins > .
These new tags are used together to show deleted , and the subsequently inserted text in a document .
Crime 7 : Using Inline Styling
You ’ve heard it a thousand times – Inline styling is bad .
The whole point of semantic HTML and CSS is to separate document structure and styling , so it just does n’t make sense to go placing styling directly in the HTML document .
Remember to always keep your styles in your stylesheet where they belong .
Crime 8 : Adding or Removing Borders in HTML
The border attribute is another presentational effect , so semantically it should be left to the CSS , even if it ’s removing a default border from an element .
Crime 9 : Not Using Header Tags
Header tags are available all the way from < h1 > to < h6 > , and make handy tags to separate your document into titled sections .
If you have a selection of words indicating what content is due to appear next , chances are one of the header tags will fit right in .
Your choice of header tag depends on the flow of your document , try to naturally insert them in order of 1 - 6 where appropriate .
Crime 10 : The Unspeakable Use of < blink > or < marquee >
Apart from not even being part of the official collection of standard HTML endorsed by the W3 Consortium , the < blink > and < marquee > tags are just pure ugliness .
If there ’s something you need to draw attention to , I ’m sure you can think of plenty of alternate ways to draw focus to that area of the page than to have it flash on and off or scroll across the page !
[ Update : 12 Greenpeace activists were arrested shortly after unfurling the banner .
Possible charges range from trespass to destruction of government property . ]
At approximately 10:30 AM Mountain Time , Greenpeace activists unfurled a banner at one of America ’s most iconic landmarks with a message that reads , “ America honors leaders not politicians : Stop Global Warming . ”
The banner , measuring sixty - five feet by thirty - five feet , features an unfinished portrait of President Obama .
[ social_buttons ]
The demonstration comes as President Obama meets other G8 leaders in L’Aquila , Italy today to discuss the global warming crisis in the lead - up to UN climate treaty talks in Copenhagen this December .
High winds made the unfurling of the banner especially difficult , but climbers were able to secure the banner despite the winds and pressure from fast - approaching National Park Police climbers .
In a piece of twenty - first century political theater , Greenpeace also tweeted from atop the famous rock face and streamed the live video feed of the action at their website , providing color and play - by - play analysis from their communications team in D.C. and activists on the ground .
To bring attention the issue , 11 activists completed a challenging climb to the top of Mount Rushmore , and three rappelled down , hanging the nearly 2300 - square - foot banner as they descended .
It was not entirely clear how the activists so easily evaded the security perimeter in the early morning hours on Wednesday , but according to Greenpeace , the highly - trained climbers took special care not to damage the monument , using existing anchors placed by the National Park Service for periodic cleanings .
“ When you have individuals who are determined , who are equipped , who are organized , who are willing to do damage to government property , there ’s not many systems that are fail - safe to that , ” Nav Sing , spokesman for the Mt. Rushmore National Memorial told the Rapid City Journal .
The demonstration in South Dakota follows a series of protests in Italy this morning where other Greenpeace activists hung banners on smokestacks of the dirtiest coal - fired power plant in Italy , calling attention to the collective failure of leadership on global warming at the G8 .
“ This monument celebrates leaders who rose to the great challenges of our past , ” said Greenpeace USA Deputy Campaigns Director Carroll Muffett .
“ Global warming is the greatest crisis humankind has ever faced and it is the defining test of leadership for this generation .
It ’s an open question whether President Obama will pass that test . ”
“ While President Obama ’s speeches on global warming have been inspiring , ” added Muffett , “ we ’ve seen a growing gap between the president ’s words and his actions . ”
Specifically , Greenpeace is calling on President Obama to :
• Strive to keep global temperatures as far below a 2 degrees Celsius increase as possible , compared to pre-industrial levels to avert catastrophic climate change ;
• Set a goal of peaking global emissions by 2015 and be as close to zero as possible by 2050 , compared to 1990 levels ;
• Cut emissions in the U.S. by 25 - 40 percent by 2020 , compared to 1990 levels ;
• Join and encourage other members of the G8 to establish a funding mechanism that provides $ 106 billion per year by 2020 to help developing countries adapt to global warming impacts that are now unavoidable and halt tropical deforestation .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/NPHRehzymTw&color1=0xb1b1b1&color2=0xcfcfcf&hl=en&feature=player_embedded&fs=1]
Follow Tim Hurst on twitter
( Entertainment Weekly ) -- Give Robert Downey Jr. a glass of scotch and a suit made of metal , and lines will form around the block .
But cast him as a newspaper columnist who befriends a cello - playing homeless man , and these days the only crowds gathering will be for the movie playing next door .
" The Soloist , " a drama starring Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey Jr. , did poorly at the box office .
The latter Downey project , a onetime best picture hopeful called " The Soloist , " cost $ 50 million to produce and has grossed just $ 30 million .
Reviews were less than rapturous , but producer Gary Foster thinks there was something deeper at play .
" Audiences do n't want to be reminded of the darkness in the world , " he says .
" They want to laugh , get taken to space , watch things in a museum come to life . "
But what if your idea of entertainment involves more than watching Ben Stiller get slapped by monkeys ?
The pickings are slim and getting slimmer .
In the wake of high - profile dramas flopping at the box office -- including " Frost / Nixon , " " Australia , " " Revolutionary Road , " and " State of Play " -- studios are increasingly gun-shy about making movies that do n't offer pure escapism .
Even the frothy , adult - oriented caper " Duplicity " struggled to find a wide audience .
One producer who specializes in dramas says the climate is as brutal as he 's ever seen it : " Anything that can't be sold as a genre film or was n't conceived as a franchise is dead . "
Even projects that might once have been considered Oscar bait have fallen prey to executives ' squeamishness .
Paramount turned down director Bill Condon 's planned biopic about Richard Pryor , with Eddie Murphy attached to star .
Universal axed a drama starring Naomi Watts about a global activist .
" With the economy being what it is , no one wants to get blamed for a failure , " says one agent .
" If you greenlight something that 's [ totally mainstream ] and it fails , it 's not your fault .
If you greenlight an adult drama and it tanks , you lose your job . "
Who 's to blame for the sorry state of the adult drama ?
Filmmakers fault studio marketers for not effectively selling serious fare .
Producers blame the studios for making poor choices and spending too much money , setting dramas up for failure .
Meanwhile , some executives say the films themselves simply are n't compelling enough .
" Frankly , a lot of the dramas just are n't as good as they purport to be , " says one studio exec .
To break through these days , a dramatic film needs to have more than simply an Oscar winner or two and a worthwhile tale to tell .
" The adult drama today has to be more than , say , a meditation on alcoholism , " says Roberto Orci , co-writer and executive producer of " Star Trek , " who 's trying to get his own drama , 28th Amendment , off the ground at Warner Bros .
" You have to tell that story in a new way . "
It also helps if you can give your drama the commercial hook of a genre film -- like last year 's hit " Gran Torino , " a meditation on tolerance wrapped in the guise of a movie with a gun-toting Clint Eastwood and a cool car .
" That movie worked because you could put a 30 - second spot together where people said , ' Oh , that sounds kick - ass , ' " says Foster .
Universal seems to be following a similar playbook for its July release " Public Enemies . "
The studio's great , heart - thumping trailer suggests an action movie more than a character - driven historical drama .
Likewise , judging from the pulse - pounding ads for The Weinstein Company 's post - apocalyptic drama " The Road , " you 'd think the film was " The Road Warrior , " not a somber tale of societal breakdown .
As bleak as things look for the adult drama , many believe the genre is simply in the midst of a cyclical downturn , and that it will eventually make a comeback .
" People are turned off to stuff that 's holding a mirror up to their lives , " says one prominent producer .
" But that will all change when we return to a more solid economic footing . "
Producer Mark Johnson ( " The Notebook " ) agrees .
" You have to have faith in a mature audience , " he says .
" The strike zone may be getting smaller and smaller , but if you throw it right , it can still work . "
He 'd better hope so .
His child - with - cancer weeper " My Sister 's Keeper " opens June 26 -- just two days after a little robot drama called " Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen . "
CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly
Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc .
All rights reserved .
The Sri Lankan president today rejected calls for a ceasefire even as leaked images from the UN appeared to confirm that the military shelled the tiny coastal area of Mulattivu where civilians were sheltering in a no- fire zone .
The UN satellite images , the most recent of which were taken on 19 April , indicate heavy destruction in and around an area covering 3.8 square miles , where at least 50,000 people are trapped .
The latest blow to the Sri Lankan government 's credibility came from Unosat , which provides satellite imagery for the UN and relief agencies .
Its report dated 26 April said there were indications of " building destruction and damages resulting from shelling and possible air strikes " .
The report also mentions attacks outside the area .
" Outside the CSZ [ civilian safe zone ] , immediately to the west and south there are continuing indications of sustained shelling and possible air strikes , with the major concentration of newly detected building destruction and hundreds of impact craters located in the eastern sections of Puthukkudiyiruppu especially centred on the main road leading east into the CSZ , " the report said .
Unosat mentioned the movement of civilians within the safe haven as they sought to get away from military attacks .
" Over 5,000 IDPs [ internally displaced persons ] were relocated within the CSZ during April under pressure from increased shelling and military operations along the western sections of the CSZ , " it said .
Sri Lanka this week pledged to stop using heavy weapons in an attempt to prevent civilian casualties .
But there have been persistent reports of continued shelling and air strikes .
The Associated Press today reported that the military fired 100 shells into the area starting last night and continuing until this morning .
A government health official who witnessed the barrage told the Associated Press that one shell hit the top of a coconut tree and exploded , scattering shrapnel over civilians below and killing 10 .
Reports of artillery fire have undercut government declarations that the area is safe for civilians .
At the same time , US officials say there are credible reports that Tamil Tigers are using civilians as human shields and have in some cases shot at civilians trying to leave the area .
International concern over the plight of Tamil civilians trapped in the war zone has grown in recent days following a UN report that nearly 6,500 civilians were killed in the last three months of an offensive that has decimated the Tamil Tiger rebels .
The British foreign secretary , David Miliband , was reportedly involved in a heated exchange with a Sri Lankan minister over the safety of civilians in the area held by the Tamil Tigers .
Miliband interrupted the Sri Lankan defence secretary , Gotabaya Rajapaksa , as he was describing how the army had rescued 200,000 civilians from the rebels to say that Britain had credible information that civilians were being harmed by the military 's attacks .
The Sri Lankan president , Mahinda Rajapaksa , has rejected calls for a ceasefire and today struck a triumphalist note .
" We fearlessly stood up to a brand of terrorism that the entire world believed was invincible , " he said in a May Day address .
The Tamil Tigers have been fighting since 1983 for a state for minority Tamils in the north and east after decades of marginalisation by governments dominated by the Sinhalese majority .
They appear to be on the verge of defeat as the latest military offensive has cornered them in a tiny strip of the north - eastern coast .
The government and aid groups have been struggling to cope with more than 120,000 civilians who fled the war zone last week , overwhelming displacement camps .
Amid the fighting , the International Monetary Fund is coming under pressure from the US to postpone a $ 1.9bn ( £ 1.3 bn ) emergency loan to Sri Lanka , but other UN security council members are resisting any delay .
Peter Kleissner is an entrepreneur , programmer and security analyst .
Having previously worked for an anti-virus company and one of the world ’s largest banks , Kleissner also founded the startup company Kleissner & Associates in 2013 which was acquired by Lookingglass Cyber Solutions in 2015 .
He continued to work at Lookingglass for 3 years before starting his new company Intelligence X . You can check out Intelligence X at https://intelx.io.
In the years 2009 - 2010 ( and later ) Kleissner was a frequent speaker at security conferences such as Black Hat , Hacking at Random and later Botconf .
The main area of his technical expertise is Windows , drivers , operating system , Assembly language , C/C++ and Go. Important past projects include Stoned Bootkit ( a proof - of - concept bootkit demonstrated at Black Hat ) and Virus Tracker ( the main product developed by Kleissner & Associates , acquired by Lookingglass in 2015 ) .
You can contact Peter via email at info@intelx.io and follow him on Twitter .
Read more posts by the author of Ambition ,
To boldly eat what no Velociraptor has eaten before !
I found a really nice video lecture on JavaScript .
I'm a JavaScript journeyman myself so I decided to review it to learn something new .
I have written about JavaScript in the past -- the previous post on JavaScript was " Learning JavaScript through Video Lectures " .
This lecture is given by JavaScript guru Doug Crockford .
He 's the author of JSON , JSMin JavaScript minifier and JSLint .
The talk is based on Douglas 's recent book " JavaScript : The Good Parts " .
It 's excellent .
The lecture begins with a brief intro of why JavaScript is the way it is and how it came to be so .
An interesting point Doug makes is that JavaScript is basically Scheme , except with Java syntax .
He talks about the bad and good parts of JavaScript and gives a few examples of common JavaScript problems , their solutions and patterns .
Douglas also talks about how he discovered JSON .
After the talk there is a 13 minute Q and A .
You 're welcome to watch the video lecture .
It 's 1 hour long and it will definitely make your understanding of JavaScript better :
Here are some interesting points from the lecture :
[ 09:57 ] JavaScript was influenced by Scheme , Java and Perl. From Scheme it borrowed lambda functions and loose typing .
From Java it took most of the syntax , and from Perl some of its regular expressions .
And finally , it derived the idea of prototypal inheritance and dynamic objects from Self .
See my previous post on JavaScript for explanation of prototypal inheritance .
[ 11:38 ] JavaScript bad parts :
Global variables .
Global variables make it harder to run independent subprograms in the same program .
If the subprograms happen to have global variables that share the same names , then they will interfere with each other and likely fail , usually in difficult to diagnose ways .
. Global variables make it harder to run independent subprograms in the same program .
If the subprograms happen to have global variables that share the same names , then they will interfere with each other and likely fail , usually in difficult to diagnose ways .
Newlines get converted into semicolons .
JavaScript has a mechanism that tries to correct faulty programs by automatically inserting semicolons .
It sometimes inserts semicolons in places where they are not welcome .
For example : return { status : true } ; returns undefined because JavaScript inserts ' ;' after return .
Correct way : return { status : true } ;
. JavaScript has a mechanism that tries to correct faulty programs by automatically inserting semicolons .
It sometimes inserts semicolons in places where they are not welcome .
For example : returns undefined because JavaScript inserts ' ;' after return .
Correct way : Operator typeof is not very helpful .
For example , " typeof null " is " object " , " typeof [ 1,2,3 ] " is also " object " .
.
For example , " typeof null " is " object " , " typeof [ 1,2,3 ] " is also " object " .
Operator + adds numbers and concatenates .
The + operator can add or concatenate .
Which one it does depends on the types of the parameters .
If either operand is an empty string , it produces the other operand converted to a string .
If both operands are numbers , it produces the sum .
Otherwise , it converts both operands to strings and concatenates them .
This complicated behavior is a common source of bugs .
If you intend + to add , make sure that both operands are numbers .
.
The + operator can add or concatenate .
Which one it does depends on the types of the parameters .
If either operand is an empty string , it produces the other operand converted to a string .
If both operands are numbers , it produces the sum .
Otherwise , it converts both operands to strings and concatenates them .
This complicated behavior is a common source of bugs .
If you intend + to add , make sure that both operands are numbers .
Operators == and != do type coercion .
Use of the === and !== operators is always preferred .
.
Use of the === and !== operators is always preferred .
Too many falsy values .
0 , Nan , '' ( empty string ) , false , null , undefined are all false .
[ 17:25 ] for ... in operator mixes inherited functions with the desired data members ( it does deep reflection ) .
Use object .
hasOwnProperty to filter out names that belong to object itself :
for ( name in object ) { if ( object.hasOwnProperty( name ) ) { ... } }
[ 22:00 ] Javascript good parts :
Lambda .
Enough said .
. Enough said .
Dynamic objects .
Just add a property to an object , or remove it , no need for classes and derivation to create a similar object .
.
Just add a property to an object , or remove it , no need for classes and derivation to create a similar object .
Loose Typing .
No need for type declarations .
.
No need for type declarations .
Object Literals .
{} for object literals , [ ] for array literals and // for regexp literals .
[ 23:00 ]
Two schools of inheritance - classical and prototypal .
Prototypal inheritance means that objects can inherit properties directly from other objects .
The language is class - free .
[ 24:35 ]
Realization of prototypal inheritance in JavaScript :
if ( typeof Object.create !== ' function ' ) { Object.create = function ( o ) { function F( ) {} F.prototype = o ; return new F( ) ; } ; }
Now a newObject can be created by inheriting from oldObject :
newObject = Object.create(oldObject ) ;
[ 26:05 ]
Example of global variables and why they are bad and how to solve the problem by using closures .
var my_thing = function ( ) { var names = [ " zero " , " one " , ... ] ; return function ( n ) { return names [ n ] ; } ; }( ) ;
[ 29:00 ]
There are four ways to create a new object in JavaScript :
Object literal -- var object = { } .
New -- var object = new Object ( )
Object.create -- var object = Object.create( old_object ) .
Call another constructor ( use different inheritance model ) .
[ 42:42 ] JSLint .
JSLint defines a professional subset of JavaScript .
JSLint will hurt your feelings .
[ 52:00 ] Q/A : Does strict mode change the behavior or does it take things out ? --
Can't have " with " in strict mode , changes the way eval ( ) works , changes error handling .
[ 53:00 ] Q/A : What 's going on with DOM ? --
Ajax libraries fix DOM , these changes should be propagated back into DOM API .
[ 55:30 ] Q/A : How do you spell lambda in JavaScript ? -- function .
[ 55:54 ] Q/A : How to solve global variable problem ? --
Each of compilation unit should be isolated , but there should be a way how they can introduce ( link ) to each other .
[ 56:30 ] Q/A : How do JavaScript objects differ from hash tables , they seem the same to me ?
[ 57:23 ] Q/A : What 's wrong with HTML 5 and web apps ? --
They are doing too much and there are way too many of them .
[ 59:10 ] Q/A : How come JSON and JavaScript have almost the same syntax ? --
Doug admits he forgot to include Unicode Line Separator ( LS ) and Paragraph Separator ( PS ) control codes as whitespace chars .
[ 01:00:32 ] Q/A : Why does JSON require quotes around the property names ? --
Three reasons : 1 . Wanted to align with Python where quotes are required , 2 .
Wanted to make the grammar of standard simpler , 3 . JavaScript has stupid reserved word policy .
[ 01:02:40 ] Q/A : Are there any prospects for adding concurrency to the language ?
--
Definitely no threads .
Could be some kind of a messaging model .
A Swedish appellate court ruled Thursday there would be no retrial in the Pirate Bay case , despite accusations the trial judge was biased against the four founders of the world 's most notorious BitTorrent tracker .
" We have reached the conclusion that we do not agree with the conflict of interest claim , " Sweden Court of Appeal Judge Anders Eka told Swedish media .
In the appellate court 's written opinion , the three - judge panel said that backing " the principles " of copyright law " cannot be considered bias . "
Pirate Bay administrators Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg and Peter Sunde were found guilty of facilitating copyright infringement in April , along with Carl Lundström , who was convicted of funding the five - year - old operation .
They each face a year in prison and $ 3.8 million in fines .
Days after the April convictions , attorneys for the four charged that Tomas Norstrom , the judge presiding over the trial , was hostile to the defense because of his affiliations with the Swedish Copyright Association and the Swedish Association for the Protection of Industrial Property .
The defendants also charged that the Stockholm trial court administrators secretly steered the case to Norstrom , an assertion the Stockholm court flatly denied .
The verdict triggered a political backlash among Swedish youth , and the Swedish Pirate Party more than doubled in size to 40,000 - plus members .
Two weeks ago , the party won a seat in the European Parliament .
Christian Engström , who won that seat , blasted the decision Thursday .
" This is part of a pattern .
It show that the Swedish legal system is no longer to be trusted when it comes to copyright cases .
It 's a travesty of justice quite simply , " English - language Swedish media reported .
The Party Party 's political success was also a reaction to the Swedish government 's April implementation of the Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement Directive , known as IPRED .
The law 's main goal is to enable copyright holders to acquire once - private data identifying people linked to illegal file sharing .
The Pirate Bay last week launched a VPN client to skirt that law .
About 180,000 users have signed up for the $ 7 - monthly encryption service .
In addition to one year of jail time , the defendants were ordered to pay damages of 30 million kronor ( $ 3.6 million ) to a handful of entertainment companies , including Sony Music Entertainment , Warner Bros , EMI and Columbia Pictures .
The case was brought by the Swedish government and Hollywood , in what ’s best described as a joint civil - criminal trial .
The defendants were charged with facilitating copyright infringement .
In denying the appeal , the court conceded that Judge Norstrom should have declared from the outset he was a member of the copyright groups , according to reports .
In the trial ’s aftermath , several BitTorrent trackers across the globe have shuttered .
The verdict has emboldened copyright authorities to crack down on torrent sites , and file sharing in Sweden has dropped .
Mininova , one of the world ’s largest BitTorrent indexer , has begun moving toward legitimacy .
The Pirate Bay , with more than 20 million users , keeps operating as usual , despite the convictions .
The four remain free .
It was not immediatly clear what were their legal options following Thursday 's decision .
A month after aborting a countdown just three seconds before liftoff , United Launch Alliance again has had to to call off a back - to - back launch attempts for its next Delta 4 - Heavy rocket Monday and Tuesday .
The next chance to launch the rocket from Cape Canaveral with a classified cargo for the National Reconnaissance Office is set for 11:54 p.m. EDT Wednesday ( 0354 GMT Thursday ) .
Ali Karimi , Mehdi Mahdavikia and two others are ' retired ' after sporting green wristbands in World Cup qualifier in Seoul
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Their gesture attracted worldwide comment and drew the attention of football fans to Iran 's political turmoil .
Now the country 's authorities have taken revenge by imposing life bans on players who sported green wristbands in a recent World Cup match in protest against Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's disputed re-election .
According to the pro-government newspaper Iran , four players – Ali Karimi , 31 , Mehdi Mahdavikia , 32 , Hosein Ka'abi , 24 and Vahid Hashemian , 32 – have been " retired " from the sport after their gesture in last Wednesday 's match against South Korea in Seoul .
They were among six players who took to the field wearing wristbands in the colour of the defeated opposition candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi , which has been adopted by demonstrators who believe the 12 June election was stolen .
Most of the players obeyed instructions to remove the armwear at half - time , but Mahdavikia wore his green captain 's armband for the entire match .
The four are also said to have been banned from giving media interviews .
The fate of the other two players who wore the wristbands is unknown .
None of the team members were given back their passports upon returning to Tehran after the match , which ended in a 1 - 1 draw – a result that ended Iran 's hopes of qualifying for next year 's tournament .
Karimi is one of Iranian football 's best - known stars , having played for the German club Bayern Munich .
Ka'abi played for Leicester City for several months during the 2007 / 8 season .
Hashemian and Mahdavikia play for the German teams Bochum and Eintracht Frankfurt .
The gesture acutely embarrassed Iranian officials .
The team 's chief administrative officer , Mansour Pourhiedari , initially claimed the wristbands had been intended as a religious tribute to a revered Shia figure in the hope that it would deliver a victory on the pitch .
Iran 's hardline media have since linked the protest to the arrest on Saturday of Mohsen Safayi Farahani , who headed the country 's football governing body under the former reformist president , Mohammad Khatami .
He is one of several dozen opposition politicians , intellectuals and journalists to have been detained .
Hezbollah , a pro-Ahmadinejad website , accused Farahani , a member of the pro-reform Islamic participation front , of bribing the players to wear the symbols .
Farahani was one of several prominent figures accused by Ahmadinejad of corruption during the recent election campaign .
Ahmadinejad , a known football fan , has taken a close interest in the sport 's affairs .
In 2006 Iran was banned from international competition by the world governing body Fifa after claims of improper interference by his government .
The ban was later lifted .
This year the national team coach Ali Daei was sacked , reportedly on Ahmadinejad 's orders , after a 2 - 1 home defeat by Saudi Arabia .
Liz Becton , a scheduler for a congressman ( a lowly Representative , too ! ) recently became famous for hating it when you call her Liz .
It turns out that she is basically the single worst monster in all of DC .
Earlier this week , some poor woman who got reamed by Liz , repeatedly , in very unprofessional and unnecessarily mean emails , leaked those emails to Politico .
Justice !
And , plus side for Liz , now everyone knows that she prefers " Elizabeth " ( and is a psycho ) .
And now , more Liz emails , from Wonkette !
Last year , some mildly amusing and incredibly harmless emails from House schedulers were leaked to Wonkette .
There was mild ribbing , from the famous Wonkette blogstress lady , about how it was kind of funny that no one knows where a grocery store is .
Leaking these emails is , like , mild rebuke stuff , right ?
Or is it " YOU ARE A POOR EXCUSE FOR A HUMAN BEING " stuff ?
Liz ?
From : Becton , Elizabeth
Sent : Friday , May 23 , 2008 9:55 AM
To : XXX ; XXX ; Democratic Schedulers
Subject : RE : We Have a Mole Amongst Us
What kind of nasty , petty , poorly written ( Did these people graduate from middle school to high school ? ) site is www.wonkette.com?
And what a base , narcissistic , illiterate group of readers they have !
I will never venture to that site again .
It was a total waste of my time .
However , this email is for the mole among us .
You are a poor excuse for a human being .
You are not a team player .
If I ever find out who you are , I will gladly advertise that it was you who forwarded the emails to the low - rent wonkette site .
I will further inform the Speaker 's Office , Standards on Official Conduct , and all the other appropriate offices of what you did .
And if you got paid for it , my lowly , putrid , little wonkette reader , you have committed a crime and you will be punished for it when you are found .
I have contacted Telecom and I have informed them of what has happened and since it's a quiet day , they are checking all the forwarded emails from this list serve .
And to my team players and fellow schedulers , I apologize that I had to include you on this email .
This email was intended for the lowly loser among us .
Have a nice day !
Elizabeth Becton
Executive Assistant / Office Manager
Office of Congressman Jim McDermott
Hah !
The other ones about getting the lunch lady 's name wrong , are also instant classics .
This woman is a treat .
The last thing Canada needs is yet another right - wing think tank spewing propaganda supporting more damaging tax cuts , smaller government , fewer unions , deregulation and privatization .
But there was Conservative Finance Minister Jim Flaherty last month using his office to shill for Brian Lee Crowley — currently the president of the far right public policy think tank Atlantic Institute for Market Studies ( AIMS ) — and his latest endeavour , a conservative think tank in the nation ’s capital called the Macdonald - Laurier Institute .
The Globe and Mail reported that Flaherty hosted a private dinner at the exclusive Albany Club in Toronto on June 19 to “ raise support ” for Crowley ’s new venture .
In the article Flaherty a big fan of a new think tank ( Globe and Mail , June 18 , 2009 ) Crowley said he hopes to launch the Ottawa - based organization in the fall and has already raised $ 1 - million .
Flaherty reportedly circulated a letter inviting rich Bay Street types to the event saying he was giving it “ my personal backing … and I hope that you will consider doing the same . ”
The minister said bringing change to Ottawa is difficult .
“ There are powerful actors in Ottawa , within the civil service , Parliament , the media and in many non-governmental organizations , that actively resist progress .
...
Although I have always felt very well supported by friends and colleagues , I have clearly felt the need for independent research , support and promotion of these ideals , ” which , The Globe notes , he enumerates as smaller government , lower taxes and greater personal responsibility .
Flaherty continues : “ That is why I strongly support Brian Crowley ’s project to create a national , non-partisan public policy think tank in Ottawa . ”
The minister concludes his pitch to potential backers of the new think tank by saying : “ I ’d like to see him return with a strong , independent and well - financed organization behind him to help transform Ottawa for the better , regardless of who is in power .
This important national initiative deserves to succeed .
Please join me in ensuring that it does .
My office will follow up with you . ”
This certainly sounds like the finance minister using his office to fund raise for Crowley ’s new project .
It ’s interesting to note that the Albany Club , founded in 1882 , bills itself as “ the last political club in Canada ” and “ the secret to its longevity lies in its Conservative roots . ”
“ The Club ’s history , ” the website states “ is reflected not just in its building and archives , but in many events .
The contributions of past and current members starting with founding member Sir John A. Macdonald and including each subsequent Conservative Prime Minister are celebrated within the walls of the Club . ”
The Albany Club is affiliated with over 90 private clubs around the world including the Calgary Petroleum Club and Saskatoon Club .
On November 7 , 2006 , Rob Wright , Deputy Minister of Finance , announced that Crowley had been appointed the 2006 - 2007 Clifford Clark Visiting Economist in the Department of Finance .
The post , established in 1983 , honours the late Dr. Clifford Clark , who served as Deputy Minister of Finance from 1932 until his death in 1952 .
Occupants of the position advise the Department on emerging economic issues and take part in policy development at the highest level .
They are recruited from the ranks of prominent Canadian professionals who deal with economic , financial and monetary issues in the business and academic communities , the Finance Department news release said .
Crowley , by the way , appears to be a steady contributor to the Conservative Party of Canada .
According to the party ’s financial records filed with Elections Canada the right - wing economist has donated at least $ 3,892.89 since 2004 .
Crowley ’s stint with the Finance Department ended last spring .
A Mar. 20 , 2008 , AIMS news release announced his return to the think tank noting , “ During his time in Ottawa , Crowley worked on a broad range of policy files and redesigned the pre-budget consultation process . ”
Corporations Canada records show that the Macdonald - Laurier Institute was incorporated under the Canada Corporations Act - Part II on March 12 , 2007 .
The directors at the time of incorporation or as indicated on the last annual summary as of March 31 of the year of filing were : Brian Lee Crowley , David McD. Mann , and Allan Gotlieb .
Mann is counsel for the Halifax law firm Cox & Palmer .
Gotlieb was Canadian ambassador to the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
He is also the current chairman of the Donner Canadian Foundation which donated $ 48,000 last year to Crowley ’s new think tank .
It ’s obvious that during his time with the Finance Department , Crowley was busy setting up the new organization .
And it was n’t long before he was back working for the Harper government .
Records obtained from Finance Canada under freedom of information legislation show that Crowley played a significant role in the pre-budget consultation process leading up to the federal budget that was tabled on January 27 , 2009 .
In late 2008 , Finance Canada contracted BCSG Enterprises Ltd. , a company owned by Crowley , to assist in the 2008 - 09 pre-budget consultations .
The term of the agreement was from November 26 , 2008 , to March 31 , 2009 .
The Statement of Work indicates that the department was “ seeking the services of an individual to act as an advisor and moderator for a series of six pre-budget consultations roundtables that the Minister of Finance will be hosting between the month of December 2008 and mid-February 2009 . ”
The advisor / moderator was expected to perform the following tasks :
– In consultations with the Department and the Minister ’s Office , provide advice on roundtable participants and event organization ;
– Supplement departmental efforts in recruiting participants ;
– Moderate six pre-budget roundtables , in the presence of the Minister and departmental senior officials .
“ The individual must be fully conversant with the government ’s economic and fiscal priorities , as well with the wide range of policy issues to be discussed at these roundtables .
He / she must also possess a thorough knowledge of the key stakeholder organizations across the country , in addition to having the ability to facilitate a budget policy trade - off exercise , in both official languages , ” the document states .
The proposal submitted by Crowley ’s company notes that roundtables “ will be modeled on the 2007 - 08 PBC process , and will involve five national roundtables to be held in Victoria , Saskatoon , Thornhill , Montreal and Saint John , NB , with a national wrap - up roundtable to be held in Ottawa . ”
The total cost of the project was pegged at $ 24,831.00 .
An invoice dated January 24 , 2009 , was submitted by BCSG to Finance Canada in the amount of $ 16,611.00 .
According to an April 7 , 2009 , email from David Gamble , the director of Finance Canada ’s public affairs and operations division , Crowley ’s total actual expenses was $ 17,524.37 .
Gamble said Crowley “ was heavily involved in the organization of the pre-budget consultations meetings ” and “ very hands on . ”
It ’s interesting to note that Crowley ’s invoice shows that his services also included the invitation lists and preparing the questions to be asked at the pre-budget consultation roundtables .
The summary reports prepared by Finance Canada for the five national roundtables show that participants at the discussions were asked to debate two questions and provide the Minister with their top five priorities for Budget 2009 .
Additionally , they were asked to consider which of the five priorities would provide the most effective stimulus .
The two questions , presumably Crowley ’s , were :
1 ) What would provide the most effective and immediate stimulus to the economy ?
How would you rank and give suggestions on the following areas in terms of priority for the Government providing a stimulus :
– Access to credit
– Investing in the housing market
– Accelerating infrastructure spending
– Strong sustainable labour markets and training initiatives
– Traditional and emerging industrial sectors
2 ) Beyond the question of short - term stimulus , what steps should the Government take to ensure that the Canadian economy remains internationally competitive , continues to attract investment and create jobs ?
The structure of the first question makes it clear that Crowley and the government ’s objective was to try and frame the discussion around the fives pre-determined areas of priority .
The summary reports though seems to show that this strategy was n’t overly successful as the recommendations from participants at the meetings often went beyond what the Harper government seemed willing to consider .
A good example of this was the closed - door roundtable in Saskatoon on December 18 , 2008 .
Some of the recommendations from that meeting included :
– Be cautious about further subsidizing the oil sands sector ;
– Social housing needs to be a priority and aboriginal housing should be part of the stimulus ;
– Keep people on EI , to allow them to keep their jobs .
Supplement EI for part of their week ;
– Implement micro-financing ( re : Winnipeg has a poverty reduction council ) ;
– Provide stress - relief for civil servants ;
– Encourage bio -fuel development as an alternative to fossil fuels ;
– Invest in solar energy ( i.e. Germany is the world - leader of solar energy ) and make people aware of renewable energy ;
– Provide multi - year funding for the non-profit sector , a sector that is important to the entire economy .
Incidentally , the controversial subject of spending billions of dollars on nuclear reactors or nuclear waste storage facilities apparently was n’t mentioned .
In the end the federal government was really only interested in seeing how roundtable participants ranked the list of pre-determined priorities they were given .
“ When asked to rank their number one priority from the list of five in Question 1 , participants voted 12 for access to credit and 12 for infrastructure spending ( tally confirmed by Ted Menzies ) , ” the summary report states .
Canadians should be concerned that its federal budget consultation process was essentially turned over to the head of an unaccountable right - wing think tank ; and that the finance minister , perhaps the second most powerful position in the government , is openly using his office to promote and drum up support for a new organization that will no doubt espouse the same right - wing economic policies that the Conservative government still hold dear .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - U.S. auto sales likely rose in May to a close to 10 million unit annualized rate , supported by sales at closing Chrysler dealerships in the past week , Ford Motor Co's F.N chief sales analyst said on Friday .
That result would represent a rise from the roughly 9.3 million sales rate in April , but does not yet reflect a confirmation that the U.S. auto industry sales downturn has begun a recovery , George Pipas said in an interview .
“ The circumstances surrounding this month ’s sales results are such that the elevation off of this floor that we had been operating under is taking place mostly at Chrysler dealerships , ” Pipas said .
Chrysler , which filed for bankruptcy protection on April 30 , has been closely watched by investors and government officials to see whether its sales would hold up .
Chrysler is seeking bankruptcy court approval for the sale of most of its assets to a new company led by Italy 's Fiat SpA FIA .
MI which could come as soon as Friday .
Its swift reorganization is seen as almost a dry-run for the possible bankruptcy filing of General Motors Corp GM.N .
GM is widely expected to file for bankruptcy protection on Sunday or Monday to complete a similar sale process .
“ We could see volatility , we could see really distressed pricing , ” Pipas said .
“ I think we wo n’t have a true picture for some time as to what is happening with industry sales . ”
Ford expects to report a retail market share increase in May from a year earlier , following the trend in recent months , while total sales will be down year over year along with other automakers , Pipas said .
Pipas said industry sales had run at about the same rate as from January to April for the better part of May .
The automaker has not changed its position on expectations that industry sales will begin to pick up in the second half of the year .
“ We are in the camp that there is going to be a recovery , but the question as to whether it started in May or whether ( May sales ) are due to something else will have to be assessed , ” Pipas said .
Ford shares rose 19 cents or 3.4 percent to close at $ 5.75 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday .
Most other automakers had a relatively constant rate of sales in May , Pipas said .
Chrysler Chief Executive Bob Nardelli told the bankruptcy court on Thursday that the 789 dealerships that Chrysler plans to terminate June 9 had sold 4,000 vehicles at retail and transferred 15,000 to other dealerships through Wednesday .
A spokeswoman for the automaker later said the closing dealerships had accounted for 26,000 vehicles through Thursday , but she could not give a breakdown on where the vehicles went .
( the official page for the Day Grid Balancer is http://davidseah.com/pceo/dgb)
If you ’re just joining the conversation , I ’ve been thinking a lot about work - life balance the past / few / days .
I really suck at work - life balance , and have started to crave some way of visually representing the essential elements of a good day .
Although everyone will have a different definition of what “ balance ” means , and that definition will shift over time , that did n’t stop me from trying to make a paper - tracking form to try out this week .
I want to drink of the sweet , sweet well of satisfying work - life balance !
I ’m also feeling a bit impatient about finally getting me some of that balance , hence the title at the top of the form ;-)
This is a draft in progress , so you may want to check back in the future to see what ’s changed .
The official page URL will always point to the most recent version .
If you ’re the curious and creative type , however , please read on !
The Day Grid Balancer
For my initial pass , I created a single sheet of paper to act as the focus of your day throughout the entire week .
It ’s really just a glorified to - do list , designed around the idea of noting when you ’re doing the kind of things that you ’d like to be doing every day .
By the end of the week , you should get an idea of whether or not you were successful .
Since it ’s a single sheet , you can keep it on a handy clip - board and carry it around with you .
Unlike some of my other forms , The Day Grid Balancer is not intended to track time very accurately .
You can use the various grid boxes , as I ’ve described them in the earlier 24 boxes and asymmetric grids post , to note when you spend an hour doing something that seems to fit in the balance diagram .
Or you could put a checkmark in it to mark something as “ done ” , or use a “ bowling frame style ” / and X to mark half - hour and full hour .
Suggested methodology :
Start the week by writing down what you want to do in the beginning of the week in the upper - right part of the form .
There ’s a space for up to three critical things you ’d like to get done ( these are borrowed from the Emergent Task Planner ) that require concentration in measured blocks of time .
I ’d start just by listing one , if I had to choose just one out of the dozens of things I wish were done .
If there is n’t anything you need to list , just leave this part blank .
As the week goes on , add the inevitable tasks that crop up that you have n’t yet scheduled .
For each day of the week , write down the stuff that you got done .
You can pick them from the list you ’re keeping in the upper - right part of the page , or you can just pencil in stuff as it happens ; the list is really just for your convenience .
Cross out stuff you get done from the list so you do n’t have to worry about it .
You can also schedule events for each day of the week , as needed .
As you get particular tasks done , fill in a block that corresponds roughly to the part of the balance grid .
If a particular task happens to accomplish both , then fill two of ’em in .
At the end of the week , see how it went .
As you revisit what you got done , this will help you remember how that day went .
You can then choose to do a week review and fill out another sheet for the coming week that attempts to make corrective action , .
The balance grid was designed to represent hours originally , breaking the day into 24 hours split into equal parts sleep , productive work , and personal time .
This is based roughly on the idea that for my own needs , I need to do at least 4 hours of billable work a day .
Another 4 hours of that ends up being business support , and the rest of the time is eating and household management and sleep .
Download the Form
Modifying the Form
The Day Grid Balancer
If you ’ve got Adobe Illustrator CS3 and above , here ’s the » Editable PDF « .
You can open it up in Adobe Illustrator and all the groups and vectors will be intact .
I ’m using fonts from the Helvetica Neue family , so if you do not have these fonts you will have to license them or change them to something you have .
Do not ask me to email you fonts ; fonts are copyrighted media and need to be licensed from a place like this .
and above , here ’s the .
You can open it up in Adobe Illustrator and all the groups and vectors will be intact .
I ’m using fonts from the Helvetica Neue family , so if you do not have these fonts you will have to license them or change them to something you have .
; fonts are copyrighted media and need to be licensed from a place like this .
If you do n’t have Illustrator , you can download the » PNG bitmap « ( 8 - bit with transparency to help with compositing ) that can be opened in a paint program .
If you have Adobe Photoshop or The GIMP or some equivalent program , this version should work for you fine .
However , if you have Photoshop , you can also rasterize your own bitmaps by opening the PDF directly .
Foundational and Followup articles
( PDF , requires Adobe Acrobat )
Everyone is different , of course , so this balance probably wo n’t work for a lot of people … hence , I ’mso y’all can make your own custom versions .
I ’m releasing this version under Creative Commons A - NC - SA license , which means that the source code for this specific file is now free to remix forapplications , so long as you share what you ’ve done and keep my name and link information intact .
This is the first time I ’m trying a Creative Commons license , so I have no idea what will happen .
In my imagined best - case scenario , a whole bunch of people refine and remix the elements in here and create new things , and email me their creations so I can share them here on this page .
We ’ll see how it goes ! by David Seah is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 United States License .
Based on a work at davidseah.com .
I ’m providing two mash - up friendly file formats .
NOTE : this version is n’t updated every year like this version
<
p> If you ’re interested in reading about the design process that lead up to this form , these links may interest you :
24 hours a day when I first pondered the idea of balancing the day .
24 more boxes notes my initial design thoughts on how to represent the grid
24 boxes and asymmetric grids discusses some theoretical thoughts regarding an asymmetric grid .
This was followed by the first release ( this page , which you ’re reading now ) .
Subsequent followup tweaks are here :
Assessment 1 notes the issues that I and others came upon with this draft .
Excellent comments from readers !
Draft 2 takes feedback into account and floats a new idea for a “ figure rhythm ” type of diagram for tracking the week .
I have mixed feelings about it , but progress continues !
Enjoy !
New Jersey , already a state even less free than my home of CA ( PDF ) , has decided to tread where others do n’t dare , to see if the ladies are bare down there :
Things could get hairy in New Jersey this summer for women who sport revealing bikinis or a little bit less .
The painful Brazilian wax and its intimate derivatives are in danger of being stripped from salon and spa menus if a recent proposal to ban genital waxing is passed by the state ’s Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling .
Cherry Hill salon owner Linda Orsuto said that women would “ go ballistic ” if the proposal passed .
She said that some women would resort to waxing themselves , visiting unlicensed salons or traveling to other states , including Pennsylvania , in a quest to remain bare down there .
“ The clients are going to freak , ” said Orsuto , who owns 800 West Salon & Spa , on Route 70 .
“ It ’s a hot issue , and we ’re going to have to do something . ”
New Jersey statutes allow waxing of the face , neck , arms , legs and abdomen , but officials say that genital waxing has always been illegal , although not spelled out .
Regardless , almost every salon in South Jersey , from Atlantic City casinos to suburban strip malls , has been breaking the law for years by ridding women , and some men , of their pubic hair for $ 50 to $ 60 a session .
Do n’t the emanations of penumbras that apply to nearby portion of a woman ’s body also apply here ?
I ’ve never figured out where those emanations and penumbras lie , especially when the 9th Amendment would have sufficed to cover that other decision , but I have to think this is similar enough to get a hearing before a very titillated Clarence Thomas .
Does this mean that all those douchebags wearing their “ FBI – Female Body Inspector ” t- shirts will now start applying for exactly that job with the state ?
I do feel sorry for the husbands and boyfriends of women who are doing it only to be courteous — you ’re out of luck .
Get ready to hear “ sorry , hon , it ’s illegal . ”
So why the uproar over this ?
Well , it comes from a likely source :
Orsuto said that the proposal may be the state ’s way of diverting a long - established salon procedure “ perfected by aestheticians ” to the medical community , where hair can be removed via laser treatment by dermatologists .
Follow the lobbying money .
Hat Tip : MichaelW @ QandO
Actor Alec Baldwin is a “ card - carrying Democrat ” who plays an “ über Republican ” on TV , said Jeremy P. Jacobs in The Hill .
And it looks as if he is auditioning for new role : politician .
In an interview with Playboy , Baldwin says he ’s been asked to run for governor of Ohio , and would “ love ” to take on Connecticut Sen .
Joe Lieberman , but would probably run for office in New York , if at all .
“ He said it is all ‘ fantasy , ’ but I would pay to watch a Baldwin / Lieberman race . ”
You ’re out of luck , said Alec Baldwin in The Huffington Post .
“ I am not moving to Connecticut to run against Joe Lieberman . ” Lieberman is “ an enormous letdown ” to the Democratic Party , but “ running for public office involves among the most sacred trusts that one can enter into , ” and it will take a lot of thought before I make that commitment to “ the voters I would potentially serve . ”
Alec Baldwin may just be testing the waters , but the “ politically outspoken ” actor keeps on talking about running , said News Talk Online host Gary Baumgarten ( via the New York Daily News ) , so he ’s probably serious .
And while his comments to Playboy are “ scattered , ” he does hint at some “ actual specific races ” in New York — NYC mayor , Long Island congressman , senator .
If he does run , “ Republicans might want to donate to his campaign , ” said Rudi Stettner in Rant / Rave .
“ He is that bad . ”
With years of TV footage , bizarre rants , animal - rights advocacy , and a leaked " profanity laced phone message to his daughter , ” Baldwin is “ ripe for satire .
He would make an absurdly inviting target for ridicule . ”
He should leave politics to less - hotheaded people .
Prolific book and op - ed writer Michael Lind is a senior fellow at the New America Foundation .
He ’s been described as a “ recovering conservative , ” though it ’s difficult at times to determine whether he ’s just trying to present the viewpoint of conservatives or he ’s speaking in his own voice .
Whichever the case , his intuitive understanding of how the conservative mind works is invaluable .
Think of him as politics ’ equivalent of a pro football player who signs with another team and shares his former team ’s plays with his new coaches .
In his latest article at the Daily Beast , Obama ’s Midwest Blunder , Lind writes :
“ President Barack Obama ’s poll numbers are slipping , and nowhere have they slipped more dramatically than in the Midwest . …
In his [ July 14 ] speech in Michigan , Obama hit both the new economy and green economy themes .
First , the green economy : “ I want Michigan to build windmills and wind turbines and solar panels and biofuel plants and energy - efficient light bulbs and .
… you can be all on top of weatherizing . ”
There you have it — the future of American manufacturing , according to the president , is not making machine tools , automobiles , aerospace , and consumer electronics , but rather making “ windmills and wind turbines and solar panels and biofuel plants and energy - efficient light bulbs . ”
Never mind that the market for these is minor and mostly created by government mandates on utilities and government subsidies .
If the president wished to give a boost to sagging American — as well as his own Midwestern — fortunes , he would , according to Lind :
. . . favor “ Buy American ” . . . legislation and other policies to reward the onshoring of production in American borders .
. . rather than outsourcing of American industries .
This assumes , of course , that Obama wants to be an industrial president , like Lincoln and Roosevelt , rather than the president of a post - industrial nation . …
If he continues [ to ignore ] the intensifying global competition for manufacturing while telling Americans comforting fairy tales about windmills and diploma mills , then Barack Obama , the postindustrial president , may be a post - president in 2013 .
[ Emphasis added . ]
Obama then moves on to .
. . the new economy : “ But we also have to ensure that we ’re .
… building the foundation for a 21st century education system here in America , one that will allow us to compete with China and India and everybody else all around the world . ” ( Emphasis Lind’s . )
Obama surely did not intend to insult America ’s industrial workers .
But that ’s exactly what he did , by implying that if American workers lose their jobs to Chinese and Indian workers , their own lack of education is to blame .
Not the short - term calculations of greedy shareholders who pressure U.S. multinational companies into shuttering factories in the U.S. and opening them in other countries .
The advantages of viewing issues from both sides of the political spectrum are apparent .
Even more intriguing is a February article of Lind ’s , Stop the Democratic Suicide .
He wrote :
First they came for the bankers .
Then they came for the CEOs .
Then they came for the liberals .
That might be the epitaph of the Democratic Party , if Democrats cannot learn to surf the tsunami of populism created by the economic earthquake .
As more Americans lose their jobs and their homes , as more businesses crater and banks topple , popular anger is rising like a wall of water over a suddenly quiet beachfront resort .
You ’d think that the Democrats in Washington would be aware of the danger .
After all , the massive expansion of Great Society spending in the 1960s , followed by the stagflation of the 1970s [ not sure if his cause and effect is correct — RW ] allowed the marginal conservative movement to tap populist anger and dominate American politics for a generation . …
To date , however , the Obama administration has seemed more concerned with reassuring Wall Street that it will be protected against Main Street hotheads than in disciplining Wall Street on behalf of Main Street Americans who have lost jobs , homes , and savings .
Given the opportunity , Republicans can once again tap a reservoir of resentment , some of it justified .
Lind writes that a third - party candidate might be able to siphon off enough votes from the president to allow the Republicans to eke out a victory .
Actually , if they can reel Americans back into the What ’s the Matter With Kansas ?
state of mind , Republicans might be able to swing it themselves .
To refresh your memories , Republicans just need to remind Americans of the assumptions many of us operated under during the Bush years .
To wit , it ’s not the practices of the corporate rich that cost us our jobs and houses .
It ’s the liberal elite and their latte - sipping , third - trimester - aborting ways .
In fact , widespread wrath at the super - rich , aside from their bonuses and corporate jets , has failed to materialize .
After all , the belief that we ’re all rich people waiting to happen is ingrained in many Americans .
Nor do we imagine that once we get there , we ’d care to be constrained by regulations or bled dry by taxes .
It ’s more likely though that our anger remains inchoate because the Obama administration has purposely avoided singling out individuals and charging them with corporate crime .
Should the emphasis on bail - out over stimulus erode the economy further , Obama , Geithner , Summers , et al , instead of the corporate culprits , are poised to take the fall .
Thing 1/25 : I have n't eaten a Nilla Wafer in 25 years because , while I love them , I love my sister more .
If you like it , please share it .
Tweet When I was 11 years old my mom , sister and I went to Europe during Summer vacation .
During the days we'd see the most amazing things : the canals at Venice , the Colosseum , Pompeii , the leaning tower of Pisa .
As amazing as the daytime sights were , sleeping in a different and very foreign place each night had quite an effect on my dreams .
Some of the dreams I had while on this three week trip were some of the strangest and most vivid of my life .
Two dreams in particular stuck in my memory past the break of day , and indeed stay with me even now .
The first was easily understood and relevant .
Two nights before we were to travel to Pisa , I dreamt that my sister Susie and I were climbing the stairs inside the tower and , about halfway up , she ventured outside of the inner spiral to the columns that line the perimeter of each story .
I dreamt that while perched on the slanted surface she slipped and fell the long and uninterrupted distance to the ground below .
Sure that she was critically injured , I ran to the edge and peeked over , to find that somehow she had only broken her arm .
Actually visiting the leaning tower of Pisa two days later , she and I were walking up the stairs that looked exactly as I had pictured them , and about halfway up she wanted to venture outside the spiral staircase , just as she did in my dream .
Though Susie was two years my elder , and not in the habit of taking direction from me , I begged her not to go out to the edge , even as I did n't tell her why , worried that I would sound silly or would be ignored .
I asked her to trust me and not go out at that point , and we went to the top and looked out from the top railing .
We even climbed the ladder to the higher inner ledge and , while I was naturally scared and cautious , I did n't have any portents about this part , so it was just normal everyday terror .
This episode ( and Pisa ) past , we journeyed on to Florence .
Another city , another hotel , another bed , and another portentous dream , just as vivid but entirely different than the last .
Unlike the Pisa falling dream , which had a narrative , a clear position in time and space , an action and a consequence , this dream was much more a simple moment floating outside of any time I could define .
Maybe it was tomorrow , maybe decades later .
The dream was this : I was someplace ( I do n't have any recollection where ) and I was eating a few Nilla wafers .
While I was in the middle of eating one , someone rushed up to me and told me that my sister had died .
That 's it .
The dream lasted all of 10 seconds and had only two salient details :
My Nilla wafers and my sister 's passing .
I woke up suddenly in the middle of the night in the room that the three of us were sharing , and I could see that she was fine , sleeping peacefully .
I have a hard time breaking habits or curbing desires .
It took me years to stop sucking my thumb as a young child , and I still have poor willpower when it comes to desserts , but to this day , and forevermore , I have not and will not eat a Nilla wafer .
My sister does n't know about this .
I 've never told her .
She does n't regularly read my blog , so I do n't know whether she 'll hear the story due to my sharing it here , but who knows .
It 's something I do for her because I love her .
It 's not really the kind of thing you talk about .
It does n't really come up in conversation .
To my recollection the only people who knew before this post were my ex-girlfriends Karen and Emily , and my wife Rachel .
They 've all watched out for me , knowing not to bring any into our home , and helping me steer clear from desserts that happen to have Nilla wafers , crumbled or otherwise , in them .
A Japanese restaurant in Jack London Square with an amazing Bananas Foster comes to mind .
I always order it specifically without the Nilla wafers that are otherwise added in .
I wo n't eat generic knock - offs .
I can still picture the taste of them , and there 's nothing quite like them , but I feel pretty much nothing as I walk by them in the supermarket .
We had shared good times together , but me and Nilla wafers have taken different paths , and will not cross again , because I love my sister too much to chance it , no matter how ridiculous that may sound .
Oh , and if you read this and ever try to slip me one as a joke , do n't even think about it .
aboutme Hi , I 'm Kevin Fox .
I 've been blogging at Fury.com since 1998 .
I can be reached at kevin at fury dot com .
I also have a resume .
electricimp I 'm co-founder in
a fantastic startup fulfilling the promise of the Internet of Things .
The Imp is a computer and wi-fi connection smaller and cheaper than a memory card .
Find out more .
We 're also hiring .
followme I post most frequently on Twitter as @kfury and on Google Plus .
pastwork I 've led design at Mozilla Labs , designed Gmail 1.0 , Google Reader 2.0 , FriendFeed , and a few special projects at Facebook .
© 2012 Kevin Fox
( CNN ) --
A prosecutor is dropping a charge against prominent Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. after Cambridge , Massachusetts , and the city 's police department recommended that the matter not be pursued .
Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. was arrested last week on a charge of disorderly conduct .
In a joint statement , Cambridge and the police department said they made the recommendation to the Middlesex County district attorney and the district attorney 's office " has agreed to enter a nolle prosequi in this matter , " meaning that it will not be pursued .
Gates was arrested last week on a charge of disorderly conduct after a confrontation with an officer at his home , according to a Cambridge police report .
Charles Ogletree , a professor at Harvard Law School who is Gates ' lawyer in this case , told CNN on Tuesday that Gates -- the director of Harvard 's W. E. B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research -- had returned from China on Thursday to his Cambridge home and discovered his front door jammed .
' Moment of Truth - Black in America 2 ' Harvard professor , Henry Louis Gates , Jr. will join the countdown to Black in America 2 , in his first exclusive interview since his run in with police at his home .
Moment of Truth , live from Times Square .
Tomorrow 7 p.m. ET see full schedule »
He opened his back door with his key and tried unsuccessfully from inside his home to open the front door .
Eventually , Gates and his driver forced the door open from the outside , Ogletree said .
The professor was inside for several minutes when a police officer , Sgt. James Crowley , appeared at his steps and asked him to step outside , the lawyer said .
According to his lawyer , Gates told the officer he lived there and showed him his Massachusetts driver 's license and Harvard University identification card .
The officer followed him into his house and said he had received a report of a possible break - in , the lawyer said .
Gates grew frustrated that the officer was continuing to question him in his home and asked for the officer 's name and badge number , Ogletree said .
The police report offers a different account of the incident .
Gates refused to step outside to speak with the officer , the police report said , and when Crowley told Gates that he was investigating a possible break - in , Gates opened the front door and exclaimed , " Why , because I 'm a black man in America ? " the report said .
" While I was led to believe that Gates was lawfully in the residence , I was quite surprised and confused with the behavior he exhibited toward me , " he said , according to the report .
The report said Gates initially refused to show the officer identification , but eventually produced a Harvard identification card , prompting Crowley to radio for Harvard University Police .
Gates followed the officer outside and continued to accuse him of racial bias , the report said .
After Crowley warned the professor twice that he was becoming disorderly , the officer wrote he arrested Gates for " loud and tumultuous behavior in a public space . "
Ogletree said the professor was " very frustrated " but never touched or pointed at the officer .
He was released from police custody Thursday evening after spending four hours at the police station , Ogletree said .
All About Harvard University • Cambridge ( Massachusetts )
Estimated reading time — < 1 minute
A homeless man is sitting on a park bench .
You are jogging .
As you jog up to him , he holds his hand out and asks for change , you jog on past , pretending that you ca n’t hear him over your iPod .
Feeling guilty , you stop .
You reach into the pocket of your running shorts for a couple of bucks you were saving for a bottle of water .
You turn around to jog back to the homeless man .
He is already standing right behind you .
The park is suddenly abandoned .
His eyes are wriggling masses of wasp larvae , he outstretches his arms , each which are 5 feet in length .
His mouth opens inexplicably wide , his lower jaw touching his sternum .
The only sound he emits from his gaping mouth is a dial tone .
Before he pulls you into the black cavernous throat of his , you have time to scream ,
“ Oh god .
You were phone !?? ”
Please wait ...
Spongebob Squarepants Movie , The - Mr Krabs Swears !
When Spongebob inadvertently goes up on stage to accept his non-existant promotion and Mr. Krabs is whispering stuff in his ear , you can distictly hear Mr. Krabs say " Jackass " 3 times .
Be the first to post pictures of this Slip - Up !
Rated 6.8 /10 ( 21 ratings )
Your opinion ?
I 'd give it a ... 10 ( Best ) 9 8 7 6 5 ( OK ) 4 3 2 1 ( Worst ) 0 ( This is false ! )
Special Requirements : none
Why use or switch to Linux ? :
Linux is more than a hip buzzword in computing .
It is more than the latest fad .
It was modeled on the Unix operating system first developed by Dennis Ritchie and Ken Thompson at AT&T .
Unix was developed to run the largest network in world , the AT&T telephone system , and it did .
The Unix operating system was designed to be scalable , reliable , modular , secure and portable with network extensibility .
The development of Unix eventually led to the POSIX standard which defines much of the Linux architecture .
Unlike many single user desktop console based operating systems , Linux is a multi-user , multi-tasking , network enabled operating system accessible from anywhere on the network .
Multiple users can access a Linux computer remotely , each running their own individual desktop instance , all at the same time .
The Linux / Unix X - Windows network enabled multi-user windowing system allows full remote access .
This is a sharp contrast to a single user console based OS which requires the user to be physically present at the computer in order to access his desktop and applications , limiting access to one user at a time .
The Linux / Unix OS was designed to support remote and secure multi-user access using ssh .
This gives all Linux / Unix administrators and users a powerful flexible standard remote interface while the automobile is often the primary remote access tool of other OS administrators ( i.e. Windows 98 and NT ) .
The use of Linux / Unix pipes , tees and redirection allow a modular approach to the design of Linux / Unix tools .
They allow the capability of any tool to be extended , chaining input and output with other tools .
In operating systems like DEC / VMS , paging and formatting capabilities were built into a tool , instead of leveraging the capabilities of standard Linux / Unix tool components like " more " , " sort " , " less " and " awk " .
Linux / Unix shell scripts provide a batch scripting capability which can be scheduled , propagated to other systems or used to create new commands .
GUI only interfaces may require physical point and clicks on each system to perform a task .
While some debate GUI vs commands and scripts , Linux / Unix embraces both .
The system startup and shutdown is controlled by the system initialization configuration file /etc / inittab and the init scripts in /etc/rc.d/init.d/.. .
The system startup and shutdown procedures are configurable and extensible .
One may control which services are started upon system boot and which are terminated on system shutdown , as well as the sequence dependencies .
This allows for the orderly shutdown of databases and other sensitive programs which should be shutdown by the application itself , rather than killed while processing , which could lead to data corruption or loss .
The system can be booted to various " init " states allowing the system to operate in various configurations to support maintenance and system debugging .
On many competing operating systems , the shutdown procedure is not extensible or modifiable .
Linux avoids the MS / Windows " DLL HELL " , which causes Windows or its applications to fail when a newer or incompatible run-time dynamic linked library ( DLL ) is installed .
Linux employs version numbers in its run-time shared object libraries , which can therefore coexist on the system with different versions of the same libraries .
The Linux RPM package management system also helps resolve dependencies and conflicts with files and libraries .
Network settings and many other MS / Windows parameters require a reboot to take effect .
This is also true when MS / Windows registry settings are modified .
Linux is modular enough to allow the particular service ( i.e. networking ) to be cycled without shutting down the entire computer .
Linux also has many kernel parameters which can be set through the " / proc / " interface to allow dynamic changes to a running kernel .
This greatly increases Linux system uptime and eliminates the time wasted performing system reboots .
The file system directory structure is completely configurable and not limited to drive letters such as A , C or D as a top level mount point .
Thus MS / Windows has a limit of 23 mount points .
( 22 + Floppy : A , B & System : C & DVD / CD : D. ) Note : MS / Windows Server 2003 Server and Datacenter Edition can use volume mount points to get around this limitation .
Linux file system mount points can be created at anywhere in the directory hierarchy .
Multi-user versions of MS / Windows such as the server edition will allow a single user to map a network file system to a letter which is a local mount point .
The MS / Windows OS will not allow a second user to map the same letter .
Thus if an application is configured to read data from this mount point , the application is immediately limited to operation by a single user .
The Linux / Unix file system is network enabled ( using NFS ) to extend it 's reach .
Both directly attached storage and networked file systems are mountable at any point in the file system directory hierarchy and can be simultaneously used by all users on the system .
The kernel is at the heart of the Linux / Unix operating system .
It is responsible for enabling multi-tasking , multi-user , multi- threading , multi- processing , security , interfacing with hardware and the network .
It is this kernel which Linus Torvalds developed , based on the Posix / Unix design , which gives Linux its name .
Shells , user applications and everything else interfaces with this kernel .
Linux kernel development is currently supported by OSDL.org , a consortium of telecommunications and computer software and hardware companies .
The source code is published under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
This license for Open Source software has led to the rapid development , debugging , deployment and acceptance by allowing and defining terms under which people can copy , modify and share the source code .
Hardware vendors such as IBM , Hewlett Packard and SGI have bet their future on Linux .
Oracle has made it their development platform and thus the platform of first release .
Deployment of corporate enterprise software such as SAP and Oracle on Linux as a primary platform have ensured that Linux is a cornerstone of the corporate computing infrastructure .
The open source license has rid Linux of any suspicion of monopoly extension or restrictive and expensive licensing structures .
It is also the nature of the Linux open source kernel software to be more bug free and secure than its competitors , as it is reviewed by developers everywhere rather than by a limited group of security analysts .
Linux has been deployed commercially on a vast array of hardware from PDA 's ( Sharp Zaurus ) to laptops , wokstations , servers , mainframes ( IBM S/390 ) and supercomputers ( SGI Altix , Beowulf clusters ) and is making its way into more devices each day ( routers , satellites , automobiles , ... ) .
Future and advanced development is ensured as the source code is available to all .
It is studied in universities and institutions worldwide .
PhD candidates and corporate researchers use Linux to try advanced computing concepts .
The improvements when made available , must compete with other advanced concepts , and those which withstand the rigors of first users , and scrutiny of the development community , are approved and included into the Linux kernel .
Once adopted as part of Linux , they then must also continue to survive challengers .
This will help ensure that Linux is always the best it can be .
Developers who submit source code know that it will face scrutiny from a worldwide pool of developers and reviewers , which motivates them to put forth well - written code .
Linux is here to stay ; it is getting stronger day by day , and that is good from a technical , financial and economic point of view .
Links :
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group .
Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
Building a Bicycle Camera Mount
Hawaii has been one of those wonderlands that I have always dreamt about , but never thought I 'd ever go .
That changed when my wife and I recently made a decision to take a Contiki Adventure Tour to Hawaii in late summer this year .
The Contiki Adventure Tours are restricted to 18 to 35 years olds with tons of physical activities throughout the day and nightlife in the evenings on Hawaii , Maui , Oahu , and Niihau .
Physical activities includes touring an active volcano , surfing at the beautiful beaches , snorkeling at the coral reefs , and mountain biking down Mt. Haleakala Volcano after sunrise .
My girlfriend ( now wife ) went on this trip a year ago and her stories had made my mouth water with envy .
The activity that really stood out for me is the mountain biking , though I can't wait to participate in the others as well .
And for weeks now , I have said to myself that I want to make a bike camera mount so that I can videotape the fast ride down the mountain .
I 'm sure it will be exhilarating fun !
So I have about 60 - days to make myself a bicycle camera mount .
Making a mount really would n't be that hard or time consuming .
It 's just I have tons of chores to accomplish in my daily routine .
And finding time to sit down and put together my vision is the hard part .
I have spent quite some time thinking of a simple way to make and use a mount .
It 'll have to be small enough to not intrude on other fellow bike riders .
It should be quick to attach and remove from the bike to prevent the tour group from waiting on me ; translates to using minimal tools or none at all .
Cheap enough so that if I left it on the bike , I would n't feel like I lost a limb .
It needs to be sturdy enough to support a small MiniDV camcorder .
My plan and concept has already been thought up , minus a few minor details that I am sure they could be worked out once I have a drill in hand .
I believe the plan would meet all requirements listed in the previous paragraph .
For now , I present you some pictures and parts that will fit in my master plan and see if you could devise what my plan is .
Comments & Discussion >>
Parts You Need
1/4 " - 20 x 3 " Screw
1/4 " - 20 Wing Nut ( 3 )
1/4 " x 1 - 1/4 " Flat Washer ( 2 )
Super Glue or Epoxy
Imitation Bicycle Headlight
I bought this bicycle headlight ( see picture below ) at the local 99 cents store .
Guess for how much ?
It 's a knock - off the original Cat Eye Bicycle Headlight that I paid $ 30 for when I was in high school .
The more recent Cat Eye headlight it resembles is the Cat Eye HL - 500 Bicycle Headlight .
If you can't find an imitation one for a buck or so , you can always pay a little more for the real thing to hack .
Alternative Parts
I found some wing nuts with built - in washers ( see picture below ) in an Ace Hardware store in Hawaii .
These wing nuts are more robust than the ones we 'll build in this article .
And you wo n't have to fuss with glues , etc .
But the surface area is n't as big .
For small camcorders or cameras , these are fine .
But if you want to attach large camera rigs , you 'll have to build sturdy ones out of large washers .
I also purchased a 1/4 " - 20 x 4 " screw in Hawaii just in case .
See , I did n't have a bicycle to test my mount with before I left for Hawaii .
It 's better to have all the parts you need , rather than going on the bike ride only to find out that the parts you have are n't sufficient .
Comments & Discussion >>
Tools You Need
Drill
1/4 " Drill Bit
Comments & Discussion >>
The Hack !
The bicycle mount portion of the light consists of four pieces : a screw bolt for tightening the mount , a plastic removal clip , a handlebar mount , and a non-slip rubber .
Unscrew the bolt with a Phillips screwdriver .
You 'll notice that the bolt is held with a metal nut that is permanently embedded in the plastic mount .
The bolt is no longer necessary , so you can toss it in the trash bin or save it in your bolt collection for future projects .
The tripod mount bolt on the camera is 1/4 " - 20 , so you 'll need to enlarge the screw hole to 1/4 " .
This can be done easily with an electric drill and progressively drill from a smaller drill bit to the 1/4 " drill bit .
I used the 1/4 " drill bit to make the hole as large as possible , because I wanted to the 1/4 " bolt to slide though it easily .
I do n't want to waste too much time fiddling with the mount in Hawaii .
Do n't Play with Fire
The first thing that I tried was to remove the metal nut from the plastic mount .
Instead of drilling it out , I thought it might be easier to heat the metal nut , melt the rubber , and push it out ( see picture below ) .
So I gotten a lighter and heated the metal and surrounding plastic .
It did n't work .
All the fire did was made the nut and bolt hot and defaced the plastic on the mount .
Removing the nut by melting the plastic turned out to be a lot of work .
I found out later that the metal nut was soft and took hardly any time to drill .
Next , take a 1/4 " - 20 wing nut and screw it on to the 1/4 " - 20 bolt , the wings should face the bolt head , until it comes to a stop as shown in the picture below .
Use some super glue to fix the wing nut permanently to the bolt .
This would allow you to tighten the bolt by hand without a screwdriver .
And by putting the wing nut under the bolt head , instead of over , you can still use a flat - head screwdriver to tighten it if you wish .
Take two wing nuts , two 1/4 " washers , and some super glue to make the rest of the fasteners .
Line the bottom side of each wing nut with super glue and place each wing nut over the center hole of each washer ( see pictures below ) .
One of these pair will be used for tightening the bike camera mount .
The other will be used as the tripod head .
The washers have larger surface area , so it will help with weight distribution under the camera .
After the super glue has dried , slip the 1/4 " bolt through the plastic bike mount ( see picture below ) .
If it does not slip through easily , use the 1/4 " drill bit to enlarge the hole .
The hole should be big enough for the bolt to easily slip through , but not so loose that the bolt has a lot of room to play .
With the bolt through the hole on the bike mount , screw one of the wing nut and washer onto the bolt as shown in picture below .
The washer should be closer to the plastic mount than the wing nut .
Now , screw the other wing nut and washer onto the bolt in reverse ( see picture below ) .
Reverse meaning that the wing nut is closer to the plastic bike mount .
There should be enough bolt thread left for your camera or camcorder .
If not , then you 'll need to use a longer bolt .
Test the length by screwing the bolt into the tripod socket of your camera .
When the bolt comes to a stop , there should be a little bit of thread between the bottom of the camera and the washer .
Tighten the attachment by screwing the wing nut until the washer is flush with the camera body .
Comments & Discussion >>
Make a SpyCam Mount Like this article ?
Check out the Hacking Digital Cameras book .
Chapter 19 of the book is titled , " Building a SpyCam Mount for Your Bicycle " .
It guides you through making a simpler bicycler mount than the one in this article .
In addition , it presents a thorough discussion of using a wireless video camera and an Archos MPEG - 4 AV400 200 GB Pocket Video Recorder to memorialize your journey .
Setting it up is a lot easier than you think .
Attaching to the Bicycle
To attach the mount to your bicycle , unscrew both wing nut and washer sets from the bolt .
Remove the bolt from the plastic mount .
Wrap the plastic mount around the handle bar on your bike , or any other tubular section .
Insert the bolt through the plastic mount and fasten the mount to the bike tightly with one of the wing nut and washer set .
Screw the other set onto the bolt in reverse .
Attach the camera to the bolt .
Tighten the camera onto the mount with the wing nut and washer set .
Now you are ready to go shoot some great bike photos and videos .
The nice thing about this bicycle camera mount is that it only cost a few bucks to make .
And if I have to leave it behind on my Hawaiian trip , I would only be sad by the fact that I left one of my projects behind , not due to the cost of making it .
If you have several bikes , you can easily afford to make one for each of your bikes and never have to move the mount from one bike to another .
Comments & Discussion >>
Tips
It 's hard to shoot photos from a moving bike , especially if you mount the camera elsewhere than the handlebar .
But you can make your life easier by wiring up a remote trigger to your camera and place the remote close to your hand on the handlebar .
See other articles on this web site for remote triggers .
It 's a little easier to shoot videos on your bike .
Just press the record button and hop on .
Enjoy the ride and let the camcorder recorder on its own .
Stop the recording when you arrive at your destination .
You 'll find that your ride is more enjoyable when you are not worried about what the video camera is seeing .
Plus , you 'll further reduce your chance of getting into a bicycling accident .
The bicycle vibrates a lot .
Be sure to tighten the mount as much as possible to prevent movement from vibration .
Comments & Discussion >>
Related Links
The prison at the Bagram air base houses senior al - Qaeda suspects A US military review is to recommend an overhaul of the entire Afghan prison and judicial systems , Pentagon officials have confirmed .
Concerns about recruitment by the Taliban within local prisons are among the issues being addressed in a major review of US detention policy .
Reform of the US - run Bagram air base is said to be a key plank of the review , which has not yet been released .
Last month the BBC uncovered widespread allegations of abuse at the facility .
The BBC spoke to 27 ex-inmates around the country over two months , most of whom alleged they had been beaten , deprived of sleep and threatened with dogs at Bagram .
In 2002 , two Afghan detainees died after being repeatedly struck by American personnel .
Prisoners at the controversial facility are currently refusing privileges available to them , as part of a protest about their basic rights .
Bagram is the main prison for people detained by US forces in Afghanistan .
Most detainees there have been arrested on suspicion of militancy - the US considers them " unlawful combatants " who can be detained indefinitely .
Extremists separated Pentagon officials confirmed the existence of the review , which is being conducted against the background of allegations of abuse at Bagram .
They did things that you would not do against animals let alone to humans
Dr Khandan
Former Bagram inmate
Ex-detainees allege Bagram abuse Officials react to Bagram ' abuse '
Afghan ex-prisoner speaks of fear Among the issues being considered , US officials are concerned at how Afghan authorities treat detainees and are seeking to build up a viable judicial network in Afghanistan .
The review was conducted by US marine commander Maj Gen Douglas M Stone , the New York Times reported on Monday .
He is widely credited with transforming American detention practices in Iraq .
Gen Stone 's key recommendation is for militants to be separated from more moderate detainees who are being held on charges unrelated to militancy , the newspaper said .
Under the proposals , the US could help fund and construct an Afghan - run prison to hold extremists .
The review also reportedly recommends that the remaining prisoners should be taught vocational skills and classes in moderate Islam , to help re-integrate them into society .
It also makes the case for more training for new Afghan prison guards , prosecutors and judges .
The findings form part of a 60 - day review of the ongoing war being undertaken by the new US commander in Afghanistan , Gen Stanley McChrystal .
Details about the new policy first emerged when the Wall Street Journal reported aspects of the review last month , but two officials who have read or been briefed about the report gave further details about its contents to the New York Times and the BBC .
Lack of lawyers
The BBC 's correspondent in Kabul , Martin Patience , says there are serious issues concerning infrastructure and overcrowding in prisons .
According to figures from the Afghan justice ministry , there are 34 prisons and an estimated 15,000 prisoners in the country .
It is unknown how many inmates are connected to the Taleban .
Our correspondent says the Afghan government has rented at least 12 other buildings to accommodate prisoners .
He added that another big concern is prisoners having no access to lawyers or a fair judicial system .
As of May , there were about 500 lawyers in the country - that is one lawyer for every 60,000 Afghans .
BAGRAM
Main base for US - led forces Prison on the site has capacity for 1,000 prisoners About 600 Afghans and foreign al - Qaeda suspects held there US calls inmates " unlawful combatants "
Inmates have no right to challenge detention in US courts
In May President Obama said he would not release more photographs showing abuse by US military officials of prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan .
He said that every case of abuse had been dealt with and warned that releasing the images could further inflame opinion against the US , potentially endangering US troops serving abroad .
But President Obama has also said that the US is examining an alleged massacre of hundreds of prisoners who had surrendered to a US - backed warlord in Afghanistan in 2001 .
Amid allegations that the Bush administration resisted efforts to investigate , he told officials to " collect the facts " surrounding the incident .
Reports of the alleged massacre first surfaced in 2002 but there has been no formal investigation .
Afghanistan is a renewed priority with the US administration , with concerns running high about the resurgence of the Taliban , correspondents say .
In a recent trip to Afghanistan US military chief Adm Mike Mullen highlighted the urgency for more troops in the country .
The New York Times also reported that he had issued a confidential message to military service chiefs emphasising the need to ensure prisoners were treated properly .
US and UK forces are currently engaged in a major operation to combat Taliban militants in the south of the country .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
US : Army base ordered on stand - down after multiple suicides
By Naomi Spencer
29 May 2009
Members of the 101st Airborne Division were ordered to suspend regular operations at the Fort Campbell , Kentucky , Army base Wednesday after the suicide toll rose to 11 for the year .
The stand - down , termed the “ Second Suicide Stand - Down Event , ” by acting top commander Brig .
Gen. Stephen Townsend , was prompted by two suicides on base last week .
Fort Campbell , which leads the Army in base suicides , instituted a similar stand - down in March that was effective across the entire Army .
The current , base - specific stand - down is in effect until Friday .
Speaking to the 25,000 personnel stationed at the base , Townsend told soldiers not to hide suicidal feelings and to assist others to get help .
He ordered soldiers to complete part of a suicide prevention program in the next few days .
The Army ’s reported number of active - duty soldier suicides has climbed every year of the Afghanistan and Iraq occupations .
In January , the suicide rate surpassed the combat death toll .
So far this year , the Army lists 64 confirmed or suspected cases in which troops have taken their own lives .
This comes atop a record 133 confirmed suicides reported by the Army in 2008 , an increase over another record - breaking year in 2007 , when at least 115 active - duty personnel killed themselves .
Suicides in other branches of the military , such as the Marines , are also on the rise .
The 101st Airborne is a heavily deployed division , particularly for operations in Afghanistan .
Its three combat brigades have been redeployed to Iraq for at least three tours .
According to a May 28 Associated Press report , Fort Campbell ’s 4th Brigade has just returned from a 15 - month tour in Afghanistan .
Such deployments have inflicted deep psychological trauma on troops and strain on military families .
Head chaplain Col. Ken Brown commented to the AP , “ We ’ve been at war at this installation for seven years ....
I think that has a cumulative effect across the force . ”
The latest suicides come as the Obama administration escalates US operations in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
By the end of the year , the number of US personnel in the region will reach some 68,000 .
The stand - down order is not likely to prevent suicide , according to mental health experts who were interviewed by the cable news channel CNN .
Dr. Mark Kaplan , a military suicide researcher who has worked for the Veterans Administration on prevention programs , said , “ It sounds like an order ....
I ’m not sure that a command like this is going to alter the course of somebody who is on a trajectory of self - harm . ”
Kaplan noted that far from encouraging treatment for mental or emotional problems , the military fosters a social and professional stigma around psychological disorders .
Individuals are ordered into violent situations , where they witness or participate in horrifying acts .
Soldiers charged with imposing an occupation on a hostile population are subject to a culture of brutality , paranoia , suspicion of civilians , and hatred .
Although deeply disturbed by their experiences , soldiers are under pressure to hide their trauma from their peers and families .
Soldiers come back from tours to financial and relationship strains at home and are pressured to redeploy , in some cases even after being diagnosed with mental disorders .
They suppress trauma with alcohol and pills for stress and insomnia , which frequently compound psychological instability .
“ More often than not , these are individuals who ’ll get liquored up , so to speak , and have access to a gun and die from a self - inflicted gunshot wound , ” Kaplan told CNN .
The stand - down order was “ the equivalent of ‘ Just Say No ’ to prevent drug abuse , ” mental health expert Bill Lichtenstein at Columbia University added .
Mental disorders are extremely common among combat veterans .
Currently , about one in five military personnel who have been deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan — 300,000 in all — have post - traumatic stress disorder or major depression , according to a 2008 Rand Corp. study .
The study estimated that only slightly more than half sought any treatment .
At the same time , the military issues blanket prescriptions for active - duty soldiers .
A recent Army mental health survey reported that 12 percent of soldiers in Iraq and 17 percent in Afghanistan were taking antidepressants , anxiety medication or sleeping medications .
The author also recommends :
Pentagon changes Afghanistan commander as military ’s crisis deepens
[ 13 May 2009 ]
US military suicide rate at record high
[ 4 February 2009 ]
Sharp increase in mental illness among US troops during 2007
[ 29 May 2008 ]
New evidence underscores the theory of human origin that suggests humans most likely share a common ancestor with orangutans , according to research from the University of Pittsburgh and the Buffalo Museum of Science .
Reporting in the June 18 edition of the Journal of Biogeography , the researchers reject as " problematic " the popular suggestion , based on DNA analysis , that humans are most closely related to chimpanzees , which they maintain is not supported by fossil evidence .
Jeffrey H. Schwartz , professor of anthropology in Pitt 's School of Arts and Sciences and president of the World Academy of Art and Science , and John Grehan , director of science at the Buffalo Museum , conducted a detailed analysis of the physical features of living and fossil apes that suggested humans , orangutans , and early apes belong to a group separate from chimpanzees and gorillas .
They then constructed a scenario for how the human - orangutan common ancestor migrated between Southeast Asia — where modern orangutans are from — and other parts of the world and evolved into now - extinct apes and early humans .
The study provides further evidence of the human - orangutan connection that Schwartz first proposed in his book " The Red Ape : Orangutans and Human Origins , Revised and Updated " ( Westview Press , 2005 ) .
Schwartz and Grehan scrutinized the hundreds of physical characteristics often cited as evidence of evolutionary relationships among humans and other great apes — chimps , gorillas , and orangutans — and selected 63 that could be verified as unique within this group ( i.e. , they do not appear in other primates ) .
Of these features , the analysis found that humans shared 28 unique physical characteristics with orangutans , compared to only two features with chimpanzees , seven with gorillas , and seven with all three apes ( chimpanzees , gorillas , and orangutans ) .
Gorillas and chimpanzees shared 11 unique characteristics .
Schwartz and Grehan then examined 56 features uniquely shared among modern humans , fossil hominids — ancestral humans such as Australopithecus — and fossil apes .
They found that orangutans shared eight features with early humans and Australopithecus and seven with Australopithecus alone .
The occurrence of orangutan features in Australopithecus contradicts the expectation generated by DNA analysis that ancestral humans should have chimpanzee similarities , Schwartz and Grehan write .
Chimpanzees and gorillas were found to share only those features found in all great apes .
Schwartz and Grehan pooled humans , orangutans , and the fossil apes into a new group called " dental hominoids , " named for their similarly thick - enameled teeth .
They labeled chimpanzees and gorillas as African apes and wrote in Biogeography that although they are a sister group of dental hominoids , " the African apes are not only less closely related to humans than are orangutans , but also less closely related to humans than are many " fossil apes .
advertisement
The researchers acknowledge , however , that early human and ape fossils are largely found in Africa , whereas modern orangutans are found in Southeast Asia .
To account for the separation , they propose that the last common human - orangutan ancestor migrated between Africa , Europe , and Asia at some point that ended at least 12 million to 13 million years ago .
Plant fossils suggest that forests once extended from southern Europe , through Central Asia , and into China prior to the formation of the Himalayas , Schwartz and Grehan write , proposing that the ancestral dental hominoid lived and roamed throughout this vast area ; as the Earth 's surface and local ecosystems changed , descendant dental hominoids became geographically isolated from one another .
Schwartz and Grehan compare this theory of ancestral distribution with one designed to accommodate a presumed human - chimpanzee relationship .
They write that in the absence of African ape fossils more than 500,000 years old , a series of " complicated and convoluted " scenarios were invented to suggest that African apes had descended from earlier apes that migrated from Africa to Europe .
According to these scenarios , European apes then diverged into apes that moved on to Asia and into apes that returned to Africa to later become humans and modern apes .
Schwartz and Grehan challenge these theories as incompatible with the morphological and biogeographic evidence .
Paleoanthropologist Peter Andrews , a past head of Human Origins at the London Natural History Museum and coauthor of " The Complete World of Human Evolution " ( Thames & Hudson , 2005 ) , said that Schwartz and Grehan provide good evidence to support their theory .
Andrews had no part in the research , but is familiar with it .
" They have good morphological evidence in support of their interpretation , so that it must be taken seriously , and if it reopens the debate between molecular biologists and morphologists , so much the better , " Andrews said .
" They are going against accepted interpretations of human and ape relationships , and there 's no doubt their conclusions will be challenged .
But I hope it will be done in a constructive way , for science progresses by asking questions and testing results . "
Schwartz and Grehan contend in the Journal of Biogeography that the clear physical similarities between humans and orangutans have long been overshadowed by molecular analyses that link humans to chimpanzees , but that those molecular comparisons are often flawed :
There is no theory holding that molecular similarity necessarily implies an evolutionary relationship ; molecular studies often exclude orangutans and focus on a limited selection of primates without an adequate " outgroup " for comparison ; and molecular data that contradict the idea that genetic similarity denotes relation are often dismissed .
" They criticize molecular data where criticism is due , " said Malte Ebach , a researcher at Arizona State University 's International Institute for Species Exploration who also was not involved in the project but is familiar with it .
" Palaeoanthropology is based solely on morphology , and there is no scientific justification to favor DNA over morphological data .
Yet the human - chimp relationship , generated by molecular data , has been accepted without any scrutiny .
Grehan and Schwartz are not just suggesting an orangutan–human relationship — they 're reaffirming an established scientific practice of questioning data . "
i Google is Google 's popular homepage product , where users can create custom homepages with widgets and unique backgrounds .
Google released iGoogle gaming themes last month , but this new discovery might be a whole lot more interesting : there is an iGoogle gadget floating around with functionality similar to Digg , called What 's Popular .
Steve Rubel , a senior VP of Edelman Digital , caught the similarities between the iGoogle Gadget and the social media voting service Digg .
The Google gadget allows users to find what 's popular on the web by 1 ) submitting links , 2 ) voting on links , and 3 ) letting an algorithm do the rest .
To most of us , this does sound a lot like Digg .
This widget clearly has features that overlap with Digg , but it 's not a website or service of its own .
Yet the question must be asked : could Google build a social media service from this widget that could compete with Digg or StumbleUpon ?
Would they want to ?
Comparing Features : What 's Popular vs. Digg
To understand why this specific gadget is raising eyebrows , you need to understand its features and how it works .
It 's much simpler than Digg or Reddit , but works on the same premise .
Central to the gadget is the ability to submit articles .
It 's as simple as copying and pasting a link - the gadget does the rest , although titles and descriptions can be changed , just like on Digg .
It 's important to note that you can add items without crediting yourself - it can be done anonymously , and there seems to be no rewards for submitting links that become popular .
Once items are added , anyone with the gadget can vote items up or down ( like Reddit ) .
The gadget shows how many upvotes the item has received ( called pops ) .
Articles with enough upvotes ( and ones viewed favorably by the algorithm ) rise to the top .
The gadget even divides content between stories , videos , and images - another Digg feature .
It 's still unknown how much traffic this iGoogle gadget drives to websites or how much it could drive in the future .
What is Google 's Goal with What 's Popular ?
Google has clearly taken a page or two from some of the top social media discovery websites around - namely Digg , StumbleUpon , and Reddit .
This gadget makes it very simple and easy to add links and vote on links .
However , it 's still just an iGoogle gadget , not a full - fledged service .
It will not drive traffic to a website like Digg , StumbleUpon , or even Yahoo Buzz can , decreasing its current value .
It 's not hard , however , to see the What 's Popular gadget becoming an extension of a larger service with the same functionality ( Google Pop , anyone ? ) .
Do n't forget about the huge userbase already using iGoogle - that alone could drive masses of traffic to websites .
Google has shown interest in the social media discovery space in the past .
In fact , at one point last year , Google was close to acquiring Digg .
An iGoogle gadget could be an easy way to " test the waters " before jumping in themselves .
The evolution of this little widget could be something to watch .
Cantor Fitzgerald CEO Speaks Out
Discussing the future of electronic trading , with Howard Lutnick , Cantor Fitzgerald chairman & CEO / BGC Partners CEO and CNBC's Bob Pisani .
If you ’re anything like me and you ’re dangerously obsessed with music ( I really am ) ; then chances are you ’ve already tried the music - based social networking service Last . fm at some time .
Like a lot of web services it does n’t give much away about how it works internally .
This is fair enough and it ’s their right to do that as a company of course but it goes against the principals of Free Culture and Free Software .
Now there are plans afoot to create a completely free ( as in freedom ) alternative called Libre.fm .
I ’ve been on Last.fm for a couple of years now and the main benefit for me is keeping track of the music I listen to whilst also advertising my fabulous * ahem * taste and sharing with friends .
It keeps track of the music you play through a back - end system called Audioscrobbler which records song names , artists , albums etc and shows them on your profile page .
Web services are an issue under heavy discussion at the moment , as more and more of what we use our computers for moves online and takes up residence in “ THE CLOUD ( tm ) ” ; a heavily over used buzz term in my opinion , but in some ways it ’s appropriate .
The problem with the cloud is that we do n’t own our data anymore and we do n’t own the software used to manipulate it .
Some people fear we ’re sleep walking into another dark age of proprietary lock - ins .
That ’s a bad lock - in by the way , not the nice kind when your mate runs a pub and it enables you to get drinks after hours .
There are people trying to fix this such as the Autonomo .us group using the GNU Aferro General Public License ( AGPL ) .
It allows you to make Free Software network services and license them properly .
We ’ve already seen quite a few sites built with it .
The most notable one for me being Identi.ca which is a free and open microblogging site .
I use it pretty heavily and you ’ll see a link to my profile at the top of the page there .
Recently Last.fm announced they would start charging for streaming services outside of the US , UK or Germany , which upset a lot of people and raised questions about just how much we rely on their service .
I ’ve been reconsidering my use of Last.fm in the wake of this but have n’t come to a conclusive decision as yet .
As I was mulling it over recently I saw the announcement of the Libre.fm project by Matt Lee , campaigns manager at the FSF .
( See right – Photo credit : Steve Pomeroy — http://staticfree.info/ — CC-BY - SA ) .
I managed to get in touch with him and here ’s some of what he had to tell me about it :
Matt Lee – “ At this stage , Libre.fm hopes to provide a replacement for people to store their listening habits , by implementing the Audioscrobbler API ( which certainly seems to be completely public ) and modified clients for various platforms . ”
He went on to explain some of the projects future goals relating to Creative Commons music content , a subject close to my heart :
“ A longer term goal ties back into some of the other things I ’m very interested in , such as Free Culture and promoting and recording music with Free Culture artists .
On Libre.fm , those will be the artists that people will be able to download , but we ’ll have community members working to convince other bands to release tracks under a free culture license , such as the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike license , so they too can be included on the site .
Free promotion ca n’t be bad for any band — maybe we ’ll add in a music store and sell free music downloads for bands too .
The music would be in Ogg Vorbis “
Like many Free Software projects however , Libre.fm will rely on the support and desire of the community behind it to be successful :
“ Of course , all of this is really down to the community of people who want to see this succeed .
I certainly hope lots of people will get hacking on it –
The response from people has already been incredible … within about half an hour of announcing my desire to get this going , I had donations of money to buy the domain , quickly stuck up a website , and went to the movies .
By the time I got back , my Inbox was literally flooded with dents and emails from people with suggestions , ideas and support . ”
You can find the full text Matt sent me here .
The project is still in it ’s infancy at the moment but they need as much help with development , ideas , graphics and documentation as possible .
If you ’re interested in getting involved please head over to the website .
I think this has great potential and I ’ll be watching closely to see how things develop .
Let ’s hope it can be as successful as the likes of Identi.ca and really take AGPL network services forward .
Microsoft is launching a free video service in the UK that will be focused on streaming full - length television shows .
Dubbed the MSN Video Player , and powered by Flash and Windows Media Video , the service will go into a six - month trial version next week .
While it 's quite surprising that Microsoft is not using Silverlight , there are whispers that this will change if the service ever moves out of trial .
The move comes right before the company kills off Soapbox , its would - be YouTube competitor that never made it out of beta , at the end of next month .
The MSN Video Player will launch with over 300 hours of content both old and new from BBC Worldwide and All3 Media , including shows such as Shameless , Peep Show , League of Gentlemen , Hotel Babylon , The Young Ones , Hustle , Dead Ringers , That Mitchell and Webb Look , Jack Dee Live at the Apollo , and The Hitch - Hiker 's Guide to the Galaxy .
Programs will not , however , appear on the MSN service right after airing .
Users will have to wait until the online catch - up TV window on broadcasters ' own websites expires , which can range from a week to six months .
Naturally , the trial is just the beginning ; Microsoft has plans to expand the service in the future ( like rolling it out on the Xbox 360 , Windows Mobile , and IPTV ) , but for now , the software giant says it is focusing on the trial version .
If successful , Redmond will increase the number of content partners and available shows .
Unlike the BBC iPlayer , the MSN Video Player will have ads : half - hour shows will be preceded by short commercials and one - hour or longer episodes will be interrupted by a commercial break .
Microsoft has sold all of its advertising space for the player to three media agencies : MediaCom , MindShare , and MEC Interaction .
The company says it can reach 27 million UK users via its various MSN websites .
" MSN UK is launching MSN Video Player , a pilot longform ( full length ) video service , " a Microsoft spokesperson told Ars .
" As audiences are increasingly migrating away from traditional TV and demanding more from their online experiences , advertisers are finding it hard to reach certain audiences .
The UK has the most advanced online audience ready for new online video experiences and MSN UK already has a successful video offering and an audience hungry for video content . "
Even when Microsoft discontinues a product , it seldom leaves the market completely : there 's generally another attempt coming .
With the announcement earlier this month that Soapbox would be going the way of the dodo on August 31 , Microsoft emphasized that the move would only affect user - generated video and that online video will remain a key part of its MSN offering .
Still , it 's not clear why Microsoft thinks it needs to start providing TV content .
According to The Guardian , Ashley Highfield , Microsoft UK 's managing director of consumer and online , said that it all started when the UK 's proposed TV venture , Project Kangaroo , which would have offered on - demand material from the three largest broadcasters , was shot down by the government .
Microsoft saw an opening and took it .
Highfield was previously one of the key figures behind the BBC iPlayer but joined Microsoft when Project Kangaroo died .
Arqiva acquired the assets of Project Kangaroo last week and said it was planning its own TV aggregator service .
Microsoft 's biggest competition in TV streaming will be Hulu , which is expected to launch in the UK in about a month .
Hulu , a joint venture between Disney , NBC Universal , and News Corporation , is the most popular TV streaming service in the US and the company 's partners reportedly already include Channel 4 , ITV , and the BBC .
Updates 2011.07.17 - Bug fixes and more examples summon - 1.8.10 .
2010 .12.20 - More bug fixes and examples available in summon - 1.8.9 .
2009.07.06 - A few bug fixes and more examples are available in the new release summon - 1.8.8 .
2009.05.27 - I have just released summon - 1.8.7 .
This is mainly a bug fix release .
[ older updates ]
What is SUMMON
SUMMON is a python extension module that provides rapid prototyping of 2D visualizations .
By heavily relying on the python scripting language , SUMMON allows the user to rapidly prototype a custom visualization for their data , without the overhead of designing a graphical user interface or recompiling native code .
By simplifying the task of designing a visualization , users can spend more time on understanding their data .
SUMMON is designed to be a fast interface for developing interactive visualizations ( via scene graphs ) for OpenGL .
Although python libraries already exist for accessing OpenGL , python is relatively slow for real - time interaction with large visualizations ( trees with 100,000 leaves , sparse matrices with a million non-zeros , etc. ) .
Therefore , with SUMMON all real - time interaction is handled with compiled native C++ code ( via extension module ) .
Python is only executed in the construction and occasional interaction with the visualization .
This arrangement provides the best of both worlds .
SUMMON was designed with several philosophies .
First , a scripting language ( Python ) is used to speed up the development process and avoid overhead such as code compilation .
Second , design of graphical user interfaces should be minimized .
Designing a good interface takes planning and time to layout buttons , scrollbars , and dialog boxes .
Yet a poor interface is very painful to work with .
Even when one has a good interface , rarely can it be automated for batch mode .
Instead , SUMMON relies on the Python prompt for most interaction .
This allows the users direct access to the underlying code , which is more expressive , and can be automated through scripting .
Features
Python C++ extension module
Fast OpenGL graphics
Drawing arbitrary points , lines , polygons , text with python scripting
Binding inputs ( keyboard , mouse , hotspots ) to any python function
Separate threads for python and graphics ( allows use of python prompt and responsive graphics at the same time )
Transparently handles graphics event loop , scrolling , zooming , text layout ( auto - clipping , scaling , alignment ) , and click detection ; allowing you to focus on viewing your data
SVG output ( also GIF / PNG / JPG / etc via ImageMagick )
Cross-platform ( Linux , Windows , Mac OS/X )
Screenshots
For more information and documentation , see the manual or browse the online tutorial
Several simple examples of SUMMON API ( left text editor ) , a summon window with the visualization ( upper right ) , and the interactive python prompt with an example of dynamically changing visualization ( lower right ) .
In the second screenshot , an example of using hotspots is shown .
Simply define a rectangle in your visualization 's coordinate system ( choose whatever units make sense for you , do n't worry about pixels ) and tell SUMMON to call a python function of your choice whenever a click occurs within the hotspot rectangle .
The third screenshot demonstrates the use of transforms ( translate , rotate , etc ) .
Lastly , a screenshot of SUMMON running on Windows using the IDLE Python IDE .
SUMMON easily integrates into the IDE of your choice .
A large tree visualization ( sumtree , demo included ) of the clustering of olfactory genes from mammalian genomes ( left , center ) .
A phylogeny of mammalian species in a horizontal orientation with branch lengths and species names ( right ) .
A large sparse matrix visualization ( summatrix , demo included ) of all vs. all BLAST scores between genes in human and mouse ( three levels of zoom ) :
More examples of using summatrix to visualize matrices .
Summatrix can permute rows and columns to display data clustering .
Labels can be displayed next to the matrix or in separate panels that never leave the field of view while zooming .
A custom visualization using SUMMON that displays multiple genome alignments and highlighted orthologs ( ~1 megabase ) .
The second screenshot shows a close up of the alignment .
More examples of custom visualizations .
Left is a genome overview of every ORF colored by pathogenicity in the fungal species Candida albicans .
Right is a gene family visualized using a phylogenetic tree , pair - wise distance matrix , and protein alignment .
Videos
These are demos of the tree visualizer ( left ) and an example of animation ( right ) .
The YouTube videos are very compressed .
For clearer movies check out these high - quality videos here .
Documentation
For installation and basic usage read the SUMMON manual .
Full documentation of the SUMMON module API is also available online .
A quick tutorial is available for learning the basic features of SUMMON .
Python code examples with the SUMMON module .
Download
See change log for update details .
Installation instructions are available in the INSTALL file .
The platform independent downloads are known to work for Linux , Windows ( XP , Vista ) , and Mac OS X platforms .
WINDOWS NOTE :
If you download the Windows Installer , also download the ZIP archive , which contains useful examples and documentation .
2011.07.16 SUMMON 1.8.10 : SUMMON 1.8.10 : summon-1.8.10-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM )
2010 .12.20 SUMMON 1.8.9 : SUMMON 1.8.9 : summon -1.8.9.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2010 .12.20 SUMMON 1.8.9 : SUMMON 1.8.9 : summon -1.8.9.zip ( platform independent ) 2010 .12.20 SUMMON 1.8.9 : SUMMON 1.8.9 : summon-1.8.9-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2009.07.06 SUMMON 1.8.8 : SUMMON 1.8.8 : summon -1.8.8.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2009.07.06 SUMMON 1.8.8 : SUMMON 1.8.8 : summon - 1.8.8.zip ( platform independent ) 2009.07.06 SUMMON 1.8.8 : SUMMON 1.8.8 : summon-1.8.8-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2009.07.06 SUMMON 1.8.8 : SUMMON 1.8.8 : summon-1.8.8.win32-py24.exe ( Windows Installer ) 2009.05.27 SUMMON 1.8.7 : SUMMON 1.8.7 : summon -1.8.7.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2009.05.27 SUMMON 1.8.7 : SUMMON 1.8.7 : summon -1.8.7.zip ( platform independent ) 2009.05.27 SUMMON 1.8.7 : SUMMON 1.8.7 : summon-1.8.7-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2009.05.27 SUMMON 1.8.7 : SUMMON 1.8.7 : summon-1.8.7.win32-py24.exe ( Windows Installer ) 2008.02.24 SUMMON 1.8.6 : SUMMON 1.8.6 : summon -1.8.6.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2008.02.24 SUMMON 1.8.6 : SUMMON 1.8.6 : summon -1.8.6.zip ( platform independent ) 2008.02.24 SUMMON 1.8.6 : SUMMON 1.8.6 : summon-1.8.6-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2008.02.24 SUMMON 1.8.6 : SUMMON 1.8.6 : summon-1.8.6.win32-py24.exe ( Windows Installer ) 2008.02.04 SUMMON 1.8.5 : SUMMON 1.8.5 : summon -1.8.5.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2008.02.04 SUMMON 1.8.5 : SUMMON 1.8.5 : summon -1.8.5.zip ( platform independent ) 2008.02.04 SUMMON 1.8.5 : SUMMON 1.8.5 : summon-1.8.5-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2008.01.24 SUMMON 1.8.4 : SUMMON 1.8.4 : summon -1.8.4.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2008.01.24 SUMMON 1.8.4 : SUMMON 1.8.4 : summon -1.8.4.zip ( platform independent ) 2008.01.24 SUMMON 1.8.4 : SUMMON 1.8.4 : summon-1.8.4-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2007.10.26 SUMMON 1.8.3 : SUMMON 1.8.3 : summon -1.8.3.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2007.10.26 SUMMON 1.8.3 : SUMMON 1.8.3 : summon-1.8.3-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2007.09.16 SUMMON 1.8.2 : SUMMON 1.8.2 : summon -1.8.2.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2007.09.16 SUMMON 1.8.2 : SUMMON 1.8.2 : summon-1.8.2-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2007.09.16 SUMMON 1.8.2 : SUMMON 1.8.2 : summon-1.8.2.win32-py24.exe ( Windows Installer ) 2007.08.27 SUMMON 1.8.1 : SUMMON 1.8.1 : summon -1.8.1.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2007.08.27 SUMMON 1.8.1 : SUMMON 1.8.1 : summon-1.8.1-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2007.08.25 SUMMON 1.8 : SUMMON 1.8 : summon -1.8.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2007.08.25 SUMMON 1.8 : SUMMON 1.8 : summon-1.8-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2007.07.10 SUMMON 1.7.2 : SUMMON 1.7.2 : summon-1.7.2.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2007.07.10 SUMMON 1.7.2 : SUMMON 1.7.2 : summon-1.7.2-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2007.06.01 SUMMON 1.7.1 : SUMMON 1.7.1 : summon -1.7.1.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2007.06.01 SUMMON 1.7.1 : SUMMON 1.7.1 : summon-1.7.1-1.i386.rpm ( Linux Binary RPM ) 2007.05.06 SUMMON 1.7 : SUMMON 1.7 : summon -1.7.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2007.04.06 SUMMON 1.6.1 : SUMMON 1.6.1 : summon -1.6.1.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2007.04.05 SUMMON 1.6 : SUMMON 1.6 : summon-1.6.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2006.08.30 SUMMON 1.1 : SUMMON 1.1 : summon -1.1.tar.gz ( platform independent ) 2005.08.25 SUMMON 1.0 : SUMMON 1.0 : summon -1.0.tar.gz ( platform independent )
SUMMON is also available on the Python Package Index and can be installed with easy_install using the following command :
easy_install summon
The latest development version of SUMMON is always available from my github page .
Requirements
SUMMON is developed to be cross platform .
It is known to work on the following platforms ( but possibly others as well ) :
Linux
Windows ( Win2000 , XP , Vista ) ( with and without Cygwin )
Mac OS /X
To use SUMMON , the following third - party libraries are needed ( they are all cross- platform ) :
Python2.4 ( or greater )
OpenGL ( often pre-installed for your platform )
GLUT ( one of the following : freeglut , OpenGLUT , GLUT )
SDL ( Simple Directmedia Layer )
On Debian , required packages can be install with this command :
apt - get install python freeglut3 - dev libsdl1.2- dev
Different distributions should name their packages similarly .
Also , to use SUMMON you should be familiar with the python programming language .
Notes
SUMMON is experimental code .
I only make it available in hopes that someone else will find it useful .
If you find any bugs or experience any other problems I would be interested to know .
My email is rasmus [ at ] mit [ dot ] edu .
Enjoy !
Last Updated : Mon Dec 20 19:09:23 EST
2010
Brewed in collaboration with our talented friends at Red Rock Brewing in Salt Lake , Dandelion Ale is another unique offering in New Belgium 's Lips of Faith Series .
Inspired by the great hop shortage of 2008 , dandelion greens were used as they have a natural bittering effect much like hops .
Reveling in the freedom of the Belgian brewing tradition , we thought this ubiquitous weed would make an interesting addition to a traditionally hopped beer .
The result is a blond ale brewed with toasted pilsener malt , flavored with fresh picked dandelion greens and grains of paradise .
Dandelion
Ale is hazy and light gold in color with peachy aroma and a Belgian yeast strain .
It has a unique bitterness , subtle maltiness and a creamy mouthfeel .
Alcohol is 7.8 % by volume .
The real sign that the White House might be finally taking cyber security seriously came in an announcement that Jeff Moss , aka “ Dark Tangent ” and the former hacker behind the annual DefCon hacker confab in Las Vegas , has been appointed to the Department of Homeland Security ’s Advisory Council ( HSAC ) .
He was among 16 people sworn in to the council by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
Former CIA Director WIlliam Webster and former FBI Director Louis Freeh are also on the council , which provides advice and recommendations to the secretary .
Webster is the council chair .
Moss , who lives in Seattle , says he was really surprised when he got a call about three weeks ago inviting him to join .
“ I always figured that because of my associations in the past that I would be kind of out of the running for anything like this , ” he told Threat Level .
“ DefCon started as a hacking conference . . . and I just figured that that past , in a nontraditional beginning , people would n’t know how to relate to that .
To me it shows that they ’re really looking for fresh perspectives … ”
Moss says he did n’t have a clue what the Advisory Council was when he got the call to join .
But he was told that DHS was looking for outside perspectives to rejuvenate the council , which had been neglected under former Secretary Michael Chertoff .
The position is voluntary and runs for a term of three years .
Good for you , dude .
Glad you ’re not saddled with the kind of counter - culture hangups that inhibit performing a useful service for something larger than your clan .
Advertisements
The Minneapolis Star - Tribune ran a fascinating editorial today , which point out that by urging her constituents not to take part in the 2010 Census , Bachmann may end up costing herself her own House seat , because if Minnesota does lose a House seat , Bachmann seat is a prime candidate for absorption .
The editors of the Star - Tribune wrote , “ The 2010 census will likely determine whether Minnesota loses one of its eight U.S. House seats ; population determines seat allocation .
Political experts agree that a few thousand people not filling out census forms may be all it takes for the state to lose a congressional advocate in the nation ’s capital .
If Minnesota were to lose a congressional seat , Bachmann ’s district appears to be candidate for absorption . ”
The editorial continued , “ Bachmann has been careful to say that she ’s willing to tell the census how many people live in her household , the basic information that will determine whether Minnesota keeps a congressional seat .
But that ’s a message that ’s easily lost in her fear - mongering . ”
Advertisements
They also wondered about Bachmann ’s priorities , “ It ’s hard to tell what Bachmann ’s priorities are .
Is it serving her constituents or taking controversial positions ?
Her long list of odd comments and lack of substantive legislative accomplishments suggest the latter : a politician interested more in being the face of the fringe element than solving the real - life problems of her north - suburban district . ”
It would be ironic if by taking her advice , her constituents actually end up costing Bachmann her House seat .
This should make anyone wonder what kind of moron would tell people to do something that would lead to the elimination of her own job .
If all it takes if a few thousand people in her district to cost her the House seat , then it is very possible that if Bachmann does n’t do some damage control , she could have a huge problem .
Bachmann apparently wants to be the poster child for the fringe right , at the expense of serving the people of her district .
Her constituents have put up with all of her conspiracy theory nonsense , but Bachmann seems more intent on becoming a national player , then actually accomplishing something legislatively .
Bachmann would be getting what she deserved if one of her conspiracy theories came back to bite her in the backside .
( H/T : Think Progress )
I do n't know how many people use laptop computers on their lap , but their name implies that this is common practice .
If you 've ever used a laptop on your lap for even a short period of time , you may know that it can get pretty hot .
Have you ever felt the tingling sensation or the feeling of a ' deeper ' heat in your lap area ?
I have wondered about the potential safety risks involved with this , so I did some research and was surprised with my findings .
Background
As it turns out , every electronic device in the world emits a form of electromagnetic field ( EMF ) .
This EMF is actually a type of radiation .
It is n't the same type as uranium or plutonium ; rather , it is a non-ionizing radiation .
This means that the energy emitted is not strong enough to remove electrons , or ionize the atoms .
Instead , it just excites the electrons .
It already sounds a little Different devices emit different types and amounts of this EMF radiation .
For example , microwave ovens emit a high - frequency field that is detectable even a few yards from the microwave .
The radiation field generated by most other electronic devices seems to fade out after only a couple of inches .
So unless you use a device very close to your body , this does n't seem to be much of an issue .
Laptops
Laptop or notebook computers are one of those devices that are used directly on the body .
Many college students , travelers , gamers , and other people use a laptop on their lap ( essentially at zero distance from the body ) .
The research I 've done seems to be inconclusive as to whether or not this is dangerous .
There is a common recommendation though : limit exposure to fields over 2.5 mG .
A laptop computer can emit an incredible 150 mG , which is 60 times the recommended amount !
Effects and Solution
Some health professionals believe that this EMF exposure can lead to cancer .
Since a laptop is used near the groin area , infertility or birth defects are also believed to be possible .
These risks are the results of a few EMF effects .
First off , the EMF warms body tissue .
Normal cellular functions occur at tightly - controlled temperatures .
The EMF radiation from a laptop computer can change these temperatures .
The radiation emitted also causes premature cell division .
The cells actually divide before the DNA is correctly established , which may possibly lead to mutation .
I 've found an interesting product that may alleviate these concerns .
It 's called a HARApad and is found at http://www.harapad.com.
It looks like it's a pad that you set your laptop computer on while it 's on your lap .
They have a video of it in action ; it definitely seems to reduce the EMF field detected by the meter .
I 'm not sure it will save your life , but it may ; and it definitely can't hurt .
In conclusion , I do n't mean to tell you that your laptop computer will kill you .
This EMF radiation was just a concern of mine and I thought I 'd share my findings .
I 'll tell you that I 've found many other people - friends , family , and on the net - who share these concerns .
Many health professionals seem to think there may be something to worry about .
I 'm starting to agree .
Technologie : Mozilla lance une expérience pilote d’un système permettant aux développeurs d’extensions pour Firefox de solliciter une rétribution de la part des utilisateurs .
Baptisé « Contribution » , le programme que vient de lancer la Fondation Mozilla vise à « soutenir un écosystème en offrant à nos usagers la possibilité d’apporter leur soutien à leurs développeurs d’extensions favoris ».
Les développeurs vont disposer d'un kit permettant d'insérer une demande de rétribution pour l’extension Firefox qu’ils proposent .
La contribution n’est en aucun cas obligatoire , elle dépendra du seul bon vouloir de l’internaute et pourra se faire à tout moment une fois l’extension installée .
publicité
Rétribution facultative
Mozilla offre aussi la possibilité aux développeurs de créer une page spéciale sur laquelle ils pourront faire leur promotion et expliquer leurs projets .
Les paiements se font via le système PayPal uniquement .
Mozilla précise que « pour ce pilote » , il ne percevra aucun pourcentage sur les transactions .
La totalité de la somme , hors frais de PayPal , ira donc directement au développeur .
Rien n’indique qu’il en sera toujours ainsi si l’expérience devait se pérenniser .
On ne sait pas en effet quelles sont les intentions réelles de Mozilla .
Monétiser son portefeuille de développeurs ou s’attacher leurs faveurs alors que Google travaille aussi sur un programme d’extensions pour Chrome ?
A suivre ... ( Eureka Presse )
Kylyssa
Shay was homeless for over a year in her youth ; it lead to her activism involving homelessness .
She thinks , feels , and has opinions .
Learn what to put into a backpack to make it into a homelessness survival kit for yourself or others using this list as a guide .
photo by Piotr Ciuchta , freeimages.com
A Spending Plan for Homeless People , and Suggestions for Those Who Would Help
I wrote this page initially to help people without hope make a plan to spend any money they get to better their situations .
This list of items and suggestions comes from my own experience and these items are some of the things I bought with an unexpected windfall when I was homeless .
Now mostly I maintain this list to encourage people to buy these sorts of items to give to homeless people they know .
It 's all about helping people make a plan , spreading awareness , and giving people something concrete and empowering to do about homelessness .
I think it would be of great benefit to everyone if we citizens could take it upon ourselves to help end this problem , starting with the people we see every day .
The Washington couple who started the $ 20 backpack homeless care kit charity movement ( see the end of this article ) claim this article inspired the direction they took in helping those in need while sticking to a tight budget .
Small Items That Build a Ramp Out of Homelessness
When I was homeless about twenty - five years ago , I came across a hundred dollars in a cigarette pack .
Someone 's carelessness with his or her money saved my life .
I think without it my life would have been very different , and may well have ended well before now .
The reason that relatively small amount of money made a life - changing difference is that I 'd carefully worked out how to spend it long before that windfall came my way .
I was tempted to spend it in other ways , like buying a couple nights in a motel room with a bed , a bathroom , and ( best of all ) a locking door , or seeing a doctor .
But these temporary luxuries would not have helped me in my plan .
Others might face different temptations , but if carefully spent , even smaller amounts of money can be used to build a ramp up out of the pit of homelessness .
Goals , Tasks , and Items for Escaping Homelessness
If you are homeless , a survival kit can help you accomplish your goals :
Getting a regular job .
Keeping a regular job .
Conserving enough money to get an apartment or rent a room .
To accomplish your goals you must be :
Clean
Well - groomed
Rested
Fed
To accomplish your goals you must have :
An address
A phone number
An alarm clock or watch
A place to bathe
A clean place to sleep , or a way to stay clean when you sleep
Clean clothes
Food
Below is my list of items you can get or buy to accomplish your goals .
1. A Backpack
You need a place for all your important possessions .
A backpack is probably the single most important item you can buy for your homeless survival kit .
A backpack allows you to carry all your belongings with you at all times .
Unattended items will usually get stolen or vandalized , so everything you absolutely need must come with you wherever you go .
Sleep with your backpack on .
I used to reverse mine when I went to sleep , and wear it on my front where I could curl around it while sleeping on my side .
If you can , tie the backpack shut at night , with a piece of wire or string through its closures , so thieves have to struggle to open it and wake you .
It 's very easy to do with backpacks that have a two - tab zipper arrangement on their closures ; you can take your wire or string and tie it through both zipper tab holes .
You can buy a backpack at a thrift store like Goodwill or Salvation Army for about $ 5 .
Do n't worry about how it looks , if it has cartoon characters on it or whatever , only concern yourself with whether or not it is tough and will hold up with lots of use .
Before buying , be sure it closes completely and that the zippers are sturdy and not broken .
Do n't buy anything too fancy or it might get stolen and maybe even get you hurt in the process .
Keep this in mind if you are buying a backpack for someone else , too .
Keeping Your Shoes
If you sleep in a homeless shelter , take your shoes off and put them in your pack at night to avoid getting them stolen .
If you sleep outside , leave your shoes on so you can run away from trouble if you need to .
Untie each shoe and tie the shoestring loosely but firmly around your ankle .
That way you 'll wake up if someone tries to steal your shoe .
2. Mylar Emergency Blanket
A Mylar emergency blanket can keep you cooler in the summer and warmer in the winter .
Face the shiny side in to stay warm .
Face the shiny side out to stay cool .
Emergency preparedness kits have become popular , and they usually include a Mylar blanket .
You can usually find a kit containing a Mylar blanket and other useful items , or a Mylar blanket by itself , at stores like Target , Walmart , and K - Mart .
I 've also seen the blankets sold by themselves in drugstores like Walgreens , Rite - Aid , and CVS as well as in some dollar stores .
You can usually buy a Mylar emergency blanket for under $ 3 .
3. Pads , Tampons , Feminine Wipes , Hand Sanitizer , and Dignity
If Making up knapsack packs for others who are women , please include pads , tampons , hand sanitizer , and flushable moist wipes .
These items can be assembled in plastic zipper bags ahead of time to add to kits as they are given out .
Homeless Periods , a Problem of Poverty , Dignity , and Feminine Hygiene Menstruating is n't considered fun by anyone , but having your period while homeless sucks in its own special way .
Learn how you can help women dealing with homelessness and menstruation , including suggestions for making homeless period hygiene kits .
4. Bar Soap and Antiperspirant
It 's hard to stay clean and smelling fresh without them .
You can use bar soap to get yourself and even your clothes clean in a pinch .
Combine it with a washcloth and a resealable plastic bag and it 'll be a lot easier to wash up .
Bar soap usually costs less than $ 2 and washcloths can often be found in dollar stores .
Get some good , scented antiperspirant .
Be sure it says it 's antiperspirant and not just deodorant .
Antiperspirant contains deodorant but it also reduces the amount you sweat .
Deodorant usually just covers up odors with a scent or perhaps neutralizes them .
But deodorant still allows you to sweat and the sweat that wicks into your clothes will soon start to stink .
You can get a stick of antiperspirant for around $ 2 .
We need a great deal of social change in our country and a list like this is not a solution to poverty .
However , it is an action that spreads the awareness necessary to make such change happen while helping some people a little directly in a concrete way .
I think of it as an extremely kind advertising campaign for social change .
5. Brushes for Teeth and Hair
A sturdy little hairbrush photo by Michal Zacharzewski , freeimages.com
Homeless does not have to equal unkempt .
Well - brushed hair can pass for clean longer than un - brushed hair .
A comb will work too , and it is smaller to carry .
You can buy travel - sized brushes for a dollar or less in many stores and combs run even less .
You can't keep your teeth clean and your breath fresh without using a toothbrush , so invest in a toothbrush and some toothpaste .
Toothbrushes and toothpaste can usually be found for $ 2 or less .
6. Pants and Shirts
Clean laundry in a basket photo by Andrea Kratzenberg , freeimages.com
Certain fabrics withstand the rigors of homelessness better than others .
To buy any clothes you do n't get free from a charity , go to a thrift store .
If you can't find everything you need at a single one , go to others .
If you can't find a particular item , wait a few days , they might get it in .
Buy polyester or other thin , synthetic - fiber shirts and pants ; they might not look as nice , but they shed dirt and wrinkles much more easily than natural fibers .
Also they can be rolled or folded up very small to pack away in a small bag , and they dry more quickly when washed .
Also , buy some cotton t- shirts of the sort that can be worn without a shirt over them .
You can wear these on days you do n't have a job interview or work to go to .
Try to get at least three shirts , three pairs of pants , and three t- shirts .
If you stick to the suggested fabrics , your entire wardrobe will fit in a single washer and dryer load so you may be able to cheaply wash your clothes at a Laundromat if your funds allow .
7. Underclothes That Dry Quickly
For women , the socks to get are called trouser socks .
For men they are called dress socks .
You can usually get these for about a dollar a pair in dollar stores or big box stores .
If you can't wear synthetic material socks , buy the kind you can wear .
If synthetics do n't work for you , cotton socks usually work for anyone .
Try to have at least three pairs of socks .
Some charities hand out socks .
It 's better to have more than three pairs because a sock change in the middle of the day can greatly increase foot comfort .
The best underpants you can get for men are actually those silky bikini - style briefs .
The best underwear and bras for women also follow this trend : thin , synthetic fabrics which can be hand washed and which dry quickly .
Synthetics do n't take as long to dry as cotton , but their most important advantage is they are more resistant to mold and mildew .
Try to have at least three sets of underwear .
These are not the undergarments homed people tend to desire , but their ease of care and ability to dry quickly allows you to have clean underclothes which feels a lot better than the alternative .
Their resistance to mold and mildew helps prevent them from stinking up your pack when you have to store them damp inside it .
It also helps you avoid stinking and having to wear moldy underwear .
Washing clean , shedding dirt easily , and resisting mildew as well as drying very quickly are what make me consider these types of underclothing to be good choices .
8. A Plastic Drop Cloth or Tarp
A plastic drop cloth of the kind people use to protect floors and furniture when they paint will provide you with a clean surface to sleep on and can shelter you from the rain in a pinch .
You can fold it up small to carry with you .
You can buy a plastic drop cloth for under $ 3 at most hardware or home improvement stores or in stores like Walmart , Target , or Sears .
9. Pepper Spray
I was reluctant to put this on the list because I 've been strongly criticized for doing so , but the fact remains that homeless people are frequently assaulted or raped .
It 's not pretty , but it 's true .
Many predators prey on the poor .
So pepper spray is a good thing to have on hand for protection .
However , if you are making up packs to give to other people , you can leave this item out if you are concerned it could be used to do harm .
10 . A Phone Number
Cell phones can provide stable phone numbers .
If you can't convince someone to let you use their phone number as a message phone , you may need to get a cell phone .
Pay - as - you - go cell phones are getting cheaper these days .
You can buy a cell phone for as little as $ 20 and you can get enough minutes for three months ' use for about $ 35 .
This will give you a functional phone number to put on job applications .
Additionally , many cell phones have an alarm clock function which will help you keep appointments and get to interviews on time .
If your cell phone has a clock and alarm function , you wo n't need to also buy a watch or alarm clock .
It can be tricky to keep your cell phone charged .
If possible , try to pick up a solar cell phone charger .
If you have a job , plug your phone in at work .
If not , perhaps a friend or acquaintance who has a home could be convinced to let you charge it at their home .
11 . A Swiss Army Knife or Other Pocket - Sized Multi-Tool
A good , sturdy Swiss Army knife or multi-tool can be a life - saver .
I used mine to open bottles and cans , to pull out slivers , to cut food packages open , to cut loose threads off my clothes , and just so many other things I could n't list them all here without it getting ridiculous .
A multi-tool or Swiss Army knife is clearly a tool , so it might be less likely to get police all upset than a regular pocket knife if they do a stop and frisk on you .
I found that to be the case , but I was a small and very young - looking white woman so what applied to me might not apply to others .
Maybe it helped that it was in my pocket with a sewing kit ?
12 . Tools for Sewing
You 'll probably want to have a sewing kit so you can repair your clothing .
It will help you keep your clothes looking presentable longer and fix functional issues like missing buttons .
The sewing kit pictured below is a good example of a pocket - sized sewing kit .
Choose a kit that has a sturdy case because the ones in plastic bags or flimsy cases will fall apart on you , and eventually leave you with a tangled up wad of thread with needles stuck in it .
13 . An Address
Beg , borrow , or buy an address .
Do your darnedest to get a friend or acquaintance to let you use their mailing address on job applications .
It 's the easiest option for many people .
If none of your friends , family members , or acquaintances are willing to let you use their mailing address on job applications check at local churches to see if they would allow you to use their address for this purpose .
I have heard that many of them will provide this service for homeless people .
Another option is to go to the Post Office and apply to get your mail by general delivery , which means you get your mail right at that specific Post Office .
Unfortunately , many Post Offices do n't do this anymore , but a few small town offices still do so it can't hurt to ask if you live somewhere rural .
The other alternative is to buy a Post Office box so you can have an address .
The cost of this varies but you should be able to get a basic Post Office box for $ 50 - $ 85 for six months rent .
Unfortunately , most PO boxes have to be paid in a lump sum and some of them require an additional deposit .
If you are unable to get a box at the Post Office due to not having an address , try the private mail service companies like Mail Boxes Etc , the UPS Store , Pak Mail , or similar stores .
Even if you can't get a friend or acquaintance to let you use their address to receive mail at or to list on applications , you may be able to get them to let you use their address to get a Post Office box or mail box at a mail store .
14 . Hats and Gloves
Without a home , people need more protection from the elements .
Even if it is n't particularly cold where you live , wearing a hat and gloves at night can help keep a homeless sleeper warmer .
The hat will not only keep your head warm , it will also keep you from getting stuff in your hair if you roll off your bedroll and onto the ground .
I 've found some really great hats , gloves , and scarves in my local dollar stores lately , so I know these can generally be found for a dollar or so .
15 . Food
It 's not easy getting reliable meals on the street .
Check out the food banks and soup kitchens in your area before buying food .
Also , apply for food assistance through your local human resources department .
They may also be able to direct you to other helpful resources .
It can be hard to take charity but this will allow you to save up for that apartment or room .
When those resources are exhausted and you must buy food , think cheap , easily prepared without a kitchen , and high in calories .
This is not a nutritionally sound diet for long term use , but it will prevent outright starvation and give you enough energy to seek better .
Ramen noodles are one of the best deals .
They are high in calories , very light to carry around , and you can eat them dry if necessary .
Bread is also light and cheap , especially if you buy day - old baked goods .
Canned beans are cheap and provide protein .
Once you can swing it , buy nutritious foods including plenty of vegetables and fruits .
Avoid buying meat , as it is difficult to prepare without a stove and is not a cost - effective source of protein .
Avoid soda , candy , and salty snacks ; they have no real nutritive value and do n't provide the energy other foods do .
Obviously , you should avoid foods that require preparation with a stove or oven .
If you live in a rural area , you may be able to convince farmers to either let you glean their fields ( pick leftover fruit or vegetables after the harvest ) or pay a small fee to pick fruit or vegetables from their fields .
This advice is not intended as a suggestion for your long - term diet .
These are bare survival strategies intended to help you make it to a point when food is readily available and you have the luxury of making healthy choices rather than just staying alive .
If buying food to give to others , choose ready - to - eat non-perishables like canned foods , granola bars , and peanut butter .
Some people are allergic to peanut butter , but they will usually know if they are and trade or give it to someone who can eat it .
It 's high in protein and does n't spoil quickly .
If you buy canned food be sure it has a pull top so it can be opened without a can opener .
If you are filling a pack for other people , keep in mind that many homeless people have trouble chewing due to poor dental health from a variety of causes .
For this reason , I would n't pack anything hard like granola bars in a generic pack intended for random distribution .
16 . A Watch or Travel Alarm
A wrist watch or travel alarm helps people get to work , interviews , and other appointments on time .
A watch is probably most practical as you can look at it at any point without pulling it out of your pack .
You can usually buy a cheap digital watch for around ten dollars .
If you are lucky , you may find a functioning watch with a battery in a secondhand store for less .
If you already have a cell phone or intend to get one , check to see if it has an alarm and clock function before buying a watch .
17 . Transportation
I 'd suggest using public transportation , purchased in multi-use cards or tickets as they are cheaper per use than individual fares .
For those who are physically able , adding a decent used bicycle will add flexibility to transportation options , and many city buses have racks to hold them so you can combine them with public transportation .
18 . Showers and Keeping Clean
Now here 's the difficult part .
It 's hard to stay clean when you are sleeping outside .
It 's difficult to shower often enough .
Lay down your tarp and put your bedding on it before lying down .
Wear the same clothes to sleep in for several nights .
For work or interviews , change into clean clothes from your backpack .
Do n't sleep in your day clothes ; roll them up neatly and store them in your pack to avoid getting them soiled or wrinkled .
When you go into a public restroom , grab some paper towels and wet them before going into the stall .
You can do a little clean up in the stall with the wet towels .
It works better to have a washcloth that you can store in a Ziploc type storage bag or other waterproof container .
If you find a bathroom with a locking door like a gas station bathroom , wash right at the sink as best you can .
Use lots of soap and water and use a lot of antiperspirant after you dry your underarms .
Never leave a mess behind because it will encourage business owners to lock their bathroom .
Also it 's basic courtesy .
Wet wipes are your best friend .
While the kind that come a whole bunch in a pack are cheaper , the individually wrapped ones remove any concerns about their liquid evaporating or leaking all over your stuff .
The individually wrapped ones fit easily into your pocket .
To get even more out of your antiperspirant , turn your shirts inside out and rub a bunch of antiperspirant into the cloth of the shirt everywhere your underarms might touch .
That way , after the antiperspirant wears off of your body there will be a little bit of a backup on your clothes .
When you get laundry access , pre-treat the underarm area of shirts and dresses by putting the soap on them and rubbing it in before washing .
It will help you avoid underarm stains .
If you can find a truck stop that sells showers , you have hit cleanliness gold .
You can buy a shower for several dollars at many truck stops .
What to Do With the Rest of Your Money
Save it .
If possible , put it in a bank account .
If that is n't possible , buy traveler 's checks or money orders made out to yourself .
This will prevent people from stealing your hard - earned cash .
Do not spend any money on anything at all but necessities .
This means no entertainment , no alcohol , no drugs , no single nights in motel rooms .
Be strong and think about the future .
Save every penny you possibly can to get an apartment or to rent a room .
Keep that room with a locking door in mind as your motivation .
What These Amazing People Did With This List : A Personal Note
I found this video about a $ 20 homeless backpack care kit because it had gone viral on the Internet and I clicked on it .
You can not possibly imagine my surprise when I was watching it , not knowing I had anything to do with it , when , there on the screen , was my article .
The authors fulfilled my fondest wish , not only because they are doing what I hoped people would do with the information , but because they 've successfully popularized the idea in a way I could not .
Many more people will be doing this and other things to help people in need .
It fills my heart with joy !
These lovely people not only put this list into use but were gracious enough to say where they got the idea .
Putting love into action makes us all greater for it .
HomelessBackpack.net
A very useful homeless backpack charity website inspired by the couple who claim to have been inspired by this article .
A very useful homeless backpack charity website inspired by the couple who claim to have been inspired by this article .
Infographic : How to Survive the Street and Work oward Employment and a Home | The Homeless Hub
An article and infographic created by The Homeless Hub using text from this article .
How You Can Use The Information on This Page to Help Homeless People
Please , if this page is useful to your mission to help homeless people , feel free to print it out to share .
If you want to use it on the web , please link to this page instead of cutting and pasting it to use .
Pasting it in big pieces may get it taken down by the host website and make this resource unavailable to others who find it through existing links on charity websites .
Some charities and activists have plugged fairly big direct quotes into infographics programs to make images to use on their websites .
I love it when they do that !
Images with my words in them will not harm this page but I ask that you allow such images to be freely shared as I do not extend copyright permission for any kind of exclusive use .
Some soup kitchens have printed out a less detailed version to hand out , making a slightly edited version of the text available for people to read .
Some churches have edited the information in this lens to add to church bulletins .
If you want to take it to a more personal level you could print off this page ( or the parts you 'd like to ) and put it and as many of the items listed as is practical into backpacks to distribute to homeless people .
For the clothing , many thrift stores either have gift certificates or credit vouchers one can buy to serve in its stead .
I have been delighted and humbled by the number of people asking me how they can use this information to help others .
photo by Sanja Gjenero , freeimages.com
What Purpose Does This Page Serve ?
This is not just about ending homelessness , it is about understanding our obligations to each other as human beings .
I'm a humanist and to me that means that the only help and hope we have as human beings necessarily comes from each other .
I also believe that helping the less fortunate members of the family of humanity helps the helpers as well .
It 's like being a good parent , child , or sibling ; it gives a person a sense of connectedness and strength .
© 2009 Kylyssa Shay
Margaret on May 09 , 2020 :
Thank you so much for your website .
From your suggestions and all of the comments , I have put together a very long list of items .
Because there are too many to fill even a backpack with , I am going to go through the list and make smaller theme lists to fill ziplock bags , as well as backpacks .
Thank you for the inspiration !
Kelly kelly on April 14 , 2019 :
I just want to add a can opener and if someone could figure out a fool proof way to cook food that would be so helpful i k ow fromecpierience .
Myself and how to keep a large amount of juice or tea cuz the sugar intake is very important you loose energy from the sun if you dont maintain sertain carbs and augars for aome reason teavh ppl how to can and grow your own food one thing being homeless you can always find anice size spot of dirt somewhere where ppl wont bug you give thwm seeds and let them grow a few things thru out the yeari did it in the middle .
Of an abandoned field grew tomatoes varrots potaotoes watermelon and a few other things i vould get away with discretly thank you you have made me fewl alot bwtter about the way ppl look at us
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on December 16 , 2018 :
I 'd suggest contacting local food pantries for advice because every location and situation is different .
You may be able to simply drop them off at a local food pantry , soup kitchen , or homeless shelter .
carmen williams on December 10 , 2018 :
My 11 yr. old granddaughter found this link on Pinterest and wanted the two of us to create packs for the homeless using the info here .
My question : what is the best way to distribute them ?
I 'm leery of just handing them out a car window to someone on the street .
Hermione on July 30 , 2018 :
Thiis and the video have give me ideas to make care packages and hand them out in my city .
Thank you !
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on July 03 , 2016 :
That 's a great idea .
A local bus pass would make a great addition to packs you hand out to others .
H C DuChamp from USA on July 02 , 2016 :
This is fantastic , I 've been trying to come up with some ideas of my own for a " kit " like this to have at the ready to hand out .
Very good information on what are the best items to include .
One other thing it occurred to me to add - a 7 day bus pass for people who are on foot .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on December 03 , 2015 :
Thank you for reading and thank you for deciding to help people in need .
Indy on December 02 , 2015 :
Kylyssa , thank you so much for sharing your experience and advice .
I 've always wanted to do more to help the homeless and this gives me a focused direction .
I was fortunate to have the resources to stay off the street , but it could 've easily been different .
Once you come that close to homelessness , you have a different perspective !
I will be making up Homeless Care Backpacks and will share this info out on my Self - Reliance Blog ( IndyQuillen.com ) with a link to this page .
Yes , it wo n't prevent poverty , but perhaps a backpack can help another person have some comfort and dignity and just maybe find their way off the streets ..
Thanks again - bless you !
Jacqui from New Zealand on July 13 , 2015 :
Kylyssa - thanks for sharing this hub .
Whilst it has not been a part of my past ( and no - one assumes it will be part of their future , but it could so easily be any of us ) , it is a very useful hub to have read .
I 'm thinking that once we are a little more flush , I 'm going to look into this - we have a rising poverty problem for some reason in NZ , and there are more people who are homeless than I remember being when I was a child and first realising that not everyone was as lucky as I was .
It 's heartening to know that you managed to make your way out of homelessness , but have not forgotten what you learnt , who you met , and what helped - and passing this forward ensures that someone else does not have the same struggles you had - the actions of a truely decent human .
Thank you .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on June 17 , 2015 :
Thank you .
If you click the first link under the video you 'll find several crowd - sourced projects .
The URL for the listing of homeless backpack care kits projects is http://homelessbackpack.net/index.html if you 'd like to contribute to one of them .
I am disabled now so most of what I do myself is provide ideas , suggestions , advice , and written materials for charities .
I no longer can do so now I try to teach .
poetryman6969 on June 17 , 2015 :
Voted up !
I love the emphasis in your post .
If you ever decide to crowd fund your back pack idea sure to let it be known here on hubpages so that those of us who agree with your point of view can support what you are doing .
Be blessed .
I think your advice can really help some people .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on June 17 , 2015 :
Thanks to all for reading .
@ Shyron E Shenko
You are absolutely right , one never knows when job loss , a condemned or foreclosed apartment , fire , natural disaster , injury , illness , or something else might render a person or family homeless .
I know people who keep a similar kit in a backpack in case of emergency .
@ Nadine May
I 'm delighted by how people have been using this page and with the videos they 've made .
Thank you for sharing .
I hope it leads to more people acting on the information .
Nadine May from Cape Town , Western Cape , South Africa on June 17 , 2015 :
Great article with lots of tips and great videos .
So much so I have promoted your post in my blog with a link to your post .
Many thanks for sharing .
Shyron E Shenko from Texas on June 16 , 2015 :
Kylyssa , bless you for the information you have given here , you never know when you / me may end up being homeless .
Blessings and Hugs
Shyron
Monica on June 06 , 2015 :
Great article and video ..... the only thing I would add is to have some small packs of sanitary pads or tampons in ones car to pop into the backpack if giving it to a female .
Lynsey Hart from Lanarkshire on May 25 , 2015 :
Such an inspiring hub .
I 'm glad it has already been used by good people - the video adaption is great !
I would usually buy a hot drink and a sandwich or something like that , but I see now how other items can be better used !
TheSameoldsonganddance on September 08 , 2014 :
Thank you for this wonderful post !
It 's too bad we are stuck between either religious facism or Big Brother facism with both groups fighting each other giving Americans an illusion of choice when in reality it 's all the same to you !
What I see in American and world wide politics is the same problem in / during WW2 of the Right Wing Nazi's VS Left Wing Communism where both paths have lead to a mountain of skulls .
Only they are doing it secretly by patrolling our skies with geo engineering and toxins in our water supply to help make us dumb so we wo n't think for ourselves .
Foods these days have GMO without telling you and if you are allergic to GMO you will notice right away after eating the said food so pay attention to what you 're body tells you !!!!!!!
Do not let the US Government deceive you !!!!
I was part of the Religious movement so I can see thru the lies and am now a fugitive myself and risk homelessness all the time .
It wo n't take much for the * Homeless * button to be pushed .
It 's the same old story .
Same old song and dance !!!!
SolarLighting on August 18 , 2014 :
Truly interesting read !
@ CalobrenaOmai - I 've come to really appreciate baby wipes , too .
Excellent addition .
The solar phone charger also caught my eye , brilliant .
I believe a good solar light for darker , seasonal days would be a good addition , too .
Thanks for the ideas .
htozion on August 15 , 2014 :
I love the part when you said to be strong .
This is one inspiring lense .
I 'm planning of sharing this lense here in the Philippines .
As there are lots of people that are homeless and stayed that way for years here .
Thanks !
lawrencealcala on July 31 , 2014 :
The hints and guides you 've shared is really an inspiration to me .
Thanks for that .
Franchesca W from Atlanta , GA on July 31 , 2014 :
This is a wonderful article .
I was hesitant to read it at first because I did n't know why someone would write about this topic but the impact your ideas have had is inspiring .
Kudos to you for overcoming the obstacles life put in your path and using your knowledge to help others !
June Campbell from North Vancouver , BC , Canada on July 30 , 2014 :
Bless you for the work you do .
You are an inspiration .
file - thirteen on July 29 , 2014 :
Thank you very much for sharing this information .
I have been there before , and my recovery was much different .
But , that was well planned , and thought out .
Thank you again .
I know have a better idea on how that I can better help others in homeless situations with little money myself .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on July 27 , 2014 :
@taigameno1 : That 's a great idea .
taigameno1 on July 27 , 2014 :
It thought I could tape iprinted nstructions to the box on how to use it to treat bug bites
Lucy Bieri from Switzerland on July 26 , 2014 :
Somebody did not just carelessly left $ 100 in a cigarette pack for you to find .
It was meant to be .
As mention no condition is permanent .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on July 24 , 2014 :
@leonvd : I just read your comment aloud about two minutes ago and my friend is here still giggling .
The reason is that I 'm a multi-tool and Swiss Army knife nut and we can see two on my desk right now without even opening a drawer .
I always have to get un - tooled to go to the airport or courthouse and I 'd have one in my pocket right now if I were n't in my workout clothes .
I 've written a number of pieces about SAKs and multi-tools and even a piece some have described as an ode to Swiss Army knives .
Great idea .
I 'll add it .
I actually had one back then , a Swiss Army knife my dad gave me with my name hot etched into it when I got hooked on MacGyver , and I managed to keep it .
I 've carried a SAK since I was about twelve .
It 's almost a body part so I completely overlooked it !
Thank you for suggesting it !
nicey on July 24 , 2014 :
Yes , I appreciate the ideas you listed .
No condition is permanent in life .
It 's a joy to know that you conquered and won through all odds .
leonvd on July 24 , 2014 :
Great article , but im missing a good pocket knive / multi tool .
I have never been homeless but i never leave the house without one .
gottaloveit2 on July 23 , 2014 :
Interesting , thought provoking article .
Really well done .
CalobrenaOmai on July 23 , 2014 :
Babywipes !
I like the paper towel idea but have babywipes to be of good use too for cleaning up .
I 've been homeless about two to three times while growing up .
There were so many last minute expenses that kept surfacing .
I was too young to work to help but my older siblings did what they could to help my mom out .
Making good use of the public library can help as well especially if you have plans of obtaining a job in a particular field .
There are loads of books on various topics and spending some time there reading them can help .
Utilizing a creative talent can help bring in some money to help you out ; even if its just pocket change .
The Dollar Tree is a great place to buy food for on the go consumption ; both nutritional and other .
They 've expanded their collection of food so finding healthy options is more easy .
Not sure but I feel I have read another one of your lenses but not sure which one and I think it was on a similar topic .
Anywho , thanks for sharing this amazing piece .
Joan Haines on July 23 , 2014 :
Maybe subway tokens ?
Thank you for giving this well thought out advice from a voice of experience .
It empowers everybody to try to make things better .
taichiway on July 18 , 2014 :
@goldenecho : Something I just found and love is a spiral bracelet bug repellent , cheap , no bug bite , no critters flying about , just wonderful .
Like one of those key ring spring bracelet .
SawadeeWhat on July 17 , 2014 :
A really good lens .
A good backpack is always helpful .
But it should have a waterproof rain cover !
Preferably with an elastic band .
gracie9484 on July 16 , 2014 :
@goldenecho : I think your idea of including baking soda is wonderful .
With an unopened box , you could include a list of things it can be used for .
It 's great for washing your hair ( no shampoo necessary ) , it 's a great exfoliant / cleanser ( no bar soap necessary ) , it 's great for brushing your teeth and it is also an antimicrobial , meaning it kills several types of bacterium .
I wonder how small a box / container it can be purchased in ?
Including several different little ones maybe be safer than a whole big box .
cantfindmywayhome on July 14 , 2014 :
A good pair of finger / toenail clippers and for job seeking women , a " diamond " nail file .
I bought a Revlon file at Amazon for around $ 5.00 long before I became homeless .
They last " forever " unlike emory boards which break or quickly wear out .
Funky , ragged finger nails look ... funky !
A tiny tear or break inevitebly gets caught on something and " to the quick " is a homeless bummer .
Long toe nails are a discomfort and can cause a myriad of problems .
If you can't afford or find a " diamond " file , ladies , get a good pair of clippers for sure .
RoadMonkey on July 13 , 2014 :
A good pair of strong shoes .
It 's hard to walk when your feet are sore or cold and wet .
Fantastic lens .
Gale from Texas on July 12 , 2014 :
@ Kylyssa : Thanks ... and sorry for all my typos .
Yikes ! :-)
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on July 12 , 2014 :
@goldenecho : I think it 's a good idea .
At the very least , a box of baking soda will keep the package from smelling funky if it gets moist .
It works for brushing teeth and getting smells out of clothing , too .
As long as it is kept in the original box no one is likely to make any accusations about it .
Gale from Texas on July 12 , 2014 :
I was thinking about doing something like this , so this is wonderful .
One thing I thought about putting in that may sound sort of weird is s small package of baking soda .
I 'd read somewhere else that bug bites ( fleas , mosquitoes whatever ) were a real problem .
But spray would be great but is really expensive and does n't last long , so I might not be able to do that much .
But I know from experience that baking powder mixed with a little water works great to treat bug bites of all sorts ( really reduces the itching if you get it on within 15 minutes of being bitten ) .
It thought I could tape iprinted nstructions to the box on how to use it to treat bug bites ... but was worried that it could get homeless people in trouble ( white powder , could be confused for drugs ) .
What do you think about including that in a pack ?
Good or bad idea ?
seenitalready on July 06 , 2014 :
If you have or can get a car it makes your life safer ( a place to sleep and get to job interviews ) .
eiramarie on July 03 , 2014 :
A very great and informative article , thank you for sharing ..
jen09 writes on May 29 , 2014 :
Thank you so much for another great article !
I have been thinking about making up some sort of goody bags for the homeless we meet on an almost daily basis .
I love the thought you put into the items they would really need .
Loretta Livingstone from Chilterns , UK . on April 17 , 2014 :
I 've read many of your lenses .
I find them helpful and informative .
I am lucky never to have been homeless , but I feel for those who are .
I am glad you survived your ordeals , and love that you are using what happened to you to educate others .
nolanmb on January 15 , 2014 :
Found your blog as a result of seeing a video that put many of your ideas into action .
The video does not have a link to the list they use .
I also thought there would be more ideas / info at the source .
True and thank you .
My church is assembling backpacks as part of 30 Days of Love ( Standing on the Side of Love initiative ) and by sharing this project with children and youth , as well as adults , we can engage our whole community in how to help homeless people , reasons for homelessness , how to be better advocates for the homeless and work to end homelessness .
NYtoSCimjustme on January 11 , 2014 :
I found this page and you because of a video I just saw on wimp.com - ( http://www.wimp.com/homelessbackpack/ )
What an awesome page you have , and I was n't sure if you knew this video existed - so I felt it was important to make sure you knew that you have made a difference and the word is getting out .
Kudos to you !
Flora Crew from Evanston , Illinois on December 27 , 2013 :
You have definitely thought through homelessness a lot .
I was very interested in your ideas .
I think churches and other institutions that help people who are homeless might get some good ideas from reading this too !
jadegdot on December 02 , 2013 :
This was very interesting .
I am planning to hand out homeless care kits in 2 days to random people in need around the city .
SInce I am in Beijing , China , I could only use this list as a rough guideline .
Homelessness is a much more permanent situation here .
They are extremely poor or disabled and have been this way their entire life .
Almost none of them can read or write .
They have close to no chance to turn their life around , so the only way to help them would be to possibly make their current situation a little bit less uncomfortable as apposed to trying to help them get back on their feet .
I 'm afraid if I gave them a box of baking sofa , they would n't even know what it was or what to do with it .
Winter is also coming and the weather is about to be very windy , dry and cold so blankets , hats and socks along with some food might be the best solution .
Thank you for sharing your experience and giving such great advice .
I will continue to hand out care packages for as long as I am capable .
If $ 100 can change a life , why are n't more people doing it ?
P.S. I think a roll of duct tape could also be very useful .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on September 09 , 2013 :
@anonymous : Possibly it 's because of the tendency to also get physically assaulted , raped , etc. a lot as well as developing related health problems frequently .
I considered it a condition to escape even before my first time getting raped .
With the average American woman experiencing homeless experiencing her first sexual assault by her eleventh day of homelessness , most folks do n't consider it a desirable condition .
anonymous on September 07 , 2013 :
@ AlwaysOnABudget : get a tent .
Do not make a nest with trash , that 's one of the reasons people do n't want homeless in their towns .
the tent will protect you from the windchill too .
Airports are good places to get some sleep but not for more than a few nights in a row .
there are a lot of weirdos on craigslist .
a lot of the live - in ads just want to get a young hottie into their house , use your best judgement .
... ok the tent , and the wool blankets from the army navy surplus .
they are super cheap and super warm .
if you get a tent , get one that blends in , and a tarp to put under it .
you will probably need a cache somewhere if you do n't have a car or storage unit .
anonymous on September 07 , 2013 :
@earaja : im homeless too , if you can help it do n't loiter on private property ( wifi at dennys ) colleges and libraries have wireless internet and free electricity .
anonymous on September 07 , 2013 :
@bevl250 : Why does everyone look at homelessness as an affliction the person needs to be cured of ?
I dumped all my money into rent for years and have nothing to show for it .
I would be a lot better off right now if I had been homeless before when I did have a good job , and saved it to get training for some skills .
anonymous on September 07 , 2013 :
@ Kylyssa : I make bath and body products and before that I made my own on the cheap .
Believe it or not , home made deodorant works a LOT better than store bought .
All you need is baking soda , coconut oil , and cornstarch ( or any other type of starch , arrowroot and tapioca are silkier than cornstarch ) .
Bonus , all these ingredients can be bought with food stamps .
The maker can also add a few drops of tea tree essential oil ( available at most drustores , sometimes with vitamins , sometimes with acne products , sometimes with antiseptics ) to help kill bacteria .
anonymous on September 07 , 2013 :
About the showers .
For $ 19 a month ( soon free pending application for financial assistance membership ) I get a hot shower every day and use of a gym at the local recreation center .
My membership is good at all 5 of the city 's rec centers .
You may have to fib about your address .
Use the address on your license if it is still local and do not mention being homeless .
I mentioned being homeless at the library and they would not issue me a library card .
Get these two things right away after becoming homeless because some will require you provide a piece of mail no older than 30 days to prove residency .
The library recognized my address as being the post office so I had to try again at another one and just say I lived at the address on my license .
Tom Maybrier on August 21 , 2013 :
You 've covered almost everything .
One thing I found I needed - clothes that were comfortable to sleep in but durable enough to wear multiple days .
I agree with Betty about the library card .
The public library was my best friend when I was homeless .
This is a great lens .
CrazyHomemaker on July 10 , 2013 :
Excellent lens , Kylyssa !
You are doing the world a great service with your lenses .
I would definitely use a backpack .
I 'd get soap , the Mylar cover , tarp and a few other things you mentioned .
One thing I would get is a box of baking soda .
A little bit dampened in your hand and smeared under the armpits makes an excellent deodorizer .
I use this on the days I do n't shave my underarms .
DON'T use right after shaving !
Burns like crazy !
Wait a day .
Also , it 's a good toothpaste / breath freshener and general scrubber .
It costs about 33 cents to buy a decent size .
You only use a little and it lasts .
Best of luck to you and thanks , again .
anonymous on May 08 , 2013 :
Absolutely antiperspirant , a washcloth and a freezer bag to store it in when wet .
A bar of soap , shampoo , and because I live in the desert - hand lotion for my dry skin .
Also a library card in order to be able to use their computers as I am doing to write this comment .
A gallon jug of water for drinking , with a cup to refill it .
A roll of toilet paper .
A can opener .
A bettery operated light that clips to my hat .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on March 16 , 2013 :
@ Pat Goltz :
If antiperspirants should not be used what do you recommend for folks who do n't have daily access to bathing to stay free of underarm wetness and odor ?
I agree that antiperspirant is n't exactly good for people but I 've never encountered a workplace that did not require people to smell clean or at least to not smell bad .
Ramen noodles are very good for not starving to death .
I tended to eat them dry and thus did not use the seasoning packets .
As mentioned above , this is for bare survival and not intended to serve as a permanent life plan .
Lorelei Cohen from Canada on March 16 , 2013 :
Your survival kit for the homeless is excellent .
Living on the streets brings the simplest items to the forefront of your basic needs .
A warm cup of coffee is not nutritious but it is enjoyment and hope .
A can of beans is a rich filling protein source .
I hope many take your advice to heart when they purchase items for the homeless .
Pat Goltz on March 08 , 2013 :
There are a lot of good ideas here , and I thank you for them .
I am allergic to synthetics , so I would not be able to buy the clothes you recommend .
They 'd have to be cotton .
Antiperspirants contain toxic chemicals , so I do n't recommend them , and they 're not necessary .
They tend to leave stains on clothes .
Ramen noodle sauce contains monosodium glutamate , which is a deadly neurotoxin .
People become sensitized over time .
If you buy Ramen noodles , do n't eat the sauce !
The sauce could make you very sick .
When reading advice , always adapt to your situation .
I agree backpacks are essential , and so are some of the other things you mentioned .
That brings home all the more what a crime it was when I saw one homeless person steal a backpack from another he had just beaten up .
kimadagem on March 04 , 2013 :
Your story about finding $ 100 reminded me of an experience I had in Denver .
I was waiting at a bus stop when a woman in a wheelchair came up to me and asked if I had any spare change .
I had no change and the smallest bill I had was a $ 5 so that 's what I gave her .
She was absolutely thrilled - she hugged me and she kissed the bill and held it up looking at it and saying , " Oh , a beautiful , beautiful five . "
Then she went over to another person - probably a friend - and showed it to her , talking about it the whole time .
It got me thinking about how everything is relative ; $ 5 to a person who was probably expecting a quarter must have seemed like a windfall .
And for you to find $ 100 must have been even better .
kimadagem on March 04 , 2013 :
I 'm wondering about those cleaning wipes you can buy in plastic jars at places like Walmart .
They seem like they might be useful because you would have something wet to use for cleaning even if you were n't near a fresh water supply .
There 's more than one kind too - I 've seen them for personal care and for general cleaning .
ChristyZ on February 23 , 2013 :
Wow , I am blown away by your courage and resourcefulness !
Amazing lens !
bevl250 on February 21 , 2013 :
This is an eye - opener .
If $ 100 did it for you , i'd advise homeless people to search for loans to get out of their situation .
I know this might sound ' out of this world ' but i've seen people offering loans on the basis of the friends one introduces to a social network ( no credit checks or other collateral ) .
It might be a long shot but it might help .
Am in the process of testing one out to find out whether its real
AlwaysOnABudget on January 17 , 2013 :
@anonymous : I 've seen a lot of homeless in cold areas collect trash and light a small bon fire .
it might not be legal everywhere though .
There are hand warmers sold at most camping stores or walmarts that last a few hours , but it could mean the difference between freezing or keeping a bit warm .
Because you 're a mom you may have luck offering babysitting services for cheap .
Get some of your friends to be your " references " saying that u cared for their children .
Check sites like care.com or craigslist.com or backpage.com for babysitting jobs in ur area .
There are places that offer live - in sitter jobs , which may seem horrible because you 'll have to stay away from your kids , but it may give you enough $ to find a cheap tiny apartment and that will give you an address to offer babysitting from .
Stay positive , pray ( faith helps in the worse of times ) , and do n't give up .
AlwaysOnABudget on January 17 , 2013 :
@earaja : Do n't give up .
Your school can sometimes offer employment within the school , or you can do cleaning .
Try putting up an ad on craigslist.com to find even a part time job doing odd things .
This lens can be super helpful for those who keep a level head , which is difficult in the streets .
But trust me when I say effort and hard work pay off in the end .
Apply at some restaurants , fast food places , and grocery stores , you never know where you 'll find a salvation .
earaja on January 07 , 2013 :
i really luv this article i am homeless as i speak .
With my two brother my dog and my mom .
I have no relative that care .
My dad say he care but really he does n't i can't get a job cuzz i am in school that is why i join squidoo to help me out but i do n't have time to write as much lens as possible .
but your lens inspired me to write my struggles as being homeless .
i recharge my laptop in the park and get wifi in dennys .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on December 05 , 2012 :
@anonymous :
This is a brilliant suggestion !
I 'll look into buying some online to give to local homeless people .
anonymous on December 04 , 2012 :
@anonymous : many libraries have internet access so actually a lot of homeless people are online .
many also have smart phones , they invest their small incomes in a phone that can help them stay in touch .
anonymous on December 04 , 2012 :
Thnaks for the articvle , I would recommend adding a p - 38 , which is the military stylee can opener that fits easily on a keyring and is quite useful !
They cost about 8 cents a piece but can't be purchased in a regular store .
You can find them in surplus stores or online .
I buy them in bulk and make them available to homeless clients .
cjbmeb14 lm on December 04 , 2012 :
In this day and age nobody should be homeless , great lens .
anonymous on November 29 , 2012 :
Question ~
I 'm a mom about to be homeless in a few weeks and no shelters are available ... family in another state will take in my 2 kids for awhile so they will be ok .
I . Have to stay here and its getting really cold .
No shelter space available .. where should I sleep ?
Woods with the mylar blanket etc ?
My options are slim or unknown .. anyone have suggestions ?
Been scouring online via cell .
anonymous on November 19 , 2012 :
how a homeless person going to read this ?
Someone should print this out and hand a few copys out . :)
Lori Green from Las Vegas on October 16 , 2012 :
I work with the Majave Desert Animal Rescue .
It is a food bank for pet food so homeless people can feed their pets and those animals do not end up in shelters .
We frequently ( multiple times per week ) do food drops for an increasing number of homeless .
I love this lens so much .
I am going to make copies and give them out .
We give away human care packages because we get offered a lot of donations of human things .
I am going to put the emergency blanket on our wish list and the painters drop cloth .
Believe it or not but we have had women cry because we gave them tampons .
God bless you and bless this lens 10 fold .
anonymous on October 04 , 2012 :
a scissors ( preferably double sharps nursing scissors ) - not only are they useful for cutting things , you can use them as a " knife and fork " , a digging implement , a tool for cutting your beard , or hair ( to be presentable for interviews ) , and as a last resort defence weapon against attack !.
I would also collect string , rubber bands , and shoe laces to use for tying newspaper , cardboard , and temporary shelter .
Supermarket bags are useful as " hats " when you are sleeping rough , and also when staying at a shelter .
They are great as shoe storage and to separate items in your backpack too .
Allison Whitehead on September 27 , 2012 :
Amazing lens , definitely deserving of the purple star !
Heidi Vincent from GRENADA on August 06 , 2012 :
Very practical tips for what to buy for or as a homeless person !
Thanks for sharing .
anonymous on August 06 , 2012 :
if you are near a truckstop , the drivers usually get a ticket for a free shower when they fuel , a lot of them will give you that shower ticket for free if you ask
motobidia on July 18 , 2012 :
Very good advice !
I 'll definitely consider buying some of the items on your list to give as a gift to someone on the street - cash is king , but a thoughtful gift can make a bigger difference than the few bucks it cost .
denise777alexan on July 05 , 2012 :
I found you after I had a run in with a homeless man ..
Thanks for the information .
I am going to ask a local officer to help me find someone in need and save some of my next check to give them a hand up .
I will be asking for help since I could get swarmed as the homeless population in Miami in crazy high !!
I was able to find a few small bottles of shampoo , Schick razor with trimmer on the end , crest toothpaste , toothbrush , comb , small hotel soap bar , and trial size deodorant / antiperspirant degree stick and a comb .
All of the items are new and I hope it will be a start for someone , I realize since I do n't have as much to give it wo n't get them off the street , but maybe it will be step one .
I am thinking I may go buy some peanut butter and dry cereal too .
This is what I put on facebook to try to get my friends to wake up and help .
On the way home I stopped at 7 - 11 and got a corn dog and taquito , the sign said it was 2 /$ 2.22 , I ended up paying $ 0.07 more , no accident I am sure .....
I also got a brownie and big gulp soda .
I started to think about our new diet and exactly how everything I was eating was wrong 3X at least for each item .
As I go to eat the brownie I see a man who had taken off his shirt and rolled it into a ball sleeping so peacefully I thought he was dead .
Lying on the sidewalk under the freeway , I had to make sure he was breathing , he was very unalert , I kept yelling sir , sir , are you ok and similar things .
I kept thinking I have this brownie and soda , well I have a cough , likely from allergies / sinus ' , but just in case I wo n't give it him , but the brownie ...
I asked if he would like the brownie and he mumbled yes and slowly lifted his arm to mine .
Shaking the whole way up , with his dirty arm , he gracefully and gently grabbed the brownie .
The moment it was in his hand , he smiled and his teeth where just barely yellow , this made me think this guy was a victim of the economy .... maybe health issues he tried to have treated and ran out of money , or maybe he is just mentally defective and knows no better .. either way , I should feel good about my parents teaching me to share and help those in need , and good about this act , but I do n't .
This one act and volunteering at the food bank is not enough .
I know why other countries look down on us ... we help them all day long which is great , but what have we done for our own ?
anonymous on July 04 , 2012 :
Dawn dishwashing liquid and a good cheap multi-tool ( $ 10 - ozarks trail at wally world ) .
yellowbrickroad on June 13 , 2012 :
Kylyssa , thank you so much for this post .
It goes farther than anything I 've ever read in showing what it 's really like to be homeless .
Your list of essentials is so telling and really moving .
I admire you for finding your way out with $ 100 .
Your story is amazing .
anonymous on June 12 , 2012 :
my survival kit is a tent , kennel ( have pups ) blankets , pillows cooler ( to store food ) and a grill ( just the part you cook on ) and a lighter
Rose Jones on June 02 , 2012 :
OMG - found another one of your lenses that somehow I had not Squid Angel Blessed - obvious oversite , taken care of now .
Social Bookmarked too - visitors - please send great lenses like this out to twitter , digg , etc !
I think of your story very often - you are an inspiration to me .
jazziyarbrough on May 31 , 2012 :
My Bible would be one of the major things in my homelessness survival kit .
Toothpaste , toothbrush , wash cloth , comb , soap , and coconut oil .
Clean clothes too !
Hanziejane on May 28 , 2012 :
I 'm constantly astounded by the quality of your lenses !
huvalbd on May 22 , 2012 :
It looks like you have updated this lens since I first visited .
Between your additions and some of the comments , this has become truly superb .
This lens is sure to make a difference for people who need this plan .
KokoTravel on May 21 , 2012 :
I live in the Pacific NW and would include an hooded , waterproof raincoat , hat and warm fleece clothing .
I wish you the very best always .
Gloria Freeman from Alabama USA on May 14 , 2012 :
Hi lot of great info and tips here .
anonymous on May 03 , 2012 :
people that read this is a weirdo
anonymous on April 27 , 2012 :
Here in Mississippi , there are plenty of rivers and streams to fish from , so I keep several pan fish hand fishing lines , one turtle / large catfish hand line , small trot line , and spare fishing tackle in my backpack .
Plenty of bait in the tall grass ( crickets , grasshoppers ) and under rocks and logs near the river ( frogs , grubs , and crawdads ) .
Public boat landings and spillways have proven to be good places to pick up extra tackle that people drop .
Really good places for dropped tackle is below spillways where you families and guys in bass boats fishing .
Can pick up lots of free fishing line and patiently untangle it .
Found plenty of dead minnows on the bank and used that as bait .
I keep my annual fishing and hunting license current as well as my ID .
You do n't want any kind of mark on your public record , so keep honest and get a fishing license .
I keep a military grade poncho ( camo , strong with a rubber coated nylon shell ) in my pack .
Large enough to keep me and the backpack dry when it 's on .
Have a warm poncho liner ( lightweight and ties to the poncho ) .
Sunglasses are a must to prevent early onset cataracts .
I wear the wrap around kind to protect my eyes during windy days when sand is blowing about .
A large fixed blade sheathed hunting knife with sharpener .
Folding pocket knife with a knife blade , saw blade , and gutting blade .
Four inch barrel .22 pistol , ammo , and tiny cleaning kit .
Wire snares .
Change of clothes , socks , underwear , etc. Toilet paper .
Remove the cardboard tube and roll up tight .
Keep in a plastic bag so it stays dry .
No need to cook food ( from peanuts and dried fruit to potted meat or vienna sausages ) .
Canned corn tastes good as well as certain canned beans when not heated .
You can leave the can out in the sun or build a solar oven from aluminum foil to hasten it 's heating time .
You can heat a can of food in the coals and hot ashes of a campfire AFTER YOU MAKE A DIME SIZED OR ONE INCH GASH / HOLE IN THE CAN to vent the steam and heat .
If you do n't make a hole in the can , the can 's contents will expand more and more as it grows hotter and cause the can to EXPLODE !.
This will send metal shards flying towards you , your eyes , or your gear and ruin the food as well .
A plastic military canteen in a cover with metal cup that hooks to the ALICE backpack .
P38 ( to open canned food that is not in the pop top kind of can ) .
The spare P38 is kept with the canteen as well as a metal match .
P52 is a little bit larger P38 and works just as well .
Several methods to start a fire ( metal match , flint , steel , and char cloth to solar with a tiny magnifying glass as well as matches .
Matchbooks hold more matches and take up less room than stick matches ) .
All are kept in a small bag with dry tinder wrapped in paper in case I can't find any dry tinder where I camp on a rainy day .
Solar cell phone charger .
( www.accessorygenie.com or at www.amazon.com ) .
iPhone in a full case .
Put in a plastic bag to keep it dry .
Basic first aid kit ( band aids , sinus med , aspirin , etc. ) with additional butterfly band aids for the little bit more serious cuts , lip balm , antibacterial ointment , medicated skin care , and a cord tourniquet .
White vinegar has many medical uses from washing your hair to douching .
Google white vinegar and it's medical properties .
Cheaper than OTC medicines sometimes .
Leatherman tool to pull out fish hooks , has a small saw blade to make fishing lures with , small screw drivers , bottle opener , small file .
Great for opening a water hydrant with no handle .
Camo ball cap .
Folds easily to store in the backpack .
Keeps the sun out of my eyes or used to swat bugs .
Small towel and two hand towels .
Small , homemade roll up basin and bathing kit with Octagon soap ( cleans body , clothes , and hair and is good to dry up poison ivy ) .
You can make four small towels from one regular sized bath towel .
Sew the cut edges so it does n't fray too bad .
You can make a cheapo bath basin by sewing a good quality one gallon freezer bag to the pant leg part you remove when you make shorts out of your jeans .
Add a strong loop to the denim leg because a gallon of water weighs eight pounds +/-.
When the basin springs a leak , simple remove the plastic bag and sew another one gallon plastic bag back into the leg .
The denim keeps the bag from puncturing and helps it to retain it 's shape .
I hang mine up on a strong loop and a length of cord .
Added some two inch fringe to the denim leg bottom to speed up the drying time because the denim will get wet as you bathe and could sour .
The bottom of the leg is sewn shut to protect the bottom of the plastic bag .
Daily doses of vitamin supplements , aspirin ( for heart ) , and arthritis medication .
Garlic is a good heart / blood medication that also kills gut parasites .
Comb ( fine tooth for pushing out dirt and creatures trying to live in your scalp ) , hair brush , toothbrush , flosses .
Small hand mirror ( great for examining areas of your body for ticks or other blood suckers when you are alone .
I keep my hair cut short because it takes less water to wash it and it dries faster , too .
A half - gallon aluminum camp cooking pot with handle and lid for boiling water to purify it .
Lid makes a great plate .
Can hold warm rinse water after you bathe , too .
Deck of card sized AM / FM radio with ear buds for private listening and not to draw curious people to your location as you hole up in the brush or empty building staying out of sight of outlaws and cops .
Keeping up with the news is important during bad weather or floods .
iPhone has Kindle which I have downloaded books about wild plants as food and medicine , minor medical procedures , favorite books , and all the free or cheap 99 cents military FM - survival series books .
Holy Bible as a free app on the iPhone , too .
iPhone has apps like local weather conditions and news plus an app for traffic conditions and river conditions .
You can keep a Facebook page updated with a smart phone or keep up with your bank account .
Let 's face it .
Big Brother is going to make all of us have to have bank accounts if we want to work for a business .
With direct deposit , you do n't have to run to the bank to withdraw funds .
Some iPhone apps let you pay your bills directly from your bank account or credit card .
A couple of tiny flashlights on a headband .
Holding a flashlight in your mouth looks weird and feels weird while you are doing it .
Military compass .
Getting lost in the woods is no fun when it 's cold and dark and you can't see the stars to find north or south .
The Big Dipper is a constant northerly direction more or less and Orion is south .
But Orion moves east to west in the night so you might wound up going southeast or south west if you follow Orion .
The Big Dipper is fairly close to magnetic north and circles the North Star ( the handle tip of the Little Dipper ) .
It does n't hurt to know basic constellations like the Big Dipper , the Little Dipper , Cassiopeia ( the big W or M in the northern sky ) or Orion if you travel at night in the northern hemisphere .
Keeping up with the moon phases helps , too , if you fish or walk through the woods at night .
Small notebook as a tiny daily journal and a New Testament Bible given to me when I was baptized into the Christian faith .
A monocular ( like half of a binocular ) .
The sooner you see an enemy or an opportunity the better .
A light weight monocular can help you do that .
Catfish skinning pliers which is good for skinning rabbits and squirrels , too .
Various lengths and widths of cordage .
Cotton cordage can be made into wicks if you have oil available .
Even motor oil makes a stinky light though edible oils work best .
Moon phase and compass watch .
Coughlin ( ? ) water filter ( filter clean as possible water then boil it before using it to hydrate , cook , or clean wounds with ) .
Dirty / muddy / mucky water will clog up a filter before it 's time .
Catch rainwater out in the open and not from under trees or off roofs if you need to drink it right away .
Rain water through the trees or off roofs picks up bug and bird poop and dust and dirt as it filters over the leaves and branches or roofing material .
That rain water should be filtered and boiled first before used for anything because it's no better than wat
Pam Irie from Land of Aloha on April 23 , 2012 :
I think probably most of the choices on your list .
Thank you for sharing .
I hope things are turning around again for you .
saneTV on April 21 , 2012 :
sunglasses , a toothbrush , vitamins , 1 pair wool socks ( wool stays warm when wet ) , lip balm , coconut oil or cocoa butter ( all purpose emollient , can be mixed with zinc oxide to make sunscreen ) , corn starch powder ( makes a good dry shampoo ) , superglue , sewing kit .
Rose Jones on April 14 , 2012 :
Back to pin this on the " Doing Good " and " Social Justice " boards I have created .
KittySmith on April 14 , 2012 :
Being practical , and a photographer , I would have to keep my digital camera with me because pictures mean $ $$ to me .
I felt like I was too close to homeless many years ago when my children were very young , it never happened , but always a consideration is n't it ?
I have friends and family that have found themselves homeless , a nephew by choice , a girlfriend by fate and a son by lack of planning .
My nephew is dead , my girlfriend has turned her situation into a positive one , written an e-book on it and lives / travels in her van with a small dog & my son has learned to stand up to fear and hopelessness , is working and has a future again .
I applaud you for sharing something your story .
Asberger 's really puts a challenge before you , I have another nephew with the syndrome and as he enters adulthood , he faces new challenges .
I do n't know if he could survive if he had to go through what you did .
anonymous on March 23 , 2012 :
Something in which to carry water such as a large water bottle .
Alcohol infused Wet Wipes for most of the body and baby wipes for face and privates .
Vitamens ; not as good as food , but better than nothing for warding of scurvy and other diseases and one large bottle can last a couple of monthes .
Sunglasses and sunscreen ; skin cancer can happen any time of year in any climate .
Chapstick , again to protect the thin skin of the lips against the wind and sun .
No rinse shampoo and a cheap headband ; paired up with the brush you 'll have clean , polished hair .
Kathryn Wallace from Greenbank , WA , USA on March 15 , 2012 :
Matches .
Bless you for sharing from your experience and your heart .
lesliesinclair on February 28 , 2012 :
As many of the items you list , as I could afford , I would pack into a thrift store backpack .
You are doing a great service to share this information .
sweetstickyrainbo on February 17 , 2012 :
there is a similarity between an end of the world bug - out bag and the homeless backpack .
the backpack is a good idea for a relatively secure place to keep your belongings /
Mixed Martial
Arts is a sport that 's beginning to see mainstream acceptance in the United States , and with an explosive night of fights — not to mention impressive sales — the UFC 100 event pushed the sport further into the bright lights of success .
Now that the sport has proven its popularity and legitimacy , EA wants to get into the game , but Ultimate Fighting Championship President Dana
White has threatened to blacklist any fighter who appears in an EA MMA title .
" I 'm not tap - dancing around this thing or whatever , " White said , as reported by MMA Junkie .
" I 'm telling you straight - up , I 'm at war with them right now .
That 's how I look at it . "
What happens if a fighter agrees to an appearance in EA 's MMA title ?
Simple .
" You wo n't be in the UFC , " White claimed .
That 's not a small threat ; while other promotions have found success in different areas of the world , UFC is the face of Mixed Martial Arts in the United States .
If a fighter wants to have a career in the states , he 's going to have to stay on Dana White 's good side .
UFC has also created one of the quickest routes to fame in Mixed Martial Arts : the reality show The Ultimate Fighter .
If you look at UFC 's roster of fighters , a large number of names and faces came from that show ; the fight between Forrest Griffin and Stephan Bonnar in the finale of the show 's first season is widely considered a classic in Mixed Martial Arts .
UFC has the tools to make you a star , or destroy you ... and it all may come down to which video game you appear in .
At war with EA , and itself
The reason for this animosity ?
White wanted to create UFC games with EA in the past , before the UFC 's current success .
By his accounts , EA shunned both his company and the sport itself .
" It 's easy to sit on the other side of the table and judge me on how I react to stuff like this , but let me tell you what — I 've been in the trenches for almost 10 years , and I 've been dealing with all these businesses , and EA was one of them , " White explained .
" EA Sports told us , ' You 're not a real sport , we would n't touch this thing .
We want nothing to do with this . ' "
White is also sitting on one of the more surprising success stories in gaming : THQ - published UFC 2009 Undisputed sold 679,600 copies on the Xbox 360 in May , and another 334,400 copies on the PlayStation 3 .
White points to the difficulties of launching that franchise in the current economy , and EA 's interest only coming after the sport 's success .
Of course , he phrased his points in more colorful language than I 'm allowed to use here .
This may be the rare case where EA is n't in the position of power .
White has the luxury of an already - successful game based on Mixed Martial Arts , and for many fighters the possibility of a UFC contract is worth much more than an appearance in a video game .
Randy Couture may be gracing the game 's cover , but that deal was only struck after a lengthy court battle with UFC .
That 's more evidence that EA knows the power of UFC - branded fighters , and White 's public threats could deal a large blow to the lineup in EA 's title .
Dana
White has already shown a willingness to throw his weight around over the gaming issue .
Welterweight contender Jon Fitch was dropped from the UFC when he balked at signing a lifetime deal for THQ to use his likeness in its UFC game .
Fitch later signed the deal to appear in the game , and returned to the UFC .
The lesson was , it seems , learned quickly .
White 's strategy is clear : if you do n't want to play things his way , you can find another house to fight in .
Right now , the UFC controls the money in US Mixed Martial Arts , and both EA and UFC fighters are starting to understand how much power Dana White has gathered in the sport .
If he gets you in his own game , your likeness rights are locked down for a lifetime .
If you go to EA , you 'll never fight in the UFC again .
For people who are paid to get punched in the head , this is the rare uncomfortable position that occurs outside the octagon .
COLUMBIA , South Carolina —
A man has been arrested for having sex with a horse after police say the animal ’s owner caught him on surveillance camera .
Police say this is n’t the first time 50 - year - old Rodell Vereen has been charged with buggery — last year he pleaded guilty to having sex with the same horse and was placed on the state ’s sex offender list .
Police arrested Vereen on Monday , when he returned to the stable 20 miles northeast of Myrtle Beach where owner Barbara Kenley says a camera caught him having sex with her horse earlier this month .
This time she was waiting for him with a shotgun and says she thought about shooting him but did n’t want to go to prison .
Vereen is in jail .
His brother says he has mental problems and may not have been taking his medicine .
I have heard variations of this question asked over and over :
How do I make a resource reservation in Entourage ?
… or similarly …
How do I schedule a meeting room in Entourage ?
While Entourage does not support the same resource booking functionality that Outlook does , I ’m able to successfully schedule conference rooms , including Cisco Telepresence rooms in Entourage by simply placing the resource ’s address into the To : field of a meeting request .
I ’m able to view the resource ’s availability beforehand just as I do for any other attendee ( denoted by the orange rectangle ) .
The resource in this sample event is “ AST06 - 2 - Luckenbach ( 16 ) ” .
The missing resource booking functionality here is :
the automatic entry of the resource name into the Location field ( denoted by the yellow arrow ) the ability to use counter - proposals received by others who may wish to reschedule the meeting time .
You need to do this manually .
The environment setup here is :
Entourage 2008 Exchange 2003 Auto Accept Agent ( not absolutely necessary , but highly recommended )
Contrary to what some might believe , your Exchange server does not need to be running the Auto Accept Agent for resource booking to work , but it sure is recommended .
WIthout the Auto Accept Agent running , someone will have to manage meeting invitations manually for all resources .
I ’m surprised others have n’t pointed out this functionality on how to schedule resources in Entourage out already .
There seems to be many references pointing Entourage ’s missing calendaring functionality .
When I saw the University of Tennessee Knoxville IT department ’s answer to “ Can I schedule shared resources such as a conference room ? ” I was particularly humored .
This procedure works for scheduling Cisco Telepresence rooms , too .
You simply need to reserve rooms at both ends of the call ( or all ends of the call in the case of multipoint conferences ) .
If you cannot view a resource ’s availability when looking at the Scheduling tab , you may want to Troubleshoot Free / Busy Times in Microsoft Entourage .
Cite this articleHide citations
CLOSE
MLA
Garber , Megan .
" Mirror , mirror : The New York Times wants to serve you info as you ’re brushing your teeth . "
Nieman Journalism Lab . Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard , 31 Aug. 2011 .
Web. 30 Sep. 2020 .
APA
Garber , M. ( 2011 , Aug. 31 ) .
Mirror , mirror : The New York Times wants to serve you info as you ’re brushing your teeth .
Nieman Journalism Lab . Retrieved September 30 , 2020 , from https://www.niemanlab.org/2011/08/mirror-mirror-the-new-york-times-wants-to-serve-you-info-as-youre-brushing-your-teeth/
Chicago
Garber , Megan .
" Mirror , mirror : The New York Times wants to serve you info as you ’re brushing your teeth . "
Nieman Journalism Lab .
Last modified August 31 , 2011 .
Accessed September 30 , 2020 .
https://www.niemanlab.org/2011/08/mirror-mirror-the-new-york-times-wants-to-serve-you-info-as-youre-brushing-your-teeth/.
Wikipedia
{{cite web
| url = https://www.niemanlab.org/2011/08/mirror-mirror-the-new-york-times-wants-to-serve-you-info-as-youre-brushing-your-teeth/
| title = Mirror , mirror : The New York Times wants to serve you info as you ’re brushing your teeth
| last = Garber
| first = Megan
| work = [ [ Nieman Journalism Lab ] ]
| date = 31 August 2011
| accessdate = 30 September 2020
| ref = {{harvid| Garber |2011}}
}}
JREF Swift Blog
Creating A Monster
I was at a meetup.com dinner recently with about a dozen people that I ’d never met before .
When we went around the table telling what we did for a living , my response garnered some attention .
“ Are you a ghost hunter ? ”
“ Er , well … no , not exactly .. you see … ”
“ I saw a ghost once . ”
“ That ’s very interesting , but what I do at the JREF is … ”
And so it went .
This is not an unusual exchange , and I ’m not annoyed in the least .
Often , such awkward openings lead to something more interesting , and that was the case here .
An Asian man approached me and said something very interesting :
“ Ghosts are cultural . ”
Though his English was quite good , I did n’t understand what he meant .
“ Do you mean ghosts only exist because they ’re socially constructed ? ”
“ In Japan , ghosts have no legs .
In the US , they do . ”
And at last , I understood .
He was n't about to discuss relativism with me ; he was saying that ghosts had different characteristics in Japan , or rather , Japanese people see ghosts differently .
I was called away and did n’t get to have a very long discussion with him , but he set me to thinking about this .
Sure enough , a quick bit of research showed that most ghosts in Japan are depicted without legs .
Others had chains coming out of their chests .
And maybe this explains why Casper the Friendly Ghost seems to be able to shed his legs at will .
I also came across this article recently , about a man in Utah who searches for Bigfoot .
Like ghosts , Bigfoot ( or Bigfeet ) are found in many cultures , though in varying forms such as the Abominable Snow Man , Nguoi Rung , or Yowie .
The article itself was just the same old “ there ’s something out there , I just know it ” type of filler , but it made me wonder … why do people see what they see ?
And the answer , I ’m pretty sure , is that “ believing is seeing . ”
If you have an idea of something in your mind , you will unconsciously search for it , and random or unclear patterns will trigger recognition of this searched - for pattern .
Daniel Loxton pointed out in a Junior Skeptic some years back that we no longer see trolls or ogres in the forests .
We simply do n’t scan for those patterns anymore .
These monsters of old have been supplanted by our new version , which in North America is Bigfoot .
So , what ’s stopping us from creating new monsters ?
Why ca n’t we just invent something , plant the idea in people ’s minds , and have people frantically dialing 911 to report our fictitious bogeyman in their back yards ?
Nothing .
In fact , people have .
You ’ll be hard pressed to find stories of alien abduction before the 1961 case of Betty and Barney Hill .
Now , they ’re commonplace ( not abductions mind you , reports of abductions ) .
A new monster ( or at least a new monster behavior ) was created with the Hills .
So I wonder if we could create yet another new monster .
It would have to lurk in dark , deserted places .
It would have to be illusive , crafty and sly .
And it should probably be scary .
The funny thing is … I ca n’t think of anything new .
Every idea that pops into my head has been done already .
Maybe you can help .
Think of something that might be lurking near your home , making sure it fits all the criteria above , and post it in the comments .
Who knows … maybe it will become something people believe in 20 years from now .
And I 'll bet when you come forward to admit it , you 'll be dismissed .
7/15/2009 | Phil Ciciora , Education Editor | 217-333-2177 ; pciciora@illinois.edu
CHAMPAIGN , Ill . –
A market - based approach to increasing school choice actually leads to fewer educational opportunities , particularly for disadvantaged students in urban areas , according to a University of Illinois expert in education .
As schools compete for students to improve their market position , the demands of the market often trump specific educational policy goals such as increased equality and access to better - performing schools , according to Christopher Lubienski , a professor of educational organization and leadership at the U. of I. College of Education and primary author of the study published in the August issue of the American Journal of Education .
The study examined school options in three major metropolitan areas .
“ When there ’s competitive incentives for schools to recruit students , new market hierarchies form , ” Lubienski said .
“ Some schools consciously avoid riskier students because they see themselves as up - market , and therefore serve a more up - market clientele .
That leaves riskier students marginalized and excluded from the better schools . ”
Lubienski said free - marketers have been touting school choice and markets in education for years as a way to level the socio- economic playing field .
School choice was seen as a way of cutting across boundaries , of opening up private schools to students who ordinarily could n’t afford tuition or did n’t live in wealthy districts .
Competition for students was expected to generate greater educational opportunities , leading to more equitable access for students across varied , and often segregated , urban areas .
But now , according to Lubienski , there ’s evidence to question “ this notion of an open market leveling the playing field . ”
Market - based educational policies , he said , despite being implemented to alleviate social injustice in education , are actually helping to exacerbate inequality and erect further barriers for poorer students .
“ We ’re seeing some evidence that schools are changing their behaviors in undesirable ways , as far as only serving specific populations and avoiding those other students who would be seen as a drag on that school ’s reputation , ” Lubienski said .
To study the effects of markets on school choice , Lubienski and co-authors Charisse Gulosino , a professor at Brown University , and Peter Weitzel , a graduate student at Illinois , conducted geo-spatial analyses of education markets in Detroit , New Orleans and Washington , D.C .
On paper , Lubienski said , the cities are very different , “ but they ’re probably the most competitive urban markets in terms of school choice , ” he said .
“ Unlike in , say , Des Moines , where people seem to accept the idea of a neighborhood school , parents in these cities expect to be able to choose from different options , so the schools there really do have to compete with each other to attract students . ”
All three cases showed that schools embraced patterns of exclusionary strategies to enhance market position , Lubienski said , including employing a ringing strategy where new and independent schools do n’t serve high - need areas , but instead remain on the periphery .
“ That allows schools to target and recruit better students , rather than produce them , ” he said .
“ It ’s a strategy where they can still serve disadvantaged students , but they ’re only serving the disadvantaged students who have the most active families from that sub-group . ”
Another tactic is putting money into marketing at the expense of improving the curriculum .
“ It ’s easier to put out advertisements and make it appear as if your school is one thing , rather than change what ’s actually happening in the school , which history has shown us is a very difficult thing to do , ” Lubienski said .
In New Orleans , which Lubienski describes as a “ near - universal choice city – about as close as we can get to a true experiment in market - based education ” – the lack of a public school system has amplified the problems of relying on the invisible hand of a self - regulating market .
“ Lots of cities have charter schools and voucher programs , but there ’s usually a pretty strong public school system that ’s still the big player in the room and acts as a buffer , ” Lubienski said .
“ But after Hurricane Katrina , New Orleans really wiped the slate clean by firing all the teachers in the city and starting over with all the charter schools . ”
The brute - force application of markets to schools does n’t seem to be having the effect that school - choice advocates expected because education is “ too fragmented to be a true market , ” Lubienski said , and schools “ are n’t responding the way free - marketers assumed they would . ”
“ The generic model for markets in education just does n’t seem to be working , ” he said .
MMORPG Scheduled for Simultaneous Global Release on the PLAYSTATION 3 and Windows
LOS ANGELES ( June 2 , 2009 ) — Square Enix Co. , Ltd. ( Square Enix ) , announced that FINAL FANTASY XIV , an all new massively - multiplayer role - playing game ( MMORPG ) , is planned for simultaneous global release with language support in Japanese , English , French and German .
Adventure begins anew in the vast realm of Eorzea !
More information on FINAL FANTASY XIV can be found at http://www.finalfantasyxiv.com/.
About FINAL FANTASY XIV
Platforms : PLAYSTATION®3 & Windows ®
* Details on required PC specifications to be announced at a later date
Languages : Japanese , English , German , French ( simultaneous release )
Genre : MMORPG
Release : 2010
MSRP : TBD
ESRB : RP ( Rating Pending )
Copyright : © SQUARE ENIX CO. , LTD .
All Rights Reserved .
Producer : Hiromichi Tanaka ( FINAL FANTASY I , II , III , XI )
Director : Nobuaki Komoto ( FINAL FANTASY IX , XI )
Art Director : Akihiko Yoshida ( Vagrant Story® , FINAL FANTASY XII )
Music : Nobuo Uematsu of SMILE PLEASE ( FINAL FANTASY series )
About Square Enix Co. , Ltd. and Square Enix , Inc .
Square Enix Co. , Ltd. ( Square Enix ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Square Enix Holdings Co. , Ltd. , with headquarters in Tokyo , Japan , develops , publishes and distributes entertainment content including interactive entertainment software and publications in Asia , North America and Europe .
Square Enix brings two of Japan 's best - selling franchises &mdash FINAL FANTASY , which has sold over 85 million units worldwide , and DRAGON QUEST® , which has sold over 47 million units worldwide &mdash under one roof .
Square Enix is one of the most influential providers of digital entertainment content in the world and continues to push the boundaries of creativity and innovation .
Square Enix , Inc. is a wholly - owned subsidiary of Square Enix Holdings Co. , Ltd. with offices in Los Angeles , California .
It handles operations in North America , including development , localization , marketing and publishing of Square Enix titles .
More information on Square Enix can be found on the Internet at http://www.square-enix.com.
DRAGON QUEST , FINAL FANTASY , SQUARE ENIX and the SQUARE ENIX logo are registered trademarks of Square Enix Holdings Co. , Ltd. in the United States and / or other countries .
VAGRANT STORY is a registered trademark or trademark of Square Enix Co. , Ltd. in the United States and / or other countries .
“ PlayStation ” and the “ PS ” Family logo are registered trademarks and “ PS3 ” is a trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Microsoft , Xbox , Xbox 360 , Xbox LIVE and the Xbox logos are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies and are used under license from Microsoft .
You can buy a bottle a bottle of Malaria - infested water , as well as well as many other potentially fatal diseases at vending machines across Manhattan , New York .
UNICEF has devised a very original way of raising awareness to the water problem millions of people across the globe are facing every day .
The Dirty Water campaign gives people the chance to buy a bottle of disease - infected water , other people are forced to drink on a daily basis .
The water - bottles are kept in vending machines across Manhattan and can be purchased for $ 1 each .
Of course , the water is n’t really poisoned , but it does look very dirty .
The campaign has been very successful so far , exceeding all expectations .
Passers - by are encouraged to make a donation through the vending machines , by SMS or online .
Here ’s what is written on the Dirty Water vending machines :
“ Thirsty ?
So are millions of people around the world with no access to clean drinking water .
4,200 children die of water - related diseases everyday .
Help provide safe drinking water to developing countries .
Donate today .
You would n’t drink dirty water .
No one should .
Donate now by texting TAP to 864233 ( UNICEF ) or visit tapproject.org .
Just a dollar provides a child with 40 days of clean drinking water . ”
photos via Ochevidec
Hamish Hamilton says The Pale King is 'as good as Infinite Jest ' and will publish it in 2010
The late David Foster Wallace 's unfinished final novel , The Pale King , is set for publication in the UK next year following an intensely contested auction between six British publishers .
Foster Wallace , author of the virtuosic , 1,000 - page masterpiece Infinite Jest , killed himself last September following a long depression .
His wife discovered piles of a manuscript for the novel Foster Wallace had described as the " Long Thing " in their garage , and detailed structural outlines have subsequently come to light .
" I think it 's as good as Infinite Jest .
I 'm really , really blown away by what I 've read , " said Simon Prosser , publishing director of Penguin imprint Hamish Hamilton , who won the battle for UK rights .
" It 's absolutely incredible .
The level of writing is so high .
It 's just so tremendously sad that he did n't realise how close he was to what he wanted to achieve . "
Always critical of his own work , Foster Wallace struggled to write The Pale King , corresponding with Jonathan Franzen and Don DeLillo about his worries , telling Franzen that in order to complete it he would have to write " a 5,000 page manuscript and then winnow it by 90 % , the very idea of which makes something in me wither and get really
interested in my cuticle , or the angle of the light outside " .
He compared writing it to " trying to carry a sheet of plywood in a windstorm " , his longterm editor Michael Pietsch told the New Yorker .
Set in an Internal Revenue Service tax centre , starring one David Wallace , it focuses on the lives of the IRS employees and how they deal with the boredom of their jobs ; he aimed " to be emotionally engaging and to write about boredom while being entertaining and to show the world what it was to be a human being " , said Penguin in a statement this morning .
" He actually went to work [ at the IRS ] for a bit , " said Prosser , who described the book as " bold , ambitious , original , moving , funny " .
" His challenge was to write about something so big you could hardly comprehend it – a world of mind - numbingly boring work .
There 's an amazing preface in which he talks about how he wants you to read the book ... he tells us that ' the very last thing this book is is some kind of clever metafictional titty - pincher ' . "
Penguin will publish next spring , said Prosser , who was adamant that although the work is unfinished , nothing would be added to it .
" You 'll get literally 50 pages of a perfect section , then a note to himself saying ' insert X here ' .
In a lot of cases , the X exists , but there will be some parts that do n't .
The challenge will be to remain as true as possible to what is there , " he said .
" Personally I think that if ' notes to self ' are included , it 'll be fine .
We 'll obviously present it as an unfinished novel – he himself thought he had n't finished it .
What 's so tragic is that he did n't realise how close he was . "
As well as 1996's Infinite Jest , described by DeLillo as a " three - stage rocket to the future " , Foster Wallace was the author of another novel , The Broom of the System ( 1987 ) , and collections of short stories and essays .
" You could smell the ozone from the crackling precision of his sentence structure , " Franzen said at a memorial service for the author last October .
Apple 's lawyers , led by David L. Hayes of Fenwick & West LLP , claimed in comments submitted to the US Copyright Office that the Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) system on the iPhone is necessary to combat drug dealers , safeguard the cell phone network , and prevent you from hurting yourself .
They submitted these comments in response to the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's request that users be able to " jailbreak " their iPhones -- which means circumventing Apple 's DRM system so that they can install their own applications , just like you can do on any other computer and many other cell phones already .
Apple seems to have missed that last part -- just like you can do on any other computer and many other cell phones already .
Instead , they claim that users removing the DRM system are criminals , who should be prosecuted .
They say that if you can modify your own phone -- as in , if you install an application from anyone but Apple -- you might deliberately bring down the whole cell network or make anonymous phone calls to arrange drug deals .
You might also break your phone .
I already have a phone that lets me do the kinds of things Apple is talking about .
It 's nearly all free software -- the source code lives in plain view in places like here and here , if you want to see it .
Some of my friends use this software on their phones .
None of this software is completely free yet , but it 's free in the ways that Apple claims are threatening , and it does n't have DRM .
Please do n't follow those links if you 're a malicious person ( or a drug dealer ) .
Certainly do n't look at this one .
I and many other users already have the freedoms that Apple is trying to destroy .
We have these freedoms because software authors other than Apple are willing to share their work and encourage other users and authors to tinker with it .
And thankfully , the anti-circumvention provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , which give DRM its legal teeth , have so far failed to stamp out innovation even in the case of restrictions like Apple's .
This means that appealing to copyright law to stop any sort of malicious action is completely disingenuous .
If my friend 's fourteen - year - old brother can jailbreak his dad 's iPhone , I 'm pretty sure Al - Qaeda can figure it out , no matter what the Copyright Office decides .
But Apple is n't concerned with your safety or security anyway .
They are concerned with their profits .
On the iPhone , even programs offered at no charge by people who would voluntarily let you copy their work as many times as you want , that only do something local on your own phone , without accessing the network , are restricted by DRM .
What does that have to do with network security , or copyright ?
As expert Bruce Schneier says , with iPhone , " security " is code for " control " .
The real reason for DRM on the iPhone is exactly what he says it is :
Control allows a company to limit competition for ancillary products .
With Mac computers , anyone can sell software that does anything .
But Apple gets to decide who can sell what on the iPhone .
It can foster competition when it wants , and reserve itself a monopoly position when it wants .
And it can dictate terms to any company that wants to sell iPhone software and accessories .
Apple claims throughout their comments that if users can modify their devices , they might break them .
They say , " The modifications to the bootloader and the OS made to jailbreak a phone result in those programs being used in ways that were never envisioned in their creation . "
Yes , that 's called innovation , and creativity .
It is true that when you tinker with things you can break them .
While I appreciate Apple 's apparent concern for my well - being , I would request that they leave those decisions and their consequences to me .
I 've lived most of my life with a computer that I can tinker with , and while it leads to endless hours of frustration , it 's also the way I and many other people learn how machines and software work .
People that do n't want to tinker do n't have to -- but who thinks that all tinkering , or any meaningful kind of user freedom , must be made illegal to protect people from hurting themselves ?
Apple is right in another regard -- such freedom does come with some social ills .
For example , big companies that engage in socially destructive unethical behaviors .
It also comes with the reality that individuals will sometimes do violent and destructive things .
But we do n't respond to those threats by abandoning individual freedom , and we certainly do n't respond to them by investing the authority to decide the limits of individual freedom in a single company through their proprietary code .
If we do n't choose freedom over fear in this situation , then we have a whole lot more to rethink than just DMCA exemptions .
Ironically , if we had followed Apple 's advice and failed to choose freedom in the past , the iPhone and their OS X operating system might not have even been possible .
Flip through the licensing section of the iPhone 's software .
You will find numerous free software licenses .
The iPhone is built on a core of free software .
It is built using programs that were later modified by people around the world in " ways that were never envisioned in their creation , " which have now had their freedoms stripped away by Apple .
This is a company happy to profit from the free software made available by others , and from the creative , innovative process engendered by software freedom and DRM - free computers , which now wants to kick the ladder away to prevent anyone else from doing the same .
How is any kid supposed to learn to be a programmer if she can't install her own programs on her own phone ?
How is the next Knuth supposed to make computer science breakthroughs if he or she can't have access to a computer that will let itself be programmed ?
Greed like Apple's , which will stoop to the lowest kinds of threats to justify crippling everyone else 's potential , is the threat to our fundamental security that we should be worried about .
But you know what ?
I agree with Apple .
Do n't jailbreak your iPhone .
Do n't buy an iPhone at all .
Do n't give your money to a company that turns around and gives it to lawyers like Fenwick & West to lobby your government to restrict your freedom -- even if you can manage to ( rightfully ) claim your freedom back after completing the transaction with them .
Oh , and all this of course explains why you can't open the battery cover on your iPhone .
You might put a bomb in there !
You can help fight this nonsense by writing Tim Cook at tcook@apple.com and letting him know that you wo n't buy an iPhone because of its proprietary software and DRM -- and CC the DefectiveByDesign.org campaign at info@defectivebydesign.org .
Fanon
( Fan created content .
Distinct from hoaxes and parodies )
Simeon Hobbes , or @simeonhobbes , is the name of a fan - made Twitter account that first starting sending out messages ( or " tweets " ) on Friday , May 15 , 2009 at 7:47 am GMT / UTC , the day after the Lost season 5 finale .
A fan - made YouTube channel named " thelostexperience " posted a video titled " Who is Simeon Hobbes ? " , containing a Morse code audio message which led people to various other websites .
Simeon Hobbes seems to have stopped sending tweets , but the game has continued through the characters Epithet Alpha and Elliott Graves , as well as on websites other than Twitter .
The use of the Youtube channel " the lostexperience " ( created in may 2006 , soon after the official 2006 ARG started ) initially led many people to believe that it was the beginning of a new official ARG , while others were skeptical .
Several days after , " in light of the recent controversy and hijack attempts " the creator confirmed on his blog that " this ARG is unofficial " [ 1 ] .
On June 14th , 2009 " Simeon Hobbes " pulled the plug on his game , stating lack of time .
He posted a long summary of what the game would have been , and gave several excuses on why he could n't finish it .
Contrary to previous statements , the game was much more " LOST " related then first let on , and significantly attempted to tell back story from the show that was non-canon . [ 2 ]
Contents show ]
Summary
Simeon Hobbes
Initially the Simeon Hobbes account posted cryptic messages and quotes with vague references to characters and elements of Lost , particularly Jacob .
It started following other Twitter accounts that had recently mentioned Lost , prompting them to search for more information .
This led players to the YouTube video entitled " Who is Simeon Hobbes ? , " which featured a video with a Morse code message , and an image of the constellation Cygnus , which is Latin for Swan .
" Who is Simeon Hobbes ? "
When translated , this message was found to say " I AM THE BENNU BIRD , THE HEART - SOUL OF RA , THE GUIDE OF THE GODS TO THE TUAT . "
This is a line from the Egyptian Book of the Dead , a description of the ancient Egyptian conception of the afterlife .
Epithet Alpha
Searching for the " I AM THE BENNU BIRD ... " quote on Twitter led players to another character , Epithet Alpha .
Epithet Alpha then posted a Base64 message which translated to " And With This Fire I Purify , " which when searched on Google , led to another YouTube video with that phrase as its title .
The video featured a black background with the text " THERE IS NOTHING THAT CAN SAVE US NOW , " which inverted to white towards the end .
The audio in the video was a repetition of the Czech words Dva ( Two ) and Sedm ( Seven ) .
When these numbers were replaced with 1 and 0 , and the sequence was translated in Binary , they spelled out the phrase " DM Know Thyself . "
" And With This Fire I Purify "
" DM Know Thyself " was a prompt for players to direct message Epithet Alpha the passphrase " Know Thyself , " which returned the message " Are you a candidate ?
Await further instructions May 18 . "
However , on May 18 , the account was " hacked " by the character Aidoneus , who warned players that " being a ' candidate ' means ' the end . ' "
Elliott Graves
On May 18 , shortly after the Epithet Alpha account was " hacked , " a character named Elliott Graves posted a message to Simeon Hobbes that said " You have n't exactly changed much over the years , have you ? "
This , coupled with his avatar ( the number 27 , like the numbers used in the Binary video ) , prompted players to begin following him .
His account linked to a blog [ 3 ] , which conveyed a story about how every generation of his family , starting with his great - grandfather , had disappeared at the age of 27 .
Elliott 's brother , an employee of Widmore Industries , had also disappeared at this age , and when trying to investigate what happened to him and the other members of his family , he began to realize that all the evidence he found linked back to someone named Simeon Hobbes .
Elliott also noted that he was going to turn 27 in 2 months , and hoped to solve his family 's mystery before his birthday .
Later , on May 19 , Elliott posted another blog [ 4 ] , where he claimed to be an employee of Ajira Airways .
He also posted scans of glyphs he claimed to have found in his brother 's wastepaper basket , and a " key " to translate them which he found in his father 's college binder .
Both mentioned Simeon Hobbes , so Elliott enlisted the help of players to decode the message , which presented a problem because the key only translated certain names ( Adomis , Jacob , Phoenix , and Apollo ) .
However , when reversed , the key revealed a complete message :
“ Nathaniel , Your fath [ th ] er meant a great deal to us , and we are honored you wish to follow in his foots [ t ] eps .
When Adomis told me what you could do , I knew you were a perfect candidate .
However , the road ahead is long .
You may be a good person in my eyes , but Jacob is much harder to please .
Initiation into our order is an old and sacred process , and not the easiest thing to endure .
Your first goal is to find the Phoenix .
He will ask you to recite Apollo ’s creed , and if you answer correctly , he will give you a test .
Th[i ]s test is painful and deeply person [ a]l , so be prepared .
This is where most peopl[e ] fail .
Everything from then on will have to remain a secret .
I wish you luck , and hope to count you among our number soon .
Simeon Hobbes ”
The letters in bold were spelling mistakes , which Elliott noted spelled out the words " I. Theta , " which was apparently a classified project his brother was working on for Widmore Construction .
Later that day , Elliott posted another blog [ [ 5 ] , featuring a scanned correspondence letter between his brother and an employee of Widmore Construction named Thomas Levi .
The letter revealed that the I .
Theta project involved finding a building site for a reactor , and that they were having trouble finding the proper place due to " EM fluctuations " in certain areas , and other locations being " too open to the public . "
The letter also discussed scientists engaging in electromagnetic experiments , which would allow them to " once again be on the cutting - edge of science . "
It also stated that " once we can harness this kind of energy , nobody will be able to stop us .
The possibilities are endless . "
Further , the letter mentioned a pamphlet , apparently for an event Elliott 's brother and Thomas Levi were going to attend .
Prompted by players to find the pamphlet , Elliott called Thomas Levi , who told him that they did indeed attend the event , which was called " Mind=Matter . "
Elliott then found the pamphlet and posted it on May 22 [ 6 ] , revealing an " outreach seminar " hosted by the Hanso Foundation and a group calling itself the 8th Spoke .
The event was apparently held in Ann Arbor at the DeGroot Memorial Hall and the University of Michigan between July 29 and 30 in 2006 , and dealt with a variety subjects , including remote viewing , life extension , electromagnetism , time travel , and Egyptian mythology .
Also referenced were a Geronimo Jackson cover band called Magna Carta , a local band called Ursus Maritimus , as well as beverage providers Nozz - a - La and Slusho !.
Later on , players discovered a website for the 8th Spoke [ 7 ] , a " Michigan - based group of families dedicated to the pursuit of scientific truth . "
Their biography states that they trace their roots back to the 1960s , to the campuses of the University of Michigan , and that their earliest members " met in each other 's homes , shared their work , and quickly became a tight - knit community of free - thinkers , friends and peers . "
It also mentions that in the early 1970s " this community had become an established fixture of the University , thanks to the imagination of doctoral candidates Gerald and Karen DeGroot , and in part to the financial aid of The Hanso Foundation . "
However , due to the attention they received as a result , the members of their community dispersed .
The 8th Spoke is thus a group of those who " remained behind , " and was established in the 1980s to continue the original community 's research .
Clicking on the " news archive " [ 8 ] link on the 8th Spoke 's website initially led to a message from the hacker Aidoneus , telling players to return there at 9:27 PM on May 22 .
Returning there at that time revealed an image of the Antikythera mechanism , an ancient device from 150 - 100 BC which was able to calculate astronomical positions .
Hidden in the source code were the words " Persephone " and " Hades , " which led to pages featuring an image of a pomegranate with six missing seeds [ 9 ] , and an image from an ancient Greek vase depicting Hades offering Persephone pomegranate seeds [ 10 ] .
This was based on a myth , in which Hades kidnapped Persephone , and forced her to stay with him for half a year by tricking her into consuming food from the underworld .
This was the ancient Greek explanation for summer and winter , which prompted players to search out pages with the names of those seasons on the website [ 11 ] [ 12 ] .
Those pages led to images featuring messages between individuals named Alexander and Adam , who seem to be discussing what to do with Elliott 's brother .
Ominously , when Adam asks Alexander what they should do if they 've made a mistake in kidnapping him , Alexander replies , " Kill him . "
Also found amongst these messages were pieces of an image of the white rabbit from Alice in Wonderland , which led players to the " rabbit hole " page [ 13 ] , which displayed a message to Elliott from Aidoneus .
In it , Aidoneus warns Elliott that searching for his brother is dangerous , that he can help him but cannot guarantee he will survive , and that the 8th Spoke are not what they appear to be .
The following day , on May 23 , Elliott posted a blog [ 14 ] debating whether he should give up upon hearing the news that his brother may be dead , but instead goes to Ann Arbor to see if he can find any information on the 8th Spoke .
He comes back empty - handed , but speculates whether they have any connection to Thomas Werner Mittelwerk , as the Hanso Foundation cut off all ties with them after Alvar Hanso became CEO again in 2006 .
He then decides to ally himself with Aidoneus reluctantly , fearing he may be walking into a trap , but accepting that he has no other leads .
Following this , a hidden link became available , leading players to a page called " existence , " [ 15 ] displaying a Hanso " Certificate of Recognition , " addressed to Alexander Berne , and signed by Peter Thompson .
The certificate names Berne as " Director of Scientific Research , " and honors him for 30 years of service , " a lifetime of hard work , and devotion to truth . "
Overlaid over it was the text " '30 long years . '
When Alexander Berne died , he had been under the Hanso Foundation 's employ for 28 years .
Where did the other two come from ? "
Clicking on this certificate brought players to a page entitled " there 's a light in the darkness , " [ 16 ] featuring a series of hieroglyphs , which when translated using Elliott 's father 's key , spelled out " WASTE . "
Clicking the hieroglyphs for W , A , T and E brought players to a series of quotes from the Iliad , while the S brought them back to the homepage .
Each of the Iliad pages formed a puzzle , with certain letters being grayed out , some in the first row being red in color , and others next to those with a dot beneath them .
The grayed out letters spelled out the names of books featured on the 8th Spoke homepage 's " Bi-Monthly Book Club , " while the red letters signified a specific word in those posts , and the dots a letter in those words .
Altogether they spelled out the word " disintegrate , " which when used as an URL , brought players to a page with a grid . [ 17 ]
This grid contained a series of white numbers , while the bottom row was red .
Converting the numbers to their corresponding letters , players noticed that each one in turn corresponded to the first letter of each word following the red letters on the aforementioned Iliad pages .
However , since the grid was 11x11 , some words in longer sentences were unaccounted for .
These words were represented in the bottom row of red letters , but still , four words were missing : " but , " " their , " " weapons " and " did . "
Putting these words together into a URL brought players to a page entitled " but their weapons did not avail them . " [ 18 ]
This page contained a page from a book entitled " In Search of the Black Rock , " apparently a book documenting the disappearance of the trading ship .
Its author discusses his attempts to study the Black Rock ledger , and failure to do so when the Hanso estate refuses to respond to his inquiries .
He is forced to seek the help of conspiracy theorists , like DJ Dan , who points him in the direction of Usenet posts on the topic .
One of these posts was made by someone calling themselves HadesAidoneus27 , who in 1998 claimed to have hacked into the Hanso Foundation 's archives and transcribed from scans the text of the ledger .
This text appears to document the crew of the Black Rock 's struggles after landing on the Island , with Magnus Hanso leading a crew of 12 men to the statue , only to be struck with a sudden illness , and later attacked by " savages , clad all in black . "
The text concludes with the crew retreating back to their camp , one of them staying behind , and the others returning to the ship to bury Magnus " below the prow . "
In the source code of this page was a code , with some pointing to numbers on the grid , and others lines and letters from the book excerpt .
Altogether these spelled out the word " breakthrough , " which led to another page , [ 19 ] featuring the title XIII and a series of Roman numerals .
When these numerals were converted to letters and decoded using a ROT13 cipher , they led to the e-mail address " aidoneus.unseen@gmail.com . "
Sending an e-mail to this address returned an auto - reply with " Greco " in the subject line and " Veritas " in the body .
Since Aletheia is the Greek equivalent of Veritas , players tried this as a URL on the website , which led to a message from Aidoneus . [ 20 ]
This message mentions that Alexander Berne " died " in 2007 , but since Aidoneus has a " man inside the 8th Spoke , " he can verify that he faked his death , presumably because he aided in the manufacture of the virus Thomas Mittlewerk almost released in Sri Lanka .
However , since Berne has connections to powerful people , acting on this information is impossible .
He goes on to tell Elliott that his brother is still alive , but his further safety cannot be guaranteed , unless the 8th Spoke is brought down .
Finally he states that the members of the 8th Spoke have been driven underground , but have recently been seen taking ground samples from a town called St. Ignace in Michigan .
He goes on to ask Elliott whether any of his brother 's documents mentions that .
Authenticity
As the original " Who is Simeon Hobbes ? " video was hosted on a YouTube channel called " thelostexperience , " some initially assumed that this was the start of an official ARG .
However , this was later confirmed not to be the case by both ABC Media Relations [ 21 ] and the creator of the ARG themselves [ 22 ] :
“ In response to the recent news that this ARG is unofficial , I will confirm it .
I do this with great reluctance because “ TINAG ” is one of the most important rules of the genre , and a Puppetmaster never likes coming out from behind the curtain , even when his legitimacy is called into question .
But I felt the need to address it in light of the recent controversy and hijack attempts , because I do n’t like the word “ hoax . ”
Playing an unofficial ARG inspired by an official property may be considered a waste of time to those only hoping for the real deal , so to them , I apologize and say farewell .
But the truth is that I never envisioned this to be a hoax or a waste of time , at least in the sense that I planned quite a bit out ahead of time and did it because of a genuine love for the ARG medium and the epic story that is LOST .
I did n’t do this for the laughs .
So on that note , “ WISH ? ” will be continuing .
Whether it continues with 20 people or 200 people in light of this recent news does n’t matter to me , as we ’re going to help Elliott find his brother regardless .
But in order to distance ourselves the controversy , and leave the way open for a possible official ARG revelation at Comic - Con , please refrain from using the #lostarg hashtag on Twitter .
# simeonhobbes will do , in order to prevent any confusion .
So there you go .
Hopefully this post put an end to a lot of the confusion . ”
" Hijack " Attempts
As is common in ARGs , other people have attempted to " hijack " the game by introducing false leads , a phenomenon called " gamejacking . "
The creators of the game have attempted to distance themselves from these people , by introducing a " Watching " section on the game 's main blog , featuring the only links deemed " relevant " to the progress of the story [ 23 ] .
Below is a list of confirmed " gamejackers " and related websites :
Twitter Accounts
YouTube Accounts
Websites
Trivia
The name Simeon is derived from the biblical Simeon , second son of Jacob and Leah and half - brother to Benjamin .
Simeon is a homophone of the word " simian " , meaning ape .
Thomas Hobbes ( 5 April 1588 – 4 December 1679 ) was an English philosopher , remembered today for his work on political philosophy .
His account of human nature as self - interested cooperation has proved to be an enduring theory in the field of philosophical anthropology .
( 5 April 1588 – 4 December 1679 ) was an English philosopher , remembered today for his work on political philosophy .
His account of human nature as self - interested cooperation has proved to be an enduring theory in the field of philosophical anthropology .
In Greek mythology , the Oneiroi were the brothers ( according to Hesiod ) or sons ( according to Ovid ) of Hypnos , the god of sleep .
They were personifications of dreams — black - winged daemons — and were said to live on the shores of the Ocean in the far West , in a cavern near the border of Hades .
The gods sent dreams to mortals from one of two gates located there : true dreams emerged from a gate made of horn , whereas false dreams threaded their way from a gate fashioned of ivory .
were the brothers ( according to Hesiod ) or sons ( according to Ovid ) of Hypnos , the god of sleep .
They were personifications of dreams — black - winged daemons — and were said to live on the shores of the Ocean in the far West , in a cavern near the border of Hades .
The gods sent dreams to mortals from one of two gates located there : true dreams emerged from a gate made of horn , whereas false dreams threaded their way from a gate fashioned of ivory .
Early April 2009 the IMDB - site for a while showed a supposedly uncredited role for Matthew Perry in " The Incident , Part 1 " , starring as George Hobbes .
This later proved to be a hoax . [ 24 ]
" , starring as .
This later proved to be a hoax . [ 24 ]
The carnival - like Festival of Bast is described by Herodotus as being the greatest one in Egypt , with 700,000 people taking part .
It took place in April or May . [ 25 ]
is described by Herodotus as being the greatest one in Egypt , with 700,000 people taking part .
It took place in April or May . [ 25 ]
The Eye of Horus on Simeon Hobbes ' Twitter profile is an ancient Egyptian symbol of protection and royal power from deities , in this case from Horus or Ra .
In the Egyptian language , the word for this symbol was " Wedjat " .
It was the eye of one of the earliest of Egyptian deities , Wadjet , who later became associated with Bast , Mut , and Hathor as well .
Wedjat was a solar deity and this symbol began as her eye , an all seeing eye .
, Mut , and Hathor as well .
Wedjat was a solar deity and this symbol began as her eye , an all seeing eye .
The painting in the background of Simeon Hobbes ' Twitter account is of Atropos ( The Fates ) , an oil painting by Spanish painter and printmaker Francisco Goya ( 1746–1828 ) .
It depicts the three Moirae of Greek mythology .
It is believed that the duty of these Moirae were weaving , measuring , and cutting the threads of life .
We see Jacob partaking in a similar task at the beginning of " The Incident , Part 1 " .
, an oil painting by Spanish painter and printmaker Francisco Goya ( 1746–1828 ) .
It depicts the three Moirae of Greek mythology .
It is believed that the duty of these Moirae were weaving , measuring , and cutting the threads of life .
We see Jacob partaking in a similar task at the beginning of " " .
The bennu bird serves as the Egyptian correspondence to the phoenix , and is said to be the soul of the Sun - God Ra .
serves as the Egyptian correspondence to the phoenix , and is said to be the soul of the Sun - God Ra .
The Tuat are indigenous Berber people in the north of Algeria ( in the Sahara ) .
Tuat is also an alternate name for the Egyptian Goddess Taweret , and for the Egyptian Underworld Duat .
Simeon 's location on Twitter is set as " Tunisia " , the same location as the Exit .
Aegocerus is an alternate name , an epithet , for the Greek god Pan .
Pan ( Greek Πάν , genitive Πανό ς ) , in Greek religion and mythology , is the companion of the nymphs , god of shepherds and flocks , of mountain wilds , hunting and rustic music .
He has the hindquarters , legs , and horns of a goat , in the same manner as a faun or satyr .
With his homeland in rustic Arcadia , he is recognized as the god of fields , groves , and wooded glens ; because of this , Pan is connected to fertility and the season of spring .
In Roman mythology , Pan 's counterpart was Faunus , a nature spirit .
In the 18th and 19th centuries , Pan became a significant figure in the romanticist movement of western Europe , and also in the 20th century Neopagan movement .
[ 26 ] " Simeon Hobbes " pulls the plug on his ' ARG '
In - Game Websites
Hezbollah ’s inability to win support outside its Shiite base , along with the poor showing of its Christian ally , Gen. Michel Aoun , leaves Sheik Nasrallah diminished and less able to drag Lebanon into another war with Israel .
He will play hardball , no doubt , in the negotiations over the next Lebanese government , and he retains the ability to take over downtown Beirut as he did in May 2008 .
But such displays of power were apparently the exact kind of thing that turned off swing voters  mostly Christians  and Hezbollah now uses them at its political peril .
Image Credit ... Matthew Hollister
We should not idealize Lebanon ’s election , nor its politics .
Most voters support only candidates from their own religious group , and the political talk is not of liberals and conservatives but of Armenians , Maronites , Druze , Shiites and Sunnis .
Some districts seem as permanently owned by one family as any “ rotten borough ” in 19th - century England .
Still , the election produced a consequential result : the majority of Lebanese have rejected Hezbollah ’s claim that it is not a terrorist group but a “ national resistance . ”
Unfortunately , Iran ’s election today presents the voters with no similar opportunity .
There is no chance for voters to register their opposition to the theocratic system or tell the ayatollahs to go back to the mosques .
The candidates have been carefully screened to exclude anyone opposed to the ruling clerical establishment ; each is part of the Islamic Revolution ’s old guard .
Nor is it likely that the votes will be fairly counted ; indeed most analysts concluded that the 2005 election was manipulated to produce Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s presidential victory .
Vote destruction and ballot stuffing are easy in a hidden process controlled by the Interior Ministry .
And if all else fails , the 12 - man Guardian Council has the power to throw out the results in districts where there were “ problems ”  problems like a reformist victory .
Voting in Iran is a contrivance for settling certain policy disputes and personal rivalries within the ruling elite .
Elections are not without meaning ; if Mr. Ahmadinejad loses , it may result in more sensible economic policies and fewer loud calls for the destruction of Israel .
But Iran does n’t hold elections for supreme leader 
Ayatollah Ali Khameini will hold that post for the indefinite future  and the failed presidency of Mohammad Khatami from 1997 to 2005 reminds us that the power of a putative reformist is illusory .
The Khatami years saw increased repression inside Iran , growing support for Hezbollah and Palestinian terrorist groups , and the covert construction of the uranium enrichment facility at Natanz .
This is going to make some Republican ( and conservadem ) heads explode :
WASHINGTON — Democrats on a key Senate Committee outlined a revised and far less costly health care plan Wednesday night that includes a government - run insurance option and an annual fee on employers who do not offer coverage to their workers .
The plan carries a 10 - year price tag of slightly over $ 600 billion , and would lead toward an estimated 97 percent of all Americans having coverage , according to the Congressional Budget Office , Sens. Edward M. Kennedy and Chris Dodd said in a letter to other members of the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee .
The AP obtained a copy .
The key thing to remember is that last time around , we were looking at a $ 1 trillion price tag over 10 years -- and millions without coverage .
This time we 're looking at $ 600 billion over 10 years and 97 % coverage .
What changed ?
Two things .
First , now the plan includes a public option , which is a far more cost effective way of expanding coverage than only subsidizing private insurance .
Second , it contains a funding mechanism requiring employers who do not provide health insurance to pay an annual fee for each uncovered employee .
Small businesses would be exempt from this fee .
Politically , this puts Republicans and Democratic opponents of the public option in a terrible position .
They can't argue that the public option is too expensive .
And they can't argue that it wo n't lower costs and expand coverage .
The only argument they have left is that private insurers wo n't be happy with the public option .
To the extent that argument sways opinion , it will sway opinion in our direction .
::
Update ( 8:20 AM ) -- President Obama 's comments on the new HELP legislation :
World Cup holders Germany golden again at FIFA Confederations Cup Russia 2017
Chile and Portugal win silver and bronze , respectively
Draxler , Werner and Bravo nab top individual prizes
The FIFA Confederations Cup Russia 2017 ended with a final that lived up to the expectations generated by the tournament .
Though Germany , who racked up more victories than any other side , lifted the trophy , the finest generation of players Chile has ever produced made them work for it .
La Roja enjoyed 61 per cent of possession in the final and had 21 attempts on the goal defended by Marc - Andre ter Stegen , the Budweiser Man of the Match .
With the dust having now settled on an absorbing final at the Saint Petersburg Stadium , FIFA.com brings you its tournament round - up .
The podium
1. Jack Kirby
Simply put , no artist had more of an influence on American comics this century than Jack Kirby .
The former Jacob Kurtzberg was a restless self - improver , a workaholic , and a veteran idea man who created an art style that was highly distinctive and a massive influence on the rest of the industry .
It ’s easy to forget that by the time he and Stan Lee transformed Marvel Comics into a culture - shifting powerhouse , he ’d already been in the business for more than 25 years .
Though Kirby is rightly remembered for the miracles he worked in superhero comics , with his exciting fight - staging , efficient storytelling , cosmic scope , and love of crackling energy and unthinkable technology , he also drew everything from sports comics to romance tales to Westerns .
Whether they embraced his style or deliberately forsook it , every comic artist for decades was defined by the lessons they learned from the man called “ The King Of Comics . ”
Constantly pushing himself further ( among other pioneering developments , he was one of the first comics artists to incorporate collage and photographic backgrounds into his work ) , Kirby ’s value to the medium is incalculable .
The modern comics industry simply would n’t be the same without him .
Advertisement
2. Steve Ditko
Stan Lee may have introduced adolescent angst to the superhero genre ( he certainly claims he did ) , but it took Steve Ditko to create a hero whose civilian life was as compelling as his crime fighting .
In addition to designing the famous red-and - blue Spidey suit that debuted in 1962 ’s Amazing Fantasy # 15 , Ditko created a world around Spider - Man that was n’t the mythical Metropolis or Gotham , but a recognizable version of New York , a city whose towering skyscrapers loomed as implacably over Peter Parker as they did over any other mild - mannered teen .
He also worked the fantastic end of the spectrum on Dr. Strange , introducing the character of Eternity , a cosmic personification of the universe whose body was an outline filled with galaxies .
( No wonder the acidheads who tripped to 2001 took him , apparently incorrectly , for a fellow stoner . )
The famously press-averse Ditko , who might be the comics world ’s right - wing answer to Chris Marker , has never detailed his reasons for splitting with Marvel — a dispute over the profits from his creations is a plausible surmise — but the books that followed were heavily influenced by his conversion to Randian Objectivism , whose two - tone morality spawned the speechifying vigilante The Question , the explicit inspiration for Watchmen ’s Rorschach .
In recent decades , the elusive artist has largely been dormant , although he ’s returned to comics several times , most recently in 2008 .
Advertisement
3. George Pérez
The 1980s ushered in a new Golden Age of superhero comics , and no one did more to define their look and style than George Pérez .
After a wobbly start ( his early work bore a too - obvious debt to Jack Kirby ) , he fully came into his own when he became the regular artist for Marvel ’s The Avengers .
An industry star at 26 , he accepted an offer from DC to work with Marv Wolfman on The New Teen Titans , and from there , they paired for the first big “ event ” comic , Crisis On Infinite Earths .
In these two books , the elements that made Pérez such a fan favorite became clearest to the eye :
His was a vivid world , with detailed costume work , glittering metal , elaborate technology , and dynamic musculature — but with the rough edges of his idol Kirby polished into ultra-clean lines , fresh and colorful surroundings , and a penchant for group shots .
He had his flaws — in particular , the tendency to draw everyone with the same face , as Crisis # 5 shows .
He was so technically flawless as to seem somewhat soulless .
But Pérez did more than anyone to formalize what modern superheroes were “ supposed ” to look like .
Advertisement
4. Alex Ross
Unassuming , modest Alex Ross — still a young man in spite of being one of the most recognizable names in comics — became a superstar artist at a time when many thought that concept was a thing of the past .
His visual trademarks ( many learned from his mother , a commercial artist ) are instantly recognizable : photorealistic drawing finished with painted colors , iconic poses , and a Norman - Rockwell - meets - George - Pérez vibe that grabbed a lot of fans in the 1990s .
Ross became one of the richest men in the business , and sparked interest in the comics medium from new fans , which is a wonderful thing ; he ’s also a flawless draughtsman , and ca n’t be slighted for his innovative painting style .
But as an artist , Ross has been less than the figure of perfection his fans often champion .
He ’s a pioneer of the dull , unimaginative craze for giving superheroes celebrity faces , and with his shaky layouts and mediocre visual storytelling , he almost seems more interested in product design than comics art — his most celebrated pieces are excessively posed single - shot images .
He ’s an impeccable craftsman , to be sure , but do people really want their superheroes to look more realistic ?
Advertisement
5. Mike Mignola
Starting out as a talented but not exceptional penciler for DC Comics in the 1980s , Mike Mignola made the risky choice in the early ’90s to jump ship to Dark Horse Comics and sink everything he had into Hellboy , a character of his own creation .
The result was not only a huge commercial success —
Hellboy was the most popular independent title of the era , next to Spawn — but highly influential .
As he let his imagination run rampant , his artwork grew darker , more experimental , and more daring : abstract backgrounds , rough faces , exaggerated anatomy , and impenetrable pools of shadow became his hallmarks .
Though he ’s spawned an unpleasantly large number of inferior imitators , Mignola has continued to refine and improve this moody , dreamlike feel , and has passed it on to a hand - picked successor , Duncan Fegredo .
Mignola ’s dark , spooky art set off one of the major revolutions in 1990s comics — and one of the few worth preserving .
Advertisement
6. Carmine Infantino
Carmine Infantino is one of the less celebrated artists of comics ’
Silver Age , but it ’s hard to figure out why .
His personal style is n’t for everyone — his angular , jutting bodies and meaty Curt Swan - style faces turn some readers off — but there ’s no question that he was a massive influence on the way comics developed in the ’50s and ’60s .
Not only was he the editorial director of DC in the late ’ 60s ( a post he was offered to keep him from jumping ship to Marvel ) , he was also an incredibly forward - looking artist :
His work on the Adam Strange series incorporated forbidding alien landscapes that he drew under the influence of ancient Japanese art , and his years - long stint on The Flash found him making innovative use of speed lines , warping effects , and other visual shorthand that became standard operating procedures in the comic - book industry .
The echoes of his work can be found in almost every mainstream title on the market today .
Advertisement
7. Greg Land
Land was part of a wave of artists ( including Bryan Hitch and Gary Frank ) who came to prominence in the 2000s , notable for their intense expressions , exaggerated musculature , and “ widescreen ” storytelling sensibilities .
Ultimate Fantastic Four was Land ’s first big success , followed by Ultimate Power — but they also made him a controversial figure .
Using photographs as models is nothing new ; comics artists have been doing it for decades , and it ’s become even more common since the rise of the Internet .
But Land ’s layouts and poses were so distinctive — and so repetitive — that people began to get suspicious , and ultimately , Land was accused of lifting from hardcore pornography .
What ’s more , the details were so precise that some claimed that Land was n’t simply using the porn actors as body models ; he was lifting them into his pages outright and doing the bare minimum of work required with Photoshop to make it look like his own drawing .
( He has since admitted to using a great deal of photo sourcing , and to using porn as a common reference , but he denies outright stealing . )
The whole scandal raised difficult questions about the nature of “ original ” art in the digital era .
Advertisement
8. George Tuska
Pity poor George Tuska .
By all accounts a likeable , pleasant man , versatile and eager to please , he started out in the 1930s , and worked for every big publisher of the era , from Will Eisner to Lou Fine to Lev Gleason .
It ’s hard to find anyone who would say a bad word against him as a man .
But as an artist , his Silver Age work for Marvel Comics …
Well , it was n’t exactly bad ; Tuska was perfectly competent , and his art for titles like Iron Man and The Incredible Hulk is decent , though unspectacular .
But his drawing was so quickly assayed , and so essentially flavorless , that he became the King Of The Fill - In Issue , hopping in to provide bland , forgettable work whenever someone else blew a deadline .
He thus played an inadvertent part in setting up the Big Two ’s creed of speed over quality , and helped establish the Marvel house style , which nurtured some young artists , but acted as an artistic straitjacket for others .
A respectable journeyman , Tuska nonetheless played the fall guy for what would become an ugly , largely detrimental tendency from the 1960s until the birth of the miniseries in the ’ 80s .
Advertisement
9. Jim Lee
Possibly the best , and definitely the biggest , of the wave of Korean - American artists who came to prominence in the 1990s , Jim Lee is another good example of an artist whose work is problematic less for what it is than for what it represents .
Lee has worked on a dozen prominent titles since the late ’ 80s , from Uncanny X - Men for Marvel to Batman for DC to his own WildC.A.T.s for Image .
His visual style is immediately recognizable , with exaggerated muscle structure , keenly detailed costumes , and a thick , brusque line rooted in his choice of F lead , which creates a sense of chaos and energy .
However , while Lee himself has improved with age and is capable of reining in his worst tendencies when he wants to , his success led to the appearance of dozens of biters who sharked his style and rifled through his catalog for tricks and tips .
Lacking their inspiration ’s patience and talent , they possess only his surface qualities of busyness , thickness , and roughness of line , and texture at the expense of composition .
Lee is n’t not responsible for these bad imitators , but he has to swim in the same pool with them .
Advertisement
10 . Carl Barks
Other than Jack Kirby , no one has had more of a lasting influence on modern cartoon art than the late Carl Barks .
More responsible than anyone , up to and including Walt Disney , for the universally recognizable Disney look , Barks worked for the company in animation , comic books , and comic strips , establishing not only a visual style based on his mastery of simple form and rich facial expression , but also a storytelling style that helped establish everything from the character of the most famous Disney properties ( he created Duckburg and most of its characters ) to their style of humor .
His work is routinely cited as among the greatest the medium has yet produced , and in Europe , where there ’s less emphasis on superhero comics than in America , he ’s widely considered the most important comics artist the U.S. has ever produced .
Even in modern Disney animation , his presence can still be felt , in the clearly delineated pen lines and the rich colors that permeate every scene .
Not just the globally known
Disney style , but the whole field of funny - animal cartooning , owes its existence to Carl Barks above anyone else .
[ pagebreak ]
Advertisement
11 . Dan DeCarlo
The studio system in the comics industry takes a bad rap for its insistence on house style at the expense of developing young and idiosyncratic talents .
But the development of house styles had its advantages , and no one is a better example of that than Dan DeCarlo .
The creator of Millie The Model , Josie And The Pussycats , and Sabrina The Teenage Witch , DeCarlo also was the major force in standardizing the house style of Archie Comics .
Though nowhere near as successful as it was in the ’50s and ’60s , the Archie line is still a huge international publishing powerhouse , and much of its appeal remains rooted in DeCarlo ’s simple , clean lines and appealing , easy - to - recognize characters .
Readers — especially young women , a demographic that American comics once thought it worthwhile to pursue — could pick up any Archie book and know it would feature a particular look and style , and would be familiar and comfortable .
His elegant , easy linework went on to inspire generations of comics fans , including Jaime Hernandez , whose “ Locas ” strips are deeply influenced by DeCarlo ’s Archie work .
12 . Steve Rude
A virtual unknown when he teamed up with fellow Wisconsinite Mike Baron in the early 1980s , Steve “ The Dude ” Rude came upon the comics scene at just the right time .
His art style was gorgeous enough on its own — a blend of Jack Kirby ’s strong faces , Alex Toth ’s thick linework , the classical illustrations of Andrew Loomis , and his own exceptionally strong sense of pacing , timing , and design — but what really caught the attention of readers at the time was his use of “ realistic anatomy . ”
While Marvel and DC were turning all their characters into monstrous pituitary cases who looked like they ’d been abusing steroids in the crib , Rude toned everything down , portraying characters who were fit , but whose clothes did n’t cling to their abdominal muscles .
His men were beefy and rugged , not chiseled ; his women were ’50s curvy instead of ’ 80s emaciated ; and his combination of practical design and fantastic exaggeration made the many wondrous occurrences in Nexus seem natural .
The end result was a sort of artistic magical realism that had never been seen in comics before — and has rarely been seen since , save from the Dude himself .
Advertisement
13 . Will Eisner
Look at almost any innovation in the first 75 years of American comic - book history , and odds are that Will Eisner got there first .
He was an early advocate of creators ’ rights , and a canny businessman who turned his character The Spirit into a big moneymaker , with no backing from the big companies or distributors .
He was one of the first to advocate that comics develop “ adult ” storytelling sensibilities , and he beat Scott McCloud to the punch by nearly a decade , writing the hugely influential Comics & Sequential Art in 1985 .
The Spirit was published as a full - sized comic included in Sunday newspapers , which has n’t been successfully tried before or since , and his habit of incorporating a comic ’s cover art with its logo is now commonplace , but was nearly unheard of when he started doing it .
He wrote what some ( himself included ) believe to be the first graphic novel , pioneered the kind of personal storytelling that later fueled the indie revolution , and was one of the first people to teach comic art in an academic context .
Eisner was beyond a pioneer , and it ’s quite apt that the biggest annual award for cartooning is named for him .
14 . Joe Kubert
One way to ensure you ’ll change the future of comics is to found a school dedicated to teaching drawing the way you think it should be done .
Another way is to have kids and teach them to draw right .
Joe Kubert did both .
Kubert , whose career started in the 1940s , and who is still active and productive at age 82 , was more than good enough to become a game - changer just on his own ; his lean , shadowy figures , mastery of body language , stark poses and expressions , and meticulous research marked him as a major talent on books like Enemy Ace , Hawkman , and Sgt. Rock .
But what really ensured his legacy was the founding , in 1976 , of the Joe Kubert School Of Cartoon And Graphic
Art , the country ’s only fully accredited school devoted to cartooning .
Its more prominent alums include Alex Maleev , Steve Lieber , Tom Mandrake , Rick Veitch , and Adam and Andy Kubert , Joe ’s sons and prominent comic artists on their own .
Advertisement
15 . Rob Liefeld
One of the most polarizing figures in the modern comics industry , Rob Liefeld is the punching bag of choice for many discerning comics fans .
But he ’s also the man who defined what the 1990s looked like in superhero books , so he ’s crying all the way to the bank .
For every detractor who thinks he ’s the worst thing to happen to comic books since Fredric Wertham , there are a dozen ravenous fanboys ready to snatch up whatever he does next .
Liefeld burst onto the scene in the late 1980s , and became a star with his distinctive work on several X - titles ; his visual style was so recognizable it instantly became self - parody , with tiny feet and heads , gargantuan muscles that had no analogue on the actual human body , and pouches , pouches , pouches .
He had legions of fans , even though he could n’t actually draw ; when he — along with Jim Lee , Todd McFarlane , and other controversial artists — helped form the creator - owned Image Comics in 1992 , the world learned that he could n’t write , either .
Since then , it ’s been revealed that he can’t do much of anything else .
Still , there ’s no denying that the guy owned the 1990s .
It was a strange decade .
16 . Todd McFarlane
Figuring out whether Todd McFarlane has been , on balance , a good or bad influence on the comics industry is enough to make your head hurt .
Pro :
He proved that creator - owned comics could be highly profitable .
Con :
He did it with Spawn , one of the most unreadable comics of its era .
Pro :
He turned a profit in the collector ’s market at a time when it was collapsing .
Con :
That kept the collector ’s market going , instead of letting it die a well - deserved death .
Pro :
He ’s multi-faceted — an artist , writer ( sort of ) , businessman , publisher , toymaker , and developer .
Con :
He spends all his money on baseballs .
Pro :
He ’s relentlessly individualistic and uses his company to do what he wants to do .
Con :
What he wants to do is publish terrible comics .
Pro :
He helps lots of young cartoonists launch their careers .
Con : Young cartoonists like Rob Liefeld .
The debate will still be going about a million years after he dies , but not up for debate is the fact that he ’s been one of the most influential people in the industry for more than a decade .
Advertisement
17 . Chris Ware
Though he ’s philosophically more in line with the alt - comics community , Chris Ware draws so much media attention , and his books sell so well , that his work is arguably more mainstream than any current superhero title .
Ware ’s innovations in comic - page design — which include temporal shifts conveyed by complex diagrams and frames within frames — were inspired by Art Spiegelman ’s ’ 70s experiments and by Richard McGuire ’s seminal Raw story “ Here . ”
But Ware marries his fetish for design with a singularly sardonic voice and a God ’s - eye perspective on his characters , creating an overall tone that ’s like a turn - of - the - century circus poster crossed with the post - war angst of literary lions like John Updike and Richard Yates .
Ware ’s influence is mostly seen among the younger alternative crowd and contemporary commercial artists , but his use of staccato pacing and visual repetition has popped up in a number of superhero comics over the past decade as well .
Advertisement
18 . Basil Wolverton
Given the limitless possibilities of pen and paper , it ’s surprising — and somewhat disappointing — that so many artists strive for outright realism , or at least for the stability that comes from repetition .
Not so Basil Wolverton .
More Tex Avery than Milton Caniff , Wolverton used his stints at Mad magazine and Topps Trading Cards to create characters with rubber faces and rubber limbs , often grotesque in appearance and nearly always unpredictable .
Wolverton ’s cartoony exaggeration has its closest modern analogue in the comics of Peter Bagge , who also draws dynamic figures with multiple moving parts .
Advertisement
19 . Harvey Kurtzman
EC Comics anchorman Harvey Kurtzman gave a burgeoning generation of smart - asses a sense of belonging when he helped create Mad magazine , and he continued to build a bridge between underground comedy and mainstream success via positions of authority at magazines like Help ! , Humbug , and even Playboy .
For that alone , he ’s a legend .
But Kurtzman first rose to prominence with his playful , form - bending gag cartoons , and he later helped revolutionize war comics with the grittily realistic , bitingly cynical Two - Fisted Tales and Frontline Combat .
Kurtzman influenced a generation of funnymen and had an impact on Joe Kubert and the adventure - comics artists who followed him .
Kurtzman was the Babe Ruth of comics : a slugger with clout who could also throw a hell of a curveball .
Advertisement
20 . Neal Adams
Neal Adams ’ comics career began to attract attention in the late ’60s with his classic work on DC ’s Deadman .
But its impact would n’t be fully felt until the following decade , when his combination of dynamism and classic illustration became the comic - book style of the Bronze Age .
Adams was the right artist at the right time , infusing shadows and heft into superhero titles like X - Men and especially Batman at a time when the titles began to turn their attention to gritty , real - world concerns .
Some of Adams ’ most famous work remains a Dennis O’Neil - penned run on Green Lantern / Green Arrow from the early ’ 70s in which the hard - traveling superpals tackle issues from racism to drug addiction .
The crest of a rising tide that included veterans Gene Colan and John Romita , Adams helped make even brightly colored superhero comics look a little more like the darker corners of the world at large .
21 . Bill Sienkiewicz
Bill Sienkiewicz began his career as a first - rate Neal Adams acolyte , most memorably in a long run as the artist for the perpetual second - string Marvel hero Moon Knight .
He had other tricks he needed to try , as evidenced by his work on New Mutants , particularly its covers , which wildly mixed pencil work , painting , collage , and other unorthodox techniques .
Sienkiewicz ’s new style found its fullest expression in the 1986 Frank Miller miniseries Elektra : Assassin .
The book found Sienkiewicz taking Miller ’s wildest notions to their expressionistic extremes to create action - packed , reality - bending , darkly comic , and occasionally moving pages .
Today , Sienkiewicz ’s influence can be seen more in cover art — particularly the work of Dave McKean — than in interior pages , though Ben Templesmith and David Mack do n’t really hide their debt .
LAS VEGAS – Two researchers examining the processes for issuing web certificates have uncovered vulnerabilities that would allow an attacker to masquerade as any website and trick a computer user into providing him with sensitive communications .
Normally when a user visits a secure website , such as Bank of America , PayPal or Ebay , the browser examines the website 's certificate to verify its authenticity .
However , IOActive researcher Dan Kaminsky and independent researcher Moxie Marlinspike , working separately , presented nearly identical findings in separate talks at the Black Hat security conference on Wednesday .
Each showed how an attacker can legitimately obtain a certificate with a special character in the domain name that would fool nearly all popular browsers into believing an attacker is whichever site he wants to be .
The problem occurs in the way that browsers implement Secure Socket Layer communications .
" This is a vulnerability that would affect every SSL implementation , " Marlinspike told Threat Level , " because almost everybody who has ever tried to implement SSL has made the same mistake . "
Certificates for authenticating SSL communications are obtained through Certificate Authorities ( CAs ) such as VeriSign and Thawte and are used to initiate a secure channel of communication between the user 's browser and a website .
When an attacker who owns his own domain – badguy.com – requests a certificate from the CA , the CA , using contact information from Whois records , sends him an email asking to confirm his ownership of the site .
But an attacker can also request a certificate for a subdomain of his site , such as Paypal.com\0.badguy.com , using the null character \0 in the URL .
The CA will issue the certificate for a domain like PayPal.com\0.badguy.com because the hacker legitimately owns the root domain badguy.com .
Then , due to a flaw found in the way SSL is implemented in many browsers , Firefox and others theoretically can be fooled into reading his certificate as if it were one that came from the authentic PayPal site .
Basically when these vulnerable browsers check the domain name contained in the attacker 's certificate , they stop reading any characters that follow the " \0 " in the name .
More significantly , an attacker can also register a wildcard domain , such as *\0. badguy.com , which would then give him a certificate that would allow him to masquerade as any site on the internet and intercept communication .
Marlinspike said he will be releasing a tool soon that automates this interception .
It 's an upgrade to a tool he released a few years ago called SSLSniff .
The tool sniffs traffic going to secure web sites that have an https URL in order to conduct a man - in - the - middle attack .
The user 's browser examines the attacker 's certificate sent by SSLSniff , believes the attacker is the legitimate site and begins sending data , such as log - in information , credit card and banking details or any other data through the attacker to the legitimate site .
The attacker sees the data unencrypted .
A similar man - in - the - middle attack would allow someone to hi-jack software updates for Firefox or any other application that uses Mozilla 's update library .
When the user 's computer initiates a search for a Firefox upgrade , SSLSniff intercepts the search and can send back malicious code that is automatically launched on the user 's computer .
Marlinspike said Firefox 3.5 is not vulnerable to this attack and that Mozilla is working on patches for 3.0 .
With regard to the larger problem involving the null character , Marlinspike said since there is no legitimate reason for a null character to be in a domain name , it 's a mystery why Certificate Authorities accept them in a name .
But simply stopping Certificate Authorities from issuing certificates to domains with a null character would n't stop the ones that have already been issued from working .
The only solution is for vendors to fix their SSL implementation so that they read the full domain name , including the letters after the null character .
( Dave Bullock contributed to this article . )
Photo of Moxie Marlinspike by Dave Bullock .
I recently found Ogame , a free browser - based massively multiplayer online game ( MMOG ) of space strategy ( 4 x style ) .
If you ’re not familiar ( yet ) with these types of games basically you just need an internet connection and a browser and you are all set to start playing .
Playing Ogame is like a breath of fresh air brought to the space strategy 4 x gaming experience since it offers the possibility to play anywhere I have an internet connection while offering a rich and free multiplayer experience .
Other popular games of this type include :
Travian :
One of the most popular Antiquity – Empire building game ;
Earth 2025 : Contemporary / Country Building
Hattrick : Contemporary / Soccer Team
You can find here a comprehensive list of other browser games .
Another excellent source of browser games I recommend is the Galaxy - News website .
Colony Ship
Ogame is developed by Gameforge and is a space strategy game 4 x like any other but you play it using solely your web browser .
It features all the 4x essentials : research , resource gathering , colony management , spaceship building , fleet management and space combat but in real - time strategy style , against the traditional turn based gameplay , which means that everything in the player ’s Ogame universe is happening real - time for all registered users .
One can start researching a technology in the morning before breakfast , start building a spaceship during lunch time break from work and launch an attack on a nearby player right before bed time .
Ogame is free ?
What ’s the catch ?
There ’s really no catch at all .
The majority of these recent browser - based games are free of charge .
Anyone can register and start playing them in a few minutes .
In spite being free these games do have their own limitations ( sounds like catch alert to me ?
.. not really , keep on reading ) .
Many browser - based games you will find are completely free of charge , others offer free play with advertising , others still offer free play with micro-transactions or optional paid subscriptions .
What this last type of games offer are bonus packs , extensions or exclusive add - ons that are not available in the standard game features and are only granted through small additional payments .
Normally this is not a big deal if you want to play the game free of charge because usually this does not hurt the game experience too much .
At least for Ogame that happens to be the case , I ’m playing it for almost 3 months by now and I do n’t really find the need to pay for any extra features ( but others may find it useful of course ) .
You can find a list of many browser - based games of the different charging categories here .
Now back to Ogame :
The game basics
Ogame Deuterium Mine
When you register and start playing Ogame you start with your home planet empty .
No mines , no technologies , no ships , no nothing .
All you have is your tiny planetary base production needed to bootstrap your first production buildings : mines for metal , crystal and deuterium ( your three main resources ) .
You
OGame Shipyard
have a wide range of planetary improvements you can start building like a shipyard : required to build spaceships and planetary defenses ; storage warehouses to store resources and the research lab to research new technologies .
Each building can then be upgraded by constructing successive additional levels .
So you start with your buildings all at level 0 and then you go on evolving them one by one for more production capacity , more research capability , etc .
Things take a looong time in Ogame
As I mentioned above Ogame is not a regular PC space strategy game 4x , where one can play for five hours straight just by clicking the end - turn button .
This is a game where everything happens in real - time with hundreds and hundreds of players playing simultaneously , so you will end up needing to wait for your metal mine to finish , which can take you , for example , 1:30h to complete , or your battleship that will take you about 3 hours , or a technology that will take 24 hours to research .
At some stage of play all is done at that time and you simply log off .
Then you login later to check on your empire status .
Weapons Technology
Research and Technologies
The technology tree is complex enough to keep you busy wondering what to research next .
There are plenty of technology dependencies .
You can make breakthroughs in several categories :
New buildings , research fields , spaceships and new planetary defense systems .
In the left you can see an image for the Weapons Technology that boosts the spaceship weapons efficiency in 10 % .
Each evolution of this technology will add another 10 % to weapons efficiency .
Cruiser
The Spaceships
Building spaceships will require you to unlock specific technologies and construct the appropriate building levels .
There are several types of standard spaceships available for you to build : colony ships , transports , drones , regular fighters , heavy fighters , cruisers , battleships , destroyers , bombers , interceptors and even a dreaded Death Star .
There is no spaceship customization , you have these models at your disposal and that ’s it .
However the process of unlocking all the spaceship models is complex enough to keep you busy for a long time waiting for your next space toy to be available for production .
Fleet Management
Managing fleets is quite easy as the interface is simple but effective ( considering that the user interface is a browser ) .
You can move your ships around ; set them for colonization , spying missions , raids and transports of materials .
No Diplomacy ?
Well , in Ogame there is no concept of Artificial Intelligence as there is no computer AI to compete with .
All the players in Ogame are Human players ( or at least they should be ) so the diplomacy features offered to players are practically nonexistent .
Basically players can forge alliances with other players or other alliances of players and all the rest must take its course via normal human - to - human message interchange from there .
Tips and Strategy Guide to get you started
You can find many tips and all kinds of information regarding Ogame in the web .
You can have a look at the official OGame forum here .
Another simple but effective source of tips and faqs can be found at GameFAQs , a strategy guide / FAQ maintained by Xeigrich .
However if you ’re aiming for a single source of condensed information you can also have a look at the “ Ogame Tips Strategy Guide ” e-Book published by “ OgameTips ” that you can get here .
The Good
Free of charge
Simple to register and start playing
Very suitable for players with not much time in their hands that want to play occasionally
Portable technology which allows the game to be played practically everywhere ( only internet with browser availability required )
The Bad
Not enough depth for the more demanding
Not much going on , specially on early game stages
Slow paced game not suitable for players eager for instant action
Conclusion
Considering that everything is done via a web browser client and that the game is free of charge Ogame is a space strategy game that at least deserves you to have a look at .
The game may not be for everyone but could be for many of you that simply do n’t have much time in your hands and cannot keep up with the micromanagement needs of most 4 x space strategy games .
If you ’re a fan of space strategy gaming you will like to try this lightweight space strategy gaming experience that is Ogame .
You can find more information about Ogame here .
You can register and start playing Ogame now by clicking here .
The Good :
– Free of charge ;
– Simple to register and start playing ;
– Suitable for players with not much time in their hands that want to play occasionally ;
– Can be played practically everywhere ( only internet with a browser is required ) .
The Bad :
– Not enough depth for the more demanding ;
– Not much going on , specially on early game stages ;
– Slow paced game not suitable for players eager for instant action .
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Post category : Game Reviews
Nazis or aliens or Nazi aliens are back and they have invaded Northrop Grumman 's top secret grounds in California , where engineers have been testing the surprising anti-radar capabilities of the Horten 2 - 29 fighter .
The results :
It could have changed everything .
Advertisement
Germany lost the Battle of Britain partly thanks to the British radar .
The fat baton - bearing lunatic and chief of the Luftwaffe Hermann Göring turned to the Horten brothers to develop something that would give the German air force superiority .
They came up with the most advanced plane of the war , one that surpassed everything else out there by three decades but fortunately never had the time to be produced in any kind of significant numbers :
The Horten 2 - 29 , an airplane unlike anything else out there , which — as this reconstruction shows — looks alien in its design .
Advertisement
Northrop Grumman 's black - op engineers — who usually work in top secret USAF projects like the B - 2 Stealth Bomber , Ho 2 - 29 's design heir — analyzed ( again ? ) the remains of the only surviving plane , reconstructed it , and tested its stealth capabilities .
It 's probably not the first time they have done that , but this time they did it for a National Geographic TV documentary .
As it turns out , Hitler had an stealth fighter in the Ho 2 - 29 — kind of .
Thanks to the use of wood and carbon — which increased its radar absortion — jet engines integrated into the fuselage , and its blended surfaces , the plane had its radar footprint reduced by 37 % against the primitive British radar system .
This means it could have been in London eight minutes after detection .
In comparison , other planes took 19 minutes since detection to target , which gave the RAF fighter enough time to scramble and hunt down the bastards .
The Ho 2 - 29 would have made the interception almost impossible , if at all .
The bad news is that this plane could have completely changed the course of the war if Germany only had one or two extra years of lead time .
Not only in the fight against Britain , but also against the US and the Soviet Union .
The Horten brothers had another design based on the Ho 2 - 29 .
A design for a intercontinental strategic bomber , the Ho 18 .
Advertisement
The 142 - foot wingspan bomber was submitted for approval in 1944 , and it would have been able to fly from Berlin to NYC and back without refueling , thanks to the same blended wing design and six BMW 003A or eight Junker Jumo 004B turbojets .
As the documentary shows , had the Nazis extended the war in 1946 and developed the atomic bomb as planned , the Ho 18 could have been their Enola Gay .
Advertisement
The good news :
That 's a lot of ifs , the Allies decided to invade Normandy soon enough , and we are all here without wearing stupid outfits , swastikas , and funny moustaches .
Life is good , people , life is good .
[ Fight Global — Ho XVIII A renderings by Gino Marcomini ]
2009 is 50 % over , but has already left a decade ’s worth of brand carnage in its wake .
In May alone , 376 companies per day sought protection from creditors in bankruptcy court , according to Aacer ’s court records .
Everyone was affected , from small , family - run outfits to major corporations .
This list represents a sampling of brands and products that died in 2009 .
You may be familiar with some of the brands .
Others are smaller or regional , but symbolize the story of what happened many other businesses this year .
Even a Wal - Mart generic brand got the shaft .
It ’s worth noting that when a brand dies , it does n’t necessarily get buried , the way humans do .
Some brands , like Circuit City , are resurrected in a different form .
Others , like Saab , go dormant , then reemerge in a new form .
Still others find themselves gobbled up by bigger fish .
The brands and products in this list reflect all possibilities .
Sadly , most are gone forever .
Sterling trucks
Sterling Trucks , originally Ford ’s heavy truck division , was declared a goner by Daimler Trucks North America ( DTNA ) in March 2009 .
The brand encompassed a range of heavy trucks and tractors , including snow plows , garbage trucks , landscaping , and other vocational vehicles .
With Sterling gone , DTNA will focus its strategy on its other two heavy truck brands , Western Star and Freightliner .
Circuit City
Circuit City liquidated in 2009 , after 50 years of operation .
According to the company ’s now - defunct investors page , more than 30,000 employees were laid off .
Hardware company Systemax purchased the Circuit City brand in May , which it now uses at circuitcity.com , an online version of the old retailer .
Home Depot Expo
Home Depot ’s yupperific counterpart closed its doors in April 2009 , shedding 34 stores and 7,000 employees .
Home Depot admitted in a statement that Expo had n’t even performed well during the housing boom .
Now home flippers will have to settle for plain old Home Depot , the way they always did .
Max Factor
Proctor & Gamble announced in June that Max Factor will be pulled from American shelves by early 2010 , according to TradingMarkets .
The company will put its resources into the Cover Girl brand .
Max Factor will continue to be sold abroad , where it continues to be a fast - growing brand .
White Cloud Diapers
This cheaper alternative to Huggies , Luvs and Pampers , was discontinued in spring 2009 .
Many mothers grieved the loss of the brand , which was sold exclusively at Wal - Mart .
MSN Encarta
When Microsoft launched Encarta in 1993 , the multimedia encyclopedia was a revolutionary concept .
Encarta integrated Funk & Wagnall ’s , Collier ’s , and the New Merit Scholar ’s encyclopedias into its 62,000 + article collection .
As of October 31 , 2009 , Encarta will cease to exist .
Wikimedia ’s Jimmy Wales has approached Microsoft about picking up some of Encarta ’s information for free .
Monson Trucking
Duluth , MN - based Monson Trucking will be closing its doors on August 31 .
The family - owned business had been in operation for 94 years before two of its biggest customers declared bankruptcy , forcing Monson out of business , too .
The company was run by four generations of the Monson family .
( From the Journal of Commerce . )
Mac Homepage , Groups
Apple launched HomePage with iTools in 2001 .
July 7 marked the date when you could no longer edit or create new pages .
iWeb , which publishes websites and blogs , will replace Homepage .
.
Mac Groups , on the other hand , will be taken offline on July 7 .
MobileMe members will have access to their archives , but all group HomePages , message boards , group email addresses , and iDisk Groups will be removed .
Pontiac
Pontiac , creator of the fabled Bonneville and GTO , will be phased out forever in 2010 .
GM announced the sad news on April 27 , 2009 , burying Pontiac on a plot in its ever - expanding brand graveyard .
i Phone bluetooth headset
In April 2009 , Apple removed its iPhone Bluetooth Headset from the Apple Store for undisclosed reasons .
The Apple Insider speculates that the company will either release an improved , iPhone 3.0 - compatible version sometime in the future , or it is backing out from the accessory business entirely .
Time will tell .
Kodachrome
Kodak retired Kodachrome one year before the product ’s 75th anniversary .
70 % of Kodak ’s business revolves around digital products , according to a company statement referenced in the LA Times .
This leaves no place for Kodachrome , which is nonetheless forever immortalized in the Paul Simon song .
Rocky Mountain News
The Rocky Mountain News was one of many newspapers whose future was shredded in 2009 .
Its story represents a universal newspaper story .
In February 2009 , one of Denver ’s two newspapers published its last edition .
Owner Scripps Howard News
Service said that even if the newspaper went online - only and revenues grew at 40 % per year for five years , “ they would still be equal to the cost of one newsroom today , ” according to a RMN article .
The paper was 150 years old .
Scripps owned the paper since 1926 .
It lost $ 16 million in 2008 alone .
Hummer
Chengdu ’s Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery Company scooped up GM ’s Hummer brand for less than $ 500 million ( estimated ) this June , according to the New York Times .
The Chinese company plans to sell more fuel - efficient versions of the trucks , says the Times .
Goody’s
Tennessee - based Goody ’s closed 287 stores in April 2009 , four months after emerging from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , writes Alibaba .
The company had managed to reorganize after filing for bankruptcy last June , closing underperforming stores , cutting operating costs , and terminating its e-commerce business .
But a poor holiday season and slow retail environment killed the company , which had been around since 1950 .
Factor 5
22 - year - old video game developer Factor 5 shuttered after Brash Entertainment , its main customer , closed its doors in spring 2009 .
Factor 5 was behind the Commodore 64 ’s Turrican , if you can remember that far back .
Other games include Lair for PS3 , Star Wars : Rogue Squadron I /II / III for Nintendo 64 / GameCube , and a series of Atari , Amiga , GameBoy , and Super Nintendo games .
BearingPoint
In 2006 , BearingPoint was one of Fortune ’s “ Most Admired ” IT services companies .
Just three years later , the company sold off its North American Public Businesses unit to Deloitte and its Global Practices and Commercial Services businesses to PriceWaterhouseCoopers .
Predictably , you wo n’t be seeing the Bearing Point name on the PGA tour anymore , either .
Hard Rock Boulevard
This is the story of rebranding a street .
When Myrtle Beach , SC - based Hard Rock Park , a Hard Rock café - themed park featuring six “ rock environs ” with names like British Invasion and Lost in the ‘ 70s , folded in mid-2008 , its new owners figured a little rebranding might keep it alive .
In mid-2009 , the park was reborn as Freestyle Music Park .
Unfortunately , the new name did nothing to boost the flopped park ’s reputation , reports the Wall Street Journal .
Now , the owners want to rename the road it ’s located on — Hard Rock Boulevard–as Fantasy Harbour Boulevard .
Only time will tell if the new street name removes the music park ’s scourge of failure .
Agape World
Ponzi schemes have brands , too .
Agape World , listed as # 73 on last year ’s Entrepreneur Hot 100 Fastest - Growing Businesses in America , cheated investors out of $ 380 million through a commercial bridge lending scheme , writes the Wall Street Journal .
Founder Nicholas
Cosmo now sits in jail on fraud charges , while investors are agape at Entrepreneur for unwittingly promoting a Ponzi scheme .
Gottschalks
Founded in 1904 as a dry goods store , Gottschalks expanded to become one of the largest department store chains in the country .
The store filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in January , then starting liquidating at the end of March 2009 .
The Openmoko FreeRunner
Note :
As readers have pointed out , the Linux Smartphone is alive and well .
# 20 refers exclusively to the Openmoko Neo FreeRunner , which is a unique case .
See comments for more information .
The Openmoko Neo FreeRunner , the first Linux smartphone , lasted a mere 10 months before being discontinued .
The device was supposed to be the world ’s first open - source hardware and software smartphone , according to Heise .
Creator Openmoko pulled the phone amidst heavy staff cuts .
They are now working on a new device ; however , it ’s not a smartphone .
The Swing Set Or , My Brief Encounter with Portland 's Swinger Community ( and the Biggest Sex Toy I 've Ever Seen )
Illustration by Jay Howell
STANDING ROUGHLY SIX FEET TALL , with a ruffled mass of white hair and a businessman 's allegiance to the bottom line , Club Sesso owner Paul Smith informs me of his motto : " I get paid , not laid . "
Smith is something of a hero to the hundreds of local couples eagerly awaiting the grand opening of his new swingers club .
A former co-owner of the eastside swingers club Ace of Hearts , I first meet Smith on a rainy afternoon in May , more than a month before Club Sesso is set to open in the former location of restaurant Fernando 's Hideaway on SW 1st Avenue .
For a man about to open one of the biggest and — thanks to a personal endorsement from his friend Ron Jeremy — arguably the most high - profile swingers clubs in the Pacific Northwest , Smith is remarkably calm .
Amid the pounding of carpenter 's hammers and drills , he speaks candidly about the numerous misconceptions surrounding the swinging community .
" I 'll tell you the same thing I tell everyone , " he says .
" Go and stand in Fred Meyer for 10 minutes .
The people you see there are a perfect example of the demographic we get at this club .
It 's a mix of everyone .
If you come here thinking it 's an easy way to get laid , you 're mistaken .
If you can't find a date outside of the club , you 're certainly not going to find one in here . "
Smith estimates there are anywhere from 30,000 to 35,000 couples in Multnomah County who consider themselves open to the swinger lifestyle .
For them , and for a great deal of single men and women , a place like Club Sesso is invaluable .
After giving me a tour of the place , which includes a dance floor , bar , and 11 private rooms upstairs , Smith makes an admission .
" I went through a divorce a few years back , and it taught me a lot about myself , " he says candidly .
" My wife and I are still good friends , thank God , but I look back at that time in my life now and think : I ruined something really great because I was an asshole .
I want this club to be about positive sexual relationships .
The people that come here are being honest with each other , and I want to promote that . "
In addition to various club - sponsored fundraisers , including one for Breast Cancer Awareness in July , Smith tells me his main concern is privacy .
" It 's imperative that everyone who comes here , no matter who they are or what they do , has fun and feels safe .
Ultimately , that 's what 's important to me .
What consenting adults do while they 're here is between them . "
MY VERY FIRST SWINGER PARTY
A few weeks after talking to Smith I find myself at the front door of a modest - sized home on a unseasonably warm night in late May , notebook in hand , ready to attend my first swinger party .
In order to get a firsthand peek at the swinger lifestyle , I 've been invited here on the condition I wo n't take pictures or use anyone 's real names in my final article .
After a knock , Selma and John , a cordial middle - aged couple who host about one party a month at their Southeast Portland home , open the front door and greet me .
She is wearing a green visor with the phrase " Penis - Centric " written across the brim .
" It 's an icebreaker , " she says , winking .
Inside the living room are six couples , all of whom introduce themselves using their real names , then their fake names , which proves a bit complicated , as some people have chosen the same fake names , and now must decide — based on a coin toss — who gets to be called what in the final article .
Once the smoke clears however , one thing is made abundantly obvious :
Next to recovering alcoholics , swingers are probably the most talkative people on earth .
" I had my first orgy at Burning Man , " says Janice , a woman in her late 20s who wears a loose sundress and various tribal - looking jewelry and insists I read her quotes back to her while she closes her eyes to listen .
" It was a transformative experience .
Me and my husband Charles found a tent where everyone was just making love , and we ended up staying there for almost an entire day . "
Her husband Charles , an inexplicably tan gentleman in denim trousers and a shirt that simply says PORN , adds : " Society at large tends to be a bit puritanical .
Even people who consider themselves liberal raise their eyebrows when it comes to swingers .
It 's still really kind of a taboo . "
Next I speak to Selma 's husband John , a 52 - year - old man with graying hair and the laidback demeanor you 'd expect from someone who 's spent the better part of a decade having sex with other men's wives .
He does n't seem in a rush to do anything , even allowing the Eagles CD on the stereo to skip several times before taking it out and replacing it with an album by the Rolling Stones .
( " Swingers do n't do iPods , " he tells me . )
Ten minutes into our conversation John has twice referred to his penis as " the brains of the whole operation " and readily admits that , if it were n't for the lifestyle , he and his wife would not still be together .
" Before we opened up our marriage I was very unfaithful , " he admits , his voice growing more distant with the recollection .
" Selma was n't happy and I was drinking a lot and we came very close to divorcing .
Then one day she told me she 'd been sleeping with a friend of ours .
But instead of getting upset — and I still do n't know what possessed me not to get upset — I told her I 'd be open to a threesome , and things just gradually progressed from there . "
After John finishes talking with me , Selma brings me upstairs to view the orgy room — a 200 - square - foot bedroom she and John have transformed into a space reserved for " gangbang nights " and group play .
The best way to describe the orgy room is to say it just kind of looks like an orgasm , if that makes sense .
The walls are painted a dark turquoise and there are little neon green stickers in the shape of stars stuck all over the ceiling .
It reminds me of a college dorm room decorated by that kid you meet freshman year who sold lots of Ecstasy until about late October , when the police knocked on his door and no one ever saw him again .
There are three mirrors , one of which has been bolted to the ceiling above the king - sized bed at an odd , diagonal angle , giving the whole room a kind of expedited feel , as if whomever tacked that mirror to the ceiling was in such a rush to watch themselves screwing beneath it , all concern for proper symmetry was abandoned .
On the floor next to a table is something Selma insists is a dildo , but from my vantage point seems more like a rubber fire hydrant , just without those little caps on the side that allow it to gush water .
The sight of this thing confirms in me a long held fear about prosthetic sexual devices :
No matter how big the dildo in front of you might be , there 's always one bigger .
Equally fascinating and disturbing is the thought that somewhere , someone is really concerned about making these things as big and as realistic as possible — and that 's what gets them out of bed in the morning .
One of the dildos Selma shows me is roughly the size of my right arm .
It has these tiny veins running up and down the shaft like a road map , and there 's a second penis head in place of the scrotum , an accoutrement that gives the thing a slightly utilitarian feel , like double - sided office tape or those pens that double as flashlights .
" I 've only seen that come out on maybe one or two occasions , at most , " she assures me .
EVEN ORGIES HAVE RULES
Back downstairs
I make my way across the kitchen to the buffet — an integral part of swinger culture .
Positioned on a long table against the far wall in the kitchen and covered in an odd Christmas - themed tablecloth is a selection of various name - brand chips and dipping sauces arranged alongside a homemade pizza cut into squares .
On the far end of the table , past a basket of hard rolls , is a large cold cut spread arranged on a plate like a kind of cylindrical meat vortex — with slices of ham , roast beef , and salami all folded over like tiny rugs .
Everyone here seems hungry , especially the single males , some of whom eat as if they 've come specifically for the food and could care less about the sex ( in between bites of pizza , a 25 - year - old guy named Don assures me this is most definitely not the case ) .
Why is the buffet so essential ?
Because sex , especially long periods of sex over the course of a single evening , burns calories on a grand scale .
People get hungry .
To have any kind of legitimate swinger function and not offer food is a major faux pas , right up there with not supplying condoms .
Out behind the house I find two single men smoking cigarettes and staring at the backyard with a certain melancholy , as if imagining it were filled with naked women ( which it is n't ) .
In the hierarchy of the swinging lifestyle , single males are somewhere near the bottom rung of the ladder .
If you 're a single man , it costs more to get into clubs , and at most house parties , your chance of being invited to play with couples is slim .
It 's an unfortunate position that many of the married couples I talked to , like Ted and Alice — who spoke to me in the kitchen of their home in Troutdale a few weeks earlier — sometimes pity .
" No one wants to be that dude walking around by himself at one of these things , " Ted told me .
" If you 're going to come to a party as a single guy you better be one smooth talker , because no one 's going to give you the time of day if you 're just standing against the wall leering at all the females . "
Indeed , like most subcultures , every swinging event — whether it be at a club , bar , or private party — brings with it a set of rules that govern the behavior of the participants , sort of like the Ten Commandments , only sexier .
Chief among these , and probably the one rule in place at every swinger function is " no means no . "
Other rules vary , such as when it 's acceptable for a single man to join an orgy already in progress , and directions for approaching a unicorn .
A unicorn , Ted told me , is that " elusive single bi-female that every couple sort of dreams of finding , yet whose rarity begs the question of whether or not one actually exists . "
And what about the morning after ?
Does sex between couples get better or worse after being with other people ?
According to Herman and Penelope , a couple I spoke with over drinks at Laurelwood Brewery , seeing other couples together makes it easier for them to be honest with each other about what they want sexually .
It also makes them better friends .
" Being in the lifestyle makes you appreciate having a steady partner , " Penelope told me .
" You know that no matter what happens , there 's always someone to come home to .
And that 's comforting . "
When I asked them about jealousy issues , her fiancé Herman spoke up .
" I suppose I was jealous at first .
But it 's funny : being with other people has made us more honest with each other .
Whenever we 're apart , we have a call system to let the other one know we 're in a situation that could lead to sex [ with someone else ] .
If she says no , then I do n't do it .
I expect the same from her .
I guess it comes down to trust . "
It 's this sense of openness and honesty that seems to inform every aspect of the swinging community .
Indeed , most of the couples I spoke to said they would not play with a single male they suspect is not being honest with his wife , and vice versa .
AND TO ALL , A GOOD NIGHT
Tonight , everyone who talks to me is so refreshingly candid and trusting and friendly that when two couples disappear upstairs , their feet scampering up the staircase toward the orgy room like excited children , it 's kind of shocking to realize I might be overstaying my welcome .
Besides my gracious hosts , the only people left in the kitchen are two single guys , both of whom pass a bottle of liquor across the table looking depressed and lonely , like this might be the night they finally just give it all up and drive their car off a bridge .
Out of politeness , Selma continues to talk to me , while just over shoulder , her husband John flashes me a look I can only interpret as meaning one thing .
I say my goodbyes and exit through the front door .
Growing up Catholic taught me the one thing worse than having sex was actually talking about sex — so by all accounts tonight 's event should have been much more painful than it was .
Yet with the millions of people suffering under the strain of unhappy marriages , abusive relationships , infidelity , homophobia , and good old - fashioned sexual frustration , there 's something rejuvenating about a couple willing to redecorate a bedroom , fill it with sex toys , and spend entire evenings screwing in groups beneath a ceiling made to look like a galaxy of blinking stars .
I for one am happy to have met them .
Read the Mercury 's interview with Club Sesso namesake Ron Jeremy
Glenn
Beck went off on some woman today on his radio show because she talked about how good health care was in France .
And she ’s right .
Beck says that she got her example from Michael Moore .
Well , I did n’t get my example from Michael Moore .
I got it from my own visits to doctors and emergency rooms in Paris .
1 . They do n’t ask you for insurance , they just treat you , then sheepishly ask you afterwards how you ’d like to pay .
2 . The costs are absurdly low .
Chest x-ray and consult last year when I had a bad flu that settled in my chest ?
45 euros , or about 70 bucks .
The doctor warned me it was going to be really expensive .
70 bucks .
That ’s “ really expensive ” medicine in France .
3 . I had to wait a whopping 3 minutes before seeing the doctor .
I phoned , said when can you see me , she said when you do want us to see you , I said how about in three hours , she said okay .
I walk in the door , sit down , three minutes later they call me in – in and out in 20 minutes , and that included getting the x-ray and then having the doc explain my results .
4. Doctor visits cost a whopping 20 euros ( 25 bucks ) .
I remember my friend John having what was likely kidney stones .
We go to the doc , I do the translating , and when it ’s all over she says to me , concerned , so he ’s American , which means he does n’t have French insurance , how is he ever going to pay ?
The bill was 25 bucks .
I laughed and told John .
He laughed , and paid in cash .
And mind you , these were the prices BEFORE insurance kicks in .
If you ’re French , you pay a lot less .
Conservatives need to get over their “ we ’re the best country in the world so do n’t consider whether maybe , just maybe , some other countries do some things better than us ” kick .
We ’re ranked pretty low in the world on the overall health care chart .
France is number one .
Yes , we could learn a few things from even the French .
Especially the French .
Or you can trust your life - saving health care to some flag - waver who thinks patriotism is the best medicine .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
T- Mobile ’s network has been hacked , according to an email posted this weekend on the Full Disclosure security mailing list .
The anonymous group behind the email claims to have “ everything ” on T - Mobile ’s servers , “ … their databases , confidential documents , scripts , and …financial documents up to 2009 . ”
If this security breach is true , it could be a disaster for T - Mobile and its millions of customers ( full disclosure : I am a T - Mobile customer ) .
T- Mobile did not confirm or deny the breach in a statement this morning , but said it was investigating :
“ The protection of our customers ’ information , and the safety and security of our systems , is absolutely paramount at T - Mobile , ” the company said .
“ Regarding the recent claim , we are fully investigating the matter .
As is our standard practice , if there is any evidence that customer information has been compromised , we would inform those affected as soon as possible . ”
The group allegedly attempted to contact T - Mobile ’s competitors to sell the data , but did n’t find a buyer .
Now , the data is for sale to the highest bidder .
The email includes an extensive list of servers supposedly owned by T - Mobile .
A message sent to the email address listed was not returned .
Although Jenny McCarthy and her fellow anti-vaccinationists still wage their very public crusade against vaccination , there 's nothing really new about their arguments .
Opposition to vaccination is as old as vaccination itself .
Smallpox was once one of the most devastating and feared diseases in history .
As recently as the 18th century , frequent outbreaks killed an estimated 400,000 Europeans each year and left many survivors disfigured .
Especially dangerous in children , 80 % of those who contracted smallpox died of the disease .
When Lady Ashley Wortley Montague arranged for her son and daughter to be inoculated against smallpox in 1717 ( the practice was common in Asia but was unknown in Europe ) , she had no idea of the storm she would unleash as a result .
Although early opposition to inoculation had a valid basis ( patients undergoing the first inoculation technique , also known as variolation , had an estimated 3 percent chance of developing serious complications ) , much of the resistance came from religious leaders .
In a July 8 , 1722 lecture by Edmund Massey at St. Andrew 's Church in Holborn , England , he based his sermon on a passage from the Book of Job , " So went Satan forth from the presence of the Lord and smote Job with boils , from the sole of his foot , unto his crown " .
Massey argued that the Biblical disease in question was smallpox and added , " With this view , I will not scruple to call it a diabolical operation , usurping an authority founded neither in nature or religion .
This practice also tends to support vice and immorality , inasmuch as it diminishes the salutary terror which prevails respecting the uncertain approach of this disease " .
In other words , being afraid of smallpox built character .
Although Edward Jenner 's discovery of vaccination meant a safer alternative to variolation , it would still take many years for vaccination to be widely accepted .
In 1840 , the British Parliament passed the first Vaccination Act which banned variolation .
The Act also gave local boards the power to vaccinate everyone in their districts but still allowed individual objectors to refuse .
While vaccination campaigns led to a dramatic drop in smallpox cases , outbreaks continued to occur ( especially in the growing city slums ) .
Following pressure from medical authorities , Parliament amended the act in 1853 to make vaccination compulsory .
Not only were all newborns required to be vaccinated within the first three months of life but any parent refusing to comply was fined .
By 1867 , the law became even more stringent with parents being prosecuted for refusing to have their children vaccinated .
It was the stringent laws that inspired the development of the anti-vaccination movement in the 1870s .
One of the leading figures in the movement was William Tebb who co-founded the London Society for the Abolition of Compulsory Vaccination in 1880 ( it later became the National Anti-vaccination League in 1896 ) .
A lifelong firebrand , Tebb had been prosecuted thirteen times for refusing to vaccinate his third daughter .
Along with his supporters , Tebb pushed for the abolition of the Vaccination Act and an end to compulsory vaccination in the UK and abroad .
Realizing that the movement needed an eminent scientist to support the anti-vaccination cause , Tebb recruited an unlikely champion : Alfred Russel Wallace .
Although Wallace was already famous for his role in the development of Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution , his willingness to take on unpopular causes had earned him considerable notoriety as well .
Wallace had not always been an anti-vaccinationist ( his earlier writings praised Edward Jenner as a medical pioneer and he had his own children vaccinated ) but his involvement with Spiritualism brought him into regular contact with anti-vaccinationists ( especially Tebb ) .
It was Tebb who persuaded Wallace to join the movement by presenting him with statistics that he had compiled concerning the risks associated with vaccination .
Whether due to the statistics or his own concerns about the basic infringements on individual freedom resulting from the Vaccination Act , Wallace became a convert to the cause sometime in the early 1880s .
In fairness to Wallace , there was probably was some basis for his skepticism .
At the time , nobody knew exactly why vaccination worked .
Despite Louis Pasteur 's research and the recent acceptance of the germ theory of disease , the science of immunology was still in its infancy .
The fact that medical authorities were eagerly pushing for something that the anti-vaccinationists were condemning as " quackery " and prosecuted parents who refused to comply was enough for Wallace to get involved .
Working with the statistics that Tebb provided , Wallace began his own research into vaccination and the government statistics on smallpox and vaccination .
He also attempted to link incidence of smallpox to more general issues of sanitation .
While the Public Health
Act of 1848 began to improve living conditions in most slums , progress remained slow and health problems related to sewage and industrial waste were still common .
Wallace and his fellow anti-vaccinationists argued that smallpox and other infectious diseases were actually caused by contamination and that vaccination was likely dangerous in itself .
There was ( if you 'll pardon the expression ) a germ of truth in that since there was no generally accepted antiseptic guidelines in vaccinating children and doctors often reused the same needles on their patients .
Wallace also argued that there were no controlled experiments showing how long the protection from vaccination lasted .
All of Wallace 's findings were written up in a tract titled Forty - five Years of Registration Statistics , Proving Vaccination To Be Both Useless and Dangerous .
Published in early 1885 , Wallace compiled statistics from across Great Britain and continental Europe ( where compulsory vaccination laws were also in place ) .
Not limiting himself to smallpox , Wallace examined incidence patterns for diptheria , measles , scarlet fever , and whooping cough ( pertussis ) .
He concluded that vaccination did more harm than good and that public sanitation played a greater role in disease prevention .
Almost immediately , Wallace came under attack by physicians who were horrified that a scientist of Wallace 's reputation would side with the anti-vaccinationists .
The fact that popular opinion was turning against mandatory vaccination ( helped along by graphic stories of conscientious objectors being arrested ) , added to the pressure for changing the vaccination laws .
As for what happened next , I 'll get to that next week .
It ’s no surprise that the Religious Right is n’t a fan of the ACLU .
But now , a Christian Right group is attacking the ACLU for supporting … another Christian Right group .
Merrilee Carlson , the President of Families United For Our Troops and Their Mission ( I do n’t think they mean your families , though , you heathen scum ) , sent out a press release because the ACLU was defending Fred Phelps and the Westboro Baptist Church .
Maybe there ’s a Christian out there thinking , “ WBC ?
They ’re not real Christians ; they ’re a hate group . ”
Hate group , yes .
But no doubt they believe they ’re accurately following the Bible .
They ’re just not your kind of Christian .
And perhaps unfortunately , Phelps ’ clan has the same rights as everyone else — including free speech and the right to peacefully protest .
That ’s what the ACLU is defending .
They ’re not supporting what the WBC is doing , simply their right to do it .
It ’s the same reason the Ku Klux Klan would receive similar protection from the ACLU , the same reason pro-lifers who wanted to peacefully protest in front of an abortion clinic would be defended .
The ACLU does n’t take on cases just because they support some progressive agenda ; they ’re here to protect civil liberties for everyone .
Free speech is protected even if it ’s vile and abhorrent .
So why attack them ?
Carlson says this :
“ My son died in Iraq fighting to protect the Constitutional rights and liberties that the ACLU is now trying to exploit .
This lawsuit proves the ACLU will stop at nothing to drive an agenda that disrespects and degrades our fallen heroes and their families … ”
Right … the ACLU hates the troops .
That makes sense .
And talk about exploitation , at the bottom of the note is a message that Carlson ’s son was killed in Iraq in 2005 — the same note that is on several press releases — as if that gives Carlson the right to make ludicrous statements .
( via OneNewsNow )
PARIS —
The highest constitutional body in France on Wednesday defanged the government ’s plan to cut off the Internet connections of digital pirates , saying the authorities had no right to do so without obtaining court approval .
The decision , by the Constitutional Council , which reviews legislation approved by Parliament before it goes into effect , is a major setback for the music and movie industries , which had praised the French law as a model solution to the problem of illegal file - sharing .
The council rejected the core portion of the measure , under which a newly created agency , acting on the recommendations of copyright owners , would have been able to order Internet service providers to shut down the accounts of copyright cheats who ignored two warnings to stop .
The council said the proposal was contrary to French constitutional principles , like the presumption of innocence and freedom of speech .
The latter right “ implies today , considering the development of the Internet , and its importance for the participation in democratic life and the expression of ideas and opinions , the online public ’s freedom to access these communication services , ” the council said .
Teva Regule interviews Sister Aemiliane of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross Monastery , Thebes , Greece .
Originally published in the St. Nina Quarterly , Volume 3 , No. 4 .
Teva :
First of all , I want to thank you for taking the time for this interview and sharing your thoughts with the readers of The St. Nina Quarterly .
You are originally from Kansas and came to Boston to pursue graduate studies in education at Harvard University .
While in Boston , you were received into the Orthodox Church .
Would you tell us about your journey to the Church – what attracted you to Orthodoxy .
Sister Aemiliane : I knew nothing about Orthodoxy growing up .
I was friends with Mary Ford , now a professor at St. Tikhon ’s [ Orthodox Seminary in South Canaan , Penn . ] who was the first person to tell me about Orthodoxy .
She was studying theology and literature at that time and was able to explain some things to me about the difference in theology – what Orthodox theology is and what the West says theology is .
Orthodox theology seemed to me so obviously more adequate , natural , and just … true .
There were other things that I did n’t understand , did n’t like , or was repelled by , but one thing that I understood was that these people knew about prayer .
They knew about the connection between the mind and the body .
Those were enough to interest me .
I still had an attract / repel relationship with the Church .
I had to turn inside out in order to enter the Church .
T. : Can you elaborate on that ?
S.A. : I had all the fashionable feminist conceptions of my age , education , and culture .
I found that these very much restricted what I was able even to see and hear in the Church .
For instance , I was offended by the thought that only men can be priests and , walking into a church , I did n’t even see that the Panagia [ all holy , Mary ] was the biggest thing in the Church .
She is the first thing we see .
On the iconostasis both Christ and the Panagia are present and are the same size .
Anyone else is smaller and farther away .
She is beside Christ .
I did n’t hear the prayers in which you cannot end a prayer without saying , “… remembering our Most Holy Lady … ”
You ca n’t even say a prayer without calling the Panagia to mind .
But I did n’t hear that .
I was so busy with my ideas about what it would mean if women were suppressed or honored or whatever .
Another blindness had to do not only with my constructs but with the Church itself – what it is like in America .
I was all busy with the fact that women ca n’t go in the altar , when the fact is that no one can go in the altar unless they have a reason and a blessing to do so .
When I was in the Holy Land on a pilgrimage , I noticed that the Panagia ’s tomb is the altar of a church .
The pilgrims are passing by – in it , in front of it , through it , kissing it .
When it comes time for the Liturgy , that stops for the brief time of the service , and then it continues [ after the service . ]
You go to the tomb of Christ and the tomb itself is the table of preparation – the piece of stone that was sealing the tomb is the altar .
The pilgrims are passing in and venerating the tomb of Christ , and the rock becomes the altar during the Liturgy .
In Bethlehem , the altar is built over the star that is embedded in the floor of the place of the Nativity .
There is no iconostasis .
I was in the cave for the Christmas Liturgy right in with the star – there was nothing between me and it .
Pilgrims enter , venerate the star , falling on their faces , and then grab onto the altar table to pull themselves up .
My trip to the Holy Land radically changed my whole experience of everything .
From the Holy Land I went to Greece , where I visited my first women ’s monastery ( there were almost none in America at that time ) .
In a women ’s monastery , not only do the nuns serve in the altar , but you see the nuns taking the blessing of the abbess – as well as lay people , men and women .
Even priests and monks take the blessing of the abbess or nuns .
I then began to realize that all this stuff that I had in my head [ regarding hierarchy and patriarchy ] was not applicable .
And was in large part blown out of proportion by the unnatural state of the Church in America , made up almost entirely of parishes with very few , if any , monasteries .
This is quite in addition to the fact that when speaking of power issues with Christ and the Holy Spirit we have everything upside down .
The beatitudes are the reversal of all the categories and of all secular ambitions , values , and interpretations of what good is and what power is , what strength is ; the secular and political assumptions of what is important are all upside down .
In addition , although already in the Orthodox Church at the time , I did n’t receive all the sensations that I had expected from what I thought was a hierarchical , liturgical church .
I think that was also because of the way the space is used in an Orthodox church .
Everything is included .
Icons are everywhere – behind you , in front of you , to the side , above you .
The incense is everywhere .
You do n’t have a linear or vertical perception of things .
T. : In the summer of 1981 , two walkways collapsed at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Kansas City , killing 114 people and injuring many others .
You were severely injured when you were trapped by the fallen beams and debris .
I was actually in Boston that summer ( prior to relocating to the area ) and I remember praying for someone named , Melanie [ Sister Aemiliane ] .
I did n’t think I would ever meet you in person .
Would you tell us about that experience and your subsequent recovery ?
S.A. : I had a burst fracture of the third lumbar vertebra .
My spinal cord was badly twisted and crushed with pieces of bone sticking in it .
The initial X - rays compelled the X - ray technicians to jump up and down in amazement when they saw that I had sensation , because the X - rays showed a huge piece of bone right where the spinal cord is , indicating that my spinal cord was almost undoubtedly severed .
It was n’t , but I was paralyzed from the waist down .
I had a bunch of ribs broken , a compound fracture of the ankle , my lung collapsed ….
T. : And yet , here you are today .
S.A. : The first part of recovery was being extracted from the rubble .
Many people died who were not hurt as badly as I was , because they could n’t get them out in time .
( This is what is happening now in Turkey and Athens [ The recent earthquakes in these areas ] .
There are people who are experiencing what it is to be buried alive or just crushed and killed . )
It was impossible for others to get to me .
And it was impossible for me to be extracted in time to survive .
T. : Do you remember that ?
S.A. : Yes , I do – in detail .
I remember that I was crushed – bent over with my face between my knees .
I could n’t move anything except my right hand slightly from side to side .
There was not enough room even to breathe – there were sixty tons on top of me .
My knees broke my ribs .
At some point my sister pulled on my right hand but could n’t move me .
Then , at some point I spoke to my guardian angel : “ Where are you ? ” I felt my right hand clasped , without pulling , and then I was out .
I was lying on my back , totally free of the rubble .
Someone I did not recognize was holding me and told me that I would be OK .
No one remembers seeing this person .
T. : This experience must have affected your life in many ways .
How did it affect your spiritual life ?
S.A. : The fact of the virgin birth , in which Christ came out of the womb without destroying virginity , without pain .
The fact of the Resurrection , in which He rose from the tomb without moving the rock .
It was sealed until the angel moved it away .
The fact of the experience of the disciples when they were in the upper room and the doors were shut , but Christ came in – not as a spirit or as a metaphor or phantom , but in His flesh .
He ate and drank .
The disciples stuck their fingers in His wounds .
This was all made very real to me .
This is not because I am something .
It is because of the prayer of holy persons who have purified their hearts by incredible commitment , by scathing honesty before their father confessor , themselves , and God , by humbling themselves to the extreme and becoming like Christ – full of Christ .
It is nothing more than a witness to that – to the power of prayer , the power of the love of God , which is resurrection and life .
It is the fact of the resurrection .
T. : How did you decide to follow the monastic way of life ?
S.A. : Although I did n’t think about it at the time logically , the whole of my life was as broken as my back .
The whole of my life was as paralyzed as my body .
114 people were killed .
So what matters after that ?
What could bear that much meaning ?
What could express or feel that much , as to include a connection forever with all those people , all those souls ?
Only living for them and for everyone .
At that point , my studies lost whatever meaning they had .
I got well .
I could do anything – marry , have a career .
A year after the accident , if you just saw me , you would n’t have been able to tell [ that I had been so seriously injured ] .
The doctors are still totally mystified about it and they openly admit it .
They had told my parents that I might not live , but if I lived , I would never walk .
And then I received Holy Communion on the eighth day [ after the accident ] , and I moved my whole left foot .
So they said , “ We do n’t know , maybe she will walk , but it will be a year in the hospital with braces and canes . ”
I left after three months – with a body brace , but with no braces on my legs , and with two canes .
So my doctor in Kansas City said and still says that , “ We never could explain you , we ca n’t and that is it . ”
So , I could do anything , but I did n’t care enough about any career to give myself to it .
Nothing in the secular life meant enough to me .
In that moment no doctor , no scientist , no social worker , no psychologist , no member of my family , no loved one , no friend – nothing – could help me ; all the technology in the world was n’t enough to have saved me .
And the others died .
Nine months later I was still in great need after all that had happened and with everything black in front of me .
I came to Holy Cross [ Seminary in Brookline , Mass . ] for confession with a Hieromonk from Holy Mountain , Fr. Dionysios ( He had been invited to the seminary by Archbishop Iakovos during all of Great Lent to offer guidance to the students and faculty ) .
I am still eating the spiritual bread he gave me at that moment .
Some months later , he sent me a picture of his Elder , Archimandrite Aemilianos , Abbot of Simonos Petras Monastery , Mt. Athos .
I was totally shocked .
I recognized his likeness as the one who pulled me out from under the tons of debris after the accident .
Then I knew .
What saved me was the prayer of the Elder Aemilianos – someone who was on the other side of the world in his monastery without ever having set foot in America , in the flesh .
There was no reason why he should or could know me .
I had heard of him and his spiritual son , my Elder , Dionysios , but had no idea I could ever meet them .
After that , I found out that the day of the accident was his namesday – 18 July , the feast day of St. Aemilianos the martyr .
So it became clear to me in my very blood and broken bones , without this being at all , ever , an analytical thought , that the prayer of a pure – purified !
– heart is the most powerful thing in the cosmos .
By the way , on the old calendar , on the Holy Mountain , it was 5 July , which is the feast day of St. Athanasios the Athonite , the father of cenobitic [ communal ] monasticism on Mount Athos in the tenth century .
Many times we do an all - night vigil on 5 July to celebrate this feast .
At the beginning we start reading about the life of St. Athanasios .
Every year we only get part way through .
By that time that part is finished in Orthros , or ( if we are reading it during the meal ) the meal is finished .
I had never read the end .
The “ end ” of the story is that St. Athanasios the Athonite was killed by the collapse of a new building .
I then saw the icon of the guardian angel ( here , in Boston , at the Monastery of the Holy Transfiguration ) , on which is written a prayer from Compline that says , “ Take me by my wretched and outstretched hand … . ”
When the structure of things is wrong or increasingly inadequate , the only hope is to break it all apart and then it can be restructured – a new creation .
Gerontas [ Elder ]
Aemilianos said to me sometime much later that God prepares and provides in the life of every person a “ Hyatt ” that is the bridge to the new life .
T. : You first joined a large monastery in Greece , Ormilia , a sister monastery to one on Mount Athos – under the spiritual direction of the Elder Aemilianos .
You were in a new country with a different culture and language .
Would you tell us of your experience living and praying in that environment ?
S.A. : Yes .
It was paradise .
It ’s true that it was hard work .
It was work to learn Greek and everything else .
But Gerontas Aemilianos said to me , “ Exile is a very heavy work . ”
You can become a monk or a nun without undertaking exile .
Becoming a stranger in terms of country and culture is not necessarily part of it .
But it is in some cases .
So he said , xeniteia , exile , is a very heavy work .
So then , when I sometimes felt tired , I thought , “ Well of course I am tired , it ’s natural , it is a very heavy work . ”
He saved me in this way , as in many other ways .
T. : You are now part of a new , international women ’s monastery outside of Athens in Thebes – the Exaltation of the Holy Cross .
The community includes women from many different parts of the world – Romania , Russia , Britain , South Africa , Israel , Norway , Switzerland , Germany , Greece , and the United States .
In what ways do the various cultural backgrounds of the community influence your lives together ?
S.A. : It is Pentecost all the time – we have a continual feast of Pentecost .
The different languages make it abundantly clear that communication is not absolutely dependent on language nor is miscommunication largely a matter language .
It has mainly to do with the clarity of heart , the honesty , the humility , and the sacrifice of the people involved in the communication .
T. : Do you learn things from them because they come from so many different backgrounds ?
S.A. : All the time – every day , every month .
It is like a mosaic .
There is such beauty and such possibilities , such talent , such strengths that are cultural and these all come together .
It sounds like a stereotype , but our Abbess is German and she is a very good administrator .
She has a mind “ like a computer , ” but she has a heart and spirit first .
So when you see this kind of strength , which is common from her culture , when you put this kind of power under and at the disposal of and at the direction of the spirit and of obedience and of a humble heart , then you have an incredible thing .
It is not just being an administrator .
If this power is at the service of the heart , then you have miracles happening all the time .
In our monastery it is impossible to go on our natural charisms , because the thing would n’t hold together for five minutes .
But if someone is there in the Holy Spirit , humbling herself and repenting all the time for her sins , which are the things that divide one from the other people and make it impossible for us to live together , then the whole thing turns into something divine .
T. : Are there advantages to being a monastic in an Orthodox country ?
S.A. : Oh , yes .
The simple people from the village teach us what we are and who we are by their expectations , by their holy hearts , by their faith , which is just mind - boggling , by their humility , by their gratitude – especially since so many of us are converts from Western countries who have not grown up in the Church .
When you hear the immediate reactions and incredible sensitivity , from someone who may not even be a college graduate – in order to orient what I want to say according to the assumptions and values of western culture – then you say , “ Wow ! ”
You realize that this is from this culture of prayer , the courtesy , the kindness , the sensitivity which is from centuries of life in the Church .
There is a spontaneous piety totally without affectation .
For example , I remember my mind being blown away as a convert when I was in a village in Greece at the very beginning and I was walking along the street and an adolescent boy was coming around the corner on his bicycle .
He was steering with his left hand and making the sign of the cross with his right hand because he was going around the church .
It was totally natural with every motion baptized with grace .
T. : Based on your experience in helping to build a new monastery in Greece , what advice do you have for establishing and building up monastic communities in the U.S. ( or other non-majority Orthodox countries ) ?
S.A. : This is a burning issue .
I think Fr. Sophrony ( a great elder from England , a saint – holy monastic of our time who very much loved both my geronta , Dionysios and his geronta , Aemilianos ) said to me ( although I did n’t have enough experience to even formulate the question at the time ) , “ The Orthodox monastery is organically related to its surroundings , and so , ” he said , “ the very same Tradition – the life of the Holy Spirit in the Church – when it is in a Western , non-Orthodox country , will look very different and its forms will seem very different than in a traditional Orthodox country – in order to be the same .
In order to be that same genuine Orthodox monasticism . ”
When he said this to me , I did n’t have any idea where to connect this or where to apply it .
Now at that time Fr. Sophrony was already going on ninety years old and frail .
In addition , it was winter .
I was sent to him by my Elder and he knew that and accepted me , and when he finished counseling me he said , “ Now we are going to go to my cell and we are going to walk like this ( arm and arm ) .
This way , if anyone sees us they will hesitate to approach . ”
I did n’t find anything strange in that .
I was very honored and happy because when you are near someone who is holy you feel very happy .
We set off .
As we were going along .
I said , “ Can you give me an example of what you just said , about how Orthodox Monasticism is different in a non-Orthodox country ? ”
And he says to me , with a slightly indignant – as in “ Obviously ! ” – and emphatic tone , “ Well !
In Greece we could never walk like this . ”
At that time , I had never been to Greece .
It is true .
It is just unthinkable .
And what this means to me now , in relation to your question , is that you ca n’t take a Greek or Russian monastery and just put it lock , stock and barrel someplace else .
The meaning of Fr. Sophrony ’s words is very , very powerful .
If you have a carbon copy from one context placed in a different context , then almost by that very fact , you are deforming the Tradition .
I realize that that may be taken as an extremely radical thing to say .
But it means that the rare virtue of diakrisis , discretion , is necessary .
You can be an actual saint and yet not happen to have that particular virtue , as far as I understand .
Yet only with this virtue can it be distinguished in the Holy Spirit what must be rejected , what can and must be baptized , what corresponds to and serves and expresses living Tradition .
T. : As a monastic , what do you see as some of the important issues facing women in the Church today ?
S.A. : In the Holy Land , for instance , it becomes clear that to be a Christian is more and more like it was in the beginning to be a Christian .
I think what we have to realize is that Christianity is counter - cultural .
It is radically different .
It is a continual change of mind .
It is continual repentance , a continual sobriety which challenges even the most fashionable and almost universally accepted presuppositions and values of our cultures and times .
Everything around is not necessarily able to be incorporated into the life of the Spirit .
We are a little flock – a dynamic leaven .
The Lord says to us , “ Fear not little flock . ”
We have to not be afraid to be different , not afraid to be looked down on , misunderstood , and even be ridiculed or suffer for being different .
T. : Once again , I want to thank you for sharing your thoughts , experiences , and feelings with our readers .
You have given us much to reflect upon .
Interview : 12 September 1999 .
Published in the St. Nina Quarterly , Volume 3 , No. 4 .
Susan Boyle was runner - up in the talent show on Saturday night Britain 's Got Talent runner - up Susan Boyle has been taken to The Priory Clinic in London with exhaustion .
The Scottish singing sensation is said to be drained after losing out to dance group Diversity on the ITV1 show .
Her brother , Gerry , told the BBC that Susan was " fine " but feeling homesick and " showing signs of anxiety " .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown wished the star well .
" I hope Susan Boyle is okay because she is a really , really nice person , " he told GMTV .
He had added that he had spoken to Simon Cowell and Piers Morgan to check on Boyle 's progress .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Downing Street said Mr Brown had been concerned about her welfare - although he did not vote for her after watching Saturday 's final .
Rest and recovery On Sunday , it emerged Boyle was taking time off on the advice of a doctor .
Television company TalkbackThames released a statement : " Following Saturday night 's show , Susan is exhausted and emotionally drained .
" She has been seen by her private GP who supports her decision to take a few days out for rest and recovery . "
" We offer her our ongoing support and wish her a speedy recovery . "
At 1800 BST , officers were called to a London hotel where doctors were assessing a woman who was later taken by ambulance to a clinic , police said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
However , Gerry Boyle played down reports that his sister has mental health problems .
" That 's all been played up in the press and , obviously , the stories go on and on and on .
" She tends to get a wee bit anxious , it 's just part of her character , " he explained , adding that she was currently " surrounded by people she does n't really know " .
Mr Boyle said his advice to Susan had been to " take a couple of days off " so she could " come back down to earth " .
' Emotionally drained '
Boyle became an international singing sensation after first performing I Dreamed A Dream in the contest , a song she reprised for the final .
Her performances have attracted millions of hits on video - sharing websites and led to an appearance on the Oprah Winfrey show .
HAVE YOUR SAY Susan will still have success I am sure if she can overcome her present problems Jane , Portsmouth Britain 's Got Talent judge Piers Morgan told GMTV the attention Boyle received was " crazy " and " nobody could have predicted it " .
" She was n't used to it , and just needs a break , " he later told the BBC .
" She said she was exhausted , she said she was physically and mentally drained , she 'd been sick a few times in the previous week , had n't been sleeping , had n't been eating - and had found the whole weight of the world 's media pressure crashing down on her shoulders , " he added .
The show 's winners , Diversity , said Boyle had been very gracious in defeat , congratulating and joking with them backstage .
" I feel for her because she had a lot of hype around her and she did n't ask for it , " the group 's choreographer , Ashley Banjo , told ITV1's This Morning .
" She 's going to have a great career anyway , and I wish her well in whatever she does .
She 's a really nice lady . "
Fellow contestants Stavros Flatley - aka Demetrious Demetriou and his son Michalakis " Lagi " Andreas - told BBC Radio 5 Live 's Victoria Derbyshire show they could sympathise with Boyle 's situation .
" It 's really , really tiring and even Lagi 's not too well this morning so we said that he was n't going to go to school , " said Mr Demetriou .
Boyle found herself the focus of media attention at her home in Scotland " It 's just so draining .
They did warn us , they did say to us it 's such an adrenaline rush and you got to be really careful the next couple of days after . "
Publicist Max Clifford said people in Boyle 's situation " need people around them to understand how the business works . "
He added that " everyone connected to the show has a responsibility " to help contestants , but its makers - including Simon Cowell - would be aware of this .
Fred O'Neil , one of Boyle 's friends who was her voice coach , said it was a " sad situation " .
" She just was caught up in all of this and I think that she will never have had an idea , at the beginning , the price that she might have to pay . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tags
I realize it must be difficult to maintain a constant barrage of " just breaking " financial news stories , but CNBC really puts out some doozies .
Take for example a recent article titled , " Higher Savings Rate Is Great , But What About the Economy ? "
When the title itself is nonsense — why would high savings be great if they destroyed the economy ? — you know the article will be chock full of entertaining assertions and faulty logic .
The article opens with the news hook :
Households pushed their savings rate to the highest level in more than 15 years in May as a big boost in incomes from the government 's stimulus program was devoted more to bolstering nest eggs than increased spending .
With apologies to Michelle Obama , let me say that for the first time in 15 years , I am proud to be an American .
Most people in this country were living beyond their means from 2002 to 2006 , in part because of an unsustainable housing boom set in motion through easy credit from the Fed .
Now that the bubble has burst , the obvious solution is for most people in this country to live below their means for several years .
As all the data indicate , that is precisely what Americans in their private lives are choosing to do .
Freedom works ; market prices guide people to make the necessary adjustments after a big surprise .
Of course , CNBC and the government can't leave well enough alone :
The higher savings rate is healthy in the long term , economists said .
But without vigorous consumer spending , the government may have to do more to revive the economy , possibly through further tax breaks and spending .
By now , we have all been desensitized to talk such as the above , but even so , let 's go through it slowly and reflect on its vacuity .
First , if " higher savings is healthy in the long term , " then government deficit spending must be harmful in the long term !
In terms of total savings , the government 's increased debt counterbalances the private sector 's increased thrift .
Behind all of the sophisticated models and diagrams , the basic intuition of Keynesianism is that spending leads to prosperity .
This is such a crude , layperson view , that it is shocking to find it still so resilient in academia .
Perhaps the only thing even cruder would be the theory that printing up dollar bills leads to prosperity .
I hate to break it to you folks , but I 've just described the two leading schools of thought on the matter .
In contrast to the Keynesian and Chicago School ( at least when they 're discussing depressions ) , the Austrians recognize that we do n't need to " lie " to the market economy .
If investors have poured trillions of dollars into mortgage - backed securities that were riskier than originally thought , those investors need to own up to the consequences .
They 're adults , they can handle the news .
If the government had minded its own business after the housing bubble popped , then interest rates ( particularly for certain corporations ) would have shot up , and " aggregate demand " may have fallen sharply .
But those reactions would be the correct direction for the economy to take .
Yes , if households spend less today on consumption , in order to bolster their savings , then the downside is … less consumption today .
Nobody denies that .
Of course , the benefit is a better - funded retirement , or the ability to send the kids to college .
So if households across the country are opting for less consumption today in order to have more wealth in the future , why are the politicians ( and CNBC ) trying to thwart their plans ?
The sophisticated Keynesian will come up with a story about the " paradox of thrift , " in which we all try to save more and end up broke .
But c'mon , that 's crazy .
For one thing , countries with high rates of savings also have high rates of economic growth .
Far from impoverishing a country , higher savings leads to higher investment .
Beyond that , the Keynesian call for " stimulus " spending is absurd on the face of it .
It 's true that there is a large coordination problem , when consumers suddenly cut back on their normal spending behavior .
Businesses need to adjust to the new realities , and try to guess where people will be spending their dollars in the future .
But why would the government be any help in this process ?
How in the world does a one - shot $ 787 billion injection of spending on purely political projects do anything to help the private sector reconfigure itself to the new economic fundamentals after the housing bubble has popped ?
Let 's grab another quote from the article :
Economists are hoping that improved spending will help support a rebound in economic activity .
Nigel Gault , chief U.S. economist at IHS Global Insight , forecast that consumers would remain cautious going forward but that even dampened increases in spending should be enough to jump - start economic growth .
" We do expect spending to creep slowly higher in the second half of the year as the labor market deterioration becomes less severe , " he said in a research note .
I really do n't understand all the pussyfooting here .
If it were really as simple as consumers " spending , " why does n't the government just levy a 95 % tax on dividends and capital gains ?
Better yet , why not give the electric chair to anyone who saves more than 2 % of his income ?
I 'm being serious .
The federal government kills people to get its way all the time , so why should it be different when it comes to saving the entire global economy ?
If the American consumer is too dense to realize that it's in his own interest to blow his whole paycheck at the mall , then why not use some good old - fashioned coercion ?
That 's what we do when it comes to drugs and the draft .
Oh wait , I just realized the source of the inconsistency .
The reason the government does n't force you to spend all of your money , is that you would reap the short - term benefits .
Much better for the politicians to " borrow " money from you and spend it themselves on their favored projects .
It is a very basic mistake to assume that increases in consumer spending cause the economy to grow .
The Keynesian equation , GDP = C + I + G + ( X - M ) , is an accounting tautology .
Total output ( measured in dollars ) must be equal to the summation of consumption , investment , government expenditures , and net exports .
But even though the equation is true , it does not follow that an increase in C on the right hand side , will necessarily mean an increase in GDP on the left hand side .
Another way to balance the equation would be for something else on the right hand side to go down ( like investment ! ) .
In a recent blog post , Tyler Cowen gave the best illustration of this fallacy that I have ever read .
In response to a reader asking which sector would drive the economic recovery , Tyler wrote ,
[ W ] hen the word " drive " is used , we are smuggling in a causal category .
There is no guarantee that any particular decomposition of the national income [ identifies ] the relevant causal components for what will " drive " recovery .
How would it sound if you aggregated national income by zip code or county ( or household ) and asked where the boost to drive recovery would come from ?
Such an approach might not be on the right conceptual track .
[ Emphasis added . ]
It 's understandable that the politicians would get up there and propose that we lend them a few trillion dollars to hand out to their friends .
But why do sober economists lend their voice to the madness , and why do financial reporters continue to quote them ?
Let 's just hope it 's all an honest mistake .
North Korea : Obama is plotting a nuclear war against us
North Korea has accused US President Barack Obama of plotting a nuclear war against the country , when the US started to go into dialogue with South Korea regarding assurances of security for them .
“ The US - touted provision of ‘ extended deterrence , including a nuclear umbrella ’ ( for South Korea ) is nothing but ‘ a nuclear war plan , ' ” stated Tongil Sinbo , a weekly publication , on its Saturday edition .
“ [ US President Barack Obama and South Korean President Lee Myung - Bak ] are trying to ignite a nuclear war “ .
Tongil Sinbo noted that the fact that the US was bringing in nuclear arms into South Korea was no coincidence , and also accused the US - driven daily war drills as exercises that looked for opportunities to invade North Korea .
Starbucks to serve booze
In an effort to reel in more customers , a Starbucks in Seattle will begin serving beer and wine to their customers starting next week .
The store will be renamed “ 15th Ave. Coffee and Tea , ” and will host live music and book and poetry readings .
You know , like what a local coffeehouse used to look like — before Starbucks .
All products sold will also be re-branded to match the store ’s name , and espresso will be brewed manually , rather than from an automated machine .
The coffee company plans to test its new approach in two additional Seattle stores but do n’t expect it to happen outside of the city anytime soon .
It ’s only a market test .
What do you think of Starbucks ’ new store idea ?
[ Image via flickr ]
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Africa is not a country , and Africans generally do not live in trees or hunt game with spears .
Nor do they all walk around in the nude among lions and zebras .
Chinedu Ezeamuzie shows some of his company 's Web designs after an interview last week .
African immigrants to the United States say cartoonish caricatures and a Western media penchant for reporting on Africa 's disease , hunger and war -- rather than the continent 's successes -- trivialize their cultures .
They complain they have trouble dispelling the stereotypes once they arrive in the States .
They concede , though , the myths run both ways and some say they were surprised to find their values more often aligned with those of white Americans than African - Americans .
" I have been laughed at because of my accent and asked all the ignorant questions , " said iReporter Ajah - Aminata N'daw , 25 , of Fall River , Massachusetts .
" Questions like : Did I live on a tree ?
Roam the jungles naked ?
Have wild animals at home ? "
N'daw emigrated from Dakar , Senegal , in 2001 .
She works in a hair - braiding salon and has met African - Americans who share her values of hard work and family , but in most cases , " we are raised differently , taught different values and held up to a different moral code . "
iReport : Read why N'daw is not African - American
Gaddafi Nkosi , 18 , recently graduated from The Piney Woods School , a historically African - American boarding school about 22 miles southeast of Jackson , Mississippi .
He has since returned to Pretoria , South Africa , but recalled well the misnomers he faced in the U.S .
" I came down from South Africa and so many people thought that maybe that 's a jungle or maybe I 'd go out chasing lions or something like that , " he said .
African , black students find common ground at Mississippi school »
' Black in America 2 '
In July , Soledad O'Brien investigates what African - Americans are doing to confront the most challenging issues facing their communities .
You 'll meet people who are using groundbreaking solutions in innovative ways to transform the black experience .
July 22 & 23 , 8 p.m. ET see full schedule »
Nkosi's American classmates acknowledge their misconceptions .
Cydney Smith , 17 , of Nashville , Tennessee , said she once believed Africa was populated with " uncivilized tribes . "
Raphael Craig , 17 , of Hyattsville , Maryland , said the television misinformed him as well .
Before Craig visited the continent in 2005 and 2006 , he thought of Africans as " half - naked , running around with tigers in the jungle , " Craig said , confessing he was unaware tigers roam only Asia .
But in Ghana and Nigeria , Craig saw children playing the same games he and his siblings played .
He saw many signs of modernity , including Mercedes and other brands of cars found in the United States .
" OK , this country is running how we 're running , just two different schools , " Craig recalled thinking .
" It really opened my eyes to the point that everything you see on TV is not always the actual thing . "
If the Western media are doing Africans no favors , then the African media are also a disservice to African - Americans because it portrays them as criminals , some immigrants say .
Sandi Litia , 19 , a Piney Woods graduate from Limulunga , Zambia , said she was initially scared of African - Americans because the African media show them " wearing clothes like gangsters and killing each other . "
Nkosi concurred that African media " made it seem as if they were these aggressive people that did nothing constructive with their lives except occupy prison space . "
Trying to fit in
Chinedu Ezeamuzie , 21 , of Athens , Georgia , arrived in 2003 .
He had spent the majority of his life in Jabriya , Kuwait , and came to the U.S. to pursue his education .
The recent Georgia
Tech graduate said he considers himself Nigerian because his parents -- both from the village of Uga -- instilled in their four children strong Nigerian values of family , community , spirituality and self - betterment .
Test your Africa knowledge with a quiz »
In Athens , Ezeamuzie found his ideals at odds with those who shared his skin color at Clarke Central High School , his first stint in a public school .
On his first day , he donned khakis , a button - down dress shirt and nice leather shoes .
He caught the African - Americans ' attention upon stepping into the cafeteria , he said .
" They give me the look , " he said .
" Why is this guy dressed like the white folks , like the preppy guys ? "
Africans in America U.S. states with the highest African immigrant populations :
 California ( 143,882 )
 New York ( 141,958 )
 Texas ( 110,042 )
 Maryland ( 109,751 )
 New Jersey ( 78,527 )
 Georgia ( 69,548 )
 Virginia ( 66,724 )
 Massachusetts ( 65,151 )
 Minnesota ( 63,612 )
 Florida ( 59,176 )
Source : U.S. Census Bureau
Ezeamuzie did n't understand why so few black students were in his advanced - placement classes .
He did n't understand the de facto lunchroom segregation or the accusing glances he got for eating with white classmates .
One classmate called him a traitor and asked , " Do you not like black people ? "
" My whole life I had reaped benefits from being in different circles and bridging them , " so he wanted to fit in , he said .
iReport :
What are the unique struggles of being African in America ?
He found clothes akin to what he saw many African - Americans wearing --- baggy pants and an oversized T - shirt .
He relaxed his British - trained tongue and tried out for the basketball team , the 6 - foot - 5 Ezeamuzie said .
Ezeamuzie recalled finding himself more confused by his experience with some African - Americans :
Why were they so cliquish ?
Why did they mock students for being intelligent ?
Why were they homophobic and bent on using the n-word ?
Why did every conversation seem to involve drugs , girls or materialism ?
" They kind of accepted me .
They saw me a little differently , but I was thinking this is a very narrow mindset , " Ezeamuzie said .
Ezeamuzie and other Africans say they feel African - Americans too often dwell on slavery and the racism that has persisted for more than a century since the Emancipation Proclamation .
" We have all been tortured , " said iReporter Vera Ezimora , 24 , a Nigerian student living in Baltimore , Maryland .
" Now that we are free , holding on to the sins of white men who have long died and gone to meet their maker is more torture than anything we have suffered . "
iReport : Read about questions Ezimora faced when she came to the U.S .
Values at core of misunderstanding ?
Martin Mohammed , president of the U.S. African Chamber of Commerce , estimates there are 3 million African immigrants in the U.S. -- about twice the U.S. Census Bureau estimate .
He has heard from numerous immigrants struggling to find commonalities with Americans who share their skin color .
Mohammed emigrated from Somalia in 1998 and is now naturalized .
He considers himself African - American , but " it does not mean that I have already assimilated into the culture . "
Values and upbringings may lie at the center of the cultures ' misunderstanding of each other , he said .
Many Africans come to the U.S. to escape dire conditions such as poverty or civil war .
Their objectives are often advancing their education or finding good jobs , Mohammed said .
They also strive to reunite their families , or at least support them back home .
Remittances from the U.S. to Africa total about $ 20 billion annually , according to the World Bank .
However , African immigrants find that education and good jobs elude their African - American brethren , and there is a perception that many African - American men are n't committed to supporting their families , Mohammed said .
The two cultures have much to teach each other -- especially politically and economically -- but they must accept they have something to learn .
" Honestly , what we need to do is realize both cultures are important , " Mohammed said .
Myths thrive on ignorance
i Reporter Emeka Aniukwu , 35 , hails from Ebenebe , Nigeria , and said he has heard all the American misperceptions about Africa , but the cure to ignorance is communication .
He began dating Sonya Roberts , 25 , of Austin , Texas , shortly after he arrived in the U.S. in March 2005 .
She taught him about African - American culture , and he taught her about Nigeria .
The couple married two years ago .
" Talk to people , stop showing ugly face and do n't be shy about your accent , " he advised African immigrants .
" Most of the media coverage about Africa is all about hunger , diseases and war , so what do you expect ?
People are curious and just want to know , so calm down and educate them as much as you can . "
iReport : Read why Aniukwu loves Africa - Americans
At Piney Woods , where about 35 of the 200 students emigrate from Africa , the school 's president , Reginald Nichols , concurs that education is integral to understanding .
He 's heard Africans say the African - Americans are aggressive , while the African - Americans accuse Africans of being reserved -- but the more they mingle the more they mesh , he said .
" You have the African students tell me that they have learned so much about standing up from the African - American students , and the African - American students said they 've learned how to simmer down , so it 's a wonderful thing , " Nichols said .
Mohammed , too , said he'd like to see more African - Americans dispelling myths about Africa , which is increasingly important as Africans in the U.S. begin wielding more economic influence .
The chamber estimates African immigrants have about $ 50 billion in annual purchasing power .
Numbers from the University of Georgia 's Selig Center of Economic Growth indicate the number is just behind the nation 's Native American community , which had $ 61.8 billion in buying power last year .
The entire African - American market was estimated at $ 913 billion and the Hispanic market at $ 951 billion .
History dictates that economic power precedes political power .
Mohammed said Africans can learn much about politics from African - Americans because of their " level of influence in Washington . "
" I'm also interested to the extent that the black population can play a role in solving global conflict .
We can help these discussions around the globe , but we must begin here in the U.S.A. , " he said .
i Reporter Faraji Goredenna , 53 , of Layton , Utah , said he encourages African - Americans to learn more about Africa and lend a hand to Africans so they know " America 's institutions and opportunities are open to them , too . "
iReport : Read how Goredenna embraces both cultures
But he'd like a symbiotic relationship , he said , explaining , " We African - Americans want to learn more about our history and culture as it exists in Africa , but we have also created a culture for ourselves here that we ask our brothers and sisters from Africa to respect . "
CNN 's Jackie Adams contributed to this report .
All About Senegal • Nigeria • South Africa • Zambia • Somalia
I remember how chuffed I was when I discovered I could use my Panasonic music centre to tape my mates ' vinyl record collections .
On just two C120s I recorded the Hawkwind back catalogue and still had space to tack on the best of X - ray Spex ( 1979 was a musically - confusing year ) .
The music centre was the first mass - produced legal downloader and millions of us created vast vaults of tapes of our favourite bands .
I do n't remember any heavies from the record industry turning up on my doorstep to threaten me with prosecution for illegal taping .
And I do n't recall any sanctimonious hectoring about stealing from the mouths of starving artists .
They do n't make music centres any more .
But they do send the men in black round if you try to avoid paying for your albums .
Illegal downloading in the UK has become a massive threat to the music and film industries .
In 1997 , 78 million singles were sold in the UK ; last year , it was just 8.6 m .
It is estimated that half the population has engaged in some sort of nefarious downloading in the last five years .
So what is being done to stop it and what can you expect if you are caught illegally downloading music , film and TV show files ?
The first thing to note is that the internet is not the law - free community that its architects had intended when it was dreamt up 30 years ago .
In the 1970s and 1980s , record companies were happy to turn a blind eye to the taping of albums , largely because there had to be at least one hard copy purchase before the copying could begin .
That is not the case with the huge range of downloading options offered on the internet .
In Britain there is an equally - dazzling raft of copyright laws that can be invoked to prosecute offenders .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , as amended by the Copyright and Trade Marks ( Offences and Enforcement ) Act 2002 , currently protects copyrighted materials .
People who distribute and download copyrighted recordings without permission face civil actions for potentially thousands of pounds of damages .
Make no mistake : British copyright law is needlessly strict because it was born in an age that could not have envisaged the challenges of the internet .
A recent survey of consumer rights ' groups found that the UK was the least consumer - friendly of 16 countries examined in the report .
There is , for example , no general " fair use " exception .
Illegal downloading can also constitute a criminal offence if the downloader distributes the material .
Infringement of piracy and bootlegging laws can lead to hefty fines and even imprisonment if someone is caught making copies for the purpose of selling or hiring them to others .
The penalties for copyright offences depend on seriousness , but at the higher end of the scale it can lead to an appearance before a magistrate where the sanction for distributing unauthorised files is a fine of up to £ 5,000 or six months ' imprisonment .
The worst cases may be sent to the Crown Court , which has the power to impose an unlimited fine and up to 10 years ' imprisonment .
Those downloaders who can show that all their music and films copied from the internet are only for personal use will escape the full weight of the criminal law .
But that does not mean personal use downloading is legal .
Taking a song or film without paying for it is a breach of copyright .
The real issue here is detection and the steps the industries are taking to enforce their members ' rights .
In a recent development , the British Phonographic Industry has started working with big internet service providers such as Virgin .
Thanks to the ISPs ' access to IP addresses , the BPI and the ISPs can contact individuals suspected of illegal downloading .
Stern letters have been sent which issue threats of disconnection if the file sharing is not discontinued .
The BPI has even threatened file - sharers with a court appearance .
But as ever with rapid internet developments , it is America which is leading the way in copyright prosecution .
In some US states the online infringement of copyrighted music can be punished by up to three years ' jail and £ 150,000 in fines .
Repeat offenders can be imprisoned for up to six years .
Individuals may be held civilly liable – regardless of whether the activity is for profit – for actual damages or lost profits , or for statutory damages up to £ 90,000 per infringed copyright .
In the USA the industry is putting fake tracks on file - sharing networks to track down your IP .
Bob May , a British PR , found out the hard way how seriously record companies are taking the issue .
While copying an unreleased album for work , he accidently left a file - sharing site open on his computer .
It was only a few minutes before he realised his mistake but in that time a track had already been downloaded .
" A couple of weeks later , on Christmas Day , I got a phone call from a man employed by the record company who wanted to know how the song had been leaked .
He called every day for a week and insisted on meeting , " May explains .
" Two guys in long black coats turned up at my work , trying to intimidate me .
We resolved it , but they said if it happened again , they 'd use the full force of the law . "
But can the iron - fist approach really stop us doing a little bit of illicit downloading ?
The mind - boggling scope of what is freely available on the internet has brought temptation into the home .
Many of us have got used to not paying for our music and films and there is a discernible cultural resistance to making us pay for something that has been has been free for years .
The internet has turned us into a nation of freeloaders .
When record companies try to tell us we are no better than shoplifters , we do n't believe them .
You would n't go into a record shop and run off with a bag of CDs , the executives complain .
But we might if the record or DVD store had been giving away free stuff for years and then suddenly started charging us for it .
And album sales are n't haemorrhaging in the doom - mongering way we have been led to believe .
Single sales have dropped , but 28 million more albums were sold last year than a decade ago , including digital sales .
Live performances , which account for more than half of the industry 's profits , are unaffected by downloads – and may even be boosted by the opportunity they offer for young people on tight budgets to sample the music they might like to hear at a concert .
These are not arguments embraced by the music or film industries , which retort that only a small proportion of musicians and film - workers make a comfortable living .
Their industries should be treated like other businesses , where not paying for a product or service is not tolerated .
Geoff Taylor , the Chief Executive of the BPI , says : " There is not an acceptable level of file - sharing .
Musicians need to be paid like everyone else . "
While this debate has run back and forth for years , the Government has done little more than keep a watching brief , neither coming to the rescue of the music and film business by enforcing sanctions against illegal downloaders nor offering an amnesty to the guilty .
That changed last month with a report from Digital Britain , an organisation set up by the Government to ensure that the nation exploits the internet to its full economic capacity .
Launched last year , its aim was to establish a pattern for digital growth in the UK economy .
One of the biggest challenges Digital Britain had to look at was how to balance the interests of the internet user and the industries .
The Government now promises to crack down on illegal file - sharing and supports sending warning letters to those making illegal downloads of music and films .
Ofcom will also be allowed to release the identities of serial infringers to make it easier for music and film companies to sue them .
Lord Carter , the communications minister , said : " We think online piracy is wrong .
Creative companies , rights owners and individuals have a right to protection .
We wish to put in place a legal framework that provides those protections . "
The ISPs are caught in the middle .
They protest that it is not their job to police the internet and cutting off customers is bad for business .
Nor do they want to be responsible for criminalising 15 - year - olds for downloading songs in their bedrooms .
The truth is , if you want to copy music for free without fear of legal action , trawl the junk shops for technology launched in the 1970s as the greatest leap in integrated hi-fi entertainment .
Liberty Gospel Tracts offers a large variety of Gospel tracts on a variety of subjects , but they all are meant to clearly reveal the truth of the gospel .
We have tracts in English , Spanish , Portuguese , and one tract in South African , all of which are to be distributed free of charge .
The folks at Raven Software have been hard at work finishing up Wolfenstein in time for its August 4th release , and have released footage of an enemy type known as the Assassins .
And true to their name , they hide in the shadows , their presence barely noticeable until it ’s too late .
Check out the footage below and let us know what you think !
British Airways on Tuesday urged its staff to work for nothing in an effort to save the company money .
British Airways is struggling to come up with ways to save cash after reporting its biggest full - year loss since the former national airline was privatized in 1987 .
BA chief Willie Walsh has said he would not draw a salary for the month of July , and urged other employees to work for blocks of time without being paid .
“ I am looking for every single part of the company to take part in some way in this cash - effective way of helping the company ’s survival plan .
It really counts , ” Walsh said in a company publication .
Advertisement
The airline said the option meant employees would in effect volunteer to take a cut in base pay , with the lost income spread out over several months .
The company said last month that it would ask employees to consider working without pay .
The Unite union , which represents thousands of BA ground and cabin crew members , gave the proposal a chilly reception .
The union said that although Walsh might be able to afford working a month for free , its members could not .
BA said last month that it had lost 375 million pounds ( $ 595 million ) in the year that ended March 31 , compared with a profit the previous year .
That is its worst result in more than two decades of business .
Een toespraak om rillingen van te krijgen .
Het kost u slechts zes minuten om even te luisteren naar de woorden van dit meisje van 12 voor de United Nations .
Wordt je toch even helemaal stil van .
Waar het over gaat ?
Over u …………. en uw wereld !
Zie ook : Impressive Speech by Xiuhtezcatl at the United Nations General Assembly on Climate Change – Leonardo DiCaprio ’s ( UN Messenger of Peace ) Address to the United Nations
World Environmental Day 2016 – WED 2016 : The Fight Against the Illigal Wildlife Trade – World Environmental Day 2015 – WED 2015 : Seven Billion Dreams , One Planet , Consume with Care – World Environmental Day 2014 – WED 2014 : Raise Your Voice , Not the Sea Level – World Environmental Day 2013 – WED 2013 : Think , Eat , Save – World Environmental Day 2012 – WED 2012 : Green Economy , Does it include YOU ?
– World Environmental Day 2011 – WED 2011 : Forests : Nature At Your Service – World Environment Day 2010 – WED 2010 : Many Species .
One Planet .
One Future – World Environment Day 2009 – WED 2009 : The movie HOME en Gucci HOME T - shirt and bag – World Environment Day 2008 – WED 2008 : Kick the Habit !
A SLEEPY seaside hamlet in northern NSW has been named Best Town in Australia by a panel of tourism and travel experts .
Yamba , a township of 5600 people whose sole industry is fishing and best known as the town closest to Angourie , one of Australia 's most famous surf breaks , beat some of Australia 's tourism " hot spots " to top the list of the best 100 towns .
According to the survey conducted by Australian Traveller magazine , Port Douglas , Broome , Byron Bay , Port Fairy and Margaret River were among the towns pipped by Yamba .
Australian Traveller editor Greg Barton said Yamba 's selection as top town , along with the second choice of Esperance , in southern Western Australia , was surprising .
He said they had qualified as outsiders but that both could be described as " coastal fishing gems " .
" Yamba … may be upset at being named the Best Town in Australia .
Their idyllic secret is out and they may have to share , " Mr Barton said .
He said to choose the 100 best towns , the panellists were presented with a short list of 300 towns .
In a state - by state breakdown of the listings , NSW had 29 towns in the top 100 , Victoria 16 , Queensland 16 , South Australia 13 , WA 13 and Tasmania seven .
AAP
Listen Now Where We Walk : We ’re Here , Too In the second episode of Where We Walk , we share the stories of three women who have made an impact in the outdoors with their different perspectives and identities .
A secret weapon intended to blast through the Nazis Normandy defences is re-created to mark the 65th anniversary of the D - Day invasion .
A replica of the Great Panjandrum , a giant drum powered by rockets and carrying a ton of high explosives , was set off this morning along the beach at Westward Ho ! in North Devon , where the original trials took place .
The Great Panjandrum was never used in battle because it was judged too unpredictable and too dangerous to its own side .
During testing in 1944 , the prototype veered wildly off course and careered towards an audience of top brass and VIPs who were forced to flee from their vantage point on a shingle ridge
Credit : PICTURE IT NOW
As the summer crawls into its later stages , the weather outside is heating up ( in the Northern hemisphere at least ) .
Cool waters call out to those who would leap in , momentarily letting gravity have its way with them , pulling them down as they flail , shout or twist .
Collected here are a handful of photos of divers around the world , showing their professional artistry , daredevil bravado , or just simple joy as they take the plunge .
( 35 photos total
Cory Doctorow is the author of the novels Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom , Eastern Standard Tribe , and Someone Comes to Town , Someone Leaves Town .
Forthcoming are Little Brother and a novel with the working title Themepunks .
His short fiction , which has appeared in a variety of magazines –from Asimov ’s Science Fiction to Salon.com–has been collected in A Place So Foreign and Eight More and in Overclocked : Stories of the Future Present .
He is a three - time winner of the Locus Award , a winner of the Canadian Starburst Award , has been nominated for both the Hugo and Nebula Awards , and in 2000 , he won the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer .
Doctorow is also the co-editor of Boing Boing , an online “ directory of wonderful things . ”
“ When Sysadmins Ruled the Earth ” first appeared in the online magazine Jim Baen ’s Universe , and won the 2007 Locus Award for best novelette .
In this story , sysadmins –computer systems administrators –huddle in their network operations centers , after a series of disasters ends civilization .
The Internet was supposedly designed to withstand a nuclear blast ; in this story , Doctorow–a former sysadmin himself–asks :
If the Internet did survive the apocalypse , what would the surviving techs do after the world ended ?
The entire text of this story appears here courtesy of the author .
When Sysadmins Ruled the Earth
by Cory Doctorow
When Felix ’s special phone rang at two in the morning , Kelly rolled over and punched him in the shoulder and hissed , “ Why did n’t you turn that fucking thing off before bed ? ”
“ Because I ’m on call , ” he said .
“ You ’re not a fucking doctor , ” she said , kicking him as he sat on the bed ’s edge , pulling on the pants he ’d left on the floor before turning in .
“ You ’re a goddamned systems administrator . ”
“ It ’s my job , ” he said .
“ They work you like a government mule , ” she said .
“ You know I ’m right .
For Christ ’s sake , you ’re a father now , you ca n’t go running off in the middle of the night every time someone ’s porn supply goes down .
Do n’t answer that phone . ”
He knew she was right .
He answered the phone .
“ Main routers not responding .
BGP not responding . ”
The mechanical voice of the systems monitor did n’t care if he cursed at it , so he did , and it made him feel a little better .
“ Maybe I can fix it from here , ” he said .
He could login to the UPS for the cage and reboot the routers .
The UPS was in a different netblock , with its own independent routers on their own uninterruptible power - supplies .
Kelly was sitting up in bed now , an indistinct shape against the headboard .
“ In five years of marriage , you have never once been able to fix anything from here . ”
This time she was wrong — he fixed stuff from home all the time , but he did it discreetly and did n’t make a fuss , so she did n’t remember it .
And she was right , too — he had logs that showed that after 1AM , nothing could ever be fixed without driving out to the cage .
Law of Infinite Universal Perversity — AKA Felix ’s Law .
Five minutes later Felix was behind the wheel .
He had n’t been able to fix it from home .
The independent router ’s netblock was offline , too .
The last time that had happened , some dumbfuck construction worker had driven a ditch - witch through the main conduit into the data - center and Felix had joined a cadre of fifty enraged sysadmins who ’d stood atop the resulting pit for a week , screaming abuse at the poor bastards who labored 24 - 7 to splice ten thousand wires back together .
His phone went off twice more in the car and he let it override the stereo and play the mechanical status reports through the big , bassy speakers of more critical network infrastructure offline .
Then Kelly called .
“ Hi , ” he said .
“ Do n’t cringe , I can hear the cringe in your voice . ”
He smiled involuntarily .
“ Check , no cringing . ”
“ I love you , Felix , ” she said .
“ I ’m totally bonkers for you , Kelly .
Go back to bed . ”
“ 2.0 ’s awake , ” she said .
The baby had been Beta Test when he was in her womb , and when her water broke , he got the call and dashed out of the office , shouting , ‘ The Gold Master just shipped ! ’
They ’d started calling him 2.0 before he ’d finished his first cry .
“ This little bastard was born to suck tit . ”
“ I ’m sorry I woke you , ” he said .
He was almost at the data center .
No traffic at 2AM .
He slowed down and pulled over before the entrance to the garage .
He did n’t want to lose Kelly ’s call underground .
“ It ’s not waking me , ” she said .
“ You ’ve been there for seven years .
You have three juniors reporting to you .
Give them the phone .
You ’ve paid your dues . ”
“ I do n’t like asking my reports to do anything I would n’t do , ” he said .
“ You ’ve done it , ” she said .
“ Please ?
I hate waking up alone in the night .
I miss you most at night . ”
“ Kelly — ”
“ I ’m over being angry .
I just miss you is all .
You give me sweet dreams . ”
“ OK , ” he said .
“ Simple as that ? ”
“ Exactly .
Simple as that .
Ca n’t have you having bad dreams , and I ’ve paid my dues .
From now on , I ’m only going on night call to cover holidays . ”
She laughed .
“ Sysadmins do n’t take holidays . ”
“ This one will , ” he said .
“ Promise . ”
“ You ’re wonderful , ” she said .
“ Oh , gross .
2.0 just dumped core all over my bathrobe . ”
“ That ’s my boy , ” he said .
“ Oh that he is , ” she said .
She hung up , and he piloted the car into the data - center lot , badging in and peeling up a bleary eyelid to let the retinal scanner get a good look at his sleep - depped eyeball .
He stopped at the machine to get himself a guarana / medafonil power - bar and a cup of lethal robot - coffee in a spill - proof clean - room sippy - cup .
He wolfed down the bar and sipped the coffee , then let the inner door read his hand - geometry and size him up for a moment .
It sighed open and gusted the airlock ’s load of positively pressurized air over him as he passed finally to the inner sanctum .
It was bedlam .
The cages were designed to let two or three sysadmins maneuver around them at a time .
Every other inch of cubic space was given over to humming racks of servers and routers and drives .
Jammed among them were no fewer than twenty other sysadmins .
It was a regular convention of black tee - shirts with inexplicable slogans , bellies overlapping belts with phones and multitools .
Normally it was practically freezing in the cage , but all those bodies were overheating the small , enclosed space .
Five or six looked up and grimaced when he came through .
Two greeted him by name .
He threaded his belly through the press and the cages , toward the Ardent racks in the back of the room .
“ Felix . ”
It was Van , who was n’t on call that night .
“ What are you doing here ? ” he asked .
“ No need for both of us to be wrecked tomorrow . ”
“ What ?
Oh .
My personal box is over there .
It went down around 1:30 and I got woken up by my process - monitor .
I should have called you and told you I was coming down — spared you the trip . ”
Felix ’s own server — a box he shared with five other friends — was in a rack one floor down .
He wondered if it was offline too .
“ What ’s the story ? ”
“ Massive flashworm attack .
Some jackass with a zero - day exploit has got every Windows box on the net running Monte Carlo probes on every IP block , including IPv6 .
The big Ciscos all run administrative interfaces over v6 , and they all fall over if they get more than ten simultaneous probes , which means that just about every interchange has gone down .
DNS is screwy , too — like maybe someone poisoned the zone transfer last night .
Oh , and there ’s an email and IM component that sends pretty lifelike messages to everyone in your address book , barfing up Eliza - dialog that keys off of your logged email and messages to get you to open a Trojan . ”
“ Jesus . ”
“ Yeah . ”
Van was a type - two sysadmin , over six - feet - tall , long pony - tail , bobbing Adam ’s apple .
Over his toast - rack chest , his tee said CHOOSE YOUR WEAPON and featured a row of polyhedral RPG dice .
Felix was a type - one admin , with an extra seventy or eighty pounds all around the middle , and a neat but full beard that he wore over his extra chins .
His tee said HELLO CTHULHU and featured a cute , mouthless , Hello - Kitty - style Cthulhu .
They ’d known each other for fifteen years , having met on Usenet , then f2f at Toronto Freenet beer - sessions , a Star Trek convention or two , and eventually Felix had hired Van to work under him at Ardent .
Van was reliable and methodical .
Trained as an electrical engineer , he kept a procession of spiral notebooks filled with the details of every step he ’d ever taken , with time and date .
“ Not even PEBKAC this time , ” Van said .
Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair .
Email trojans fell into that category — if people were smart enough not to open suspect attachments , email trojans would be a thing of the past .
But worms that ate Cisco routers were n’t a problem with the lusers — they were the fault of incompetent engineers .
“ No , it ’s Microsoft ’s fault , ” Felix said .
“ Any time I ’m at work at 2 AM , it ’s either PEBKAC or Microsloth . ”
They ended up just unplugging the frigging routers from the Internet .
Not Felix , of course , though he was itching to do it and get them rebooted after shutting down their IP v6 interfaces .
It was done by a couple bull - goose Bastard Operators From Hell who had to turn two keys at once to get access to their cage — like guards in a Minuteman silo .
95 percent of the long distance traffic in Canada went through this building .
It had better security than most Minuteman silos .
Felix and Van got the Ardent boxes back online one at a time .
They were being pounded by worm - probes — putting the routers back online just exposed the downstream cages to the attack .
Every box on the Internet was drowning in worms , or creating worm - attacks , or both .
Felix managed to get through to NIST and Bugtraq after about a hundred timeouts , and download some kernel patches that should reduce the load the worms put on the machines in his care .
It was 10 AM , and he was hungry enough to eat the ass out of a dead bear , but he recompiled his kernels and brought the machines back online .
Van ’s long fingers flew over the administrative keyboard , his tongue protruding as he ran load - stats on each one .
“ I had two hundred days of uptime on Greedo , ” Van said .
Greedo was the oldest server in the rack , from the days when they ’d named the boxes after Star Wars characters .
Now they were all named after Smurfs , and they were running out of Smurfs and had started in on McDonaldland characters , starting with Van ’s laptop , Mayor McCheese .
“ Greedo will rise again , ” Felix said .
“ I ’ve got a 486 downstairs with over five years of uptime .
It ’s going to break my heart to reboot it . ”
“ What the everlasting shit do you use a 486 for ? ”
“ Nothing .
But who shuts down a machine with five years uptime ?
That ’s like euthanizing your grandmother . ”
“ I wanna eat , ” Van said .
“ Tell you what , ” Felix said .
“ We ’ll get your box up , then mine , then I ’ll take you to the Lakeview Lunch for breakfast pizzas and you can have the rest of the day off . ”
“ You ’re on , ” Van said .
“ Man , you ’re too good to us grunts .
You should keep us in a pit and beat us like all the other bosses .
It ’s all we deserve . ”
“ It ’s your phone , ” Van said .
Felix extracted himself from the guts of the 486 , which had refused to power up at all .
He had cadged a spare power - supply from some guys who ran a spam operation and was trying to get it fitted .
He let Van hand him the phone , which had fallen off his belt while he was twisting to get at the back of the machine .
“ Hey , Kel , ” he said .
There was an odd , snuffling noise in the background .
Static , maybe ?
2.0 splashing in the bath ?
“ Kelly ? ”
The line went dead .
He tried to call back , but did n’t get anything — no ring nor voicemail .
His phone finally timed out and said NETWORK ERROR .
“ Dammit , ” he said , mildly .
He clipped the phone to his belt .
Kelly wanted to know when he was coming home , or wanted him to pick something up for the family .
She ’d leave voicemail .
He was testing the power - supply when his phone rang again .
He snatched it up and answered it .
“ Kelly , hey , what ’s up ? ”
He worked to keep anything like irritation out of his voice .
He felt guilty : technically speaking , he had discharged his obligations to Ardent Financial LLC once the Ardent servers were back online .
The past three hours had been purely personal — even if he planned on billing them to the company .
There was sobbing on the line .
“ Kelly ? ”
He felt the blood draining from his face and his toes were numb .
“ Felix , ” she said , barely comprehensible through the sobbing .
“ He ’s dead , oh Jesus , he ’s dead . ”
“ Who ?
Who , Kelly ? ”
“ Will , ” she said .
Will ?
he thought .
Who the fuck is — ” He dropped to his knees .
William was the name they ’d written on the birth certificate , though they ’d called him 2.0 all along .
Felix made an anguished sound , like a sick bark .
“ I ’m sick , ” she said , “ I ca n’t even stand anymore .
Oh , Felix .
I love you so much . ”
“ Kelly ?
What ’s going on ? ”
“ Everyone , everyone — ” she said .
“ Only two channels left on the tube .
Christ , Felix , it looks like dawn of the dead out the window — ” He heard her retch .
The phone started to break up , washing her puke - noises back like an echoplex .
“ Stay there , Kelly , ” he shouted as the line died .
He punched 911 , but the phone went NETWORK ERROR again as soon as he hit SEND .
He grabbed Mayor McCheese from Van and plugged it into the 486 ’s network cable and launched Firefox off the command line and googled for the Metro Police site .
Quickly , but not frantically , he searched for an online contact form .
Felix did n’t lose his head , ever .
He solved problems and freaking out did n’t solve problems .
He located an online form and wrote out the details of his conversation with Kelly like he was filing a bug report , his fingers fast , his description complete , and then he hit SUBMIT .
Van had read over his shoulder .
“ Felix — ” he began .
“ God , ” Felix said .
He was sitting on the floor of the cage and he slowly pulled himself upright .
Van took the laptop and tried some news sites , but they were all timing out .
Impossible to say if it was because something terrible was happening or because the network was limping under the superworm .
“ I need to get home , ” Felix said .
“ I ’ll drive you , ” Van said .
“ You can keep calling your wife . ”
They made their way to the elevators .
One of the building ’s few windows was there , a thick , shielded porthole .
They peered through it as they waited for the elevator .
Not much traffic for a Wednesday .
Where there more police cars than usual ?
“ Oh my God — ” Van pointed .
The CN Tower , a giant white - elephant needle of a building loomed to the east of them .
It was askew , like a branch stuck in wet sand .
Was it moving ?
It was .
It was heeling over , slowly , but gaining speed , falling northeast toward the financial district .
In a second , it slid over the tipping point and crashed down .
They felt the shock , then heard it , the whole building rocking from the impact .
A cloud of dust rose from the wreckage , and there was more thunder as the world ’s tallest freestanding structure crashed through building after building .
“ The Broadcast Centre ’s coming down , ” Van said .
It was — the CBC ’s towering building was collapsing in slow motion .
People ran every way , were crushed by falling masonry .
Seen through the port - hole , it was like watching a neat CGI trick downloaded from a file - sharing site .
Sysadmins were clustering around them now , jostling to see the destruction .
“ What happened ? ” one of them asked .
“ The CN Tower fell down , ” Felix said .
He sounded far away in his own ears .
“ Was it the virus ? ”
“ The worm ?
What ? ”
Felix focused on the guy , who was a young admin with just a little type - two flab around the middle .
“ Not the worm , ” the guy said .
“ I got an email that the whole city ’s quarantined because of some virus .
Bioweapon , they say . ”
He handed Felix his Blackberry .
Felix was so engrossed in the report — purportedly forwarded from Health Canada — that he did n’t even notice that all the lights had gone out .
Then he did , and he pressed the Blackberry back into its owner ’s hand , and let out one small sob .
The generators kicked in a minute later .
Sysadmins stampeded for the stairs .
Felix grabbed Van by the arm , pulled him back .
“ Maybe we should wait this out in the cage , ” he said .
“ What about Kelly ? ” Van said .
Felix felt like he was going to throw up .
“ We should get into the cage , now . ”
The cage had microparticulate air - filters .
They ran upstairs to the big cage .
Felix opened the door and then let it hiss shut behind him .
“ Felix , you need to get home — ”
“ It ’s a bioweapon , ” Felix said .
“ Superbug .
We ’ll be OK in here , I think , so long as the filters hold out . ”
“ What ? ”
“ Get on IRC , ” he said .
They did .
Van had Mayor McCheese and Felix used Smurfette .
They skipped around the chat channels until they found one with some familiar handles .
> pentagons gone / white house too
> MY NEIGHBORS BARFING BLOOD OFF HIS BALCONY IN SAN DIEGO
> Someone knocked over the Gherkin .
Bankers are fleeing the City like rats .
> I heard that the Ginza ’s on fire
Felix typed : I ’m in Toronto .
We just saw the CN Tower fall .
I ’ve heard reports of bioweapons , something very fast .
Van read this and said , “ You do n’t know how fast it is , Felix .
Maybe we were all exposed three days ago . ”
Felix closed his eyes .
“ If that were so we ’d be feeling some symptoms , I think . ”
> Looks like an EMP took out Hong Kong and maybe Paris — realtime sat footage shows them completely dark , and all netblocks there are n’t routing
> You ’re in Toronto ?
It was an unfamiliar handle .
> Yes — on Front Street
> my sisters at UofT and i cnt reach her — can you call her ?
> No phone service
Felix typed , staring at NETWORK PROBLEMS .
“ I have a soft phone on Mayor McCheese , ” Van said , launching his voice - over - IP app .
“ I just remembered . ”
Felix took the laptop from him and punched in his home number .
It rang once , then there was a flat , blatting sound like an ambulance siren in an Italian movie .
> No phone service
Felix typed again .
He looked up at Van , and saw that his skinny shoulders were shaking .
Van said , “ Holy motherfucking shit .
The world is ending . ”
Felix pried himself off of IRC an hour later .
Atlanta had burned .
Manhattan was hot — radioactive enough to screw up the webcams looking out over Lincoln Plaza .
Everyone blamed Islam until it became clear that Mecca was a smoking pit and the Saudi Royals had been hanged before their palaces .
His hands were shaking , and Van was quietly weeping in the far corner of the cage .
He tried calling home again , and then the police .
It did n’t work any better than it had the last 20 times .
He sshed into his box downstairs and grabbed his mail .
Spam , spam , spam .
More spam .
Automated messages .
There — an urgent message from the intrusion detection system in the Ardent cage .
He opened it and read quickly .
Someone was crudely , repeatedly probing his routers .
It did n’t match a worm ’s signature , either .
He followed the traceroute and discovered that the attack had originated in the same building as him , a system in a cage one floor below .
He had procedures for this .
He portscanned his attacker and found that port 1337 was open — 1337 was “ leet ” or “ elite ” in hacker number / letter substitution code .
That was the kind of port that a worm left open to slither in and out of .
He googled known sploits that left a listener on port 1337 , narrowed this down based on the fingerprinted operating system of the compromised server , and then he had it .
It was an ancient worm , one that every box should have been patched against years before .
No mind .
He had the client for it , and he used it to create a root account for himself on the box , which he then logged into , and took a look around .
There was one other user logged in , “ scaredy , ” and he checked the proccess monitor and saw that scaredy had spawned all the hundreds of processes that were probing him and plenty of other boxen .
He opened a chat :
> Stop probing my server
He expected bluster , guilt , denial .
He was surprised .
> Are you in the Front Street data - center ?
> Yes
> Christ I thought I was the last one alive .
I ’m on the fourth floor .
I think there ’s a bioweapon attack outside .
I do n’t want to leave the clean room .
Felix whooshed out a breath .
> You were probing me to get me to trace back to you ?
> Yeah
> That was smart
Clever bastard .
> I ’m on the sixth floor , I ’ve got one more with me .
> What do you know ?
Felix pasted in the IRC log and waited while the other guy digested it .
Van stood up and paced .
His eyes were glazed over .
“ Van ? Pal ? ”
“ I have to pee , ” he said .
“ No opening the door , ” Felix said .
“ I saw an empty Mountain Dew bottle in the trash there . ”
“ Right , ” Van said .
He walked like a zombie to the trash can and pulled out the empty magnum .
He turned his back .
> I ’m Felix
> Will
Felix ’s stomach did a slow somersault as he thought about 2.0 .
“ Felix , I think I need to go outside , ” Van said .
He was moving toward the airlock door .
Felix dropped his keyboard and struggled to his feet and ran headlong to Van , tackling him before he reached the door .
“ Van , ” he said , looking into his friend ’s glazed , unfocused eyes .
“ Look at me , Van . ”
“ I need to go , ” Van said .
“ I need to get home and feed the cats . ”
“ There ’s something out there , something fast - acting and lethal .
Maybe it will blow away with the wind .
Maybe it ’s already gone .
But we ’re going to sit here until we know for sure or until we have no choice .
Sit down , Van. Sit. ”
“ I ’m cold , Felix . ”
It was freezing .
Felix ’s arms were broken out in gooseflesh and his feet felt like blocks of ice .
“ Sit against the servers , by the vents .
Get the exhaust heat . ”
He found a rack and nestled up against it .
> Are you there ?
> Still here — sorting out some logistics
> How long until we can go out ?
> I have no idea
No one typed anything for quite some time then .
Felix had to use the Mountain Dew bottle twice .
Then Van used it again .
Felix tried calling Kelly again .
The Metro Police site was down .
Finally , he slid back against the servers and wrapped his arms around his knees and wept like a baby .
After a minute , Van came over and sat beside him , with his arm around Felix ’s shoulder .
“ They ’re dead , Van , ” Felix said .
“ Kelly and my s — ” son .
My family is gone . ”
“ You do n’t know for sure , ” Van said .
“ I ’m sure enough , ” Felix said .
“ Christ , it ’s all over , is n’t it ? ”
“ We ’ll gut it out a few more hours and then head out .
Things should be getting back to normal soon .
The fire department will fix it .
They ’ll mobilize the Army .
It ’ll be OK . ”
Felix ’s ribs hurt .
He had n’t cried since — Since 2.0 was born .
He hugged his knees harder .
Then the doors opened .
The two sysadmins who entered were wild - eyed .
One had a tee that said TALK NERDY TO ME and the other one was wearing an Electronic Frontiers Canada shirt .
“ Come on , ” TALK NERDY said .
“ We ’re all getting together on the top floor .
Take the stairs . ”
Felix found he was holding his breath .
“ If there ’s a bioagent in the building , we ’re all infected , ” TALK NERDY said .
“ Just go , we ’ll meet you there . ”
“ There ’s one on the sixth floor , ” Felix said , as he climbed to his feet .
“ Will , yeah , we got him .
He ’s up there . ”
TALK NERDY was one of the Bastard Operators > From Hell who ’d unplugged the big routers .
Felix and Van climbed the stairs slowly , their steps echoing in the deserted shaft .
After the frigid air of the cage , the stairwell felt like a sauna .
There was a cafeteria on the top floor , with working toilets , water and coffee and vending machine food .
There was an uneasy queue of sysadmins before each .
No one met anyone ’s eye .
Felix wondered which one was Will and then he joined the vending machine queue .
He got a couple more energy bars and a gigantic cup of vanilla coffee before running out of change .
Van had scored them some table space and Felix set the stuff down before him and got in the toilet line .
“ Just save some for me , ” he said , tossing an energy bar in front of Van .
By the time they were all settled in , thoroughly evacuated , and eating , TALK NERDY and his friend had returned again .
They cleared off the cash - register at the end of the food - prep area and TALK NERDY got up on it .
Slowly the conversation died down .
“ I ’m Uri Popovich , this is Diego Rosenbaum .
Thank you all for coming up here .
Here ’s what we know for sure : the building ’s been on generators for three hours now .
Visual observation indicates that we ’re the only building in central Toronto with working power — which should hold out for three more days .
There is a bioagent of unknown origin loose beyond our doors .
It kills quickly , within hours , and it is aerosolized .
You get it from breathing bad air .
No one has opened any of the exterior doors to this building since five this morning .
No one will open the doors until I give the go - ahead .
“ Attacks on major cities all over the world have left emergency responders in chaos .
The attacks are electronic , biological , nuclear and conventional explosives , and they are very widespread .
I ’m a security engineer , and where I come from , attacks in this kind of cluster are usually viewed as opportunistic : group B blows up a bridge because everyone is off taking care of group A ’s dirty nuke event .
It ’s smart .
An Aum Shin Rikyo cell in Seoul gassed the subways there about 2 AM Eastern — that ’s the earliest event we can locate , so it may have been the Archduke that broke the camel ’s back .
We ’re pretty sure that Aum Shin Rikyo could n’t be behind this kind of mayhem : they have no history of infowar and have never shown the kind of organizational acumen necessary to take out so many targets at once .
Basically , they ’re not smart enough .
“ We ’re holing up here for the foreseeable future , at least until the bioweapon has been identified and dispersed .
We ’re going to staff the racks and keep the networks up .
This is critical infrastructure , and it ’s our job to make sure it ’s got five nines of uptime .
In times of national emergency , our responsibility to do that doubles . ”
One sysadmin put up his hand .
He was very daring in a green Incredible Hulk ring - tee , and he was at the young end of the scale .
“ Who died and made you king ? ”
“ I have controls for the main security system , keys to every cage , and passcodes for the exterior doors — they ’re all locked now , by the way .
I ’m the one who got everyone up here first and called the meeting .
I do n’t care if someone else wants this job , it ’s a shitty one .
But someone needs to have this job . ”
“ You ’re right , ” the kid said .
“ And I can do it every bit as well as you .
My name ’s Will Sario . ”
Popovich looked down his nose at the kid .
“ Well , if you ’ll let me finish talking , maybe I ’ll hand things over to you when I ’m done . ”
“ Finish , by all means . ”
Sario turned his back on him and walked to the window .
He stared out of it intensely .
Felix ’s gaze was drawn to it , and he saw that there were several oily smoke plumes rising up from the city .
Popovich ’s momentum was broken .
“ So that ’s what we ’re going to do , ” he said .
The kid looked around after a stretched moment of silence .
“ Oh , is it my turn now ? ”
There was a round of good - natured chuckling .
“ Here ’s what I think : the world is going to shit .
There are coordinated attacks on every critical piece of infrastructure .
There ’s only one way that those attacks could be so well coordinated : via the Internet .
Even if you buy the thesis that the attacks are all opportunistic , we need to ask how an opportunistic attack could be organized in minutes : the Internet . ”
“ So you think we should shut down the Internet ? ” Popovich laughed a little , but stopped when Sario said nothing .
“ We saw an attack last night that nearly killed the Internet .
A little DoS on the critical routers , a little DNS - foo , and down it goes like a preacher ’s daughter .
Cops and the military are a bunch of technophobic lusers , they hardly rely on the net at all .
If we take the Internet down , we ’ll disproportionately disadvantage the attackers , while only inconveniencing the defenders .
When the time comes , we can rebuild it . ”
“ You ’re shitting me , ” Popovich said .
His jaw literally hung open .
“ It ’s logical , ” Sario said .
“ Lots of people do n’t like coping with logic when it dictates hard decisions .
That ’s a problem with people , not logic . ”
There was a buzz of conversation that quickly turned into a roar .
“ Shut UP ! ” Popovich hollered .
The conversation dimmed by one Watt .
Popovich yelled again , stamping his foot on the countertop .
Finally there was a semblance of order .
“ One at a time , ” he said .
He was flushed red , his hands in his pockets .
One sysadmin was for staying .
Another for going .
They should hide in the cages .
They should inventory their supplies and appoint a quartermaster .
They should go outside and find the police , or volunteer at hospitals .
They should appoint defenders to keep the front door secure .
Felix found to his surprise that he had his hand in the air .
Popovich called on him .
“ My name is Felix Tremont , ” he said , getting up on one of the tables , drawing out his PDA .
“ I want to read you something .
“ ‘ Governments of the Industrial World , you weary giants of flesh and steel , I come from Cyberspace , the new home of Mind .
On behalf of the future , I ask you of the past to leave us alone .
You are not welcome among us .
You have no sovereignty where we gather .
“ ‘ We have no elected government , nor are we likely to have one , so I address you with no greater authority than that with which liberty itself always speaks .
I declare the global social space we are building to be naturally independent of the tyrannies you seek to impose on us .
You have no moral right to rule us nor do you possess any methods of enforcement we have true reason to fear .
“ ‘ Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed .
You have neither solicited nor received ours .
We did not invite you .
You do not know us , nor do you know our world .
Cyberspace does not lie within your borders .
Do not think that you can build it , as though it were a public construction project .
You cannot .
It is an act of nature and it grows itself through our collective actions . ’
“ That ’s from the Declaration of Independence of Cyberspace .
It was written 12 years ago .
I thought it was one of the most beautiful things I ’d ever read .
I wanted my kid to grow up in a world where cyberspace was free — and where that freedom infected the real world , so meatspace got freer too . ”
He swallowed hard and scrubbed at his eyes with the back of his hand .
Van awkwardly patted him on the shoe .
“ My beautiful son and my beautiful wife died today .
Millions more , too .
The city is literally in flames .
Whole cities have disappeared from the map . ”
He coughed up a sob and swallowed it again .
“ All around the world , people like us are gathered in buildings like this .
They were trying to recover from last night ’s worm when disaster struck .
We have independent power .
Food .
Water .
“ We have the network , that the bad guys use so well and that the good guys have never figured out .
“ We have a shared love of liberty that comes from caring about and caring for the network .
We are in charge of the most important organizational and governmental tool the world has ever seen .
We are the closest thing to a government the world has right now .
Geneva is a crater .
The East River is on fire and the UN is evacuated .
“ The Distributed Republic of Cyberspace weathered this storm basically unscathed .
We are the custodians of a deathless , monstrous , wonderful machine , one with the potential to rebuild a better world .
“ I have nothing to live for but that . ”
There were tears in Van ’s eyes .
He was n’t the only one .
They did n’t applaud him , but they did one better .
They maintained respectful , total silence for seconds that stretched to a minute .
“ How do we do it ? ” Popovich said , without a trace of sarcasm .
The newsgroups were filling up fast .
They ’d announced them in news.admin.net-abuse.email , where all the spamfighters hung out , and where there was a tight culture of camaraderie in the face of full - out attack .
The new group was alt.november5 - disaster .recovery , with .recovery.goverance , .recovery.finance , .recovery.logistics and .recovery .
defense hanging off of it .
Bless the wooly alt .
hierarchy and all those who sail in her .
The sysadmins came out of the woodwork .
The Googleplex was online , with the stalwart Queen Kong bossing a gang of rollerbladed grunts who wheeled through the gigantic data - center swapping out dead boxen and hitting reboot switches .
The Internet Archive was offline in the Presidio , but the mirror in Amsterdam was live and they ’d redirected the DNS so that you ’d hardly know the difference .
Amazon was down .
Paypal was up .
Blogger , Typepad and Livejournal were all up , and filling with millions of posts from scared survivors huddling together for electronic warmth .
The Flickr photostreams were horrific .
Felix had to unsubscribe from them after he caught a photo of a woman and a baby , dead in a kitchen , twisted into an agonized heiroglyph by the bioagent .
They did n’t look like Kelly and 2.0 , but they did n’t have to .
He started shaking and could n’t stop .
Wikipedia was up , but limping under load .
The spam poured in as though nothing had changed .
Worms roamed the network .
.recovery.logistics was where most of the action was .
> We can use the newsgroup voting mechanism to hold regional
> elections
Felix knew that this would work .
Usenet newsgroup votes had been running for more than twenty years without a substantial hitch .
> We ’ll elect regional representatives and they ’ll pick a Prime
> Minister .
The Americans insisted on President , which Felix did n’t like .
Seemed too partisan .
His future would n’t be the American future .
The American future had gone up with the White House .
He was building a bigger tent than that .
There were French sysadmins online from France Telecom .
The EBU ’s data - center had been spared in the attacks that hammered Geneva , and it was filled with wry Germans whose English was better than Felix’s .
They got on well with the remains of the BBC team in Canary Wharf .
They spoke polyglot English in .recovery.logistics , and Felix had momentum on his side .
Some of the admins were cooling out the inevitable stupid flamewars with the practice of long years .
Some were chipping in useful suggestions .
Surprisingly few thought that Felix was off his rocker .
> I think we should hold elections as soon as possible .
Tomorrow
> at the latest .
We ca n’t rule justly without the consent of the
> governed .
Within seconds the reply landed in his inbox .
> You ca n’t be serious .
Consent of the governed ?
Unless I miss my
> guess , most of the people you ’re proposing to govern are puking
> their guts out , hiding under their desks , or wandering
> shell - shocked through the city streets .
When do THEY get a vote ?
Felix had to admit she had a point .
Queen Kong was sharp .
Not many woman sysadmins , and that was a genuine tragedy .
Women like Queen Kong were too good to exclude from the field .
He ’d have to hack a solution to get women balanced out in his new government .
Require each region to elect one woman and one man ?
He happily clattered into argument with her .
The elections would be the next day ; he ’d see to it .
“ Prime Minister of Cyberspace ?
Why not call yourself the Grand Poobah of the Global Data Network ?
It ’s more dignified , sounds cooler and it ’ll get you just as far . ”
Will had the sleeping spot next to him , up in the cafeteria , with Van on the other side .
The room smelled like a dingleberry : twenty - five sysadmins who had n’t washed in at least a day all crammed into the same room .
For some of them , it had been much , much longer than a day .
“ Shut up , Will , ” Van said .
“ You wanted to try to knock the Internet offline . ”
“ Correction : I want to knock the Internet offline .
Present - tense ”
Felix cracked one eye .
He was so tired , it was like lifting weights .
“ Look , Sario — if you do n’t like my platform , put one of your own forward .
There are plenty of people who think I ’m full of shit and I respect them for that , since they ’re all running opposite me or backing someone who is .
That ’s your choice .
What ’s not on the menu is nagging and complaining .
Bedtime now , or get up and post your platform . ”
Sario sat up slowly , unrolling the jacket he had been using for a pillow and putting it on .
“ Screw you guys , I ’m out of here . ”
“ I thought he ’d never leave , ” Felix said and turned over , lying awake a long time , thinking about the election .
There were other people in the running .
Some of them were n’t even sysadmins .
A US Senator on retreat at his summer place in Wyoming had generator power and a satellite phone .
Somehow he ’d found the right newsgroup and thrown his hat into the ring .
Some anarchist hackers in Italy strafed the group all night long , posting broken - English screeds about the political bankruptcy of “ governance ” in the new world .
Felix looked at their netblock and determined that they were probably holed up in a small Interaction Design institute near Turin .
Italy had been hit very bad , but out in the small town , this cell of anarchists had taken up residence .
A surprising number were running on a platform of shutting down the Internet .
Felix had his doubts about whether this was even possible , but he thought he understood the impulse to finish the work and the world .
Why not ?
From every indication , it seemed that the work to date had been a cascade of disasters , attacks , and opportunism , all of it adding up to Götterdämmerung .
A terrorist attack here , a lethal counteroffensive there from an overreactive government …
Before long , they ’d made short work of the world .
He fell asleep thinking about the logistics of shutting down the Internet , and dreamed bad dreams in which he was the network ’s sole defender .
He woke to a papery , itchy sound .
He rolled over and saw that Van was sitting up , his jacket balled up in his lap , vigorously scratching his skinny arms .
They ’d gone the color of corned beef , and had a scaly look .
In the light streaming through the cafeteria windows , skin motes floated and danced in great clouds .
“ What are you doing ? ” Felix sat up .
Watching Van ’s fingernails rip into his skin made him itch in sympathy .
It had been three days since he ’d last washed his hair and his scalp sometimes felt like there were little egg - laying insects picking their way through it .
He ’d adjusted his glasses the night before and had touched the backs of his ears ; his finger came away shining with thick sebum .
He got blackheads in the backs of his ears when he did n’t shower for a couple days , and sometimes gigantic , deep boils that Kelly finally popped with sick relish .
“ Scratching , ” Van said .
He went to work on his head , sending a cloud of dandruff - crud into the sky , there to join the scurf that he ’d already eliminated from his extremeties .
“ Christ , I itch all over . ”
Felix took Mayor McCheese from Van ’s backpack and plugged it into one of the Ethernet cables that snaked all over the floor .
He googled everything he could think of that could be related to this .
“ Itchy ” yielded 40,600,000 links .
He tried compound queries and got slightly more discriminating links .
“ I think it ’s stress - related excema , ” Felix said , finally .
“ I do n’t get excema , ” Van said .
Felix showed him some lurid photos of red , angry skin flaked with white .
“ Stress - related excema , ” he said , reading the caption .
Van examined his arms .
“ I have excema , ” he said .
“ Says here to keep it moisturized and to try cortisone cream .
You might try the first aid kit in the second - floor toilets .
I think I saw some there . ”
Like all of the sysadmins , Felix had had a bit of a rummage around the offices , bathrooms , kitchen and store - rooms , squirreling away a roll of toilet - paper in his shoulder - bag along with three or four power - bars .
They were sharing out the food in the caf by unspoken agreement , every sysadmin watching every other for signs of gluttony and hoarding .
All were convinced that there was hoarding and gluttony going on out of eyeshot , because all were guilty of it themselves when no one else was watching .
Van got up and when his face hove into the light , Felix saw how puffed his eyes were .
“ I ’ll post to the mailing - list for some antihistamine , ” Felix said .
There had been four mailing lists and three wikis for the survivors in the building within hours of the first meeting ’s close , and in the intervening days they ’d settled on just one .
Felix was still on a little mailing list with five of his most trusted friends , two of whom were trapped in cages in other countries .
He suspected that the rest of the sysadmins were doing the same .
Van stumbled off .
“ Good luck on the elections , ” he said , patting Felix on the shoulder .
Felix stood and paced , stopping to stare out the grubby windows .
The fires still burned in Toronto , more than before .
He ’d tried to find mailing lists or blogs that Torontonians were posting to , but the only ones he ’d found were being run by other geeks in other data - centers .
It was possible — likely , even — that there were survivors out there who had more pressing priorities than posting to the Internet .
His home phone still worked about half the time but he ’d stopped calling it after the second day , when hearing Kelly ’s voice on the voicemail for the fiftieth time had made him cry in the middle of a planning meeting .
He was n’t the only one .
Election day .
Time to face the music .
> Are you nervous ?
> Nope ,
Felix typed .
> I do n’t much care if I win , to be honest .
I ’m just glad we ’re doing this .
The alternative was sitting around with our thumbs up our ass , waiting for someone to crack up and open the door .
The cursor hung .
Queen Kong was very high latency as she bossed her gang of Googloids around the Googleplex , doing everything she could to keep her data center online .
Three of the offshore cages had gone offline and two of their six redundant network links were smoked .
Lucky for her , queries - per- second were way down .
> There ’s still China
she typed .
Queen Kong had a big board with a map of the world colored in Google - queries - per- second , and could do magic with it , showing the drop - off over time in colorful charts .
She ’d uploaded lots of video clips showing how the plague and the bombs had swept the world : the initial upswell of queries from people wanting to find out what was going on , then the grim , precipitous shelving off as the plagues took hold .
> China ’s still running about ninety percent nominal .
Felix shook his head .
> You ca n’t think that they ’re responsible
> No
she typed , but then she started to key something and then stopped .
> No of course not .
I believe the Popovich Hypothesis .
Every asshole in the world is using the other assholes for cover .
But China put them down harder and faster than anyone else .
Maybe we ’ve finally found a use for totalitarian states .
Felix could n’t resist .
He typed :
> You ’re lucky your boss ca n’t see you type that .
You guys were pretty enthusiastic participants in the Great Firewall of China .
> Was n’t my idea
she typed .
> And my boss is dead .
They ’re probably all dead .
The whole Bay Area got hit hard , and then there was the quake .
They ’d watched the USGS ’s automated data - stream from the 6.9 that trashed northern Cal from Gilroy to Sebastapol .
Soma webcams revealed the scope of the damage — gas main explosions , seismically retrofitted buildings crumpling like piles of children ’s blocks after a good kicking .
The Googleplex , floating on a series of gigantic steel springs , had shook like a plateful of jello , but the racks had stayed in place and the worst injury they ’d had was a badly bruised eye on a sysadmin who ’d caught a flying cable - crimper in the face .
> Sorry .
I forgot .
> It ’s OK .
We all lost people , right ?
> Yeah .
Yeah .
Anyway , I ’m not worried about the election .
Whoever wins , at least we ’re doing SOMETHING
> Not if they vote for one of the fuckrags
Fuckrag was the epithet that some of the sysadmins were using to describe the contingent that wanted to shut down the Internet .
Queen Kong had coined it — apparently it had started life as a catch - all term to describe clueless IT managers that she ’d chewed up through her career .
> They wo n’t .
They ’re just tired and sad is all .
Your endorsement will carry the day
The Googloids were one of the largest and most powerful blocs left behind , along with the satellite uplink crews and the remaining transoceanic crews .
Queen Kong ’s endorsement had come as a surprise and he ’d sent her an email that she ’d replied to tersely : “ ca n’t have the fuckrags in charge . ”
> gtg
she typed and then her connection dropped .
He fired up a browser and called up google.com .
The browser timed out .
He hit reload , and then again , and then the Google front - page came back up .
Whatever had hit Queen Kong ’s workplace — power failure , worms , another quake — she had fixed it .
He snorted when he saw that they ’d replaced the O’s in the Google logo with little planet Earths with mushroom clouds rising from them .
“ Got anything to eat ? ” Van said to him .
It was mid-afternoon , not that time particularly passed in the data - center .
Felix patted his pockets .
They ’d put a quartermaster in charge , but not before everyone had snagged some chow out of the machines .
He ’d had a dozen power - bars and some apples .
He ’d taken a couple sandwiches but had wisely eaten them first before they got stale .
“ One power - bar left , ” he said .
He ’d noticed a certain looseness in his waistline that morning and had briefly relished it .
Then he ’d remembered Kelly ’s teasing about his weight and he ’d cried some .
Then he ’d eaten two power bars , leaving him with just one left .
“ Oh , ” Van said .
His face was hollower than ever , his shoulders sloping in on his toast - rack chest .
“ Here , ” Felix said .
“ Vote Felix . ”
Van took the power - bar from him and then put it down on the table .
“ OK , I want to give this back to you and say , ‘ No , I could n’t , ’ but I ’m fucking hungry , so I ’m just going to take it and eat it , OK ? ”
“ That ’s fine by me , ” Felix said .
“ Enjoy . ”
“ How are the elections coming ? ” Van said , once he ’d licked the wrapper clean .
“ Dunno , ” Felix said .
“ Have n’t checked in a while . ”
He ’d been winning by a slim margin a few hours before .
Not having his laptop was a major handicap when it came to stuff like this .
Up in the cages , there were a dozen more like him , poor bastards who ’d left the house on Der Tag without thinking to snag something WiFi-enabled .
“ You ’re going to get smoked , ” Sario said , sliding in next to them .
He ’d become famous in the center for never sleeping , for eavesdropping , for picking fights in RL that had the ill - considered heat of a Usenet flamewar .
“ The winner will be someone who understands a couple of fundamental facts . ”
He held up a fist , then ticked off his bullet points by raising a finger at a time .
“ Point :
The terrorists are using the Internet to destroy the world , and we need to destroy the Internet first .
Point : Even if I ’m wrong , the whole thing is a joke .
We ’ll run out of generator - fuel soon enough .
Point :
Or if we do n’t , it will be because the old world will be back and running , and it wo n’t give a crap about your new world .
Point :
We ’re gonna run out of food before we run out of shit to argue about or reasons not to go outside .
We have the chance to do something to help the world recover : we can kill the net and cut it off as a tool for bad guys .
Or we can rearrange some more deck chairs on the bridge of your personal Titanic in the service of some sweet dream about an ‘ independent cyberspace . ’ ”
The thing was that Sario was right .
They would be out of fuel in two days — intermittent power from the grid had stretched their generator lifespan .
And if you bought his hypothesis that the Internet was primarily being used as a tool to organize more mayhem , shutting it down would be the right thing to do .
But Felix ’s son and his wife were dead .
He did n’t want to rebuild the old world .
He wanted a new one .
The old world was one that did n’t have any place for him .
Not anymore .
Van scratched his raw , flaking skin .
Puffs of dander and scurf swirled in the musty , greasy air .
Sario curled a lip at him .
“ That is disgusting .
We ’re breathing recycled air , you know .
Whatever leprosy is eating you , aerosolizing it into the air supply is pretty anti-social . ”
“ You ’re the world ’s leading authority on anti-social , Sario , ” Van said .
“ Go away or I ’ll multi - tool you to death . ”
He stopped scratching and patted his sheathed multi-pliers like a gunslinger .
“ Yeah , I ’m anti-social .
I ’ve got Asperger ’s and I have n’t taken any meds in four days .
What ’s your fucking excuse . ”
Van scratched some more .
“ I ’m sorry , ” he said .
“ I did n’t know . ”
Sario cracked up .
“ Oh , you are priceless .
I ’d bet that three quarters of this bunch is borderline autistic .
Me , I ’m just an asshole .
But I ’m one who is n’t afraid to tell the truth , and that makes me better than you , dickweed . ”
“ Fuckrag , ” Felix said , “ fuck off . ”
They had less than a day ’s worth of fuel when Felix was elected the first ever Prime Minister of Cyberspace .
The first count was spoiled by a bot that spammed the voting process and they lost a critical day while they added up the votes a second time .
But by then , it was all seeming like more of a joke .
Half the data - centers had gone dark .
Queen Kong ’s net - maps of Google queries were looking grimmer and grimmer as more of the world went offline , though she maintained a leader - board of new and rising queries — largely related to health , shelter , sanitation and self - defense .
Worm - load slowed .
Power was going off to many home PC users , and staying off , so their compromised PCs were going dark .
The backbones were still lit up and blinking , but the missives from those data - centers were looking more and more desperate .
Felix had n’t eaten in a day and neither had anyone in a satellite Earth - station of transoceanic head - end .
Water was running short , too .
Popovich and Rosenbaum came and got him before he could do more than answer a few congratulatory messages and post a canned acceptance speech to newsgroups .
“ We ’re going to open the doors , ” Popovich said .
Like all of them , he ’d lost weight and waxed scruffy and oily .
His BO was like a cloud coming off a trash - bags behind a fish - market on a sunny day .
Felix was quite sure he smelled no better .
“ You ’re going to go for a reccy ?
Get more fuel ?
We can charter a working group for it — great idea . ”
Rosenbaum shook his head sadly .
“ We ’re going to go find our families .
Whatever is out there has burned itself out .
Or it has n’t .
Either way , there ’s no future in here . ”
“ What about network maintenance ? ” Felix said , thought he knew the answers .
“ Who ’ll keep the routers up ? ”
“ We ’ll give you the root passwords to everything , ” Popovich said .
His hands were shaking and his eyes were bleary .
Like many of the smokers stuck in the data - center , he ’d gone cold turkey this week .
They ’d run out of caffeine products two days earlier , too .
The smokers had it rough .
“ And I ’ll just stay here and keep everything online ? ”
“ You and anyone else who cares anymore . ”
Felix knew that he ’d squandered his opportunity .
The election had seemed noble and brave , but in hindsight all it had been was an excuse for infighting when they should have been figuring out what to do next .
The problem was that there was nothing to do next .
“ I ca n’t make you stay , ” he said .
“ Yeah , you can ’t . ” Popovich turned on his heel and walked out .
Rosenbaum watched him go , then he gripped Felix ’s shoulder and squeezed it .
“ Thank you , Felix .
It was a beautiful dream .
It still is .
Maybe we ’ll find something to eat and some fuel and come back . ”
Rosenbaum had a sister whom he ’d been in contact with over IM for the first days after the crisis broke .
Then she ’d stopped answering .
The sysadmins were split among those who’d had a chance to say goodbye and those who had n’t .
Each was sure the other had it better .
They posted about it on the internal newsgroup — they were still geeks , after all , and there was a little honor guard on the ground floor , geeks who watched them pass toward the double doors .
They manipulated the keypads and the steel shutters lifted , then the first set of doors opened .
They stepped into the vestibule and pulled the doors shut behind them .
The front doors opened .
It was very bright and sunny outside , and apart from how empty it was , it looked very normal .
Heartbreakingly so .
The two took a tentative step out into the world .
Then another .
They turned to wave at the assembled masses .
Then they both grabbed their throats and began to jerk and twitch , crumpling in a heap on the ground .
“ Shiii — ! ” was all Felix managed to choke out before they both dusted themselves off and stood up , laughing so hard they were clutching their sides .
They waved once more and turned on their heels .
“ Man , those guys are sick , ” Van said .
He scratched his arms , which had long , bloody scratches on them .
His clothes were so covered in scurf they looked like they ’d been dusted with icing sugar .
“ I thought it was pretty funny , ” Felix said .
“ Christ I ’m hungry , ” Van said , conversationally .
“ Lucky for you , we ’ve got all the packets we can eat , ” Felix said .
“ You ’re too good to us grunts , Mr. President , ” Van said .
“ Prime Minister , ” he said .
“ And you ’re no grunt , you ’re the Deputy Prime Minister .
You ’re my designated ribbon - cutter and hander - out of oversized novelty checks . ”
It buoyed both of their spirits .
Watching Popovich and Rosenbaum go , it buoyed them up .
Felix knew then that they ’d all be going soon .
That had been pre-ordained by the fuel - supply , but who wanted to wait for the fuel to run out , anyway ?
> half my crew split this morning
Queen Kong typed .
Google was holding up pretty good anyway , of course .
The load on the servers was a lot lighter than it had been since the days when Google fit on a bunch of hand - built PCs under a desk at Stanford .
> we ’re down to a quarter
Felix typed back .
It was only a day since Popovich and Rosenbaum left , but the traffic on the newsgroups had fallen down to near zero .
He and Van had n’t had much time to play Republic of Cyberspace .
They ’d been too busy learning the systems that Popovich had turned over to them , the big , big routers that had went on acting as the major interchange for all the network backbones in Canada .
Still , someone posted to the newsgroups every now and again , generally to say goodbye .
The old flamewars about who would be PM , or whether they would shut down the network , or who took too much food — it was all gone .
He reloaded the newsgroup .
There was a typical message .
> Runaway processes on Solaris TK
>
> Uh , hi .
I ’m just a lightweight MSCE but I ’m the only one awake here and four of the DSLAMs just went down .
Looks like there ’s some custom accounting code that ’s trying to figure out how much to bill our corporate customers and it ’s spawned ten thousand threads and its eating all the swap .
I just want to kill it but I can’t seem to do that .
Is there some magic invocation I need to do to get this goddamned weenix box to kill this shit ?
I mean , it ’s not as if any of our customers are ever going to pay us again .
I ’d ask the guy who wrote this code , but he ’s pretty much dead as far as anyone can work out .
He reloaded .
There was a response .
It was short , authoritative , and helpful — just the sort of thing you almost never saw in a high - caliber newsgroup when a noob posted a dumb question .
The apocalypse had awoken the spirit of patient helpfulness in the world ’s sysop community .
Van shoulder - surfed him .
“ Holy shit , who knew he had it in him ? ”
He looked at the message again .
It was from Will Sario .
He dropped into his chat window .
> sario i thought you wanted the network dead why are you helping msces fix their boxen ?
> [ sheepish grin ]
Gee Mr PM , maybe I just ca n’t bear to watch a computer suffer at the hands of an amateur .
He flipped to the channel with Queen Kong in it .
> How long ?
> Since I slept ?
Two days .
Until we run out of fuel ?
Three days .
Since we ran out of food ?
Two days .
> Jeez .
I did n’t sleep last night either .
We ’re a little short handed around here .
> asl ?
Im monica and I live in pasadena and Im bored with my homework .
WOuld you like to download my pic ???
The trojan bots were all over IRC these days , jumping to every channel that had any traffic on it .
Sometimes you caught five or six flirting with each other .
It was pretty weird to watch a piece of malware try to con another instance of itself into downloading a trojan .
They both kicked the bot off the channel simultaneously .
He had a script for it now .
The spam had n’t even tailed off a little .
> How come the spam is n’t reducing ?
Half the goddamned data - centers have gone dark
Queen Kong paused a long time before typing .
As had become automatic when she went high - latency , he reloaded the Google homepage .
Sure enough , it was down .
> Sario , you got any food ?
> You wo n’t miss a couple more meals , Your Excellency
Van had gone back to Mayor McCheese but he was in the same channel .
“ What a dick .
You ’re looking pretty buff , though , dude . ”
Van did n’t look so good .
He looked like you could knock him over with a stiff breeze and he had a phlegmy , weak quality to his speech .
> hey kong everything ok ?
> everything ’s fine just had to go kick some ass
“ How ’s the traffic , Van ? ”
“ Down 25 percent from this morning , ” he said .
There were a bunch of nodes whose connections routed through them .
Presumably most of these were home or commercial customers in places where the power was still on and the phone company ’s COs were still alive .
Every once in a while , Felix would wiretap the connections to see if he could find a person who had news of the wide world .
Almost all of it was automated traffic , though : network backups , status updates .
Spam .
Lots of spam .
> Spam ’s still up because the services that stop spam are failing faster than the services that create it .
All the anti-worm stuff is centralized in a couple places .
The bad stuff is on a million zombie computers .
If only the lusers had had the good sense to turn off their home PCs before keeling over or taking off
> at the rate were going well be routing nothing but spam by dinnertime
Van cleared his throat , a painful sound .
“ About that , ” he said .
“ I think it ’s going to hit sooner than that .
Felix , I do n’t think anyone would notice if we just walked away from here . ”
Felix looked at him , his skin the color of corned - beef and streaked with long , angry scabs .
His fingers trembled .
“ You drinking enough water ? ”
Van nodded .
“ All frigging day , every ten seconds .
Anything to keep my belly full . ”
He pointed to a refilled Pepsi Max bottle full of water by his side .
“ Let ’s have a meeting , ” he said .
There had been forty - three of them on D - Day .
Now there were fifteen .
Six had responded to the call for a meeting by simply leaving .
Everyone knew without having to be told what the meeting was about .
“ So that ’s it , you ’re going to let it all fall apart ? ”
Sario was the only one with the energy left to get properly angry .
He ’d go angry to his grave .
The veins on his throat and forehead stood out angrily .
His fists shook angrily .
All the other geeks went lids - down at the site of him , looking up in unison for once at the discussion , not keeping one eye on a chat - log or a tailed service log .
“ Sario , you ’ve got to be shitting me , ” Felix said .
“ You wanted to pull the goddamned plug ! ”
“ I wanted it to go clean , ” he shouted .
“ I did n’t want it to bleed out and keel over in little gasps and pukes forever .
I wanted it to be an act of will by the global community of its caretakers .
I wanted it to be an affirmative act by human hands .
Not entropy and bad code and worms winning out .
Fuck that , that ’s just what ’s happened out there . ”
Up in the top - floor cafeteria , there were windows all around , hardened and light - bending , and by custom , they were all blinds - down .
Now Sario ran around the room , yanking down the blinds .
How the hell can he get the energy to run ?
Felix wondered .
He could barely walk up the stairs to the meeting room .
Harsh daylight flooded in .
It was a fine sunny day out there , but everywhere you looked across that commanding view of Toronto ’s skyline , there were rising plumes of smoke .
The TD tower , a gigantic black modernist glass brick , was gouting flame to the sky .
“ It ’s all falling apart , the way everything does .
“ Listen , listen .
If we leave the network to fall over slowly , parts of it will stay online for months .
Maybe years .
And what will run on it ?
Malware .
Worms .
Spam .
System - processes .
Zone transfers .
The things we use fall apart and require constant maintenance .
The things we abandon do n’t get used and they last forever .
We ’re going to leave the network behind like a lime - pit filled with industrial waste .
That will be our fucking legacy — the legacy of every keystroke you and I and anyone , anywhere ever typed .
You understand ?
We ’re going to leave it to die slow like a wounded dog , instead of giving it one clean shot through the head . ”
Van scratched his cheeks , then Felix saw that he was wiping away tears .
“ Sario , you ’re not wrong , but you ’re not right either , ” he said .
“ Leaving it up to limp along is right .
We ’re going to all be limping for a long time , and maybe it will be some use to someone .
If there ’s one packet being routed from any user to any other user , anywhere in the world , it ’s doing its job . ”
“ If you want a clean kill , you can do that , ” Felix said .
“ I ’m the PM and I say so .
I ’m giving you root .
All of you . ”
He turned to the white - board where the cafeteria workers used to scrawl the day ’s specials .
Now it was covered with the remnants of heated technical debates that the sysadmins had engaged in over the days since the day .
He scrubbed away a clean spot with his sleeve and began to write out long , complicated alphanumeric passwords salted with punctuation .
Felix had a gift for remembering that kind of password .
He doubted it would do him much good , ever again .
> Were going , kong .
Fuels almost out anyway
> yeah well thats right then .
it was an honor , mr prime minister
> you going to be ok ?
> ive commandeered a young sysadmin to see to my feminine needs and weve found another cache of food thatll last us a coupel weeks now that were down to fifteen admins — im in hog heaven pal
> youre amazing , Queen Kong , seriously .
Dont be a hero though .
When you need to go go .
Theres got to be something out there
> be safe felix , seriously — btw did i tell you queries are up in Romania ?
maybe theyre getting back on their feet
> really ?
> yeah , really .
we ’re hard to kill — like fucking roaches
Her connection died .
He dropped to Firefox and reloaded Google and it was down .
He hit reload and hit reload and hit reload , but it did n’t come up .
He closed his eyes and listened to Van scratch his legs and then heard Van type a little .
“ They ’re back up , ” he said .
Felix whooshed out a breath .
He sent the message to the newsgroup , one that he ’d run through five drafts before settling on , “ Take care of the place , OK ?
We ’ll be back , someday . ”
Everyone was going except Sario .
Sario would n’t leave .
He came down to see them off , though .
The sysadmins gathered in the lobby and Felix made the safety door go up , and the light rushed in .
Sario stuck his hand out .
“ Good luck , ” he said .
“ You too , ” Felix said .
He had a firm grip , Sario , stronger than he had any right to be .
“ Maybe you were right , ” he said .
“ Maybe , ” he said .
“ You going to pull the plug ? ”
Sario looked up at the drop - ceiling , seeming to peer through the reinforced floors at the humming racks above .
“ Who knows ? ” he said at last .
Van scratched and a flurry of white motes danced in the sunlight .
“ Let ’s go find you a pharmacy , ” Felix said .
He walked to the door and the other sysadmins followed .
They waited for the interior doors to close behind them and then Felix opened the exterior doors .
The air smelled and tasted like a mown grass , like the first drops of rain , like the lake and the sky , like the outdoors and the world , an old friend not heard from in an eternity .
“ Bye , Felix , ” the other sysadmins said .
They were drifting away while he stood transfixed at the top of the short concrete staircase .
The light hurt his eyes and made them water .
“ I think there ’s a Shopper ’s Drug Mart on King Street , ” he said to Van .
“ We ’ll throw a brick through the window and get you some cortisone , OK ? ”
“ You ’re the Prime Minister , ” Van said .
“ Lead on . ”
They did n’t see a single soul on the fifteen minute walk .
There was n’t a single sound except for some bird noises and some distant groans , and the wind in the electric cables overhead .
It was like walking on the surface of the moon .
“ Bet they have chocolate bars at the Shopper ’s , ” Van said .
Felix ’s stomach lurched .
Food .
“ Wow , ” he said , around a mouthful of saliva .
They walked past a little hatchback and in the front seat was the dried body of a woman holding the dried body of a baby , and his mouth filled with sour bile , even though the smell was faint through the rolled - up windows .
He had n’t thought of Kelly or 2.0 in days .
He dropped to his knees and retched again .
Out here in the real world , his family was dead .
Everyone he knew was dead .
He just wanted to lie down on the sidewalk and wait to die , too .
Van ’s rough hands slipped under his armpits and hauled weakly at him .
“ Not now , ” he said .
“ Once we ’re safe inside somewhere and we ’ve eaten something , then and then you can do this , but not now .
Understand me , Felix ?
Not fucking now . ”
The profanity got through to him .
He got to his feet .
His knees were trembling .
“ Just a block more , ” Van said , and slipped Felix ’s arm around his shoulders and led him along .
“ Thank you , Van. I ’m sorry . ”
“ No sweat , ” he said .
“ You need a shower , bad .
No offense . ”
“ None taken . ”
The Shoppers had a metal security gate , but it had been torn away from the front windows , which had been rudely smashed .
Felix and Van squeezed through the gap and stepped into the dim drug - store .
A few of the displays were knocked over , but other than that , it looked OK .
By the cash - registers , Felix spotted the racks of candy bars at the same instant that Van saw them , and they hurried over and grabbed a handful each , stuffing their faces .
“ You two eat like pigs . ”
They both whirled at the sound of the woman ’s voice .
She was holding a fire - axe that was nearly as big as she was .
She wore a lab - coat and comfortable shoes .
“ You take what you need and go , OK ?
No sense in there being any trouble . ”
Her chin was pointy and her eyes were sharp .
She looked to be in her forties .
She looked nothing like Kelly , which was good , because Felix felt like running and giving her a hug as it was .
Another person alive !
“ Are you a doctor ? ” Felix said .
She was wearing scrubs under the coat , he saw .
“ You going to go ? ” She brandished the axe .
Felix held his hands up .
“ Seriously , are you a doctor ?
A pharmacist ? ”
“ I used to be a RN , ten years ago .
I ’m mostly a Web - designer . ”
“ You ’re shitting me , ” Felix said .
“ Have n’t you ever met a girl who knew about computers ? ”
“ Actually , a friend of mine who runs Google ’s data - center is a girl .
A woman , I mean . ”
“ You ’re shitting me , ” she said .
“ A woman ran Google ’s data - center ? ”
“ Runs , ” Felix said .
“ It ’s still online . ”
“ NFW , ” she said .
She let the axe lower .
“ Way .
Have you got any cortisone cream ?
I can tell you the story .
My name ’s Felix and this is Van , who needs any anti-histamines you can spare . ”
“ I can spare ?
Felix old pal , I have enough dope here to last a hundred years .
This stuff ’s going to expire long before it runs out .
But are you telling me that the net ’s still up ? ”
“ It ’s still up , ” he said .
“ Kind of .
That ’s what we ’ve been doing all week .
Keeping it online .
It might not last much longer , though . ”
“ No , ” she said .
“ I do n’t suppose it would . ”
She set the axe down .
“ Have you got anything to trade ?
I do n’t need much , but I ’ve been trying to keep my spirits up by trading with the neighbors .
It ’s like playing civilization . ”
“ You have neighbors ? ”
“ At least ten , ” she said .
“ The people in the restaurant across the way make a pretty good soup , even if most of the veg is canned .
They cleaned me out of Sterno , though . ”
“ You ’ve got neighbors and you trade with them ? ”
“ Well , nominally .
It ’d be pretty lonely without them .
I ’ve taken care of whatever sniffles I could .
Set a bone — broken wrist .
Listen , do you want some Wonder Bread and peanut butter ?
I have a ton of it .
Your friend looks like he could use a meal . ”
“ Yes please , ” Van said .
“ We do n’t have anything to trade , but we ’re both committed workaholics looking to learn a trade .
Could you use some assistants ? ”
“ Not really . ”
She spun her axe on its head .
“ But I would n’t mind some company . ”
They ate the sandwiches and then some soup .
The restaurant people brought it over and made their manners at them , though Felix saw their noses wrinkle up and ascertained that there was working plumbing in the back room .
Van went in to take a sponge bath and then he followed .
“ None of us know what to do , ” the woman said .
Her name was Rosa , and she had found them a bottle of wine and some disposable plastic cups from the housewares aisle .
“ I thought we ’d have helicopters or tanks or even looters , but it ’s just quiet . ”
“ You seem to have kept pretty quiet yourself , ” Felix said .
“ Did n’t want to attract the wrong kind of attention . ”
“ You ever think that maybe there ’s a lot of people out there doing the same thing ?
Maybe if we all get together we ’ll come up with something to do . ”
“ Or maybe they ’ll cut our throats , ” she said .
Van nodded .
“ She ’s got a point . ”
Felix was on his feet .
“ No way , we ca n’t think like that .
Lady , we ’re at a critical juncture here .
We can go down through negligence , dwindling away in our hiding holes , or we can try to build something better . ”
“ Better ? ” She made a rude noise .
“ OK , not better .
Something though .
Building something new is better than letting it dwindle away .
Christ , what are you going to do when you ’ve read all the magazines and eaten all the potato chips here ? ”
Rosa shook her head .
“ Pretty talk , ” she said .
“ But what the hell are we going to do , anyway ? ”
“ Something , ” Felix said .
“ We ’re going to do something .
Something is better than nothing .
We ’re going to take this patch of the world where people are talking to each other , and we ’re going to expand it .
We ’re going to find everyone we can and we ’re going to take care of them and they ’re going to take care of us .
We ’ll probably fuck it up .
We ’ll probably fail .
I ’d rather fail than give up , though . ”
Van laughed .
“ Felix , you are crazier than Sario , you know it ? ”
“ We ’re going to go and drag him out , first thing tomorrow .
He ’s going to be a part of this , too .
Everyone will .
Screw the end of the world .
The world does n’t end .
Humans are n’t the kind of things that have endings . ”
Rosa shook her head again , but she was smiling a little now .
“ And you ’ll be what , the Pope - Emperor of the World ? ”
“ He prefers Prime Minister , ” Van said in a stagey whisper .
The anti-histamines had worked miracles on his skin , and it had faded from angry red to a fine pink .
“ You want to be Minister of Health , Rosa ? ” he said .
“ Boys , ” she said .
“ Playing games .
How about this .
I ’ll help out however I can , provided you never ask me to call you Prime Minister and you never call me the Minister of Health ? ”
“ It ’s a deal , ” he said .
Van refilled their glasses , upending the wine bottle to get the last few drops out .
They raised their glasses .
“ To the world , ” Felix said .
“ To humanity . ”
He thought hard .
“ To rebuilding . ”
“ To anything , ” Van said .
“ To anything , ” Felix said .
“ To everything . ”
“ To everything , ” Rosa said .
They drank .
He wanted to go see the house — see Kelly and 2.0 , though his stomach churned at the thought of what he might find there .
But the next day , they started to rebuild .
And months later , they started over again , when disagreements drove apart the fragile little group they ’d pulled together .
And a year after that , they started over again .
And five years later , they started again .
It was nearly six months before he went home .
Van helped him along , riding cover behind him on the bicycles they used to get around town .
The further north they rode , the stronger the smell of burnt wood became .
There were lots of burnt - out houses .
Sometimes marauders burnt the houses they ’d looted , but more often it was just nature , the kinds of fires you got in forests and on mountains .
There were six choking , burnt blocks where every house was burnt before they reached home .
But Felix ’s old housing development was still standing , an oasis of eerily pristine buildings that looked like maybe their somewhat neglectful owners had merely stepped out to buy some paint and fresh lawnmower blades to bring their old homes back up to their neat , groomed selves .
That was worse , somehow .
He got off the bike at the entry of the subdivision and they walked the bikes together in silence , listening to the sough of the wind in the trees .
Winter was coming late that year , but it was coming , and as the sweat dried in the wind , Felix started to shiver .
He did n’t have his keys anymore .
They were at the data - center , months and worlds away .
He tried the door - handle , but it did n’t turn .
He applied his shoulder to the door and it ripped away from its wet , rotted jamb with a loud , splintering sound .
The house was rotting from the inside .
The door splashed when it landed .
The house was full of stagnant water , four inches of stinking pond - scummed water in the living room .
He splashed carefully through it , feeling the floor - boards sag spongily beneath each step .
Up the stairs , his nose full of that terrible green mildewy stench .
Into the bedroom , the furniture familiar as a childhood friend .
Kelly was in the bed with 2.0 .
The way they both lay , it was clear they had n’t gone easy — they were twisted double , Kelly curled around 2.0 .
Their skin was bloated , making them almost unrecognizable .
The smell — God , the smell .
Felix ’s head spun .
He thought he would fall over and clutched at the dresser .
An emotion he could n’t name — rage , anger , sorrow ? — made him breathe hard , gulp for air like he was drowning .
And then it was over .
The world was over .
Kelly and 2.0 — over .
And he had a job to do .
He folded the blanket over them —
Van helped , solemnly .
They went into the front yard and took turns digging , using the shovel from the garage that Kelly had used for gardening .
They had lots of experience digging graves by then .
Lots of experience handling the dead .
They dug , and wary dogs watched them from the tall grass on the neighboring lawns , but they were also good at chasing off dogs with well - thrown stones .
When the grave was dug , they laid Felix ’s wife and son to rest in it .
Felix quested after words to say over the mound , but none came .
He ’d dug so many graves for so many men ’s wives and so many women ’s husbands and so many children — the words were long gone .
Felix dug ditches and salvaged cans and buried the dead .
He planted and harvested .
He fixed some cars and learned to make biodiesel .
Finally he fetched up in a data - center for a little government — little governments came and went , but this one was smart enough to want to keep records and needed someone to keep everything running , and Van went with him .
They spent a lot of time in chat rooms and sometimes they happened upon old friends from the strange time they ’d spent running the Distributed Republic of Cyberspace , geeks who insisted on calling him PM , though no one in the real world ever called him that anymore .
It was n’t a good life , most of the time .
Felix ’s wounds never healed , and neither did most other people ’s .
There were lingering sicknesses and sudden ones .
Tragedy on tragedy .
But Felix liked his data - center .
There in the humming of the racks , he never felt like it was the first days of a better nation , but he never felt like it was the last days of one , either .
> go to bed , felix
> soon , kong , soon — almost got this backup running
> youre a junkie , dude .
> look whos talking
He reloaded the Google homepage .
Queen Kong had had it online for a couple years now .
The Os in Google changed all the time , whenever she got the urge .
Today they were little cartoon globes , one smiling the other frowning .
He looked at it for a long time and dropped back into a terminal to check his backup .
It was running clean , for a change .
The little government ’s records were safe .
> ok night night
> take care
Van waved at him as he creaked to the door , stretching out his back with a long series of pops .
“ Sleep well , boss , ” he said .
“ Do n’t stick around here all night again , ” Felix said .
“ You need your sleep , too . ”
“ You ’re too good to us grunts , ” Van said , and went back to typing .
Felix went to the door and walked out into the night .
Behind him , the biodiesel generator hummed and made its acrid fumes .
The harvest moon was up , which he loved .
Tomorrow , he ’d go back and fix another computer and fight off entropy again .
And why not ?
It was what he did .
He was a sysadmin .
–END –
Tail fins and chrome grilles were once the symbols of a superpower .
Now , with 36,000 jobs cut in a week and foreign vehicles filling the highways , Paul Harris in New York surveys the collapse of an industry
For John McVeigh , making cars was not just a job ; it was his shot at the American Dream .
He had left Glasgow a young , wide - eyed man at 21 and ended up in Detroit , lured by the huge factories churning out the cars that defined 20th century US life .
He started on the factory floor and rose through the ranks .
When he retired in 1989 he was part of the management ; he had brought up four good children and lived in a nice house in the suburbs .
His neighbours ' life stories mirrored his .
But after a week in which Ford laid off 30,000 workers and shut 14 factories , McVeigh knows his story is now part of history , like the homesteaders or the goldrushers , a way of life his grandchildren will never know .
He winced at the news .
' You can't do what I did now .
It just could not happen again , ' he said in an accent still coloured by his Scots childhood .
The statistics tell a bleak story of economic disaster that has seen a whole corner of north - east America dubbed the Rust Belt .
The Big Three - Ford , General Motors and Chrysler - have declining market share , crippling pension costs and a product line reliant on deep discounts to sell .
Chrysler has been taken over by the Germans and GM posted a $ 8.6 bn loss last week , its biggest since 1992 .
Ford has been losing market share for 10 straight years .
Last week 's news was so bad that few people noticed DaimlerChrysler quietly announcing it too was axeing 6,000 staff .
At the same time , foreign firms have been invading .
In 1979 the Big Three sold nearly nine out of every 10 new vehicles on US roads .
By 2004 , as European and Asian firms ate away at their market , only about 50 per cent of the nation 's new cars were sold by US producers .
By October 2005 , cars made by the Big Three accounted for about 40 per cent of the US market , according to Forbes .
Toyota , Honda and Korean Hyundai had all made inroads .
Even that US archetype the truck saw 30 per cent of its market go to foreigners .
The US car industry is lurching into terminal decline .
It means a fundamental part of America has died as well .
Nothing has come to symbolise the American century more than the American car .
It began with Henry Ford and the Model T and went right through the tail - finned monsters of the Fifties and the hot rods of the Seventies .
American cars were about freedom , sexual liberation and sheer confident patriotism .
For young Americans a driving licence and their first Chevy or Ford was the most important rite of passage into adulthood .
The car gave birth to other American icons : the motel , the advertising billboard and the diner .
They were all children of the road .
Of course , the car still defines a lifestyle .
Americans still buy cars by the millions , whether they are in gridlocked LA or in the middle of Kansas miles from the nearest town .
But what does it mean when a country 's cultural heart is now made in Japan ?
Or Korea ?
Or Germany ?
On a stretch of Texas highway west of Amarillo lies Cadillac Ranch .
Planted in a field of wheat are 10 rusting Cadillacs , ranging from a 1949 Club Coupe to a 1963 Sedan .
All stand face down in the earth , enormous tail fins pointing defiantly at the sky .
They hail from an era when the Cadillac motto was ' The Standard of the World ' .
Motorists in their thousands pull off the Interstate in their Hondas and Toyotas to gawp at the sculpture that has stood there for 32 years : a row of automobile tombstones .
' When we made it , Cadillac Ranch was intended to be as much a monument to the glory of the tail fin as a burial of the gas guzzler , said Chip Lord , one of the artists behind what has become one of the most famous US public works of art .
' But that 's not how people see it these days . '
When Lord and his fellow artists collected the Cadillacs for their work , they toured the Texas panhandle looking for cheap deals .
Driving the huge beasts to Amarillo was a ' white trash dream come true , ' he says .
Back in 1974 the cars ' paint gleamed under the blue Western skies .
Now they are rusted and covered in graffiti .
' Perhaps it can be seen now as a sign of the decline of the American empire , ' Lord mused .
' It could become a symbol for it . '
Lord now drives a Honda : ' I know the thrill of being on the road in one of those old American cars , but the fact is that if you drive one you quickly realise how archaic they are . '
The thrill used to be all anyone cared about .
American cars had names such as Mustang , Charger and Javelin .
They were about moving forward , at speed and damn the consequences .
The size of the engine and the roar it made cruising down the road were all that mattered .
The American car was the ultimate expression of the self .
It was a story that begun at the start of the 20th century in Detroit , when Henry Ford , born on a Michigan farm , mass - produced the Model T .
He changed not only his own life from rural poverty to urban riches , but the country 's too .
In thrall to the car , America went from a farming - based society centred on small - town morality to an industrialised behemoth where the new cultural hero - personified by Ford himself - was the big city capitalist .
The new frontier was not out on the open range or staking a homestead , it was on urban streets and the new horse was a car .
Detroit became Motown - Motor City .
From the beginning , America 's cars were just as much lifestyle as they were practical .
In the Twenties , Ford Motion Pictures was the biggest film producer in the world , spewing out more than 3,000 movies celebrating the adventures to be had behind the wheel of a Ford .
Product placement is no newcomer to the film industry ; it was there at the birth .
In the Fifties and Sixties , brimming with post - war confidence , America entered the age of drive - in cinemas and suburbs geared around cars .
James Dean drove a 1949 Mercury in Rebel Without A Cause and Steve McQueen tore through the streets of San Francisco in a 1968 Mustang in Bullitt .
JFK was shot in a Lincoln Continental .
Car advertisements featured open roads , blue skies and square - jawed fathers piloting wives and children along new Interstate highways ( the biggest public works project in the history of the world ) .
American cars were the best in the world because America was the best in the world .
It ended in the 1970s with the Oil Shock .
Suddenly America - and its cars - were vulnerable .
Rob Latham , a popular culture expert at the University of Iowa , was given his first car at the same time .
' It was a 1963 Chevy Malibu convertible .
I was 16 years old , driving this huge gas guzzler right through the middle of the oil crisis when you were only allowed to buy petrol every other day .
It was nuts , ' he said .
' I later wrapped it around a telephone pole , but I loved that car . '
He now drives a Suburu .
The same thing happened to Detroit .
The 1970s triggered the decline of the American car industry and a landscape of huge factories and skyscrapers turned into an urban wasteland .
Only last week , the downtown home of Motown records , whose music was born from black workers flocking to the city for the car factory jobs , was bulldozed .
America 's tempestuous affair with the car has become a passionless marriage .
Americans still need their cars , but the world has changed and they no longer really love them .
Chrysler was taken over by Germany 's Daimler .
Japanese firms , such as Toyota and Honda , are opening plants as Ford shuts down .
Cars are not big business .
Ford as a company is worth about $ 15 bn - Google is worth $ 129bn .
US car design and production values have also been criticised .
For years American cars have been outperformed by their European and Asian competitors .
' Asian and European design used to be considered a joke in the 1980s .
Now it is the standard for cars , ' said Lord .
Many of the US cars now on the market copy modest European and Japanese designs and shun the brasher concepts .
Ford has brought in two Britons to be in charge of the look of its European and US products .
Future cars will also be more fuel - efficient and aware of green issues .
That is probably good for the environment , but represents a huge shift in what a car actually means to Americans - and what America means to itself .
The Hollywood car of choice now is not the 1946 Fat Fender Ford Coupé of John Travolta 's ' Greased Lightning ' or Jayne Mansfield 's Buick Electra .
It is the Toyota Prius , an energy - efficient hybrid driven by Cameron Diaz and Leonardo di Caprio .
And the king of the recent SUV craze is the far from sexy Hummer , a boxy military - style vehicle , inspired by the 1991 Gulf war , that encloses its owner in a protective shell .
A car born of looking for enemies , not rolling down the windows and hitting the road .
Latham says his students no longer see their cars as an essential expression ; their Toyotas and Hondas are just vehicles .
They boast of iPods or computer games , not their ' wheels ' .
' They are like walking cyborgs with all these things attached to them .
Cars have become functional .
They are not statements anymore .
Electronics are , ' he said .
Lord agrees : ' Young people do not have that same set of cultural signs .
Their cultural landscape is about technology and the internet , not about convertibles and driving across America . '
The Age of the American car is passing into nostalgia .
Latham once studied a slew of road movies from the early 1990s in which old American cars were nostalgically treated .
The most famous was Thelma and Louise , in which two put - upon women find freedom in an open - top T - Bird .
At the end of the film , the heroines hold hands and drive off the edge of a cliff .
It is a fitting image for the death of a slice of the American Dream .
After decades of the car being so much more than just a mode of transport - of symbolising industry , art , freedom , sex , a triumphant America - it has now become simply a way of getting from A to B .
