It 's no surprise that some people spend retarded amounts of money on their hobbies , and who are we to judge ?
Maybe video games are more fun on a 108 - inch TV .
But then there are the obsessive collectors who , due to some compulsion and / or desire to take their minds off how their lives turned out , spend their lives collecting shit that is both pointless and , worse , no fun .
Advertisement
7 Boxed Transformer Collection Continue Reading Below Advertisement Once Cracked is elected President ( and it 's only a matter of time ) we will pass a law : " Transformers shall be confiscated from anyone who keeps them in sealed boxes and given to kids who'll actually play with them . "
It 's because of you Scrooges that we still can't afford a Devastator , despite having carefully maintained our immature impulses all the way through growing up ( at considerable personal cost ) .
Someday ...
A classic example of the soon - to - be- felony is a Mr. Lindgren 's eighty grand testament to miserliness , an entire wasted childhood of over 270 prime Transformer toys kept in an attic in dust - proof packing .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Mr. Lindgren unfortunately passed away and his late wife displayed her care and respect for the most important things in his life by auctioning them on eBay .
It had apparently sold for a million dollars , and she and her boyfriend ( half her age ) were already celebrating before a phone call to the " buyer " confirmed that people wo n't actually pay Bond villian - levels of money for an attic full of plastic .
Unless they 're five - years old , which the " buyer " was .
And like most five - year olds , he did n't even know what a " million dollars " actually was .
That 's karma , friends .
" Yes , I would like to buy all the transformers . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The couple re-listed the collection on eBay , rather optimistically including a " Buy It Now " option for $ 1 million - presumably in the hopes that the next five - year old to visit the site would have a bigger allowance .
6 Every Super Soaker Ever Every Super
Soaker ever made , over two hundred of them , make this man the envy of all the water - pistol collectors in the world , a group who meet every morning in his bathroom mirror because he 's the only one .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement No Guinness world record attempt , no underground market on which to sell the things for outrageous prices .
Just one guy who looked at his life , realized the best thing in it was that had he owned more cheap liquid - projecting plastics than the average human being , and decided to run with it .
Many of the soakers are still boxed , and if there 's anything in the world so tragically unfun as an untouched water pistol , we do n't know of it ( okay , maybe cancer ) .
But cancer is much less embarrassing .
Sure , it appears to be a horrific waste of time and effort .
But maybe he 's stockpiling watery weapons in case the aliens from Signs take another shot at us .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Archbishop Tutu suggests using violence to remove Mugabe Agence France - Presse
Published : Wednesday December 24 , 2008
Print This Email This Nobel Peace Prize laureate says he's ' ashamed ' of South Africa for not acting
LONDON ( AFP )  Archbishop Desmond Tutu launched a stinging attack on South Africa Wednesday , accusing it of failing to stand up to Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe and betraying its apartheid legacy .
Tutu , the retired archbishop of Cape Town , Nobel Peace Prize laureate and anti-apartheid campaigner , told BBC radio he was " ashamed " of his homeland .
He suggested that South Africa had surrendered the " moral high ground " which it gained in the post - apartheid era .
Tutu also told BBC radio that violence could be used to remove Mugabe , who should then be indicted by the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
His comments came amid rising international pressure for Mugabe to quit and an outbreak of cholera which has killed over 1,000 people , according to UNICEF .
The top US envoy for Africa Jendayi Frazer said at the weekend that it had lost confidence in the power - sharing pact between Mugabe and the opposition , remarks dismissed as " stupid " by Mugabe .
" I certainly am ashamed of what they 've done ( South Africa ) in the United Nations , " Tutu said .
" For the world to say no , we 're waiting for South Africa 's membership of the security council to lapse and then we can take action , that is an awful indictment of a country that has had this proud record of a struggle against a vicious system in the way that we did , that we should have been the one who for a very long time occupied the moral high ground .
" I 'm afraid we have betrayed our legacy ...
I mean , how much more suffering is going to make us say no , we have given Mr Mugabe enough time ? "
South Africa is due to leave the UN Security Council within days after two years in a non-permanent seat and commentators say this could remove one major obstacle to UN action against Mugabe .
Tutu raised the prospect of using violence to remove Mugabe .
" If Mr Mugabe remains obdurate and as intransigent as he has been about the formation of this government of unity , then he must be asked to step down , " he said .
" If he refuses , I really do believe that we have to invoke this new doctrine of responsibility to protect " .
Asked whether that meant using force to remove Mugabe , Tutu said : " Yes , yes , or certainly the threat of it " .
" He needs to be warned and his cronies must be warned that the world is not just going to sit by and do nothing , it 's going to try and remove them and in addition he is going to be charged before the ICC , " he added .
Tutu said he hoped " against hope " that the African Union would take action , adding that some parties " can be shamed into taking a more firm stance " , including South Africa .
Recently , we came across a story about “ television ’s hottest bromances ” — you know , guys who share inexplicably tight , platonic bonds .
The writer , Erin White , compiled a smart , pithy list : Barney and Ted from How I Met Your Mother , Denny and Alan from Boston Legal , Hiro and Ando from Heroes . …
That last one got us thinking : Science fiction is particularly conducive to such relationships , what with all those mind - blowing adventures , brushes with mortality , and long , lonesome commutes into galaxies far , far away .
With that in mind , we present to you sci - fi ’s most compelling male superfriends .
SHAUN AND ED ( SHAUN OF THE DEAD )
Peeved girlfriend Liz could n’t stop this feelin ’ between the cricket - bat - wielding hero and his slothful roommate — even after the latter turned into a zombie .
Now that ’s friendship , people .
Advertisement
HAN SOLO AND CHEWBACCA
The swaggering Star Wars duo complement each other handsomely :
One ’s a svelte fast - talker with nice hair who likes both kinds of action ( if you know what I mean ) ; his co-pilot is a hulking , hirsute , silent - type who ’s handy amid the Storm Trooper kind of action .
WALL•E AND HAL THE COCKROACH
As a New Yorker , all I gotta say is that must be one quality roach .
Me ?
I would ’ve hit it with my shoe post - haste ; surely there was a volleyball to befriend on that planet somewhere .
GEORDI LA FORGE AND DATA ( STAR TREK : THE NEXT GENERATION )
Since I ca n’t phrase it better , I ’m just gonna quote a friend of my buddy Han ( no , not that Han ) , tech writer Jon Sung : “ Their best bromance episode is possibly ‘ The Measure of a Man ’ — Data is about to leave Starfleet , and Geordi ’s all emo about it .
There ’s also one where Data and Geordi discuss the finer points of shaving . ”
E.T. AND ELLIOTT ( E.T. : THE EXTRA - TERRESTRIAL )
They biked together …in the sky !
Eat your hearts out Armstrong and McConaughey .
Advertisement
BATMAN AND ALFRED
Oh , was I supposed to say Batman and Superman , or Batman and Robin , or Batman and Ace the Bat - Hound ?
Bruce Wayne has known his English butler longer than any of the aforementioned , and they ’ve enjoyed a steady relationship in which this manservant protects his master like a surrogate father .
POWER MAN AND IRON FIST Comicdom ’s Starsky and Hutch did n’t gel together at first :
They sparred before talking things through to join forces against evil kingpin John Bushmaster .
The odd couple quickly become compadres , headlining a comic - book series together .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
FRODO BAGGINS AND SAMWISE GAMGEE Already Shire amigos , their bond proved tenacious during a mutual fixation on a sparkly bauble .
You know , it helps to have stuff in common .
DR .
ZACHARY SMITH AND THE ROBOT ( TV’S LOST IN SPACE )
Although the irritable Jupiter 2 stowaway frequently found himself vexed by his ambivalent companion , he just could n’t quit hanging with the metal head .
JOHN CONNOR AND THE TERMINATOR
Because of this moment in T2 , which has got to be a page out of a post - apocalyptic sequel to Shane : The Terminator : “ There is one more chip . ” [ Points to head where chip is located ]
“ And it must be destroyed , also . ” John Connor : “ No !
You ca n’t go !
You ca n’t go !
No , stay with us .
It will be okay . ”
The Terminator : “ It has to end here . ” John Connor : “ I order you not to go .
I order you not to go , I order you not to go ! ” [ John starts to cry ]
The Terminator : “ I know now why you cry . ” [ Terminator wipes John 's tear ]
“ But it is something I can never do . ”
HOGARTH HUGHES AND THE IRON GIANT ( See John Connor and The Terminator . )
THE TICK AND ARTHUR
What would the big , blue , bumbling , kind - natured Tick be without his level - headed , eternally miserable roommate Arthur , whose sacrifices include leaving a career as a mediocre accountant to wear an ill - fitting moth costume ?
R2 - D2 and C - 3PO
We ’re not technically sure the chill R2 actually likes the cloying C - 3PO .
But you never really see them apart , so clearly there ’s something there .
HENCHMAN #21 AND HENCHMAN # 24 ( THE VENTURE BROS . )
Two of the Monarch ’s more resilient muscle , they enjoy matching yellow outfits and a life of heated repartee .
And they even wrote a tell - all book together .
HAWK AND DOVE
Hmmm , does it count as a bromance if they ’re already brothers ?
CAPTAIN AMERICA / STEVE ROGERS AND BUCKY
The WWII cronies stuck together through the years like stars and stripes , until Rogers ’ recent death .
Bucky went on to assume his pal ’s patriotic moniker … which is either sorta tear - jerking or totally Baby Jane-ish .
Advertisement
THE AMBIGUOUSLY GAY DUO
So comfortable in their bespandexed skin that they ’ve pioneered the subgenre of crime - fighting as a homoerotic science .
SAM BECKETT AND AL CALAVICCI ( QUANTUM LEAP )
A physicist is thrust back and forth in time .
The only constant in his life :
Al , a dubious pal who frequently appears in the form of a hologram .
Hey , you take what you can get .
IRON MAN / TONY STARK AND JIM RHODES
More war buddies !
These ’ Nam vets became friends for life after they high - tailed it together out of enemy territory and back to the motherland .
So as Stark developed his Iron Man technology , Rhodes became his confidant .
During the superhero's storied battle with alcoholism , Rhodes stepped into the Iron suit — then ultimately relinquished the mantle after Stark straightened himself out .
CHUCK BARTOWSKI AND MORGAN GRIMES ( NBC’S CHUCK )
The connection between these Buy More employees has endured despite being challenged numerous times after Chuck started working on the DL for the CIA and NSA .
In a Very Special Chuck , the title character 's priorities were thrown into question on Halloween , when Morgan thinks he ’s left without a partner for his Dune Sandworm costume .
Stand up dude that he is , Chuck chose the righteous path .
WILLIAM ADAMA AND SAUL TIGH ( BATTLESTAR GALACTICA )
When Tigh hit the bottle , Adama welcomed his unflinching supporter to his cabinet … and we ain’t talking ’ bout no liquor cabinet .
This connection has n’t faltered even with the shocking revelation that Tigh ’s a Cylon .
MICHAEL KNIGHT AND KITT ( KNIGHT RIDER )
Producer Glen Larson once said of the chemistry between his two main characters : “ I wanted to do The Lone Ranger with a car . ”
And if Tonto were sassy and loquacious , this dalliance between a man and his Trans Am could be described as just that .
Advertisement
GEORGE FRANCISCO AND MATTHEW SIKES ( ALIEN NATION )
Otherworldly police officer George joins the force and is partnered with skeptical vet Matthew .
But since positive social metaphors must prevail — and this is a buddy - cop show — the two forge a tight brah - therhood .
BART SIMPSON AND MILHOUSE VAN HOUTEN
We were n’t fully convinced of this alliance at first :
The near - sighted , sexually ambiguous nerd was too frequently the witless victim of pranks at Bart ’s hands .
But after “ Homer Defined ” ( season 3 , episode 5 ) — when Bart goes heartbroken after Milhouse ’s mom bans the troublemaker from the Van Houten household — we realized that Bart just bromances
Milhouse the same , pesky way most 10 - year - old boys flirt with girls .
SUPERMAN AND JIMMY OLSEN Kal - El protects , and grants exclusive access to , this cub reporter as he snaps pictures and gathers material for his intrepid Daily Planet stories .
In return , the Superman - worshipping Olsen stokes the Ego of Steel .
Advertisement
HURLEY AND SAWYER ( LOST )
Sure , the con man bullied the big man , ridiculing him for his food stash and giving him nicknames like Babar and Pillsbury .
But Hurley ’s gentle way ( plus a pivotal ping - pong game banning Sawyer from sputtering sobriquets ) prevailed , culminating in this shot from season 3 , in which Hurley and Sawyer celebrate after the prior gets an abandoned van to start on sheer faith .
Bromances With Awkward Racial Undertones INDIANA JONES AND SHORT ROUND
The Temple of Doom pair busts a child - slavery ring ( and other stuff ) in India , while saving each others ’ asses .
Nightclub singer Willie Scott may have a handle on the good doc ’s gonads , but it ’s the plucky Shortie who captures his heart by uttering such nuggets of wisdom as “ Hey , Dr. Jones , no time for love .
We ’ve got company ” — albeit in an almost - parodic Chinese accent .
Advertisement
THE GREEN HORNET AND KATO
The masked crime - fighter , in his TV incarnation , never leaves home without his dexterous chauffeur , who conveniently handles most of the bad - guy heavy - lifting .
Miraculously , the tacit Kato remains loyal to his employer , overlooking any undercurrents of racism — proving that this brand of man-love is indeed blind .
THE SPIRIT AND EBONY WHITE
The superhero ’s trusty black sidekick could ’ve been genre - busting … were the ageless tax driver not initially depicted so off - puttingly as a shocking caricature who spoke in a shameful , pre-Ebonic dialect .
Honorary Real - Life Mention DIRECTOR JOSS WHEDON AND ACTOR NATHAN FILLION
“ He ’s the entire package : dramatic , comedic , romantic , ” Whedon has said about his nerd - verse muse .
“ I honestly believe he ’s Harrison Ford , if given a shot . ”
Fillion , in kind , has enthusiastically starred in his BFF ’s Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Firefly , and Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog .
To promote those projects , they ’ve made countless hysterical convention appearances together — a life - bonding experience , if any .
Advertisement
Whedon / Fillion picture courtesy of Destiny Thing
" Animal liberation " and " gay liberation " are two phrases that are rarely heard in the same sentence .
But , in fact , the liberation of gay and lesbian people , and indeed the liberation of all people , depends upon the liberation of animals .
We must come to understand this , just as we must understand how different forms of bias against people , such as racism and sexism , are interconnected . "
( Gay - Straight Animal Rights Alliance )
My Take
Personal Connections
LGBTQ Vegetarian / Vegan Advocacy Organizations & Meet Ups
Long Island , NY
San Francisco / East Bay , California : Lesbian Vegetarians Unite !
Do you feel alienated and isolated
among your carnivorous friends ?
Do you long for the support of those who
share your ethical ideals ?
If so , join us for ongoing lesbian vegetarian
meetings in the East Bay and San Francisco .
Diversity welcome .
For more information , write to Martikheel@aol.com .
San Diego , California : Soyboys is a new social group for gay and gay - friendly guys who are vegetarian or interested in a vegetarian lifestyle .
We meet at least once a month for potlucks , outings to vegetarian ( friendly ) restaurants and other social events .
Please contact Michael for more information .
sandiegosoyboys@aol.com .
Boston , MA : The G/L / B Vegetarian
Society meets twice a month for potlucks , restaurant outings , coffeehouse
gatherings , or picnics .
For more information , contact Bill at ( 617 ) 625-6918 .
Salt Lake City , Utah : GSARA is the Gay / Straight Animal Rights Alliance , working to promote the awareness and advocacy of a culture free of sexism , racism , heterosexism , speciesism , anti-Semitism , and oppression based on class , religion , age , ethnicity , national origin , or disability .
Sydney , Australia : Ecogirls is a new social and activist group of vegetarian lesbians .
" We are ' physically ' based in the Sydney metropolitan area but virtually based everywhere . "
Write to Lynda for more information .
Queer Veggie Links
As far as I ’m concerned , sliced to death is sliced to death , whether a slaughterhouse worker or a homophobic bully happens to be holding the knife .
The time will come when men such as I will look upon the murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men .
: My Queer identity is so deeply entangled with my vegan identity , the two go hand in hand .
I find that for me Gay Liberation and Animal Liberation are married partners .
How can I someone who has struggled and continue to be persecuted by society go out and do the same to someone who is different from me ?
Queers are different purely based on sexual orientation and gender identity , but ultimately we are all people .
We share a common bond of love , emotion , and desire to live out our lives freely and openly .
The same applies to animals , they look different and act different but we share with them a yearning to be free , to love , and to take care of our families .
I believe it is critical to choose vegetarianism to truly evolve as a human being , our opponents use the same argument to debunk all of our liberation and struggles .
They invoke the " word of god " to says gays do n't deserve equality or that God put animals here for us to eat .
God if one chooses to believe in some sort of spiritual higher power also made Queer humans & animals , s/he also gives the option to eat and live compassionately through the vegetarian option .
I encourage all Queers & allies to our struggles for peace and justice to join me in choosing veganism the healthiest , most ethical , and eco-conscious lifestyle on the planet .
You already have one " alternative lifestyle " , why not add another ?
" When a New York City tour bus came to a halt and the passengers aboard started hysterically screaming and pointing toward Nate Walker , he and his boyfriend frantically looked for the cause of the commotion .
They were sure somebody was getting mugged .
It was only when a person on the bus began heckling did they realize they were the cause of the commotion .
They had been standing hand in hand .
“ We felt like we were animals in a zoo , ” Nate told me .
“ I felt like I was being demeaned and dehumanized .
And because of that experience and many other instances of marginalization , I stand in solidarity with all those who are oppressed , including animals .
How can you not make that connection ?
” " Both vegans and queers are stereotyped .
To identify as both in many ways epitomizes marginalization .
John Phillips , Executive Director of the League of Humane Voters of New York City explained , “ I came out and went vegan at the same time .
Some family members worried I would die of protein deficiency and AIDS .
They ’d wonder : ‘ Which is going to kill him first ? " ( Please note some of these may not currently be active , there are also countless more which I am not aware of , let me know and I will update ) VegOut is a social group for gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgender , and queer - friendly vegetarians and vegetarian wannabees .
" The VegOut vegan potluck is held on the fourth Sunday of each month , and do n't miss the VegOutings to local restaurants .
For more information , call the recorded message at ( 212 ) 802-8655 " ( Jasmin Singer ) " ( Leonardo Davinci )
Boulder 's Naked Pumpkin Run
Twelve participants in the Boulder , Colo. , annual Naked Pumpkin Run may be forced to register as sex offenders .
As 150 revelers ran naked through the streets of Boulder wearing pumpkins on their heads , police arrested 12 on charges of indecent exposure .
If convicted , they could be classified as sex offenders .
“ I was thinking a minor fine or community service , ” said Eric Rasmussen , 23 , one of the so - called Pumpkin 12 .
“ I was not thinking of sex offender . ”
Class-action suit for Victoria ’s Secret ?
A Cleveland woman is suing Victoria ’s Secret , charging that its bras gave her and hundreds of other women an itchy , blistering rash .
Roberta Ritter , 37 , says the Angels Secret Embrace and Very Sexy Extreme
Me bras caused a rash that was “ red - hot to the touch , burning and itching . ”
Her lawyer says 200 other women also got a rash , and has filed for class - action status .
Victoria ’s Secret conceded there had been “ a small number ” of complaints .
It looks like it .
A few eager hackers on the Doom9 forum have , over the past couple of months , developed their own Blu-ray software player , by analysing in minute detail the workings of real Blu-ray players .
Rather than " crack " Blu-ray , the Doom9 group has tried to create a " virtual machine " ( VM ) that will play an encrypted movie in just the same way as any other Blu-ray player .
Ideally , the Blu-ray disc ( BD ) should n't realise it 's playing somewhere it should n't .
( The code has sets of " traps " to detect this sort of thing . )
The advantage is that if the movie studios change their protection scheme , the VM should still work .
On the Doom9 forum , Schluppo speculates that they would have to " force a firmware update ( including new player keys , public key , memory footprints or signatures ) and then use the content code to ' revoke ' ( or rather interdict ) the leaked player specific data in future " .
But the team could get round this by obtaining player - specific data for the new system .
This is n't the first time BD + has been cracked .
Antigua - based SlySoft did it , and added an HD option to its widely available Windows program , AnyDVD . ( bit.ly/blu-ray2 ) .
This removes AACS encryption , BD + copy protection and region coding from BD movies .
AnyDVD
HD therefore lets you play HD movies without an HDCP - compliant graphics card or an HDCP monitor .
Of course , not everyone wants to pay € 79 ( £ 64 ) for a closed - source Windows program .
Part of the motivation for Doom9's hackers was to have open source code that would enable Blu-ray movies to be played on Linux PCs .
But the bigger question is whether the crack is going to benefit Blu-ray or not .
Linux users may finally be able to play BDs , but are they going to buy Blu-ray drives and commercial movies ?
Even if they do , will that make any difference to a market made up largely of PlayStation 3 games console owners ?
It does n't seem likely .
Or will we see widespread casual piracy of the sort that already exists with DVDs ?
Well , Blu-ray 's appeal is that you get 1080 p high - definition video and TrueHD or similar surround sound .
This is what fills 25 GB and 50 GB discs .
How many peer - to - peer users are going to download one 25 GB Blu-ray movie rather than 12 or more DVD rips ?
Surely no one who has looked at P2P thinks this is a quality - driven market .
It might spoil the idea of releasing some stunning new material exclusively on Blu-ray , to try to drive sales of players .
Anything like that is going to get ripped , downsampled to fit on a DVD , circulated via P2P and pirated on a worldwide basis .
But , let 's be realistic , that was always going to happen anyway , was n't it ?
This semester I 'm teaching American Economic History and using , among other books , Bob Higgs ' Crisis and Leviathan .
The students love it and I never get tired of teaching it .
One of the points
Bob hits over and over is how crises leave residues , both institutional and ideological .
Even as the scale of government retreats after a crisis , the scope does less so as many of the powers created by the crisis remain in place , often embodied in institutions that outlive it .
And crises obviously change the way we view the world , and those ideological changes linger on as well , often embodied in textbooks and " what everyone knows . "
In reading a student paper today , which showed a glimpse of the point I 'm about to make , it struck me that the current crisis can fruitfully be understood as the product of both kinds of residues .
More specifically , as I 've argued in my Open Letter , the causes of the crisis are to be found in a variety of banking regulations and powers of the Fed , many of which have their roots in the Great Depression .
Fannie Mae was created in 1938 and the Fed was given the power to conduct open market operations in 1935 .
Federal deposit insurance dates from this era as well .
More generally , the Great Depression legitimated the kind of regulatory powers that were deployed to push up rates of homeownership .
These are powers government might not have had were it not for the Depression .
On the other side , the response to the current crisis reflects the ideological residue of the Great Depression in the assumption that we need massive government intervention to stabilize individual markets and the macroeconomy more generally .
The reaction to the problems in financial markets has very much been an example of these residual ideological beliefs that find many of their origins in the 1930s .
I 'm thinking here of the concerns about contagion and the generalized belief that market - based banking was shown to be unstable in the early 30s .
The bailout reflects these ideological residues as well .
( Yes , I realize that the bailout is one great rent - seeking festival , but my point is to explain why intellectuals , the media , and many citizens support it even without a direct stake in the matter . )
We really are living out the extended negative unintended consequences of the Great Depression .
If so , it only goes to show how important it is for us not to do what precisely we seem to have done in the last few months : over - react to a questionable " crisis " in ways that create new institutions that will long outlive the current situation and lead us to tell new stories that will harden into uncritically accepted ideological narratives for future generations .
We are currently suffering from the sins of Hoover , FDR , and many idea - makers of that era .
We should have learned our lesson , but it would seem not .
I hope we still have time to control the narrative ( I 'm less sure we have the time to undo the institutions ) and do better by our children and grandchildren than prior generations did by us .
There ’s been a bit of buzz lately from some less than reputable news sites reporting on what they consider a new , hip trend , surface anchors being installed on fingers in place of wedding rings .
While Modblog readers and BME fans are certainly not going to be unfamiliar with the erroneous concept of piercing fingers and hands as we near an anniversary of Shannon ’s own attempts at his hand web piercings , the body piercing industry as a majority has largely changed face on what we now refer to commonly as “ long term temporary ” piercings .
I was approached by Refinery29 in order to comment on the subject , and after seeing the final article printed to seem almost positive towards the idea , I feel like the whole story should be told .
( And , you know , I already wrote the whole thing ) .
Here is the original interview in its entirety :
R29 : I know pain threshold is a very subjective experience , but on a scale of 1 - 10 , how much would a micro- dermal piercing like this hurt ?
TV : When it comes to microdermals – or surface anchors as we more commonly refer to them these days – the sensation for the client receiving the piercing is a bit unlike a traditional piercing .
The way I describe the feeling to my clients is to explain that they will feel a piercing - like pinch while the initial pocket is made with a needle , and then more of a pushing - like pressure as the jewelry is inserted .
Pain levels will of course vary from person to person , though surface anchors are usually on the lower end of the pain scale for most of my clients – even those without much or any prior experience in being pierced .
Fingers may tend to be a bit more sensitive .
RT : What would the recovery and healing process be like ?
TV : Recovery time with most piercings is very minimal .
The first few hours to first week or so will contain some light soreness , swelling , mild redness and minimal bleeding around the piercing site as the body ’s inflammatory system activates and begins the first stages of the healing process .
From there , things will calm down and relax steadily throughout the rest of the healing period .
According to the Association of Professional Piercers , Surface Anchors tend to take between 3 - 4 months to fully heal .
During that time and as the body begins healing the damaged tissue , the piercing will begin to discharge a light amount of what we commonly refer to as fluid that will become “ crusties ” – or medically , serous exudate .
This discharge is a very normal part of the healing process of any piercing at all and appears as a mostly clear , thin , watery plasma that will dry around the piercing site and form light scabbing .
It should be gently removed with a very minimal aftercare regimen during healing .
( Source : https://woundcareadvisor.com/wound-exudate-types/)
( Source : http://safepiercing.org)
RT : Is it normal for a piercing to continue to bleed like in most of those photos ?
TV : While any piercing may bleed a bit immediately during the piercing itself or for a very short while afterwards , extended bleeding is not something we see often with microdermals at all .
In very simple terms , in body piercing we are essentially making a hole through the body and then immediately “ plugging ” it .
In many occasions , microdermal piercings will be completed by placing a band - aid over the piercing site itself , though this is usually less to prevent any bleeding and more to prevent any accidental catching or snagging that may affect the piercing after being freshly done .
RT : How close are these finger piercings / anchors to the bone ?
TV : Not at all !
A microdermal piercing when properly placed will sit in the dermis , the layer of tissue directly beneath the outer surface layer of the skin – the epidermis .
They are routinely placed less than a 1/4 ” beneath the outer surface of the skin , and on places such as fingers – often only about half that .
RT : How do the anchors of a dermal piercing work differently than another ?
TV : Surface anchors are unique from other piercings in that they are a single - point piercing , meaning that they have only one point of entrance and exit for the entire piece of jewelry .
Onlookers will often ask with curiosity ( or sometimes pure bewilderment ) : “ Does that go all the way through ? ! ” .
Instead of a piercing completely made through an ear , or a fold of tissue in say a navel , microdermal piercings are performed by creating a pocket within the top two layers of skin and placing the jewelry snugly and securely within the dermis .
RT : What are possible side effects for a piercing like this ?
TV : The biggest and most important side effect to note is that microdermals have a limited lifespan .
In my professional experience , clients tend to average around 2 - 6 years with the piercings before issues arise or they chose to take them out for other reasons – such as lifestyle changes , job requirements , or a change of aesthetic .
I have seen surface anchors last upwards of 10 + years and also ones that have to be removed after less than 6 months .
The common term among professionals used to describe the longevity of a microdermal is “ Long - term temporary ” .
When the first modern microdermals were introduced widely in 2006 by Pat Pruitt of Custom Steel , they were referred to as “ Borderline Permanent ” as their longevity had yet to be tested .
Earlier prototypes showed mixed results but most resulted in inevitable failure .
( Source : https://news.bme.com/2006/11/05/the-next-big-thing-microdermals-and-surface-anchors/)
Secondary to rejection , the largest risk factor when it comes to any piercing on the hands is infection .
Think about all of the things your hands touch on a regular basis , and now imagine all of those getting in an open wound over 4 months !
If we take a look at simple medical studies on wound healing , lacerations on the hand tend to have almost double the infection rate versus those on other parts of the body .
While infection rates across the board are already pretty low , especially in the case of traditional piercings , we certainly do not want to encourage higher risk placements and increase those possibilities .
Source : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4369530/
( 5 % average infection rate for hand lacerations )
Source : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3797169/
( 2.5 % average infection rate for other lacerations )
Lastly , scaring .
As scaring will differ from person to person , it is very difficult for us as professionals to estimate how the piercing site may scar once it has been removed down the line .
Some people are left with lightly noticeable scaring , some people may be more prone to keloid - type scars , and some may be simply left with just a subtle little dimple as you ’ll see below .
RT : What does the rejection of a piercing actually look like ?
What should someone look out for ?
TV : I actually have a great photo example to share for this question , showing a healed microdermal bottom left , one beginning its journey towards rejection in the top left , one nearly completely rejected on the top right , and a scar from one that has already been fully removed on the bottom right .
When this client came into the studio a few months ago , we removed all of the rest of the ones in this photo .
These were not performed by me . :
In microdermals , early issues with the piercing can be identified by a notable amount of swelling , irritation , excessive redness or soreness , and the jewelry no longer remaining “ flat ” against the surface of the skin .
At this stage , I would recommend returning to your piercer to have them see if the problems may be able to be resolved on their own before furthering .
In the later stages , rejection may appear as the jewelry having tilted to one side or another , irritated tissue building up along the base of the jewelry , or entirely with parts of it protruding from the skin as pictured .
By this point , it is a better idea to have the piercing removed by a professional rather than continue to let it work its way out on its own .
RT : Would you recommend clients getting this kind of piercing ?
Do a lot request it ?
TV : Despite a few recent articles , requests for microdermal and surface anchor piercings have actually drastically decreased in recent years as more and more clients and more and more professional piercers are becoming aware of their impermanence , high likelihood of rejection and migration , and potential scarring after the piercing has been removed .
I find that the majority of people getting such piercings these days , especially on outer extremities such as wrists , hands , and fingers are those who were not offered a proper explanation of what to expect during healing or after removal .
These days , I remove far more microdermals than I insert .
When it comes to extremities , such as hands , fingers , toes and the like , I do not recommend having them done – and nor do the vast majority of my colleagues .
These areas are drastically more prone to infection , irritation , accidental catching , snagging , and almost all potential negatives that could happen to a piercing .
Even the simple act of placing a hand into a pocket or down a sleeve when putting on a T - Shirt can turn into a complete ordeal as the piercing snags on clothing .
Their longevity is dramatically reduced , and though you may see an increase or a large amount of photos of them being done – they are nearly always photos taken when the piercings were still brand new .
( Source : https://safepiercing.tumblr.com/post/89884031234/hey-if-youd-answer-this-privately-id-appreciate)
RT : Where might there be a better placement on the hand ?
TV : Truthfully , there is not really a “ better ” placement for any piercing on a hand .
Over the few decades , some of the best professional body piercers in the world experimented with a myriad of placements for piercings located on the hands and fingers .
In short , they nearly all failed with the exception of some very small and unique cases of sheer luck .
In summary , if you understand the risks , the likelihood that they will not be permanent adornments , and are okay with potential scarring once they have been removed – they can be a very fun , temporary addition to many different parts of the body .
It is important to consult with a reputable piercer with much experience in this area beforehand who can explain all of these factors to you along with providing you a safe recommendation on placement options that will provide as much longevity as possible .
Outliers will however always be a factor .
Finger microdermals may potentially last a decade under the right circumstances and with enough luck – and many readers may know people who have successful microdermal piercings for extended amounts of time that may make them believe the success rate is much higher – but it ’s important to remember that not everyone who jumps off of the Golden Gate bridge dies .
If you ’re looking for a cute way to show off your love , sticking with traditional finger jewelry tends to work much , much better – and I would hope that your marriage or partnership lasts longer than the average microdermal or surface anchor on a finger . :)
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
And that my friends , is why pop culture should just continue to report on pop culture .
Oshawa turned on the love last night to speak out against hatred and intolerance after two lesbians were insulted and beaten outside a school almost two weeks ago .
Community leaders , politicians , educators , families , couples and even a dog in a Santa hat rallied in the rain outside city hall to show their support for Jane Currie and her partner Anji Dimitriou .
" Peace , love , acceptance for all , " the crowd of 300 chanted as close to 20 speakers urged them to turn an act of homophobia into an inspiration for change .
Cheers greeted Mayor John Gray 's message : " Oshawa wo n't sit back and let anyone or anything sully the good name of our people . "
Currie and Dimitriou were picking up their three children at Gordon B. Attersley public school on Nov. 3 when a man hurled insults and started hitting them .
" Which one of you two ' men ' spoke to my kid ?
F------ dyke lesbians , " he said , spitting in Dimitriou 's face , according to Currie .
Then he punched Dimitriou in the face , slamming her into their truck .
When Currie rushed over , he punched her so hard her cheek split open .
A spectator said the incident , witnessed by other school kids and parents , grew out of an ongoing feud between the two parties .
Mark Scott , 43 , of Oshawa , has been charged with two counts of assault causing bodily harm .
The couple believes they were attacked because they 're lesbians and wants the charges treated as hate crimes .
Scott 's lawyer , Mark Jacula , said in a news release that his client , who is black , has been a victim of racial and physical abuse .
" The truth surrounding this incident will come to light .
The parties responsible will be held accountable for the racially motivated and unprovoked attack he suffered . "
Currie and Dimitriou have gathered more than 9,200 supporters on Facebook .
The days when gays and lesbians had to hide their relationships are over , said Rev. Brent Hawkes , who performed the first legal same - sex marriage in Ontario several years ago .
" We say to Jane and Anji , this kind of incident will not be tolerated .
You can count on us to turn this around . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
With files from Oshawa This Week
Because moms are superstitious .
Sure , chances are nothing will happen if she does n't forward the email to 10 people , but ...
WHAT IF ?
Why risk it ?
Plus , what if bad things happen tobecause she did n't send it ?!
Just think of how bad she would feel then !
Sure , it 's annoying to get emails like these , but remember :
She 's only sending them because she Oh - and because she is completely technologically clueless .
Email # 4 : " FW : Funniest Pictures EVER ( LOL ) !!! "
This classic twist on the standard " FW : Funny Joke Inside ! ! ! " email ( more about that later ) takes things to the next level : Instead of text - based jokes written with the average 10 - year - old in mind , the " Funny Pictures " email consists of a mixed bag of tired jpgs that anyone who has had an internet connection in the past decade has already seen a dozen times .
For example , one might receive the following picture :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
With the subject :
Or alternatively , you might receive the following :
With the subject :
It could just as easily be any other funny picture that you 've seen a dozen times already , but the probability that a mom will forward it to you increases dramatically depending on the image 's specific characteristics .
Here 's a handy chart :
Why Moms Can't Resist It
Because your mom has n't spent the vast majority of her life looking at stupid shit on the internet .
Chances are your mom was born in the vast primordial soup that was the pre-internet era , and as such , her knowledge of Web culture probably begins and ends with the Dancing Baby ( if even that ) .
She has n't seen every video of people being hit in the nuts on YouTube , she 's never heard of Tay Zonday , and she does n't know that she 's supposed to find ninjas , pirates , and Chuck Norris inherently funny .
Cut her some slack , though : Unlike you , the Millennial twerp with your vlogging and social networking and whatever else you nerds are doing these days , your mom squandered
Apple , just a year and a half into the smartphone business , now has a higher marketshare than Canadian giant Research in Motion , and is second place only to Nokia .
Apple 's 17.3 % share is just barely beating out RIM's 15.2 % , and of course is nowhere near Nokia 's 38.9 % , but it 's just one more sign of how important the iPhone really is .
Advertisement
The iPhone 3 G 's launch throughout the rest of the world has had a huge effect on sales , and the phone has sold nearly 7 million since its July 11 debut .
Apple 's share of the entire cell phone market is now 2.3 % , a pretty respectable number , and has pushed Microsoft 's ailing Windows Mobile platform off the medal platform into 4th place .
Even Nokia has seen its share drop more than 12 % from last year 's 51.4 % , though the Symbian maker is still holding strong with more than double Apple 's share .
What 's great about Apple 's new importance in the smartphone world is how it pushes the other manufacturers to bigger and better things .
BlackBerry 's new lineup looks great , and Nokia 's 5800 XpressMusic is so hot all the pop stars want a piece of the action .
[ Ars Technica ]
OBAMA SEIZES OPPORTUNITY , HAMMERS MCCAIN ON ECONOMY ….
If Democrats were waiting for a significant shift in the campaign ’s direction , the crisis on Wall Street seems to have provided one .
Barack Obama not only took John McCain to task on the economy today in a major speech in Colorado , he spoke with the kind of intensity that ’s been largely missing since the end of the Democratic convention .
“ Make no mistake : my opponent is running for four more years of policies that will throw the economy further out of balance , ” Obama said , taking on McCain ’s bankrupt ideology .
“ His outrage at Wall Street would be more convincing if he was n’t offering them more tax cuts .
His call for fiscal responsibility would be believable if he was n’t for more tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans , and more of a trillion dollar war in Iraq paid for with deficit spending and borrowing from foreign creditors like China .
His newfound support for regulation bears no resemblance to his scornful attitude towards oversight and enforcement .
“ John McCain can not be trusted to reestablish proper oversight of our financial markets for one simple reason : he has shown time and again that he does not believe in it , ” he added .
Obama also went after McCain ’s call for a commission : “ Just today , Senator McCain offered up the oldest Washington stunt in the book – you pass the buck to a commission to study the problem .
But here ’s the thing — this is n’t 9/11 .
We know how we got into this mess .
What we need now is leadership that gets us out .
I ’ll provide it , John McCain wo n’t , and that ’s the choice for the American people in this election . ”
Perhaps most importantly , Obama contrasted his specific record with McCain ’s : “ In February of 2006 , I introduced legislation to stop mortgage transactions that promoted fraud , risk or abuse .
A year later , before the crisis hit , I warned Secretary Paulson and Chairman Bernanke about the risks of mounting foreclosures and urged them to bring together all the stakeholders to find solutions to the subprime mortgage meltdown .
Senator McCain did nothing .
Last September , I stood up at NASDAQ and said it ’s time to realize that we are in this together — that there is no dividing line between Wall Street and Main Street — and warned of a growing loss of trust in our capital markets .
Months later , Senator McCain told a newspaper that he ’d love to give them a solution to the mortgage crisis , ‘ but ’ — he said — ‘ I do n’t know one . ’ [… ]
“ This March , in the wake of the Bear Stearns bailout , I called for a new , 21st century regulatory framework to restore accountability , transparency , and trust in our financial markets .
Just a few weeks earlier , Senator McCain made it clear where he stands : ‘ I ’m always for less regulation , ’ he said , and referred to himself as ‘ fundamentally a deregulator . ’
This is what happens when you confuse the free market with a free license to let special interests take whatever they can get , however they can get it . ”
Obama has generally held modest leads over McCain on who voters trust more on the economy , but those leads have become much smaller in recent weeks .
If Obama ’s speech and message get any attention at all , I suspect the lead will grow considerably .
Search Terms : Highlight Matches
THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 508810
United States
09/26/2008 06:08 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
Her name 's Marcy Kaptur from Ohio .
We will be telling our grandchildren about her and these words when they 've reached enough ears .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 418035
United States
09/26/2008 06:21 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
Can someone post a brief summaty of what she said .
Do n't have sound on my PC at work .
Thanks .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 186361
Transcript :
Ms. KAPTUR .
Mr. Speaker , here is the latest reality game .
Let 's play Wall Street Bailout .
Rule one : Rush the decision .
Time the game to fall in the week before Congress is set to adjourn and just 6 weeks before an historic election so your opponents will be preoccupied , pressured , distracted , and in a hurry .
Rule two : Disarm the public through fear .
Warn that the entire global financial system will collapse and the world will fall into another Great Depression .
Control the media enough to ensure that the public will not notice this .
Bailout will indebt them for generations , taking from them trillions of dollars they earned and deserve to keep .
Rule three : Control the playing field and set the rules .
Hide from the public and most of the Congress just who is arranging this deal .
Communicate with the public through leaks to media insiders .
Limit any open congressional hearings .
Communicate with Congress via private teleconferencing calls .
Heighten political anxiety by contacting each political party separately .
Treat Members of Congress condescendingly , telling them that the matter is so complex that they must rely on those few insiders who really do know what 's going on .
Rule four : Divert attention and keep people confused .
Manage the news cycle so Congress and the public have no time to examine who destroyed the prudent banking system that served America so well for 60 years after the financial meltdown of the 1920s .
Rule five :
Always keep in mind the goal is to privatize gains to a few and socialize loss to the many .
For 30 years in one financial scandal after another , Wall Street game masters have kept billions of dollars of their gain and shifted their losses to American taxpayers .
Once this bailout is in place , the greed game will begin again .
But I have a counter - game .
It 's called Wall Street Reckoning .
Congress should n't go home to campaign .
It should put America 's accounts in order .
To Wall Street insiders , it says ``no '' on behalf of the American people .
You have perpetrated the greatest financial crimes ever on this American republic .
You think you can get by with it because you are extraordinarily wealthy and the largest contributors to both Presidential and congressional campaigns in both major parties , but you are about to be brought under firm control .
First , America does n't need to bail you out , it needs to secure the real assets and property , not your paper , that means the homes and properties of hardworking Americans who are about to lose their homes because of your mortgage greed .
There should be a new job for regional Federal Reserve Banks .
We want no home foreclosed if a serious work - out agreement can be put into place .
And if you do n't do it , we want a notarized statement by a Federal Reserve official that they tried and failed .
Second , taxpayers should directly gain any equity benefits that may flow from this historic bailout .
We want the American people to get first priority in taking ownership of the institutions that want to pass their toxic paper onto the taxpayers .
Third , before any bailouts for Wall Street , America needs major job creation to rebuild our major infrastructure .
America needs assets , not paper .
We need working assets .
Fourth , the time for real financial regulatory change is now , not next year .
A modernized Glass Eagle Act must be put in place .
We need to reestablish locally - owned community savings banks across this country and create within the Justice Department a fully funded unit to prosecute every single high - flying thief whose fraud and criminal acts created this debacle and then forced their disgorgement of assets going back 15 years .
Fifth , any refinancing must return a major share of profits to a new Social Security and Medicare lockbox , where the monies can go to pay for a dignified and assured retirement for every American .
This Member is n't voting for a penny of it .
Those who created and profited from this game of games must be brought to justice .
The assets they stole must be returned to the American taxpayers , right down to the tires on their Mercedes .
Mr. Speaker , I ask my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring my bill to create an independent commission to investigate these well - heeled wrongdoers .
Real reform now , or nothing .
Transcript :
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 508810
United States
09/26/2008 06:44 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
Wow - so there ARE still decent people left in politics .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 503073
hell yeah
MARCY FOR PREZ !!1 ! hell yeahMARCY FOR PREZ !!1 !
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 483402
United States
09/26/2008 08:09 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
THIS THREAD IS PINWORTHY !
If you 've just been skimming , you OWE it to yourself to check the transcript posted by someone above , or to watch the video !
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 508880
Japan
09/26/2008 08:09 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
I 'M AS MAD AS HELL AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE !
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 511074
you 're as mad as hell and you 're not going to do anything whilst they fuck you up the ass over and over and over again .
you 're as mad as hell and you 're not going to do anything whilst they fuck you up the ass over and over and over again .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 265673
United States
09/26/2008 08:17 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
I think I 'm in love with an older woman !
No really , I agree with the Lady from Ohio , I support her bill which is aimed at bring the guilty to face justice .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 470675
United States
09/26/2008 08:27 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
Wow wow wow , there are still a few good people fighting for the little guy up there !
Along with Richard Shelby , these folks are heros .
childoflight
User ID : 511098
United States
09/26/2008 08:27 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
O MARCY !!!!!!!!!!
And thanks to OP for sharing the link .
If there is a way to pass this on please let me know .
My computer skills are n't that great but I have a lot of friends that would LOVE to see this and who in turn would send it to their friends !
Again Bravo !
I wish I had been there to hear this !
BRAVO MARCY !!!!!!!!!!
And thanks to OP for sharing the link .
If there is a way to pass this on please let me know .
My computer skills are n't that great but I have a lot of friends that would LOVE to see this and who in turn would send it to their friends !
Again Bravo !
I wish I had been there to hear this !
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 483402
United States
09/26/2008 08:31 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : THE BAILOUT ! ! !
And you thought YOU were already PISSED ! ! !
O MARCY !!!!!!!!!!
And thanks to OP for sharing the link .
If there is a way to pass this on please let me know .
My computer skills are n't that great but I have a lot of friends that would LOVE to see this and who in turn would send it to their friends !
Again Bravo !
I wish I had been there to hear this !
BRAVO MARCY !!!!!!!!!!
And thanks to OP for sharing the link .
If there is a way to pass this on please let me know .
My computer skills are n't that great but I have a lot of friends that would LOVE to see this and who in turn would send it to their friends !
Again Bravo !
I wish I had been there to hear this !
Quoting : childoflight 511098
You can either highlight the transcript that someone posted above , and rightclick on it and select copy ( or use control - c ) .
You can then rightclick - paste ( or use control v ) to paste it in an email .
If you wish to forward the video as well , click on the Youtube video ( not on the play button ) to go to the youtube site .
Copy the URL on top and paste it in the email for your friends to check it out .
You can either highlight the transcript that someone posted above , and rightclick on it and select copy ( or use control - c ) .
You can then rightclick - paste ( or use control v ) to paste it in an email .
If you wish to forward the video as well , click on the Youtube video ( not on the play button ) to go to the youtube site .
Copy the URL on top and paste it in the email for your friends to check it out .
Pricing is hugely important to me , because it is the basis of how we run our business .
In a way , it defines everything about who we are as photographers .
It ’s also the source of the most frustration for most photographers I know , so in order to help ease that frustration , I have created a pricing guide that contains a process for determining your pricing and packaging in a manner that accounts for cost , taxes , and profit .
If you use this method accurately , you will have no problem accounting for your overhead , paying the Tax man his due , and making whatever profit you desire .
Click here to download “ The Single Greatest Guide to Wedding Photography Pricing That Ever Was and Ever Will Be . ”
If you ’ve enjoyed the guide , PLEASE let me know by commenting on this page .
I would love to hear how this guide has helped you and your business !
Also , feel free to link anyone else who needs help with their pricing to this page .
The guide is completely free , and meant to be shared as much as possible !
Bill Millios from Hopeland Studios has kindly put together an awesome spreadsheet to help you through the pricing guide .
This is an incredible resource , and best of all , it ’s FREE !
You can download the spreadsheet here .
**** NEW UPDATE ****
I recently added a short chapter on how to adapt the advice in the guide to a portrait photography business .
Although most of the advice can be applied to any kind of photography studio , there are a few key differences in calculations for photographers who primarily shoot portraits , so I ’ve included a bit more information on how to plan for those differences .
Enjoy !
This might not be good news for the proponents of Net Neutrality .
Barack Obama has recently edited his website with significant revisions to the technology plans .
Guess what goes out .
A large paragraph on Net Neutrality !
( which is reproduced below ) :
[ quote ]
Users must be free to access content , to use applications , and to attach personal devices .
They have a right to receive accurate and honest information about service plans .
But these guarantees are not enough to prevent network providers from discriminating in ways that limit the freedom of expression on the Internet .
Because most Americans only have a choice of only one or two broadband carriers , carriers are tempted to impose a toll charge on content and services , discriminating against websites that are unwilling to pay for equal treatment .
This could create a two - tier Internet in which websites with the best relationships with network providers can get the fastest access to consumers , while all competing websites remain in a slower lane .
Such a result would threaten innovation , the open tradition and architecture of the Internet , and competition among content and backbone providers .
It would also threaten the equality of speech through which the Internet has begun to transform American political and cultural discourse .
Barack Obama supports the basic principle that network providers should not be allowed to charge fees to privilege the content or applications of some web sites and Internet applications over others .
This principle will ensure that the new competitors , especially small or non-profit speakers , have the same opportunity as incumbents to innovate on the Internet and to reach large audiences .
Obama will protect the Internet ’s traditional openness to innovation and creativity and ensure that it remains a platform for free speech and innovation that will benefit consumers and our democracy .
[ unquote ]
Hmmmm … We note Obama still keeps the term ‘ Net Neutrality ’ there – perhaps for old times ’ sake – but now it is certain he is no more a fan of the idea .
For more revisions look here .
Very often , I have ventured to investigate and explain why Religion is harmful , both from the mental aspects as well as the physical aspects :
In many ways , Religion removes the wedge between what is rational from dangerous fantasy :
When you believe that the cupboard monster exists , pretty soon it becomes real and succinct in your mind , and if you dwell on it too much , your physical and mental executions will mirror that of your delusions .
With this in mind , I will like to discuss about one of the more dangerous , but least understood effects of religion on people who have become too entrenched in their morbid , religious fantasies : Sectarianism .
The Secular World : A Virtual Minefield
The Fundie 's View of the Demon - Haunted World
Sectarianism and the Siege Mentality
Typical Jewish Class
Sectarianism Breeds Violence and Intolerance
In the mind of a religious fundamentalist , the secular world is a virtual minefield :
From the rock & roll songs blasting from stereo systems and radios to the highly attractive bulletins of semi-clad , bikini babes , just about every aspect of capitalism and commercialism is a devil 's advocate , inciting deep - seated sexual lust for beautiful men and women , as well as insatiable hunger for the latest gadgets and fashion accessories .
That aside , seemingly harmless entities , such as secular education , threatens the very fabric of the fundie 's narrow fantasy world : Evolution , for example , dictates that life has evolved over billions of years , a direct contradiction to the fundies '
God-inspired design of the planet and its inhabitants .
From the very point the fundie wakes up for his morning coffee , to the point when he falls asleep , the fundie is , in essence , trudging along a narrow path , flanked on all sides by booby traps laid by a fictitious Devil .
As far as religious communities go , sectarianism is often the no.1 problem in multi-cultural communities :
Because religions tend to run smack against the grain of secularism and even opposing religions , ultra - fundamentalist communities tend to employ a siege mentality towards others who do not share their erstwhile creeds .
Hard - lined Jewish communities , for example , do not allow cross-marriages : Children are enrolled into Jewish schools , cloistered away from secular education .
Raised in such conditions , children are taught prejudices that would otherwise exist only in the dastardly world of religious , adult zealots .
Muslim children are taught that the kafirs , or infidels , are filthy because they eat pork .
Christian children are taught that non-believers of the faith will go to hell .
Bigotry , it seems , can be traced all the way back to these religious institutions .
Raised in such communities , children are often taught a very distorted view of the world we live in : Modern medicine , such as psychiatry , is wrong , because mental illnesses are part and parcel of the Devil 's stranglehold on our sinful nature .
Evolution is a delusion invented by the Devil , who , Jebus knows where or when , decided to set up a fossil factory to plant all those erstwhile fossils for foolhardy scientists to dig and expound like excited little chimpanzees .
Condoms are little pieces of rubber which are created by sinister capitalists designed to transmit the deadly AIDS virus .
Homosexuals who practice anal sex are deemed no better than animals , and doctors who practice abortion are branded murderers and child killers .
Imbued with such devious fantasies , religious communities continue to perpetrate prejudice , falsehoods and dogmas down generations on end , and it seems that there is no end in sight to such bigoted nonsense .
History has shown that the " us or them " mentality , whether it is racially or religiously inclined , tends to yield disastrous results :
From the ancient Protestant vs Catholic wars in Victorian England , to the massacre of the marsh Arabs by Saddam 's regime , sectarianism breeds violence and intolerance .
The failure to inculcate a more tolerant and positive attitude towards other cultures and creeds , plus a persistent need to emphasize on the " My religion is right , yours is wrong " mentality , religious communities are perfect hotbeds for breeding terrorists and bigots of all shapes and sizes .
If there is a need to remind ourselves the inherent dangers of Religion , the ruins of September 911 are perfect reminders of the dangers we face in a religiously sectarian world .
- " Beliefs are what divide people .
Doubt unites them . "
Peter Ustinov
This Ohio Arts toy was manufactured with a full line of accessories .
With lots of tweaking , I still could not get this thing to run at a uniform speed .
Who knows if they ever did ?
From what I 've seen , the claim is true that this is the smallest working phonograph .
It runs on the simple process of the needle making contact with the record when the top is closed which also makes the record start to spin .
Then a cross bar comes in contact with the top of the needle which makes contact with what can only be described as a small inverted dome which IS the speaker .
Its a very crude and unreliable system but hey , what do you want from a toy !
What I find most facinating about this player is the wide range of original material that was recorded specifically for this player .
The new fabric strongly repels water thanks to nanoscale filaments with a spiky structure ( Image : University of Zurich / Wiley Vch )
A jet of water sprayed onto the superhydrophobic fabric bounces out without leaving a trace ( Image : University of Zurich / Wiley Vch )
If you were to soak even your best raincoat underwater for two months it would be wet through at the end of the experience .
But a new waterproof material developed by Swiss chemists would be as dry as the day it went in .
Advertisement
Lead researcher Stefan Seeger at the University of Zurich says the fabric , made from polyester fibres coated with millions of tiny silicone filaments , is the most water - repellent clothing - appropriate material ever created .
Drops of water stay as spherical balls on top of the fabric ( see image , right ) and a sheet of the material need only be tilted by 2 degrees from horizontal for them to roll off like marbles .
A jet of water bounces off the fabric without leaving a trace ( see second image ) .
Protective spikes
The secret to this incredible water resistance is the layer of silicone nanofilaments , which are highly chemically hydrophobic .
The spiky structure of the 40 - nanometre - wide filaments strengthens that effect , to create a coating that prevents water droplets from soaking through the coating to the polyester fibres underneath .
“ The combination of the hydrophobic surface chemistry and the nanostructure of the coating results in the super - hydrophobic effect , ” Seeger explained to New Scientist .
“ The water comes to rest on the top of the nanofilaments like a fakir sitting on a bed of nails , ” he says .
A similar combination of water - repelling substances and tiny nanostructures is responsible for many natural examples of extreme water resistance , such as the surface of Lotus leaves .
The silicone nanofilaments also trap a layer of air between them , to create a permanent air layer .
Similar layers – known as plastrons – are used by some insects and spiders to breathe underwater .
Self - cleaning suit
This fine layer of air ensures that water never comes into contact with the polyester fabric .
It can be submerged in water for two months and still remain dry to the touch , says Seeger .
In addition , the plastron layer can also reduce drag when moving from water by up to 20 % according to preliminary experiments conducted by Seeger .
“ This could be very interesting for athletic swimwear applications , ” he suggests , raising the possibility of future swimsuits that never get wet .
The new coating is produced in a one - step process , in which silicone in gas form condenses onto the fibres to form nanofilaments .
The coating can also be added to other textiles , including wool , viscose and cotton , although polyester currently gives the best results .
Durable invention
Experiments also showed that the new coating is durable .
Unlike some water - resistant coatings , it remains more - or - less intact when the fabric is rubbed vigorously , although it did n’t survive an everyday washing machine cycle .
For Steven Bell , director of the Innovative Molecular Materials Group at Queen ’s University Belfast , it is this durability that represents the really exciting aspect of this work .
“ Although the textiles did show some degradation in the mechanical abrasion tests , their performance was very impressive , ” he says .
“ The era of self - cleaning clothes may be closer than we think . ”
Journal reference : Advanced Functional Materials ( DOI : 10.1002/adfm.200800755 )
Tamsyn Burgmann and Colin Perkel , The Canadian Press
BARRIE , Ont. --
The nearly month - long search for a teen who went missing after arguing with his parents over a video game ended in apparent tragedy Wednesday just as Brandon Crisp 's mother placed her hopes on a new billboard campaign to bring her son home .
A body " believed " to be that of Crisp was found Wednesday morning in a rural area within kilometres of his central Ontario home , said police , who added foul play was not suspected .
The 15 - year - old 's disappearance on Thanksgiving Day , Oct. 13 , prompted an outpouring of emotion and support from across the country , with hundreds volunteering to assist in the search .
Crisp ran away from home when his parents took away his Xbox console because of what they said was his addiction to the online game " Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare . "
Charmaine Nolan , who works with the teen 's mother and organized the public search for him , said she is " devastated " for the family .
" We 've just been beside ourselves dealing with this unfortunate outcome , " she said of herself and the other searchers .
" We just had a lot of hope and a lot of promise that we were going to get Brandon back safe and sound , so it was a very difficult day for us . "
Nolan said spoke with Angelika Crisp just hours before the tragic news .
" We were just excited this morning because , through our company , we had organized a series of billboards that we were getting set up and getting ready for printing to post Brandon 's missing poster , " Nolan said .
While police were still in the early stages of the investigation the body was believed to be Crisp , said Barrie police Sgt. Dave Goodbrand .
" It 's believed at this time it is Brandon Crisp , however there is other medical examination and further investigative work that has to be conducted before we can make that determination 100 per cent , " he said .
" We 're definitely all moved by this and the case has drawn national attention and we 've done everything we can to locate Brandon and obviously a very tragic day . "
Investigators have been in touch with the teen 's parents , Goodbrand added .
" They 're obviously distraught by the information , " he said .
" Our thoughts and prayers are with the family right now . "
Provincial police Const .
George Silvestri said the discovery of the body did not present a safety concern for the community .
" Our indication is , at this time , no foul play suspected , but of course we have to examine every possibility , " Silvestri said .
The body has been taken to Toronto where a post mortem examination will take place , Silvestri said after provincial police took over the investigation .
Throughout their ordeal , Crisp 's parents had held out hope that their son would safely return home , even changing their answering machine message in the event the boy tried to call home .
The message was still on the Crisp family 's answering machine Wednesday , urging the boy to call 911 and say he was OK in case he was n't in a position to leave a message .
" We love you dearly , " the father says in the recorded message .
" We want you home ; we just need to know you 're safe . "
Staff and about 1,100 students at St. Joseph's High School , where Crisp was a pupil , held a communal prayer in the school gymnasium after learning the news .
" It 's absolutely devastating for the school community , " said Diane Legg , a spokeswoman for the Simcoe Muskoka Catholic District School Board .
" The students are in grief .
This has been a tremendous shock for the school community today to get this information . "
Police first delivered the grim news to the school 's principal , who then informed teachers and students .
Legg said students were given the option of going home early or remaining in class , and grief counsellors were to be made available .
The railing outside the school entrance was still adorned with yellow ribbons Wednesday afternoon , and a sign on the grounds read : " Crisp family in our thoughts and prayers . "
Outside the school chapel , candles , flowers and condolence book were laid out on a table alongside a photograph of the boy .
" It was a very , very difficult afternoon .
That comes like a real blow after waiting this amount of time , " said Matt McCann , the school 's principal .
" We 've been promoting that whole hope idea .
It 's been very difficult . "
Police had said that a woman saw Crisp on two occasions along a trail several kilometres from his home on the night he disappeared , and she noted the boy appeared to be having trouble with his bike .
The teen 's abandoned mountain bike was found in the area Oct. 20 .
As the weather grew colder and snow began falling , police began a massive aerial , marine and ground search effort on Oct. 19 in the Shanty Bay area -- about four kilometres from Crisp 's home -- near where the body was found Wednesday .
About 1,500 volunteers also aided in the search , but no trace of the boy was found at the time .
Police had received more than 1,000 tips , but failed to find any meaningful clues to Crisp 's whereabouts .
Two local media companies , including the Barrie Advance , where the boy 's mother works , had put up some $ 20,000 in reward money for information to help locate the teen .
Software giant Microsoft , which manufactures the Xbox , later boosted that amount to $ 50,000 .
Crisp 's disappearance prompted a huge outpouring of support from across the country .
A Facebook group with nearly 22,000 members was created , and within a half - hour of the news of the discovery of the body , there were already 100 condolence messages .
It 's not often that I find myself on the same side as right - wing Republican politicians .
But for the past two weeks I 've been cheering the neocon nutcases as they tried to prevent the big motor manufacturers from receiving government money for their failed business model .
The Democrats , by contrast , thought the handout was an excellent idea .
So did George Bush , who has just driven the senate 's decision , and his own party , off the road .
Bush maintained that letting GM and Chrysler collapse " would deal an unacceptably painful blow to hardworking Americans " , but as if to show he could n't give a damn about such people , he insisted that the rescued manufacturers cut their workers ' wages and benefits .
There might have been some justification for bailing out the banks – their collapse would have brought the rest of the global economy down – but there is no excuse for this new round of corporate socialism .
The potential failure of GM , Chrysler and Ford , like that of Jaguar Land Rover , is entirely of their own making .
Long after it became clear that people wanted smaller , more economical cars , they continued to produce monstrous guzzlers .
As SUVs rust in showrooms all over America , it looks as if the only thing which will sustain the " Big Three " over the next year or two is even more government money .
Now that the US package has been approved , European manufacturers will clamour even more loudly for the € 40bn they say they deserve for being almost as useless as their competitors across the Atlantic .
The British government has already been in talks with Jaguar Land Rover - one of Europe 's dirtiest companies – to keep the pollution flowing at state expense .
If this bail - out goes ahead , British taxpayers will be paying an Indian company to produce cars for the wealthy , to help them drive the world towards climate breakdown .
What a great deal .
Just think what could be done with money like this if it were invested instead in a green energy revolution .
Not only would it stimulate lasting manufacturing jobs , it could also fund the emergency measures required to prevent runaway climate change .
But on both sides of the Atlantic , governments plead poverty when they are asked to invest in the future , then lavish funding on the past .
Never underestimate the lobbying power which lurks behind sunk costs .
Let the failed car companies go down .
Yes , it will hurt , but not nearly as much as letting them survive .
[ Quick note to new visitors via viral poodle action :
Thanks for coming !
If you like these poodles and want something just as dramatic but even more awesome , check out my story on This American Life this week ! )
---
On to the poodles !
Listen :
And look :
Yes , that is a teenage mutant ninja poodle .
Get it ?
I know , I know .
Which one ?
Leonardo , obviously .
Duh .
I mean .
Just look at the color of the mask .
MORE CREATIVE GROOMING !
In this country , anyone can wield the power of the president -- to pardon a Thanksgiving Day turkey .
Vegetarians do it all the time -- skip the bird on the holiday table .
But what would a T - Day feast be without the fowl ?
Enter the faux roast , an option for vegetarians who avoid meat for health or ethical reasons , yet yearn to carve a meaty centerpiece for the sake of nostalgia .
For them , there are a number of meatless alternatives .
They 're readily available at Whole Foods Markets , Trader Joes and other upscale grocers during ...
I do n't know about you , but we 've been enjoying Nigella Lawson 's hired friends so much we think they ought to make a sitcom about them .
You know the ones I mean .
Nigella , in the course of her multi-evening Christmas spectacular , has been slaving in a négligée over some white - trash pot dish – turkey stewed in 7 - UP can't be far away .
She sprinkles some random coriander over the top , and hands it out to her guests .
The Hired Friends Of Nigella Lawson .
Scrub the bit about the sitcom .
It sounds like an existential tragedy by Rainer Werner Fassbinder .
Around the table are a beautifully groomed older woman who , you just know , left a Georgina von Etzdorf scarf on the coat rack .
There is a raddled old gay who looks as if he works a 36 - hour disco shift at the Vauxhall coal face every weekend .
There is someone who can only be a PR operative extracted from the middle - management layer of Nigella 's gigantic machine , enunciating like mad .
There is a comfortably upholstered black lady with dreadlocks .
And if memory serves , there is someone 's accountant .
Inaccurate as some of these impressions may prove , there is no denying the fact that this is clearly the dinner party from hell .
Charles Saatchi has apparently insisted that his wife removes herself from the massive Belgravia mansion to a south London terrace for the festive season , and shows no sign of putting in an appearance among the hired friends .
If this were not a television programme , filmed in July , you would have to say Nigella was paying off some overdue social obligations , and lumping a few sad sacks together .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The thing we love is that not one of them has a thing to say apart from stuff about Nigella 's cooking .
No comment about property prices ,
The X Factor , sexual predilections of fellow guests or the general crapness of contemporary British art will fall from their lips .
They are all too busy pointing out how marvellous Nigella 's kitchen produce is , knowing their enthusiasm now will dictate their employment in the same role next year .
If you look up " party conversation topics " on the internet , you will be advised not to talk about the food , but to embark on random conversations with strangers on such themes as " If you had a superpower , what would it be ? "
I tried this once on a stranger .
They gazed into the middle distance for a while , asked me to repeat myself , and then said : " Well , I 'd quite like the South West Trains service to Plymouth to be more reliable . "
And yet I have to say there is a little part of me that wants to be one of Nigella 's Hired Friends .
How relaxing to sit with people you have nothing in common with , to know you are not going to be allowed to talk about anything but the superficially repulsive notion of an espresso Martini !
How nice to extract yourself from all family ties , to spend the festive season with six people whose names you are not entirely clear about !
Is it a false impression that , over the past few weeks , I seem to have heard quite a lot of people saying their Christmas is going to be a matter of " waifs and strays " gathering together over the turkey , not with apology , but with some pride ?
Nigella 's friends are a glimpse of a glorious future , which we can all look forward to ; one where nobody really knows each other , everyone is stuffing their faces and , best of all , we 're all permanently on telly .
I think we can all agree that somewhere in there is the true meaning of Christmas .
So God bless us , every one .
' Australia ' sounds like exactly my kind of film
The reviews are in , and they ain't good .
Baz Luhrmann has made a film about Australia , called Australia , in which Nicole Kidman gets to wear some Ralph Lauren heritage tat , Hugh Jackman plays butch and unshaven , various Aborigines have their culture traduced and that great tradition of widescreen landscape photography , by all accounts , is revived on a soporific scale .
Critics have absolutely hated it , and Miss Kidman 's mannered acting style .
The takings in America have not been anywhere as good as might have been expected .
It sounds absolutely terrible , and I can't wait to see it .
This , surely , is exactly the sort of film where nobody could reasonably ask for good taste , cultural sensitivities , good acting or any other subtleties .
What we ask for here is to be knocked over the head with one vulgarity after another , an orchestra in the background playing " Waltzing Matilda " , and Miss Kidman 's lovely , immobile features rendered against a bright yellow desert on a screen the size of Piccadilly Circus .
I have great confidence that Australia is going to turn out to be a film of perfect , classical vulgarity , something which has its own merits .
How to kill two enemies with one stone
At least Nicole Kidman 's Australia is the only Australian epic on the horizon .
Two simultaneous films of Dangerous Liaisons were followed by two simultaneous biopics about Truman Capote .
And now , with very bad luck , three film companies are working on exactly the same historical subject : the battle of Hastings , William the Conqueror and King Harold .
" In Hollywood terms , it is a ' buddy ' movie about two men which ended in tears , " said one disconsolate producer .
It is not only the movie which may end in tears .
This enthusiasm seems to overstate the interest which even the English have in two remote and dirty kings .
The fact that William , pictured , was married to a near - dwarf may , too , restrict the romantic interest .
But the real problem , surely , is that Hollywood conventions have for years dictated that if you want to cast a cold and calculating villain , you cast an Englishman ; if you want an unreliable and unmanly cad , you cast a Frenchman .
Could they ever , realistically , make a film about a war between the two nations and ask audiences to cheer for either side ?
Anger at the disproportionate number of African - Americans who voted for California ’s same - sex marriage ban “ has been widely noted , ” said Jeff Jacoby in The Boston Globe .
But " for sheer hatefulness , " the " hatemongering " directed against Mormons for pushing the ballot measure can't be beat .
“ A few extremists ” have “ crossed the line into religious ( and racist ) bigotry , ” said Dale Carpenter in The Volokh Conspiracy , but the vast majority have kept their well - justified protests in bounds .
Still , the Mormon church did largely bankroll Prop. 8 , and “ it ’s not anti-religious bigotry to call attention ” to that — just do so at government buildings , not churches .
The Prop. 8 protesters are certainly making the Mormon church into the guardian of “ traditional marriage , ” said Marc Ambinder in The Atlantic online , so the Mormons are getting something in the deal : “ serious cred in social conservative circles . ”
That might make the real winner in all this Mitt Romney , said Jason Zengerle in The New Republic online , whose inability to generate support among “ rank - and - file social conservatives ” helped cost him the Republican presidential nomination this year .
Look for that to change in 2012 if “ the Mormon church becomes the driving force behind the anti-gay marriage crusade . ”
My brand new goal in life is to get more proficient with teh Emacs so I can experience the juicy goodness of the elisp that people keep telling me about .
So yes , this will be another Emacs post and there will probably be another one before the end of the week .
But today I wo n’t be talking just about emacs – this is also about LaTex .
If my calculations are correct , the combination of Emacs +
LaTex should have scared away roughly 60 to 80 % of the readers .
Those who remain either already use Emacs , use Emacs to code LaTex , or are just sticking around to tell me I should stick with Vim .
And no , I ’m not abandoning the good old Vim – I will probably still use it till I die .
But while vim is probably the best text editor on the planet Emacs is actually a very good general purpose IDE like framework .
For example , I do most of my coding in Kile ( KDE Based LaTex IDE ) and TeXnicCenter ( a windows based IDE ) .
I searched long and hard for a multi platform LaTex IDE that would work for me , and I failed .
Instead I found two damn good platform specific ones .
Unfortunately , when I switch from the desktop to the laptop I have to switch my LaTex editing environments , key bindings and etc. .
Other than that , both systems run almost identical set of software – Firefox , Thunderbird , Eclipse , Komodo Edit and Vim .
And no , none of the Tex plugins for Eclipse really worked for me .
They just did n’t work the way I wanted to .
Eclipse is great for Java , but that ’s about it .
In my search for the perfect IDE however , I completely ignored Emacs .
I mean , that ’s a text editor , right ?
What I need an IDE with like toolbars , code completion and the whole 9 yards .
Am I correct ?
You can put the pitchforks and torches down !
I was wrong , naturally .
Saying that Emacs is just a text editor is like calling iPhone just a phone .
Sure , it is that , but it can also do all other things .
No other text editor has a powerful programming framework that allows you endless customization at it ’s core .
Elisp can be used to make Emacs do just about anything , from editing text files , fetching your email , browsing the web to playing games ( try doing M-x tetris and see what happens ) .
In and by itself it is a very decent LaTex editor with nice syntax highlighting .
But it ’s not an IDE yet .
What you need is some of that elisp awesomeness that I mentioned above .
Enter AUCTex – a nifty little package which will turn your Emacs into a awesome LaTex IDE and blow your mind .
I could just sit here listing all of it ’s features , but instead of doing that , I ’ll simply show you my Emacs buffer with AUCTex :
First thing you will probably see is that with AUCTex the LaTex mode will actually use helpful visual hints in addition to just regular highlights .
So section headings will actually be bigger than regular text , \textbf blocks will actually render in bolface and etc .
Second striking feature is that AUCTex lets you preview headings , formulas and image inline .
Yes , it will actually compile the code , and render pretty images in the buffer .
You can toggle between code and image at any time by middle mousing it or using the context menu .
The only LaTex toll that does that is Lyx .
But Lyx is kinda funky and I never really liked their philosophy of almost - sorta - WYSIWYG .
If you look at the menus , note the LaTex and Math ones .
They are chock full of functions and key bindings for auto generating code , and auto inserting code for various characters and environments .
How do I get this big bowl of awesome , you may ask .
Well , if you are running Ubuntu , you are in luck – there is actually nothing simpler :
aptitude install auctex , preview - latex
Once you restart Emacs and open a tex file you should see the AUCTex environment preloaded .
To get the Math menu simply drop the following line into your .emacs file :
;; Math mode for LaTex ( add - hook ' LaTeX - mode - hook ' LaTeX - math - mode )
You may also want to add the following lines if you do n’t have them there already
; ; mouse scrolling ( mouse - wheel - mode t ) ;; spellcheck in LaTex mode ( add - hook `latex - mode - hook `flyspell - mode ) ( add - hook `tex - mode - hook `flyspell - mode ) ( add - hook `bibtex - mode - hook `flyspell - mode ) ;;
Show line - number and column - number in the mode line ( line - number - mode 1 ) ( column - number - mode 1 ) ;; highlight current line ( global - hl - line - mode 1 )
These do n’t really have anything to do with AUCTex but they do make working with Emacs easier .
Naturally do n’t forget your CUA
Mode settings if you need them .
If you are on Windows , then installing AUCTex might be a bit more difficult .
Actually , to tell you the truth , it is a major pain in the ass .
This is why it will get it ’s own post that will appear here another day .
Needless to say , it is doable , and it works on Windows but you might actually need to * gasp * compile something .
Anyway , I think I ’m sold .
I think Emacs will become my main LaTex IDE from now on .
At least it ’ll be consistent . :)
[ tags ] emacs , auctex , latex , tex , cua mode , ide , vim , editor , text editor [ / tags ]
Goldman Sachs cuts taxes to one percent by moving profits offshore John Byrne
Published : Thursday December 18 , 2008
Print This Email This Bank takes $ 10 billion bailout , then cuts tax rate 33 percent Say you got a ten billion dollar loan to shore up your finances , and you paid your employees $ 10.9 billion , and you raked in $ 2.3 billion for the year .
What would you say you owed in taxes ?
One percent ?
That 's what you 'd pay if you were Goldman Sachs , Inc .
The high - flying brokerage -- and former home of Bush Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson -- has announced it 's paying just $ 14 million in taxes this year .
Last year , their tax bill was $ 6 billion , or 34.1 percent .
That represents a year - over - year tax rate drop of 33.1 percent , and an actual percentage drop of 97 percent .
Goldman attributed its lower tax rate to " more tax credits as a percentage of earnings " and " changes in geographic earnings mix . "
Tax accounting advisor Robert Willens told Bloomberg News the rate drop seems " a little extreme . "
" I was definitely taken aback , " Willens told the business wire .
" Clearly they have taken steps to ensure that a lot of their income is earned in lower - tax jurisdictions . "
Texas Democrat Rep. Lloyd Doggett , who serves on the House Ways and Means Committee , said Goldman , like other banks , shifted income to countries with lower taxes to reduce its tax burden .
" This problem is larger than Goldman Sachs , " Doggett told Bloomberg .
" With the right hand out begging for bailout money , the left is hiding it offshore . "
Paulson was CEO of Goldman Sachs until mid-2006 , and earned $ 35 million at the firm in 2005 .
He drew a $ 16.4 million salary in 2006 -- even though he served as chief executive for just half the year .
In the face of economic upheaval in the United States , a record 89 percent of Americans now say the country has pretty seriously gotten off on the wrong track while just 7 percent of Americans say the country is going in the right direction , according to the latest New York Times / CBS News Poll .
While strong majorities of all demographic groups agree that the country is headed in the wrong direction , there are some who are less inclined to be of the same opinion .
Republicans and those supporting Senator John McCain are more likely to say things in the country are going well than are Democrats and those supporting Senator Barack Obama .
Americans in lower income brackets and those who consider themselves part of the working class are more negative about the direction of the country .
The Times / CBS News record high of 64 percent of those saying the country was on the right track came three months after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 when the country was experiencing a rally in support for all things American .
The nationwide telephone poll was conducted Friday through Monday with 1,070 adults , of whom 972 were registered voters , and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points for both groups .
Complete poll results will be available this evening at 6:30 p.m .
TinyURL is a great service .
Without even registering , you can take a long URL , like this …
http://www.mapquest.com/maps/map.adp?ovi=1&mqma
p.x=300&mqmap.y=75&mapdata=%252bKZmeiIh6N%252bI
gpXRP3bylMaN0O4z8OOUkZWYe7NRH6ldDN96YFTIUmSH3Q6
OzE5XVqcuc5zb%252fY5wy1MZwTnT2pu%252bNMjOjsHjvN
lygTRMzqazPStrN%252f1YzA0 oWEWLwkHdhVHeG9sG6cMrf
XNJKHY6 fML4o6Nb0SeQm75ET9
jAjKelrmqBCNta%252bsKC
9n8jslz%252fo188N4g3BvAJYuzx8J8r%252f1 fPFWkPYg %
252bT9Su5KoQ9YpNSj%252bmo0h0aEK%252bofj3f6vCP
… and get a short one made in a few seconds .
Long URLs get fouled up in e-mail , newsgroup postings , and other places , making it a real pain to manually put the URL back together again .
Most people just give up .
Personally I am often suspicious when I see a TinyURL link in an article .
It makes me think sometimes that the real destination is being hidden from me .
Lawrence Kabay wrote about this a couple of years ago here .
It basically comes down to trust : do you trust the source of the link , or is the creator of the link luring you into visiting a malicious website that will attempt to implant malware on your computer ?
TinyURL has developed a new feature that I think everyone should use .
It does not require registration , but it does require you permit a cookie with TinyURL .
They call this a Preview Feature , where TinyURL will show you the link , which gives you the option on whether you will actually visit the site or not .
Here is how it works : you click a TinyURL link in an article ( or any other source ) , and you ’re taken to TinyURL.com where they show you where the link really goes :
After examining the link , if you want to visit the page , just click on the link on the screen .
If you do not wish to visit the site , just hit “ back ” or close your browser tab or window .
Never again will you be taken someplace where you do n’t want to go .
Here is how to set this up :
1. Go to TinyURL.com/preview.php
2. TinyURL will tell you whether you have Link Preview enabled or not .
3 . If you see the link , “ Click here to enable previews , ” click it to turn Previews on .
Henceforth , every time you click a TinyURL link , you will be taken to a preview page where you can view the link and decide whether to visit the site or not .
Much better than following a blind link .
Editorial
Will There Be a Recession ?
by Fred E. Foldvary , Senior Editor
The beginning of a new year is the traditional time to look ahead , make plans for the coming months , and try to guess what may happen .
Many people are wondering what will happen to the economy .
Will the economic boom continue ?
Will the trouble in East Asia spread to the rest of the world ?
What will happen to wages and profits ?
Economic theory enables us to make conditional forecasts and predictions .
However , since national economies are heavily politicized , the future depends not just on the market process but also on the decisions of officials such as the President , Congress , and the Federal Reserve and other central banks .
There can also be natural disasters that can overturn forecasts .
There are so many variables that nobody really knows the future .
However , theory suggests that if nothing interferes , economies will move in particular long - run directions .
Many economists and journalists are surprised that the US economy has been so prosperous for so long without a recession or inflation .
But this is the way economies should normally behave !
The current economy is no surprise or mystery to those grounded in the geo-Austrian theory of the business cycle , which I have written up in the October 1997 issue of the American Journal of Economics and Sociology .
The evidence during the last 200 years is that there are several types of cycles , which we can call short , major , and long cycles .
The short cycles run every four years or so , the major ones every 18 to 20 years , and then there are long cycles of about 60 years .
My focus is on the short and major cycles .
The short one has been called an inventory cycle and a political cycle .
Since the last major bottom was around 1991 , forecasters expected a recession around 1995 .
Officially , there was no recession , since the economy continued to grow , but the growth slowed down .
On a per-capita basis , I would say there was a minor recession , since growth was below population increase for three out of the four quarters .
After that , the economy took off .
My view is that the economy is now on the next short cycle which would have a duration from 1995 to about 1999 or 2000 .
That puts 1998 in the middle of the short - run boom , coinciding with an election year when the politicians try to avoid any slowing of growth .
Any economic problems due to the year - 2000 computer problem will most likely occur in 1999 or 2000 , not 1998 .
The major cycle is tied to the real - estate cycle .
The last major downturn was around 1990 , which would put the next major recession around the year 2008 .
The US economy recovered from the major bottom and has entered the boom phase .
Unemployment is low , profits are up , inflation is low , interest rates are low , and real estate is booming , with vacancies low , rents rising , and construction picking up .
With the short and major cycles expanding , a recession is unlikely , though always possible .
It should be noted that even if the economy continues to prosper , that does not imply that the stock market will keep going up or that any particular investment strategy will do well .
Financial markets are influenced by psychology and speculation which do n't always follow the economic trend .
Financial markets look to the future , and expecations are often wrong .
What will happen to the economies of Thailand , Malaysia , Indonesia , South Korea , and the others affected by the collapse of their currencies and real - estate booms ?
This depends very much on the policies of the governments and the rules imposed by the International Monetary Fund as a condition for massive loans .
Some of the policy changes , such as liberalizing their financial markets , will help their economies .
Currency devaluations will boost their exports .
Bankruptcies and a collapse of the unsustainable real - estate booms will clear the way to a fresh start .
The US boom has been so strong that it has not been much affected by the Asian problems .
Some industries , such as automobiles , will be pressured by cheap imports from Asia , but then consumers will benefit .
The global boom , especially in the U.S. and Europe , will most likely pull up the Asian economies , not to speak of IMF bailouts .
If there were a real global crisis , the price of gold would not likely be at such historical lows .
An ever - present threat to the global economy is war .
The Israeli / Palestinian conflict remains deadlocked over the land question .
The situation in Iraq remains a danger .
But a more predictable long - term danger to prosperity comes from two key economic variables : money and land .
The East - Asian problem is a precursor to the greater global crash that awaits the end of the major cycle .
Though price inflation is low in the US , there is still money inflation .
Instead of showing up in retail prices , money inflation can fuel the real - estate and stock markets and create an unsustainable boom in investments .
Real - estate speculation in both construction and land prices , fueled by cheap credit , will ultimately lead to a great global crash .
This has happened repeatedly in the US since the early 1800s , it happened to Japan in the 1980s , and we have just seen it occur in East Asia .
The remedies , free banking and public revenues from rent , are not even being talked about .
Since theory indicates the big crash is a decade into the future , and both the short and long cycles are in the boom phases , 1998 should be a prosperous year .
Too bad the politicians wo n't solve the long - term problem while there is time .
Your name Your email address Check this box if you 'd like to receive occasional Economic Justice Updates via email .
No more than one every three weeks on average .
Back to The Progress Report
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The New York Times endorsed Democrat Barack Obama for U.S. president on Thursday , saying he had “ met challenge after challenge , growing as a leader and putting real flesh on his early promises of hope and change . ”
The Times posted its endorsement on its Internet site on Thursday evening and was to publish it in Friday editions of the newspaper .
Earlier this year , the newspaper endorsed New York Sen.
Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination , but it said Obama had long ago erased the reservations that led it to make that decision .
“ He has drawn in legions of new voters with powerful messages of hope and possibility and calls for shared sacrifice and social responsibility , ” the Times said .
“ He has shown a cool head and sound judgment .
We believe he has the will and the ability to forge the broad political consensus that is essential to finding solutions to this nation ’s problems . ”
The newspaper declared that the choice between Obama and Republican John McCain was easy .
“ Mr. McCain , whom we chose as the best Republican nominee in the primaries , has spent the last coins of his reputation for principle and sound judgment to placate the limitless demands and narrow vision of the far - right wing , ” it said .
The endorsement was not unexpected .
The Times endorsed Democrats John Kerry in 2004 and Al Gore in 2000 .
According to Editor & Publisher magazine , Obama is outpacing McCain in newspaper endorsements by about three to one , even winning the nod of the Chicago Tribune , the first time it has endorsed a Democrat for president .
However such endorsements are considered to have little influence on voters , especially in presidential races .
Cape Town — Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has barred the former United Nations Secretary - General , Kofi Annan , the former United States President , Jimmy Carter , and the advocate for the rights of women and children , Graça Machel , from entering Zimbabwe .
The three were due to arrive in Zimbabwe on Saturday to assess the country 's growing humanitarian crisis .
Millions of Zimbabweans are facing food shortages , the country 's educational and health systems are grinding to a halt and there have been outbreaks of cholera .
But news agencies reported that the group had been denied travel visas .
The organizers of the visit , the group of former leaders calling themselves " The Elders , " said in a statement on Saturday that " the government of Zimbabwe has refused to cooperate in any way to make the visit possible . "
Delegations of " Elders " from the group , including Carter and Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa , have in the past visited other areas of conflict , including Darfur , with the co-operation of the governments concerned .
Annan said in Saturday 's statement that he had prepared for the visit by speaking to " many regional leaders " in southern Africa , who welcomed the proposed visit .
" Millions of people are in need of help in Zimbabwe , " Annan said in the statement .
" We want to use our influence to increase the flow of assistance , immediately and in the longer term , to stop the terrible suffering .
We are here to show solidarity with the people of Zimbabwe and to assure them that they are not alone . "
Machel - also the wife of Nelson Mandela and the widow of former Mozambican president and Mugabe ally Samora Machel - said the Zimbabwean government 's ban on the visit was " deeply regrettable . "
" People are dying from hunger every day ... and hospitals are unable to treat the sick .
With schools struggling to stay open , children are missing out on an education .
One in four children has lost one or both parents ...
We want to talk to the people and hear their stories directly "
The delegation is already in South Africa .
Carter said the group would remain in the region to learn as much as it could about the situation in Zimbabwe .
The Elders was formed in response to an initiative by British businessman Richard Branson and musician Peter Gabriel .
Last of Mumbai gunmen killed : police chief Agence France - Presse
Published : Friday November 28 , 2008
Print This Email This MUMBAI ( AFP )  Indian commandos have killed the last Islamic militants holed up inside Mumbai's Taj Mahal hotel , ending the more than two - day assault on India 's financial capital , the city 's police chief told AFP .
" All ( combat ) operations are over .
All the terrorists have been killed , " Mumbai police commissioner Hassan Gafoor said , 59 hours after the attacks began .
The historic , seafront Taj Mahal hotel was the last area in Mumbai where gunmen were still holed up .
Gafoor said the overall death toll from attacks stood at around 155 confirmed killed .
Poll : 71 percent optimistic about the next four years RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday November 11 , 2008
Print This Email This As President George W. Bush 's approval ratings plumb new lows -- just 24 percent said they approved of his job as president in a poll yesterday -- President - Elect Barack Obama is receiving hopeful support from Democrats and Republicans alike .
In a CBS poll to be released this evening , 71 percent of Americans will say they are optimistic about the next four years .
88 percent of Democrats are positive about life under the future president , with 51 percent of Republicans .
More than 83 percent of African Americans are also found to be optimistic .
Just 17 percent of Americans are pessimistic , according to the poll .
Previous polls registered similar support prior to the presidencies of Jimmy Carter , Ronald Reagan , George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton -- but not President George W. Bush , who came to office only after the intervention of the US Supreme Court .
In internet land , yesterday 's news is today 's viral web hit , especially when it involves a chance to poke fun at US President George Bush .
Within hours of the now infamous shoe - throwing incident - or " shoegate " , as it was inevitably labelled - online hoons began remixing the footage into funny animated images and at least two online games .
In the first game , created by mischief makers in France , players assume the role of Bush and earn points depending on how long they can dodge shoes , which fly at him at a rapidly increasing frequency .
Offers fast , reliable Photo Clipping Path services for Digital Publications
House for their day to day need of Image Cropping , Masking , Silhouettes ,
Image Clipping Path using Photoshop , Illustrator , Fireworks , and Corel Draw .
We offer easy , reliable and affordable solution for your Photo Editing need .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use .
This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews .
india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) .
This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree .
The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites .
This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites .
The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively " devices " ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites .
Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com
We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third - party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users .
These third - party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third - party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third - party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party .
For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted .
Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites .
We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites .
This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes .
We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser .
However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites .
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and / or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above .
In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
These cookie are essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features .
Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like .
These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in / out to access site content .
They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical / Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third - party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing .
For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from .
If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make .
These cookies permit us to " remember you ” in - between visits .
For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising .
We may also allow our third - party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites .
The third - party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device .
For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ’ / ‘ tool ’ or ‘ edit ’ section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously - stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings .
However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user - profiles and the use of targeting / advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Strumming that guitar could help this little girl not only with dexterity , but also with brainy vocabulary tests .
Children who study a musical instrument for at least three years outperform children with no instrumental training on non-musical tests of vocabulary and non-verbal reasoning .
This new finding adds to a list of music 's magic .
Past research has shown tunes can evoke strong memories , reduce stress and even boost athletic performance .
Resarchers compared 41 kids , ages 8 to 11 , who had studied either piano or a string instrument for at least three years , with 18 children who had no instrument training .
Children in both groups spent about half an hour each week in music classes at school .
But instrument - wielding kids also attended private music lessons for an average of 45 minutes a week and practiced on their own at home .
Tests showed the kids who practiced instruments scored much higher than their non-musical counterparts on auditory discrimination and finger dexterity , both skills closely tied with musical training .
The young musicians ' vocabulary scores were 15 percent higher , and non-verbal reasoning scores were 11 percent higher .
The longer the child was musically trained , the higher the scores .
The study was done by Gottfried Schlaug of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School , and psychologist Ellen Winner of Boston College and Project Zero , Harvard Graduate School of Education , and their colleagues .
The findings were detailed in the Oct. 29 issue of the online journal PLoS ONE .
While the results suggest a link between music training and cognitive abilities , the researchers say further studies are needed to figure out whether one causes the other .
" It could be that kids who are better at these skills to begin with are the ones who stick with music training , " Winner said .
" So if I 'm a really smart kid I 'm more likely to stick with music training . "
She added , " But it could also be that music training is improving my verbal and my non-verbal reasoning . "
In a follow - up study , Winner 's team is following students from the beginning of their music training , measuring cognitive skills along the way .
If they do find a causal link between music and brainy tests , Winner said it would make sense .
" Music involves grasping patterns , and the non-verbal reasoning task involves grasping patterns , " Winner told LiveScience .
" You have to pay attention to the pattern of sounds , and you also have to pay attention to the pattern of the notes when you 're looking at music notation . "
The research was funded by the Dana Foundation , International Foundation for Music Research and National Science Foundation .
A military spokesman on Friday named at least three Moro rebel commanders who led the Christmas Eve attack in two provinces in the south that left at least 10 people dead and thousands homeless .
Lt. Col. Romeo Brawner , Philippine Army spokesman , told ABS - CBN's Umagang Kay Ganda that three Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) commanders led the attacks in Alameda town in North Cotabato and Kalamansig and Ninoy Aquino towns , Sultan Kudarat .
Brawner said a certain Commander Rambo of the MILF led the attack in Alameda town and Commander Datu Kalib and a certain Commander 511 led the attack in Kalamansig town .
The Army spokesman said the military were surprised by the MILF 's attacks because of the standing ceasefire agreement between the rebel group and the government .
He also denied that the military had launched offensives against the rebel fighters on December 24 .
Brawner said the military has deployed more troops to the two affected towns to repel more possible attacks by the Moro separatists .
The military claimed Friday that at least 10 people were killed and eight others were wounded in the attacks .
The rebels also reportedly took hostage farmer Ramil Vicente , his wife and their two children after the raids .
Residents were preparing their Christmas eve dinner when the MILF fired a continuous barrage of mortars at the three towns around 7 p.m .
An elderly woman was also reported killed in the MILF 's mortar attack .
“ The attacks came while the people were setting off firecrackers .
The attackers timed their attacks during the revelry , ” said Alamada Mayor Ernesto Concepcion .
MILF spokesman Eid Kabalu had denied that the rebel fighters attacked the civilians .
He said the incidents took place while the MILF are being pursued by military personnel .
Kabalu added that the MILF fighters were only retaliating to the military 's offensive .
Social welfare officer Edmund Cordero had reported that at least 600,000 people have left their homes and sought refuge in safer areas in Cotabato and Sultan Kudarat provinces .
Cordero said social welfare units have been assisting the displaced residents .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A pilot who suddenly went blind while flying his plane at 5,500 ft ( 1,676 m ) was guided in to land by an RAF plane .
A plane was scrambled from the RAF base at Linton - on - Ouse in North Yorkshire to help stricken pilot Jim O'Neill , 65 .
He was flying a two - seater Cessna aircraft from Glasgow Prestwick Airport to Colchester , Essex , when he suffered a stroke and lost his sight .
The RAF plane flew alongside Mr O'Neill and the pilot shepherded him to the base with instructions over the radio .
Mr O'Neill , who has 18 years ' flying experience , was overhead at RAF Leeming in Northallerton when he encountered difficulty and sent a mayday alert last Friday .
Operations commanding officer at RAF Linton - on - Ouse , Wing Cdr Andy Hynd , said : " At first he believed he was being blinded by sunlight because he had difficulty seeing his instruments and so he declared an emergency .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" He was handed over to us from Leeming and when we spoke to him he said he was happy to continue flying .
" However , air traffic control noticed his aircraft was descending and turning and he was asked again whether he wanted to continue at which point he said no . "
Despite air traffic controllers ' efforts , Mr O'Neill was unable to land the plane at nearby Full Sutton Airfield near York and was directed to RAF Linton - on - Ouse .
Mr Hynd said : " He still could n't see the runway here and he was starting to get distressed so we thought it was best to send a plane to him . "
Wing Cdr Paul Gerrard , chief flying instructor , flew his Tucano T1 about 50 m next to the Cessna to bring Mr O'Neill safely down .
Mr Hynd said : " He used his voice to guide him [ Mr O' Neill ] down by telling him to turn left and right , to lower the plane and to do his pre-landing checks .
Radar controller Sgt Richard Eggleton helped guide Mr O'Neill to safety " At very short range he still could n't see the runway and it was only at the last minute that he could .
He landed about halfway down and came to a halt just at the end .
" The RAF routinely practises shepherding but we are usually shepherding lost aircraft , we are not used to shepherding blind pilots , which is what makes this amazing .
" It was a fantastic team effort from all those involved and we 're proud that we could get him to the ground safely . "
Mr O'Neill was checked over by RAF medics before being transferred to Queen 's Hospital in Romford , Essex .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Tohokushinsha Film Corporation has announced on Monday that it has settled two copyright lawsuits over the Dai Yamato spinoff from the Space Battleship Yamato anime franchise .
An unspecified party has agreed to pay Tohokushinsha 250 million yen ( US $ 2.8 million ) to settle .
Tohokushinsha filed two suits against the Dai Yamato licensor Animation Soft and the game sellers Sankyo , Bisty , International Card System , and Fields in June and November 2004 .
Under its former name of Venture Soft Co. Ltd. , Animation Soft had co-produced 2004 - 2007 's Dai Yamato Zero - go video anime series by Yamato co-creator Leiji Matsumoto .
In the 2004 lawsuits , Tohokushinsha demanded restitution for Sankyo's CR Fever Dai Yamato pachinko ( vertical pinball machine ) series and Bisty 's Dai Yamato pachi-slo ( slot machines installed in pachinko parlors ) games .
However , the First Tokyo District Court dismissed one of the lawsuits in December 2006 and said that Tohokushinsha had no copyright claim .
Tohokushinsha appealed the dismissal .
This past August , original Yamato producer Yoshinobu Nishizaki announced his latest attempt to revive the space opera franchise , and said that all rights have been cleared for a new anime project next year .
Nishizaki , Matsumoto , and Tohokushinsha had been locked in legal disputes over the rights to the Yamato franchise for the better part of a decade .
Tohokushinsha said in its Monday announcement that it could not comment further on the agreement between the different parties .
On Dec. 7 , 1941 , 353 Japanese planes launched from six aircraft carriers destroyed most of the U.S. Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii .
That morning , 2,402 American servicemen were killed .
Until Sept. 11 , 2001 , this was the highest number of casualties in an attack on the United States .
But 67 years and three generations later , memory fades .
And some Japanese are actively trying to rewrite their country 's history .
Just ...
( h/t David )
Auto industry CEOs appeared on Capitol Hill today to ask for a $ 25 billion bailout .
Rep. Brad Sherman ( D - CA ) asked the top execs if they would be willing sell their corporate jets and travel home on commercial flights .
Sherman asked the CEOs , " I 'm going to ask you to raise your hand if you are planning to sell your jet in place now and fly back commercial . "
" Let the record show , no hands went up , " noted Sherman
MSNBC's Contessa Brewer and Mike Viqueira discussed the CEOs ' lack of response .
" I have to tell you , just listening to that is awkward , " said Brewer .
These idiot CEO's are not helping themselves and they need to change their King Maker mentality very fast or they will go down in flames .
Asking for a rescue package while flying in on private jets is freaking ludicrous .
No matter how we slice it , the Auto Industry is in big trouble and needs some help .
We can't allow it to fold because of the ramifications that will be felt throughout the country and the good people who will lose their jobs .
Millions of them actually .
Matt Stoller told me in an email exchange : " What most people ( including politicians I 've talked to ) do n't realize is that the auto industry dying will hurt every single community in America through the dealer network . "
Richard Shelby and his pals are hellbent to break the UAW and as many unions as they can get their hands on and that 's what is really going on here , but the media will never say that .
Shelby has deep ties into the auto industry that wants unions busted .
What Shelby does n't mention , of course , is that Alabama is a right to work state .
Shelby also does n't mention that Alabama is home to Honda , Toyota , Hyundai , and Mercedes plants .
Shelby also does n't reveal that many of the cars those manufacturers make in Alabama , without unions , are precisely the kind of behemoths critics attack Detroit for making -- only these have foreign nameplates : M - Class SUV , GL - Class SUV ( a new model ) , Pilot SUV , Santa Fe SUV , plus engines for Tacoma and Tundra pick - ups and Sequoia SUVs .
In other words , Shelby is n't opposed to car companies that are stupidly committing and recommitting to SUVs .
Rather , he 's just opposed to car companies that make SUVs with union labor .
If you remember , Shelby was the one who leaked NSA intercepts to Carl Cameron of FOX News and the media and then refused to take a lie detector test about it right after 9/11 .
" A sharp disagreement ensued between the FBI and senior Justice Department officials overseeing the case , according to federal law enforcement officials .
The FBI was convinced not only that Shelby leaked the information regarding the intercepts , but also that the senator might have misled the FBI when he was interviewed about his actions , according to sources .
They advocated that Shelby be prosecuted . "
Read the whole article .
Pat Roberts helps ruin the investigation .
He got off because Pat Roberts screwed up the investigation like he usually does .
And he 's the one on TV the most trying to force the auto industry to go belly up .
And Kathy G writes :
I 've written about this before , but I 'm doing it here again , because the wingnuts really need to put an end to this irresponsible bullshit , and pronto .
Repeat after me : unions do not cause lower productivity .
The latest conservative to lie about this is Soren Dayton ( who , last I heard , was " suspended " from the McCain campaign for peddling a sleazy , racially charged anti-Obama video ) .
In a recent post about " card check , " aka the Employee Free Choice Act ( a proposed law that will make it easier to organize a union -- see here for more ) , Dayton wrote :
The unions and their lackeys in the Democratic party are intent on a path that will destroy our productivity for a significant period of time .
Um , not hardly .
Even if you did n't know what the economic literature says about this topic , if you stop to consider that the postwar era saw the record high union density in this country as well as unprecedented economic growth and productivity gains , it might give you pause .
Indeed , Ezra made just this argument recently .
I want an overhaul in the auto industry for sure , but this country is spending millions of dollars a day to pay for two wars while our country is going bankrupt .
This is criminal and I think we have to remember that these are incredibly difficult times .
Historic times and Obama is facing challenges like almost no other president has had to face as he gets ready to take office .
Thursday , 25 Dec , 2008 Science
Scientists Say it 's Okay For Two First Cousins to Get Married
Babies born as a result of marriage between first cousins have the same risk of having genetic defects as babies born from women over 40 years old .
Two scientists , who call for the lifting of the taboo on first - cousin families , say that cousins who want to get married should not feel ashamed about it .
Women in their forties , who decide to get pregnant , are not made to feel guilty about their decision and the same should be applied to first - cousin families , consider Professor Diane Paul of the University of Massachusetts in Boston and Professor Hamish Spencer of the University of Otago in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Despite the fact that marriage between cousins is legal in Britain , some people disagree with the practice , calling for its ban due to the fact that babies born from such families have higher - than - average risk of genetic defects .
But according to the two professors , the risk of developing congenital defects in babies born as a result of marriage between cousins is just two percent over the average .
The risk of mortality among such babies is 4.4 percent higher than average , which is the same in babies born from women in their forties .
" Women over the age of 40 have a similar risk of having children with birth defects and no one is suggesting they should be prevented from reproducing , " said Professor Spencer , the co-author of the research , which is published in the online journal Public Library of Science .
It is interesting to note that there was a time when marriages between cousins were rather common in Europe .
The trend changed in the late 19th century , mainly because women became more mobile and the risk of genetic defects in babies became more evident .
Early researches in the field of human genetics supported the idea about genetic defects related to the first - cousin marriages .
The practice was prohibited by law in the majority of American states , China , Taiwan , North and South Korea , reports The Independent .
Professor Spencer considers that these laws should be annulated .
He mainly refers to the United States , where , according to the researcher , the legislation relies of over - simplified views of genetics .
" There is no scientific grounding for it , " he said .
The question was raised in the UK after MP Phil Woolas , who now holds the position of the Immigration minister , stated this year that marriages between first cousins in Asian communities in the country led to an increased number of babies born with serious health issues .
" A lot of arranged marriages are with first cousins , and that produces lots of genetic problems in terms of disability [ in children ] , " said Mr Woolas .
Short Info about Famous People Who Married their cousins :
The famous American rock 'n 'roll star , country music singer , songwriter and pianist , Jerry Lee Lewis , married his 13 - year - old first cousin once removed .
He was 10 years older than his wife .
In 1874 the famous American outlaw of the Wild West , Jesse James , married his first cousin Zerelda " Zee " Mimms .
They were married for 12 years later and his wife gave birth to two children .
The first wife of H G Wells , a famous English writer , the author of such science fiction novels as The Time Machine , The Island of Doctor Moreau , The Invisible Man and The War of the Worlds , was Isabel Mary Wells , the writer 's first cousin .
He later got divorced and married one of his students .
American poet , writer of short stories , editor and literacy critic Edgar Allan Poe clandestinely married Virginia Eliza Clemm , who was his 13 - year - old first cousin .
Johann Sebastian Bach , a famous German composer and organist in 1707 married Maria Barbara Bach , who was his second cousin .
She gave birth to 7 children .
After her death the musician married Anna Magdalena Wilcke , who gave birth to 13 children .
The famous English naturalist , Charles Darwin , married his first cousin Emma Wedgwood .
The couple had 10 children .
A soldier is badly wounded on the battlefield in Afghanistan or Iraq by a roadside explosive .
As he lies beside his vehicle , unable to reach his radio to contact his unit on his location and condition , blood from the wound seeps into his shirt .
Luckily , its fibers are coated with cylindrical , nanosize carbon molecules that contain antibodies able to detect the presence of albumin , a protein common in blood .
The shirt senses that its wearer is bleeding and sends a signal through the shirt 's carbon nanotubes ( 1,000 times more conductive than copper ) that activates an emergency radio - frequency beacon on the soldier 's belt .
This distress call is picked up by a nearby patrol that rushes to the aid of their wounded comrade .
This may be the stuff of science fiction , but ongoing development of fabrics coated with carbon nanotubes and other nanoscale substances could someday make such smart clothing a reality , says Nicholas Kotov , an engineering professor at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor .
Kotov and several colleagues have taken the first step of creating carbon nanotube–coated cotton fibers woven into a swatch of fabric a few square inches in size , they report this week in the American Chemical Society journal , Nano Letters .
View a slide show containing images of nanotube - coated threads
Earlier versions of such fabrics were made by weaving metallic strands in with the cloth .
The problem was that such duds are not only uncomfortable to wear but the metals in them corroded over time , Kotov says .
By coating cotton fibers with carbon nanotubes , which do not corrode , the researchers created highly conductive , yet relatively soft strands of yarn that will not corrode .
The process involved dipping the cotton strands first in Nafion polymer ( a chemical first discovered at DuPont in the late 1960s ) , then in a black solution containing single - walled carbon nanotubes and polystyrene sulfonate ( PSS ) ( a type of polymer sometimes that can be used as a dye improving agent for cotton ) and letting them dry .
The Nafion polymer preps the strand so that the carbon nanotubes will adhere to it , whereas the PSS solution keeps the nanotubes from clumping together , which they have a tendency to do , Kotov says .
The process , which takes only a few minutes , is repeated until the cotton strands are saturated .
" Once we saw that the strands have conductivity , we decided to incorporate some smart functionality , " Kotov says .
This involved adding antibodies to the spaces within and between the carbon nanotubes .
" When the fabric is exposed to blood , antibodies are [ released from ] the carbon nanotubes and the conductivity is greatly increased . "
Kotov acknowledges that blood is a bit of an extreme example .
He envisions carbon nanotube–infused fabric containing a variety of antibodies that would respond to different medical conditions and act as biomonitoring and telemedicine sensors .
The next step is to produce a larger patch of fabric and figure out how to integrate it with a communication device , such as a shortwave radio or cell phone .
It is too early to tell whether such smart fabrics could be thrown in the wash , would need to be sent to the dry cleaner or could be washed at all .
" I 'm not sure if the fabric would lose conductivity over time , " Kotov admits .
Perhaps the greatest challenge will be taking advantage of carbon nanotubes ' strength and conductivity when combined to make larger materials .
It is a problem that Kotov reported success with recently when he and his colleagues found a way to convey the strength of the nanomaterials to larger materials by transferring stress between nanosheets and a nanoscale polymer resembling white glue [ see Scientific American.com 's " Making Plastic as Strong as Steel " ] .
The result resembles a brick wall in which clay nanosheet " bricks " are held together by water - soluble polyvinyl alcohol " mortar " to create a sheet of plastic that , according to Kotov , is as strong as steel .
Propaganda in Action : CBC
News anchors uncritically parrot
Tory talking points on Senate appointments
Today two news anchors uncritically parroted Conservative Party talking points on Harper ’s senate appointments , gave on air rebuttals to opposition parties ’ talking points without doing the same for the Tories ’ talking points , and only gave air time to the Conservative Party spokesperson without affording the same courtesy to opposition parties .
No , it was n’t a broadcast of Mike Duffy Live where political opinions are expected and encouraged .
On the contrary , this was the putatively neutral news anchors of CBC News who are failing to uphold even the most basic rules of journalistic practice .
Moreover , factually incorrect statements — some may go so far as to call them lies ( see bolded text below ) were allowed to pass without correction or indication that they were lies .
Partial Transcript :
“ Canada has 18 new senators and a whole new partisan squabble .
The prime minister made the appointments to the upper chamber despite his own reluctance to do that … ”
This opening sentence says a lot in relatively few words .
By setting it up as a partisan squabble and then only giving the Conservative Party a chance to explain why these appointments were necessary what this really implies is that — in the absence of contravening soundbites from the opposition — the government is doing something necessary and the opposition parties are the ones engaging in ‘ partisan squabbles ’ .
“… So Margot , I guess that tells a little bit about the government ’s position .
Presumably you would expect to see the opposition saying something about this .
Have they come out yet ?
“ Well they have come out yet and they ’ve been very critical about what the government has done .
Obviously they ’re saying that the government is being hypocritical because the prime minister has always said he did n’t want to have an elected senate , that he wanted to have it appointed .
But it never happened .
He could n’t get the legislation through parliament and only two provinces agreed to actually have their senators elected , so the opposition is already saying that this is pretty hypocritical .
But we did speak to the Minister for Democratic Reform , Stephen Fletcher , a little earlier in the hour and he explained why they needed to do this .
Stephen Fletcher : “ There were so many vacancies in the senate that it was n’t able to function .
There was 18 vacancies , we had an unelected body blocking legislation from an elected body , the House of Commons , and it was n’t a sustainable situation .
The Prime Minister is committed to Senate reform , we are going to bring forward the legislation , these Senators are committed to Senate reform , they have a limit of 8 years and they have also committed to stepping down once an election is held in the province in which they represent , whichever comes first . ”
For the purposes of this story , we will ignore the fact that Stephen Fletcher is a known racist and that it boggles the mind that any reputable news agency would let an avowed racist on their airwaves who unapologetically called Japanese people “ Jap bastards ” .
[ Note : apologizing with “ I am sorry if anyone was offended ” is not an apology ] .
See also : Non-apology apology .
Turning to what Fletcher actually said : we see that no hard questions were asked of Fletcher .
Most importantly , if Stephen Harper ’s plan to not appoint any Senators was causing Parliamentary gridlock as the Conservatives were claiming ( it was n’t , but let ’s assume that it was ) then one would presumably expect a question directed to Fletcher around the lines of “ So then the Prime Minister admits that his strategy of not appointing Senators was fundamentally flawed ? ”
No such question is shown .
Fletcher also states that the Senate was not able to function due to it ’s lack of membership .
This is a blatant lie that any journalist should have picked up on .
Parliament has n’t yet sent any legislation to the Senate since the election because Parliament was prorogued by the Governor General .
The first item to be sent to the Senate was to be the economic update and that was n’t allowed to be voted on by the prime minister because he knew he would lose the vote .
Fletcher also states that these Senators would have a term limit of 8 years which is not only a lie , but it is actually unconstitutional , against constitutional convention and unenforceable to ‘ require ’ these Senators to step down after 8 years .
No document — not even a contractual document — can force a Senator to step down before his or her constitutionally - protected term is expired .
The broadcast then concludes :
Margot McDiarmid : “ Now Danielle , there is another political reality to the appointments today .
The prime minister did say shortly after he prorogued Parliament that he was actually going to make these appointments .
And the reality is that he is also concerned that if Parliament comes back at the end of January and his government loses a nonconfidence vote for its budget , the Liberals may come back in and form the government and then appoint yet more Liberals to the Senate and it will remain top - heavy for years to come .
So he needed to make these appointments now before Parliament resumes at the end of January . “
Danielle : “ Fascinating strategy , thank you very much Margot . ”
So it ’s just factually obvious that Harper needed to make these appointments now , according to the CBC hosts .
How much more propaganda will progressives take before they grow a pair and begin challenging the ridiculous Blogging Tory claim that CBC stands for “ Communist Broadcasting Corporation ” and counter with the far more tenable counter - claim that it is more aptly characterized as the “ Conservative Broadcasting Corporation ” ?
Hollie Richards , 24 , who has lived in Congresbury all her life and has two grandparents , an uncle and an aunt buried in St Andrew 's churchyard in the cemetery , said : " People should be free to put what they want around the gravestones as it is down to personal preference .
Booting Debian in 14 seconds
Posted by endecotp on Mon 10 Nov 2008 at 22:42
Many readers will have heard about Arjan van de Ven and Auke Kok 's work to boot an ASUS Eee 901 in 5 seconds .
Inspired by this work , and because I have the same laptop , I decided to try to reproduce their results .
So far I have not come very close to their 5 seconds , but I have made some significant improvements compared to the default boot time for Debian on that machine ; this article describes what I 've done .
Although some of what follows is specific to the Eee 901 , most of it is n't and could be applied to other laptops and PCs in general .
This article assumes that you 're already familiar with things like building kernels , applying patches and so on .
The target audience is the " advanced end user " , and also the Debian developers responsible for the packages concerned who I hope will be motivated to incorporate some of this work .
It 's worth noting that many of the things that are described here are already making their way into the upstream sources , so the lazy reader might decide simply to wait for all this fast - booting goodness to arrive in its own good time .
Instrumenting the boot process
Your first step should be to measure how the time is currently being spent while your machine boots .
Then optimise the slow bits , and do n't worry about the bits that are already fast .
A couple of tools are available for measuring the time taken during boot and visualising the results .
I suggest that you install these tools first and save their results somewhere safe : I have not done so , and so I can no longer show you how slowly my machine booted before I started fixing it , which is a shame
The total time was , IIRC , 33 seconds from the end of Grub to the xdm login dialog being visible ; I 've knocked 19 seconds off that .
bootchart
bootchart is available as a Debian package .
Install it and boot with " init=/ sbin/bootchartd " added to the kernel command line .
( In Grub , select the kernel using the cursor keys , press e , select the line with the kernel command line , press e , edit , press return , and then press b. )
Then run the bootchart utility which reads the log written during boot and creates an SVG graph .
You can view the resulting file using most web browsers , or you can try " see " which will probably launch inkscape .
The bootchart will show you which processes took the most time , and you can also see how much time was spent waiting for I/O and how much time was CPU - limited .
If the results do n't seem to make much sense , try running bootchart with its -n option ; this makes the results more verbose .
bootgraph
This similarly - named utility plots a graph showing how the kernel spent its time during initialisation , i.e. the blank period at the beginning of the bootchart .
The script is included in the scripts / directory of the kernel source , but I believe it is only in Linus ' tree since 2.6.28 -rc1 .
If you have an earlier kernel you can probably download the script alone ; there is one kernel patch ( to init / main . c ) but I do n't think it 's vital unless you 're also using asynchronous init calls , as described below .
To use bootgraph , boot with " initcall_debug " added to the kernel command line and then run " dmesg|perl scripts/bootgraph.pl > bootgraph.svg " .
Fix the really obvious things
Before spending time on the hard stuff , fix these easy and obvious things :
Minimise the time that Grub waits before booting its default kernel by adjusting the timeout paramter in / boot / grub / menu.lst .
I believe that the Debian default is 5 seconds .
Remove anything that takes time at boot that you 're not using .
( Personally I find it 's easier to not install such things in the first place ... )
If you 're using a cpufreq governor , make sure that boot runs at full speed .
( I load the powersave governor mainly because it makes it unlikely that the fan will ever come on - I do n't like fans .
However , when booting from cold it 's unlikely that the fan will be needed even at full speed .
So I load the cpufreq governor at S99 . )
Now on to the more complex stuff .
Building a fast - booting kernel
There are a number of things that you can do to the kernel to make it boot faster :
You can eliminate the initrd or initramfs .
These features make it possible for Debian to ship a kernel that will boot on a lot of different hardware without the bloat of building - in drivers for everyone 's root disks .
But it results in slower boot .
If you build in the essential drivers for your root filesystem an initrd is not needed .
You can build in drivers for all of your hardware , rather than having udev load modules for them afterwards .
Again this conflicts with a distribution 's desire to provide a kernel package that works with all hardware , but by avoiding all the work that udev does loading modules this can make boot faster .
There are a few patches that reduce unnecessary delays during boot , described below .
Configuring a kernel with built - in drivers
I have been thinking about how a distribution like Debian could make it easier for users to create custom kernels that build in all of the drivers needed for their hardware .
What I 've come up with is the following :
The user boots a conventional Debian all - modular kernel , checking first that they do n't have any extraneous USB devices or similar hardware attached .
The conventional udev startup will load all of the modules needed to drive their hardware .
lsmod will report which modules were loaded
By some means we map from the module names to the kernel config settings that enable them , and change them from " m " to " y " so that they will be built in .
They then build and install a kernel with this new config .
The hard bit is the third step above .
Luckily I found a script by Steven Rostedt that did almost what was needed - it did the hard part of mapping from module names to config settings - and I adapted it to buildin_used_mods.pl ( local copy ) .
Run this at the root of your kernel tree ; it will write the new .config to stdout .
This script seems to do a good job , but it 's not perfect .
The particular problem that I found was that although it determines the correct config setting for the IDE hardware and sets it to " y " , it does n't know that it must also set the higher - level setting CONFIG_IDE to " y " .
Furthermore , when you " make menuconfig " it will detect this inconsistency and fix it in the wrong way by changing the IDE driver back to a module .
The solution to this is to " make menuconfig " before running the script and to change CONFIG_IDE to " y " .
There may be other such problems ; is there a way to automatically resolve them correctly ?
A further useful but non-essential step , since it makes the kernel build more quickly , would be to disable all of those modules that are for internal hardware that we do n't have , so that we only build modular drivers for things like USB devices .
So , could we have a Debian kernel package that did all of that automagically ?
Kernel patches for faster booting
I have applied the following patches to improve boot time :
This patch , which I believe is in 2.6.28 - rc1 , eliminates some unnecessary locking in the driver - to - device matching code .
Believe it or not , without this patch the pc speaker driver will wait until the mouse has been initialised ( which may take several seconds ) in order to check whether it is actually a speaker .
Now , it still does the check but it does n't take the lock before doing so .
Of course it 's not only that particular pair of devices but rather every pair of devices on every bus ; it just happened to be that pair that wasted the most time in my bootgraph .
The Eee 901 uses PCI Express hotplug ( pciehp ) to toggle the Wifi power .
This driver had a number of 1 - second pauses which slow boot and also suspend / resume ; all of them have now been eliminated for this hardware thanks to a couple of patches , this one which has made it into Linus ' tree and I believe 2.6.28 - rc2 , and this one which has n't .
One of Arjan 's main innovations to achieve his fast boot time was to introduce more concurrency during the kernel startup : specifically , some drivers that are not on the critical path to getting the root filesystem mounted are initialised on an asynchronous thread .
In particular , USB seems to take a while to initialise , as does the Eee's ACPI battery monitor .
This work can be found in its own git tree .
I 'm not sure when we can expect to see this merged ; for example , someone will have to decide which drivers should be on the async thread and which not , and the answer might be " it depends " in a lot of cases .
Anyway , Arjan 's choices are good for the Eee 901 and I have saved a bit of time by using it .
Eliminating coldplugging
In most modern Linux systems , whether or not they have modular kernels , soon after the kernel has booted the udev daemon performs " coldplugging " .
This enumerates all of the devices present at boot time and loads kernel modules , creates / dev entries , and does anything else necessary to get the device working .
It 's called coldplugging because these are the same operations that are done for hotplugged devices , except that they 're not in response to hotplugging events .
Looking at bootcharts it 's clear that this takes quite some time .
Building all of the drivers in to the kernel , rather than having modules , makes some difference but that is not where all the time goes : even when the drivers are built in , the udev daemon will still run modprobe which wastes some time before realising that it's a no-op .
It may be possible to speed this up by making the udev system smarter in some way .
But I 've followed Arjan 's approach and used a pre-populated / dev .
For this to work , you need to be sure that :
The only action that udev would do for the devices is to create / dev entries .
Often udev would load modules , but we do n't have to worry about that as everything is built in .
In principle , udev rules can carry out arbitrary actions though this is rare .
The device major / minor numbers are n't going to change from one boot to the next .
I 'm unclear about this and would welcome advice !
For example , if the order in which disks appear is non-deterministic ( as it is with USB devices ) then this is broken .
I 've also been told that HAL relies on udev and that X version 1.5 relies on HAL ; since I use neither of these I do n't know the whole story and it may be that the touchpad is the only affected device .
Can anyone shed any light on this ?
It 's important to note that pre-populating / dev and not doing coldplugging does not mean that you have to give up hotplugging .
The approach that I describe here still starts the udev daemon to handle hotplugged devices , and also removeable devices that are attached at boot .
It is relatively simple to use a fixed / dev on a " locked down " system , but it 's more of a challenge to do it on a system like Debian which can run on different hardware .
I have therefore used the following method :
Initially the system is booted with an unmodified udev system which does conventional coldplugging to populate / dev .
Immediately that coldplugging is finished , tar is used to record the contents of / dev .
On subsequent boots , the tar file is detected and coldplugging is not done but instead the tar file is extracted to create the contents of / dev. udevd is still used to handle hotplugging and coldplugging of removeable devices .
If at any time it 's necessary to update the contents of / dev , perhaps because new hardware has been added to a desktop machine or if a new kernel has been installed , the tar file can be removed and the process is repeated .
I 've implemented this by modifying the standard Debian / etc / initd / udev script ; my modified version can be downloaded here ( local copy ) .
As you 'll see if you diff that against your regular script , my changes are quite limited in scope and more than a bit hacky .
No doubt the implementation could be improved , but first we need to decide whether this is the right strategy .
Disk read - ahead
Bootchart shows that the system spends quite a lot of its time at well below 100 % CPU utilisation , waiting for the disk .
A technique that Arjan and Auke used to alleviate this is read - ahead , i.e. to prefetch from the disk those files ( or parts of files ? ) that it 's known will be needed later in the boot .
Debian already packages another readahead program , but Arjan and Auke have invented Super ReadAhead .
I 'm not aware of how it differs and it seems to lack documentation ; however , I was able to get it to work by following the instructions posted on the download page by John Lamb .
The improvement resulting from read - ahead is worth having , but is not spectacular .
It 's a technique that 's worth applying as well as everything else described here , but by itself I think you 're unlikely to notice the improvement unless you use a stopwatch .
Setting the clock
Setting the clock , i.e. reading the hardware battery - backed clock into the kernel , seemed to be taking an inordinate amount of time .
There turned out to be about 3 factors involved in this :
Debian sets the clock twice , via the hwclock.sh and hwclockfirst.sh init scripts .
I 'm still unsure why this is ; see Debian bug 327584 .
I 've removed one of the scripts and nothing seems to have broken .
On some systems , including the Eee until a recent kernel fix , hwclock 's -- directisa option was used .
This option causes hwclock to use more CPU , so you should not enable it unless you believe that your combination of hardware and kernel needs it .
Most seriously , hwclock waits until the seconds in the hardware clock tick over ; this will take on average half a second , except that in the case where hwclock is run twice ( see above ) the second invocation will take nearer a second .
Fix this and the other problems do n't matter any more .
The underlying issue with the last point is that the hardware does n't tell us fractional seconds .
So if we want our clock to be accurate we need to wait for the hardware to tick over .
But do we actually need our clock to be that accurate ?
( And if we later run ntp , the inaccuracy will only be temporary . )
If you 're happy with your clock being wrong by up to plus or minus half a second , this patch that I knocked together adds a -- notickwait option to hwclock .
This makes hwclock almost instantaneous .
An alternative might be to run hwclock in parallel with other initialisation .
The problem with this is that it can't start until / dev/rtc has been created and it needs to be done by the time fsck runs , and this is a fairly small window .
NFS
If you do n't run NFS you can ignore this section - though you might like to double - check that you do n't have any unused NFS packages installed that are slowing down your boot .
In my case , I use NFS with autofs on my Eee to access filesystems on other local machines .
But this is something that I use only rarely , and certainly only when I 'm at home .
It turns out that there 's a significant boot delay that can be avoided unless NFS was in use when the machine was last shut down .
The process to look out for is sm-notify , and it took up a big chunk of my bootchart with a very large associated peak in disk activity .
It seems that the purpose of sm-notify is to send a message to those NFS servers that the machine was using before shutdown to tell them that it is now back up .
But before starting to send these messages , it does something which has the side - effect of invoking sync ( ) and causing all pending writes to be flushed out to disk .
That takes ages .
This is especially wasteful in the case where you did n't use NFS at all during the last session , so there are no servers to notify .
For me this is the common case .
So I have written this patch against nfs - utils version 1.13 which detects the case when there are no servers to communicate with and terminates early , before the sync ( ) .
This patch has now been applied upstream and is included in nfs - utils 1.14 - however , there is a some doubt about whether it is really safe in all cases .
You might want to review this thread to see if this has been resolved .
Starting X sooner
X takes a long time to start .
At some point there should be a significant improvement to this when " kernel modesetting " is introduced - perhaps in 2.6.29 .
If you 're keen you could try to use this now - you 'll need kernel patches and a new X server - but I 'm going to wait .
Some of the X startup time can be hidden by running it in parallel with other activity .
At present , Debian starts xdm as the very last thing ( at S99 ) .
gdm starts earlier at S30 , but that 's still quite late in the boot process .
I now start X at S04 .
Quite how early you 're prepared to start it depends on what other services X depends on .
In particular , does X need that the network is up ?
In some cases it makes sense to wait ; an example would be when home directories are on NFS .
However even in that case it would still be possible to start xdm and let the user type their username and password ; if necessary it could wait for the network at that point .
On a laptop , however , it 's very unlikely that X ( or anything much ) will depend on the network being up .
Perhaps something in the X packages could automatically detect or ask the user about these dependencies and start X at the earliest safe opportunity .
Note that if you start X early you may not want to shut it down late .
Typically , startup and shutdown scripts are symetrical but you might want to make an exception in this case .
The example that was pointed out to me was taking away networked filesystems before the programs that are using them have terminated .
I 've left xdm at K99 .
Starting networking later
As noted above , on a laptop in particular it 's unlikely that very much depends on networking being up during boot .
And startng networking can be slow , especially if DHCP is involved .
So I postpone starting the network until late in the boot where it will run in parallel with X starting up .
There are a couple of subtleties :
The driver for the Eee 901's wifi is an out - of - tree module that can't be built in to the kernel .
Network devices are a case where udevd does do more than just load modules and create / dev nodes .
I have therefore adopted the following scheme :
During initial coldplugging I skip network devices .
When I 'm using the pre-populated / dev I skip them anyway because I only coldplug USB devices , but when I 'm not using the pre-populated / dev for some reason I still skip network devices .
I have to match the wifi device by its PCI id since at that point the kernel has n't recognised that it is a network device .
This is in my modified udev script linked above
I have a coldplug_networking script that runs at S09 , i.e. after xdm .
This coldplugs the wifi device and the other network devices
Conclusions and future work
Using the methods described above , the boot time for my Eee 901 from the end of Grub to the xdm login dialog being visible has been reduced from about 33 seconds to about 14 seconds .
Here are the bootgraph and bootchart for the system as it is now .
Perhaps also of interest to Eee 901 users is my kernel config ( local copies ) .
The " sore thumb " that still stands out in those 14 seconds is the startup time for X . ( However , it does n't stand out in the bootchart as that stops when the rc scripts have finished , which is several seconds before the login dialog appears . )
But there is hope there , and I 'm happy to wait for a few months and see how the kernel modesetting stuff pans out .
In addition to those 14 seconds , there 's also the time taken by the BIOS before Grub runs ; that seems to vary a bit , maybe 4 seconds when rebooting up to 10 seconds when powering on .
It would be great to reduce that ; maybe Intel are secretly working on this , or if not perhaps we could use Coreboot ( AKA LinuxBIOS ) .
I note that CoreBoot has recently announced support for some of the chips in the '901 .
This is n't something I 'm planning to work on myself , but if someone would like to post a recipe for how to put CoreBoot on an Eee without bricking it , I 'd love to see it !
I hope that this article inspires some other users to see what can be done on their own machines .
Also , I hope that the Debian developers responsible for some of the affected packages can think about what they can do .
So , over to you ...
That ’s like the devil calling you a sinner .
From FOX News Sunday , 9/14/08 :
WALLACE : What does McCain do that goes a step too far ?
ROVE : McCain has gone , in some of his ads , similarly gone one step too far in sort of attributing to Obama things that are , you know , beyond the 100 % truth test .
( Update : I 've been inundated with emails and links , far more than I can handle !
The list of blogs you see here is incomplete ; the full list totaled well over a thousand . )
Call for submissions and designs
[ Update : Call for submissions now closed .
Thanks to all artists for their excellent designs . ]
Are you good at creating graphics ?
Want to participate ?
This is an open call to all designers and artists who would like to create buttons , banners or other graphics and widgets for people to announce Victory in Iraq Day on their blogs and Web sites .
I 'm no graphic designer myself , so I 'll post outstanding submissions here for everyone to download .
Words , terms and phrases you may want to incorporate into your design include :
Victory in Iraq Day
November 22 , 2008
Victory in Iraq
VI Day
... and anything else you think might be appropriate !
I 'd like to see banners that say simply " Victory in Iraq , " and others that include the date ; and other smaller graphics that could fit on a blog sidebar .
Send all submissions to :
VIDay@zombietime.com
To download any of the graphics below , simply right - click ( Windows ) or control - click ( Mac ) on the images of your choice and choose " Save image as " or " Download this picture . "
Just received this new banner from designer Bryan Taylor :
Start downloading !
I think this one will be quite popular .
Here are two smaller versions , if your blog has a narrower column :
And for anyone who wants to emphasize the role of not just the U.S but the entire coalition in Iraq , contributor " uptight " has created this version of the banner with British and Australian flags as well :
Here 's an excellent submission from Paul Szoldra of Paul Stanley Media :
Bloggers are encouraged to use it !
Our next submission comes from " Serr8d " :
Here 's a VI Day button for use in blog sidebars -- in a variety of styles and sizes -- from Patrick at Dog Opus :
And here is a beautiful atmospheric image from Gathering of Eagles : NY :
Remember -- all these designs are free for anyone to use .
Below you will find " Victory in Iraq Day " banners in various sizes for use on your blog , if you would like :
Why November 22 ?
Several people have written in to ask what is significant about November 22 ; why was it chosen as the date for VI Day ?
The answer is :
There 's nothing militarily significant about this day .
There are no major events related to the Iraq War that happened on November 22 .
It 's just a convenient day , chosen essentially at random .
Some date must be chosen , and this is just as good as any other , since there is no actual distinct date of surrender or of the war 's self - evident cessation .
Others have written in to ask :
Wo n't VI Day conflict with the anniversary of the assassination of President Kennedy , which happened on November 22 , 1963 ?
Well , I suppose it might , to those who mark that anniversary .
But Victory in Iraq
Day is not intended to be an annual holiday , celebrated on November 22 forevermore into the future ; it 's a one - time only event , a declaration right now that the war is over right now .
Not every end - of - a - war day becomes a national holiday .
In fact , only November 11 , Armistice Day for WWI , is still remembered as a national holiday ( now called Veterans ' Day ) .
Does anyone in America still throw a party on May 7 or 8 , the days on which the Nazis surrendered , known as VE Day ?
Not that I now of .
And the day on which WWII finally , totally came to an end was August 15 , VJ Day , on which Japan surrendered .
Yet there is no national holiday on August 15 .
And I 'd wager that 95 % of Americans could n't even tell you why August 15 was historically significant .
Considering all this , that even the victory in WWII did not become an annual holiday , it 's almost certain that VI Day will not become an annual holiday either -- and thus will not conflict with any annual services marking Kennedy 's assassination .
VI Day is a one - time only celebration .
Even so , there 's nothing about the nature of VI Day that is disrespectful to Kennedy 's memory .
Ponder these words taken from Kennedy 's inaugural address , and think of them in reference to the Iraq War , and I think you 'll agree that Kennedy would approve of the concept behind VI Day :
Let the word go forth from this time and place , to friend and foe alike , that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans -- born in this century , tempered by war , disciplined by a hard and bitter peace , proud of our ancient heritage -- and unwilling to witness or permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this nation has always been committed , and to which we are committed today at home and around the world .
Let every nation know , whether it wishes us well or ill , that we shall pay any price , bear any burden , meet any hardship , support any friend , oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty .
The nay - sayers , the doubters and the mockers
Not everybody agrees with the idea of Victory in Iraq Day .
The most common arguments against it ( and my responses ) are :
- What if the violence flares up again next year or in the future ?
We 'll look foolish .
A : If violence flares up in the future , that will be part of a new conflict , a different war .
I 'm not pretending to be able to predict the future ; all I know is that the war we had been fighting is over .
I sincerely hope that Iraq has peace for years to come ; but yes , there could be fighting in the future , though it will not inherently be the continuation of this war .
On occasion throughout history , in fact , after wars end , new subsequent wars spring up in their wake .
The Vietnam War , for example , started in 1946 in the turmoil after WWII , and continued under various names until 1975 .
Yet do we consider the Vietnam War part of WWII , just because it was partially caused by it and immediately followed it ?
No.
Similarly , the Russian Civil War grew out of WWI , yet they too are considered separate wars .
So if , in the future , some new conflict arises , we wo n't need to feel " foolish " for having declared victory in this war ; it just means that a new war has broken out .
Iran and Iraq have had terrible relations dating back to 1979 , often erupting into skirmishes or full - scale war ; and if Iran ( or its proxies ) tries to invade Iraq again in 2010 or 2013 , that will be a new war ; not this war .
And if homegrown Ba'athists or jihadists spend years plotting a coup and then try to ignite a new civil war in 2011 or beyond -- once again , that will be a separate conflict .
Not this war .
- The Iraq War was astronomically expensive .
How can you call that a victory ?
A : Just because a war was expensive does n't mean it is therefore a defeat .
Wars can be expensive and successful .
In fact , most of the time a country must devote a majority or even all of its resources to win a war ; I can't think of a cheap war that was brought to a successful conclusion .
In comparison to previous wars , as a percentage of GNP , the Iraq War was actually not particularly expensive , nor burdensome on the home front .
From 2003 to 2008 , did we have to grow " victory gardens " ?
Did we have to scrounge old tools to give to government scrap metal drives ?
Did we have a military draft ?
Were there shortages ?
No , no , no , and no .
Yet in previous wars , we did endure all those things .
Dollar - wise the Iraq
War seemed expensive on paper , but American society continued to hum along , which can not be said of most previous wars .
- Some of the original justifications given for the invasion six years ago were bogus .
A : This issue has been argued over and debated for six solid years , and nothing I say in one short paragraph is going to convince anyone one way or the other at this point .
Saddam Hussein egregiously violated U.N. Resolutions and other doctrines set in place during the Clinton administration ; The U.S. Congress authorized the invasion .
Period .
Like it or not , agree with the reasons or not , the war happened , whether or not Democrats in Congress later had buyers ' remorse .
For the purposes of this page , it does n't matter how the war started ; what matters is how it ended .
-
You 're just reveling in the blood - soaked horror of war .
War is always bad .
There can never be victory in death .
A : This is the boilerplate anti-imperialist / anti-American / Marxist narrative , and , frankly , barely even merits rebuttal .
The people who say this are only saying it to weaken the United States ' resolve .
When other countries or insurgent groups fight to promote a left - wing ideology , war is suddenly perfectly OK with them .
War is only " morally wrong " when it is conducted by the United States or other capitalist Western nations .
In response , I give this famous quote from George Orwell : " Pacifism is objectively pro-fascist .
This is elementary common sense .
If you hamper the war effort of one side , you automatically help out that of the other . "
The most common way for blogs to express disapproval of , doubt over , or disinterest in VI Day is to simply not mention it .
Which is perfectly fine .
But a few sites have linked to this page , only for the purpose of criticizing it , or mocking it .
Which is also perfectly fine .
To be even - handed , here is a list of the sites that want us to not mark VI DAY ; judge for yourself if you agree with their rationales :
Instaputz
( Standard left - wing anti-war spin . )
Argghhh !!! / The Armorer
( A well - reasoned counter - argument . )
Freethought Forum
( The original posting is neutral about VI Day , but most of the commenters do n't like the idea . )
Stageleft : Life On The Left Side
( Aggressive left - wing mockery of the laughable notion that we did anything other than lose catastrophically . )
Recent photos from Iraq
The following photographs were all taken within the last few weeks in Iraq , and give a flavor of what life there is now like for many of our troops , and for Iraqis .
Feel free to repost any of these pictures on your own blog .
And here are a few well - done political cartoons :
Best of the VI Day blog posts
This section features quotes from some of the most outstanding VI Day posts on other blogs .
Dog Opus Blog :
You may have noticed over the last half year or so that our largely ghoulish media 's mind - numbing obsession with lurid reportage from Iraq has ground to a jarring halt .
Seriously , it 's conspicuous by its absence .
Well , the reason , of course , is because we 've won .
Despite considerable efforts of cynicism , spite , and sometimes downright hatred from parties at home and abroad , our outstanding troops have resoundingly defeated the barbaric child - killing jihadi menace , and have secured an entire nation .
They 've performed magnificently , with consummate professionalism and honor .
This is what American troops have always done .
To the disgraceful few who rooted against them , this is a painful fact , but to me , it 's yet another opportunity to feel pride and to show appreciation for the people I look up to as heroes .
This warrants , at the very least , a day of recognition , do n't you think ?
Blackfive : I have been an advocate of a victory parade or some other acknowledgment of the victory we have won in Iraq .
First because everyone who served there deserves it and second because the incoming President tried his damndest to lose the war and should not be allowed near a celebration .
sisu :
An inspired idea to lift our hearts and reaffirm our conviction that the national " narrative " being promulgated these many years by our betters on the left side of the aisle inside the Beltway and their fellow travelers in the Fourth Estate is a tangled web of lies and half truths , the product of a relentless campaign " to tarnish the Republican brand . "
Get that jackboot off your neck , fellow bloggers , and celebrate the truth that will make us free !
Because No One Asked :
Have you noticed that we 're hearing less news from Iraq ?
Fewer alarmist articles ?
Can you guess why ?
We won .
The Surfing Conservative :
The mainstream media has been silent .
Ditto for the Democrats on Capitol Hill ... and the incoming presidential administration .
However , the facts on the ground do not lie , the United States has prevailed in the Iraq War .
The " war " is over .
Consolidation of that victory on the political and security front is all that remains for the United States and its Iraqi allies .
All measures of success clearly point to the fact that the United States has achieved the political and military objectives that it has sought to do .
Having followed the Iraq
War from a personal and professional standpoint since its inception , I watched as the US military struggled through the early years in what appeared to be an unexpected quagmire , facing insurgencies from both Sunni and Shia guerrillas and their international terrorist allies .
But the changes that began two years ago have turned the tables in Iraq decisively , to the point now where we can legitimately claim to have achieved " victory " in the war .
Here are some quick facts that support the claim to victory :
- Al - Qa'ida in Iraq has been defeated , only tattered remnants remain in areas of north and eastern Iraq and have little indigenous support .
- Al - Qa'ida Central has ceded the battle in Iraq and is now concentrating on Afghanistan and Pakistan
- The domestic Sunni insurgency has been largely co-opted or destroyed
- Shia firebrand cleric Muqtada al - Sadr 's army of thugs and terrorists has splintered and been largely bludgeoned into submission .
- Baghdad , which had devolved into bloody chaos during the height of the insurgency and sectarian violence , is now quiet .
- The Iraqi political paradigm has been shifted from authoritarian rue to multiparty democratic competition ; Parliament , not the battlefield , is now the primary venue for political competition between the various ethnic and sectarian blocs .
- Iraq 's economy has rebounded because its oil industry has been revitalized , due in large part to the precipitous drop in insurgent / terrorist violence .
- Order has been restored in al - Anbar province and areas in southern Iraq once ruled by Sadr 's thugs
- American casualties are at all time lows , reflecting a dramatic drop in both insurgent / terrorist violence and the effectiveness of those attacks .
Movement is now afoot in the blogosphere to declare November 22nd Victory in Iraq Day ( V - I day ) .
I had actually been thinking for some time to write an in depth column , based on what I 've read in Michael Yon 's blog as well as the wealth of information I 've seen from a variety of other sources , along the same lines .
I think it 's important for everyone who has followed the war to get the message out to the American people that we have succeeded in Iraq , despite what the mainstream media and the Democratic leaders in Washington would have you believe .
It is important not just for a sense of national pride , but also for historical accuracy to prevent the historic legacy of the Iraq War from being hijacked by revisionist historians and liberal politicians .
So , mark your calendars ... and more importantly , thank a soldier , sailor , airman , or marine for their sacrifice .
Oh No , Another Conservative Blog :
This is n't written in jest nor do I jest in posting Zombies blog .
This is a serious subject and we , as Americans have earned the right to have victory declared .
We owe it to our fighting forces to declare victory in Iraq .
They fought , bled , and died for it .
And succeeded in bringing peace to Iraq even though all the leftists in the world were prophesying defeat at every turn .
Who Is John Galt ? : Blogger Zombie has taken upon itself to do what our current President should have done .
Declare Victory .
We have enforced the UN mandate .
We have deposed , tried , and executed Saddam Hussein and brought justice to his henchman .
We ended Iraq 's chemical and biological weapons programs .
We have exposed the mass graves .
We have made it possible for a representative government to form .
We have made possible free and fair elections .
We have trained new Iraqi security forces .
We have sent untold terrorists to their virgins .
Stores are open , girls are learning , there is a future .
War 's over .
We , the supporters of liberty , won , and so did the Iraqi people .
Our troops have done the impossible .
Does that mean Iraq is a perfect example of parliamentary democracy ?
Of course not .
Name a war that we won where the immediate postwar situation was all smiles and sunshine .
Iraq has a long way to go , but it now has a fighting chance to get there .
In a sane world , President Bush would be organizing tickertape parades , days of thanksgiving , etc .
He wo n't .
Mr. Obama certainly wo n't .
We need to do it for them .
Gathering of Eagles : The Iraq War is over !
American and Allied troops have successfully overthrown a mass murdering dictator , liberated over 27 million people , and helped establish a working democracy in the heart of the middle east .
Join with us in celebrating this heroic achievement and honoring all who made it possible .
Civilian Irregular Information Defense Group : " All of this fluffy - bunny feeling is a good mosque bombing away from backsliding . "
Thus sayeth The Armorer on " the muted sense of success " he and many others have that makes them uncomfortable with declarations of Victory in Iraq .
VI Day ?
The point that I was trying to develop over there before I used up my share of John 's patience was that fear of being crucified for triumphalism and hubris should the enemy muck up one 's predictions of success causes strategic communicators to give the domestic target audience unenthusiastic , hesitant , unconvincing , caveated , asterisked , weasel - worded CYA explanations of what ( they think , but they may be wrong , do n't shoot them they 're only the messsenger ) has been accomplished in Iraq , along with timid suggestions ( just a thought , In Their Humble Opinion , YMMV ) of possible future successes which just might possibly ( Imshallah , do n't hold us to it , the enemy gets a vote ) lead to a generally positive conclusion to whatever the hell we 've been doing over there for the last 5 freaking years .
This is part of a Morale Operation conducted by what were domestic oppositional elements , but who are now 59 days away from total control of the Executive and Legislative branches of federal government , including the Department of Defense .
Those who are soon subject to being treated like Former Regime Elements see the downside career - wise of enthusiastically claiming victory in a fight the new Powers - That - Be wanted them to throw .
They did n't take a dive , and they 'll pay for that .
Reticence and humility are appropriate attitudes for losers .
America won , or at least that tiny part of it that was n't at the mall won .
And they are owed , big time .
Voluntarily muting our sense of success also mutes our visible displays of appreciation for those who bought us that success with their blood , sweat , and tears , reducing their psychic payoff and denying them and those of us who supported them and their mission a well - earned sense of pride in the accomplishment of a hard job .
What better way for a vanquished enemy to deny the victors their triumph than to have their sympathizers in the victor 's polity give the enemy such a lop - sided vote that any last gasp mass - casualty atrocity they can pull off will be allowed to negate any and all claims of progress and make any claiming success out to be liars ?
Damn shame bloggers have to take it upon themselves to declare victory , but count me in .
The Blog of Record : Yes , there is still a lot to be done in Iraq - corruption is a big problem , - but the country is now free , secure , stable , and a key U.S. ally in the Middle East .
And it is firmly on a path to becoming a democratic nation - proving wrong the Bush Administration 's detractors from the Left , whose multiculturalism somehow did n't prevent them from arguing that efforts to " export democracy " to a country full of Muslim Arabs were ridiculous .
The world is a safer place now , and it owes this safety to the bravery and sacrifices of American troops and their coalition allies .
The war is over .
Join the victory celebration !
Liberty for USA :
The battle most counted on by the terrorists was the battle of public opinion .
Our dedicated and professional armed forces won that battle as well despite a constant countering by liberal groups including the media .
Well done , and thank you to all our troops !
Serr8d 's Cutting Edge : Yes , you see , we 've won in Iraq , by all the standards that apply to winning a war .
George Bush 's hard - fought surge worked .
General Petraeus proved his strategy , and our heroes in uniform carried out their orders and lived and died for us , for the victory .
They deserve to have the honors , they deserve to know that they won .
If we leave the ' official ' declaration of victory to the Main Stream Media , if they even bother , then guess who will get the credit for the victory ?
Certainly not the ever - hated George Bush , who by rights deserves that credit .
No , the credit would go to the Messiah , who , as you recall , voted against the surge , and at every opportunity has expressed his desire to cut ' n ' run , to get out of Iraq , leaving the first and only Arab Democracy in the Middle East to flounder and fail .
The Wide Awake Cafe : The Iraq War is over and we have won .
Really .
America has won . ...
We have won the war even though there is nothing to be found about this fabulous news at MSNBC or ABC News or CBS News or CNN or even Fox News .
...
The eight years of Bush Derangement Syndrome suffered gladly in some quarters of the media and the Democrat party has caused such deterioration that they are to the point that they would rather deny victory than admit the truth that the Commander in Chief and the troops have won the war .
...
Where are the ticker - tape parades Sissy Willis asks ?
The media which is now consumed in an all out search for a grandious presidential comparison to Barack Obama ( who after all has n't accomplished anything of note as of yet except being elected president ) can't seem to take time to report this fantastic news .
Could it be that since Iraq is won and the Commander in Chief is still President Bush the media are waiting until Obama takes the oath of office in January before they declare that the war is really and truly won ?
The Foxhole :
The folks at Zombietime have proposed a VI Day ( Victory in Iraq Day ) .
It 's an excellent suggestion , especially since we won the war in Iraq awhile ago , and the MSM , par for the course , refuses to acknowlege or even give tribute to the American troops who achieved it .
I noted the victory back in August ...
...
Someone has to do it , and it may as well be patriotic bloggers and Iraq War vets like myself .
Lock and Load : OK folks , Zombietime has it right .
Now that we have we achieved victory in Iraq , it 's time to honor all the gallant military who made it possible .
These young folks are America at its best ....
Our Guys and Gals in Iraq have sacrificed and risked their lives to keep not only the Iraqis free , but by extension , all of us as well ....
To all the troops who serve , everywhere and in everyway , THANK YOU .
Hamilton , Madison , and Jay : Yes , you read that right .
The war in Iraq is over , and we bloggers have decided , with the urging of Zombie and a whole host of others listed by him , that the 22nd of November will be remembered as the day we won in the theater of Iraq over the Islamofascist hordes that were determined to destroy the way of life we know , and to drag a fledgling democracy into the pits of Hell .
We urge ALL bloggers to jump on board -- be you Left , Right , or Center -- and acknowledge this simple fact .
Our troops will remain there , albeit in a smaller number , to continue their duties providing security for the Iraqis .
No complaining now as we 've done this in the past .
We did it in Germany , in Italy , in Japan , and in South Korea .
...
One last thing , and perhaps the most important one .
PLEASE remember those that gave the ultimate sacrifice not only for our country , but for a new nation ; a free nation that finally has what was rightfully theirs .
The Iraqis lived under a brutal dictator for over twenty years .
He and his thugs are gone .
those that remain have agreed to participate in rebuilding Iraq into a new , fresh democracy in the Middle East .
Things are improving daily , and the violence from the animals is down considerably ; almost to the point of barely being footnote worthy .
Our soldiers , sailors , airmen , and Marines have done an outstanding job , and they deserve all the thanks and praise we can give them .
And for those that did give all , no words -- no deed -- can convey how much we as Americans appreciate their valor and honor .
To their families , I say we have a debt we can never repay , and we will miss you loved ones as much as you do .
The Irascible Chef : I Smell Napalm ...
And you know what that reminds me of in the morning ?
Victory !
And in the words of the famous Mark Levin , That 's right !
Victory !
We were about to be run out of Iraq by insurgents and our own Congress -- retreat - in - defeat was the bumper sticker slogan the Libs were happy to paste on their cars and what was very close to happening , but President Bush was not going to let that happen and he did n't .
The new people in charge wanted it to happen , it would have added credibility to their point , kept them in power indefinitely .
They wanted out whatever the circumstances .
Imagine : Reid said we lost , Pelosi said we lost , that Murtha said we lost and so did our new President ...
They are all wrong !
A few months later we have victory !
Army Wife : Rants from Ft. Livingroom :
This victory is further evidenced by the emails I receive from deployed friends stating " I 'm bored " .
This is so counter to the ones I would get from my soldier ( during his first and second deployment ) stating " only x number of mortars today " .
Thanks , guys .
Be proud .
Once again you showed up , kicked ass and peace erupted .
Sharp Right Turn : Just for the record ...
... this success came BEFORE Obama took office -- this needs to be on the record so that when Obama , the Democrats , and other cowardly liberals try to beat the drum that " withdrawal from Iraq came under Obama 's watch " we can be clear that it came with a victory that was clearly evident before Obama took office .
If not for President Bush and our military , the withdrawal the liberals so clearly seek would have come with defeat and surrender ... that is a fact .
Victory came ... because of the dedication , bravery , and professional fighting forces of the US Military ... and the determination and understanding of a President who understands defending Freedom and our country !
Victory came ... in spite of a Democrat party hell - bent on surrender and a liberals with no fortitude to stick with a fight for freedom and against tyranny .
Victory came ... in spite of Obama 's disparaging of our troops by accusing them foolishly of " air - raiding villages and killing civilians " ... not exactly Commander - In - Chief material .
VICTORY IN IRAQ !
Barking Moonbat Early Warning System
The media was on Bush 's case for years over his " mission accomplished " speech , even though what he said was utterly correct : that the really large scale combat operations in Iraq were over .
But because of that " blunder , " and the PMSM spending months playing up the " McCain wants to stay in Iraq for 100 years " tripe , nobody wants to mention the obvious : that the fighting in Iraq is over .
And it has been over for some time .
Sure , there might be a couple little leftover splodeydopes with nothing better to do but push their little buttons .
There might be a little action here and there for squad sized groups of soldiers .
But it 's a done deal , and it has been for several months .
So in that vein , since Kate Smith has left us long ago and there are no other large women ready to sing , ZombieTime feels it 's up to us to state the obvious .
We might as well pick a date too , and use that to remind folks what has been so obvious that you have n't heard a word about it on TV .
So let 's use November 22nd .
It 's as good a day as any .
AQ in Iraq is smashed
Just about no foreign fighters are coming in from Syria or other countries anymore
The flow of Iranian weapons and fighters has been cut off or cut down to nearly nothing
Al Sadr is pretty much a non-player these days
The Iraqis have a freely elected government that is growing into the job better every day
Most of those mileposts that the US set have been met
the Iraqi army is pretty much up to the task , everywhere
...
So it 's not early to make this call .
It was n't too early a couple of months ago , when Michael Yon first brought the subject up .
And do n't be fooled by a little bit of trouble here and there ; go read what Zombie has to say about that .
It 's over , over there .
Zion Beckons :
We can only conclude that the United States military in concert with the armed forces of Iraq may now declare victory .
Since there was never an actual declaration of war , there can be no armistice .
Since there was an essential agreement on the part of Iraq early on , there was no formal surrender .
Therefore , since no one else will step up to make the declaration ; Zion Beckons and hundreds of other bloggers have set aside [ Satur ] day , November 22 , 2008 as the official " Victory in Iraq " Day .
The sitting government of the United States will make no such claim .
The incoming new administration is highly unlikely to embrace anything which smacks of " victory . "
Obviously the press will make no assertion of success for the United States in Iraq since they have seen it as an illegitimate exercise from the onset .
Therefore , as a veteran who has the capacity to recognize victory when it is apparent ; and as a citizen of the United States , I join with those hundreds of web loggers who have followed the struggle , wept for the fallen , praised the troops , and rejoiced in the cessation of hostilities .
The claim of " victory " is predicated on several factors .
The Iraqi government has made bold strides to accept the conditions of the turnover to their military arm .
The head of their government , Saddam Hussein , has long since been captured and executed by proper Iraqi authority .
The restoration of infrastructure , commerce , public services and a normal life style has been nearly completely restored in Iraq .
Most important , the deaths of U.S. servicemen in theater have diminished to a point consistent with the normal attrition for a body of men that size .
The casualty rate ( killed ) has dropped to less than half that of Chicago , Illinois since the first of the year .
It is a proud day for the military forces , each man and woman , of the United States .
We congratulate the citizens and the government of Iraq on their new found freedom and their willingness to assume the responsibility for their own governance and security .
From My Position ...
On the Way ! : WE did it .
We , the American Service Member , the patriots who supported us , the men and women at home who sent us everything from postcards to Kevlar Blankets , who never lost faith in us or our mission , won .
November 22 is VI day -- Victory in Iraq .
We , the people , declare it as such .
We do not need an elected official to tell us we are victorious , nor do we need some booze - addled hack with a journalism degree to bleat it on the nightly news .
Broadsides : The United States has won the war in Iraq .
And since the treasonous , America - hating press wo n't say it , patriotic bloggers will .
Want to leave comments or feedback about this essay or about Victory in Iraq Day in general ?
Click here .
( Click here to return to the main zombietime page . )
UPDATED : Monday night December 15th was a big night for former security officers of the USS Enterprise D. Firstly , Michael Dorn is the latest Star Trek crossover to appear on the NBC comic - book drama Heroes where Star Trek The Next Generation ’s Worf was a surprise guest star .
And on Fox Denise Crosby ( TNG : Tasha Yar ) showed up on Prison Break .
[ images of both below + SPOILERS below ]
President Worf
Dorn appeared in the episode " Dual " that aired tonight on NBC .
This is final episode of Heroes " Volume 3 – Villains " ( aka first half of the third season ) .
In the episode Dorn shows up in the very last scene , which is actually a preview of the opening of the next volume of Heroes ( Volume 4 – ‘ Fugitives ’ ) , playing the unnamed President of the United States .
The scene was mostly out of focus or with such tight close - ups that it was only in the final moments that you could recognize the actor who was playing the president .
But any Star Trek fan would recognize that voice from the first moment he spoke .
The scene portended what could be a recurring role for the actor in the next ‘ Volume ’ of Heroes , which kicks off on February 2nd , 2009 .
The President of the United States ( Michael Dorn - L ) and Senator Nathan Petrelli ( Adrian Pasdar – R middle image ) in Heroes [ NBC ]
And it was n’t just Dorn in Monday ’s big Fall finale episode .
George Takei , Sulu from The Original Series , also appeared in " Dual , reprising his recurring role as Kaito Nakamura , father of Hiro Nakamura .
And he got to show off some of his sword skills .
George Takei in Heroes " Dual " [ NBC ]
Watch it NBC , G4TV and online
Heroes airs on NBC at 9 PM ( 8 Central ) .
If you are catching this article within an hour of posting you still have time to catch this episode at its first showing at 9PM , and Mountain Time folks have time to catch end with Dorn .
If you missed it , do n’t worry as Heroes also repeats on Tuesday ’s on G4TV .
" Dual " should soon be available for viewing at NBC.com and Hulu .
Trek and Heroes – joined at the hip
Since its first episode , Heroes has been full of Star Trek references ( both overt and subtle – see video below ) .
The show is also home to many Star Trek cast and crewmembers .
Of course almost every episode of Heroes includes Star Trek ’s new Spock , Zachary Quinto as the brain sucking Sylar , but this is the the second week in a row with a main Trek cast member guest star .
In addition to this week , George Takei also appeared last week in the episode " Our Fathers " ( watch the full episode on Hulu – in USA ) .
Other major
Trek stars to appear on Heroes include Nichelle Nichols ( TOS : Uhura ) , Dominic Keating ( ENT : Reed ) , and Malcolm McDowell ( GEN : Soren ) .
There are also numerous members of the Heroes crew who are Trek vets , most notably DS9 and VOY writer / producer Bryan Fuller , who left the Heroes at the end of Season One , but is returning for the later half of Season Three ( see EW interview with Fuller from last week on his return to Heroes ) .
Some have suggested Leonard Nimoy as a possible father to Sylar ( Quinto ) , however last week that role went to John Glover , who played Lex Luthor ’s father on Smallville , but who also had a guest spot on Star Trek Deep Space Nine .
And maybe Sylar needs a grandfather .
Zach Quinto shows some Trek - Heroes connections
UPDATE : Doctor Yar on Prison Break
In a bit of a strange coincidence , TNG ’s Denise Crosby also had guest spot on a Monday Network show .
Crosby played an unnamed ‘ Doctor ’ on the episode " Going Under . " where she performed dangerous experimental brain surgery on the show ’s hero Michael Scofield ( played by Wentworth Miller ) .
If you missed the episode , you can catch it online at FOX.com ( starting later this week ) .
Denise Crosby on Prison Break [ FOX ]
Prison Break has had its fair share of Star Trek actors , including Dominic Keating ( ENT : Reed ) and most notably John Billingsley ( ENT : Phlox ) , who had a major recurring character in the first season .
Today , Seagate announced it 's rolling out two new self - encrypted laptop drives , designed to guard against information theft .
Dell will be an initial OEM customer .
Seagate on Monday announced new full disk encryption ( FDE ) Momentus self - encrypted drives with capabilities of up to a half - terabyte , along with software from McAfee for encryption management .
Although standalone editions of the 5,400 RPM and 7,200 RPM drives are available to consumers and organizations of all sizes , Seagate is also selling the FDEs to OEMs , starting with Dell .
In the US alone , a laptop is stolen every 53 seconds , said Joni Clark , product marketing manager for Seagate 's Personal Computer Business Unit , in a briefing for BetaNews .
About 97 percent of these laptops are never recovered , Clark added , citing FBI statistics .
Advertisement
As of January of 2005 , more than 245 million records had been breached on laptops , with 50 % of these breaches occurring in Fortune 1000 corporations , 25 % in the military , 16 % in higher education , and 9 % in the medical field , according to the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse .
To protect military and other government documents , Seagate 's third - generation self - encrypted drives comply with NSA security guidelines .
The two drives have also achieved FIPS 197 algorithm certification , with FIPS 140 - 2 certification now in progress .
The drives use AES 128 - bit encryption .
But small businesses and consumers , too , are increasingly worried over data theft , said Clark .
Papagino 's Pizza , for example , will use Dell Latitude laptops containing Seagate 's self - encrypting drives .
Numbers from the Ponemon Institute show that 80 % of businesses experienced some sort of data breach in 2007 .
Accordingly , Seagate is offering two modes for the drives .
Many businesses and other organizations will use bundled McAfee software for hard disk drive detection , encryption policy management , authentication , and security auditing .
Consequently , they 'll be able to prove compliance with laws in 44 states requiring encryption of customer information , Clark maintained .
Consumers , on the other hand , will typically run the Momentus hard drives without the McAfee software , to save on performance overhead .
Once the self - encrypted hard drive is installed , the user will simply enter a BIOS password and then log on as usual .
The 320 GB versions of the Momentus encrypted hard drives are shipping already , while the 500 GB editions are slated for availability next year .
Guns N' Roses are finally releasing Chinese Democracy .
Should we care ?
Their career path of one genius album , followed by a creative nosedive , makes me think not .
But it does bring up an interesting question :
Why do so many popular musicians produce their best work as young 'uns and spend their later careers flailing aimlessly ?
This is the reverse in other areas of music .
Beethoven 's late string quartets are often judged as the most profound works of his life , and outside of Sibelius and Charles Ives , who both produced very little in the last 30 years of their lives , there are few examples of classical composers who decline in quality with maturity .
Quite right , too .
Surely a songwriter , as a composer , should be able to hone their craft with maturity ; learn and refine what they do best and use wisdom to boost their musical output into the creative stratosphere .
So why does this not happen in many modern musical cases ?
Of course pop is a young person 's game .
It 's also clear that money and success can breed complacency as well as providing a comfortable life that will not translate well into song .
But career longevity is increasing post Johnny Cash 's revival , aiding septuagenarians like Leonard Cohen and creating space for Seasick Steve .
So what 's the secret to sustaining a long career ?
Do n't overstretch your assets
Their brand of cocksure blues metal is now obsolete but , Axl Rose also desperately overstretched the talents of his musicians .
Guns N' Roses Mark 1 played awesome , low - slung , dirty blues - rock .
Put to work , however , on delicate folk ballads or state - of - the - art prog metal like Coma and they came unstuck pretty quick .
To change or not to change
So does one evolve within a particular way of writing as Nick Cave has done slowly and spectacularly , or constantly try new things ?
Both can work if done well .
I know many people who , after a youth pursuing the shock of the new through Frank Zappa or Naked City , are now beginning to " get " Bruce Springsteen .
Why are they warming to these conservative chord sequences ?
It seems Bruce sustains a career thanks to generation after generation of youngsters growing up just enough to get his romanticism of the everyday .
Whereas Joni Mitchell , Björk or , occasionally , Neil Young maintain a hardcore following while gaining and losing admirers from project to project , Bruce just accumulates through maintaining a general level of solid quality .
Assume a character
If you 've got a career in pop music then writing about your life could mean telling your listener endlessly dull tales of domestic happiness or holidays with the model missus ( or , worse , carping on about the evils of the record industry and media that sustains you ) .
To avoid this , make like Tom Waits or Randy Newman and do n't sing about yourself .
Assume a character – or like Randy , sing from the point of view of several , even the odd animated gang .
Just be careful with that ironic song sang in the first person from the perspective of a racist redneck and make sure you edit your set list in the Alabama leg of the tour .
Use that life experience
Rivalling Seasick Steve , my personal favourite over - 50s singer to have sprung from obscurity , is Johnny Dowd .
His Pictures from Life 's Other Side album is a fantastically uneasy ride incorporating moral tales of drunkenly mutilating loved ones in horrific drink - driving circumstances and bitter tales of adultery .
It may all be made - up gubbins , but I 'd take this any day over Mick Jagger telling us , " I 'm livin ' a charmed life … When I step out on the dancefloor …
I move to the left , I move to the right " .
At least make us believe you 've learned something from all you 've seen .
Have a brush with death
Taking life experience to its logical conclusion , a sighting of the imminent reaper is often enough to prompt a reassessment of what a desirable back - catalogue sounds like .
Warren Zevon 's last couple of albums are particularly affecting : " Shadows are falling and I 'm running out of breath / Keep me in your heart for a while " or " Please stay , please stay , two words I thought I 'd never learn to say " are just a couple of examples of uncomfortable goosebump moments from a dying man .
And , of course , the near - unbearable video for Johnny Cash 's reading of Hurt , in which he and June were both increasingly frail , could only leave the heartless with dry eyes .
These terminal musings bring me to my own end .
So who are the most successful musicians to have kept a genuinely creative career going through middle age ?
And what has sustained them ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Queen has delivered a ringing endorsement of Prince Charles 's ability to take on the responsibilities of the monarchy .
She was speaking at a Prince 's Trust event in London ahead of a fundraising concert to celebrate the Prince 's 60th birthday .
Seventeen Chinese prisoners who have been held for nearly seven years in Guantánamo Bay will be informed on Monday that they could spend the rest of their lives behind bars , even though they face no charges and have been told by a judge they should be freed .
No country is willing to accept them and the US justice department has now blocked moves for them to be allowed to go to the US mainland , where they had been offered a home by refugee and Christian organisations .
The men's lawyer , Sabin Willett , is flying to Guantánamo Bay this weekend to break the news to the men , who are members of the Uighur ethnic group seeking autonomy from China .
In a blunt and angry letter to justice department lawyers , Willett spelled out what he thought of the way the men had been treated .
" After years of stalling and staying and appellate gamesmanship , you pleaded no contest - they are not enemy combatants , " Willett has written .
" You have never charged them with any crime . "
Last month a federal judge ruled that the men should be freed .
" They were on freedom 's doorstep , " said Willett .
" The plane was at Gitmo .
The stateside Lutheran refugee services and the Uighur families and Tallahassee clergy were ready to receive them . "
However , the justice department appealed against the ruling and Willett claims this will put the men into a potentially endless limbo .
Yesterday Willett said his clients were " saddened " by the latest events .
The men , who are Muslims , were in Afghanistan in 2001 and were captured by Pakistani troops and handed over to the US .
So far , more than 100 countries have been asked to take them as refugees but none have agreed .
Willett blamed US authorities for incorrectly describing them as terrorists .
According to the US justice department , the men " are linked to an organisation that the state department has labelled to be a terrorist entity , and it is beside the point that the organisation is not ' a threat to us ' because the law excluding members of such groups does not require such proof . "
Willett is also angry the defence department will not agree to let him meet his clients unless they are chained to the floor .
He called for this restriction to be lifted : " Just permit these men one shred of human dignity . "
He added : " Americans are not supposed to treat enemy prisoners of war this way under the service field manuals , or the Geneva conventions - if anyone paid attention to the field manuals or the Geneva conventions anymore . "
Human rights activists and lawyers have responded to the crisis in which at least 53,000 children have fallen ill and four died by offering to help the parents .
They are considering launching legal actions against the dairies or officials who failed to disclose the problem as it emerged over the summer .
I understand that we may be dealing with legal distinctions and the names of various charges , but I really do n't see how this is anything other than rape .
DAVIE - Strapping a gun to your side and coercing a woman to perform a sex act is usually called sexual battery .
Doing it to an intoxicated woman while on duty and wearing your police uniform can lead to abuse - of - power charges and years behind bars .
The woman , who admitted to being " quite tipsy , " said Sanders told her " You do n't want to be any trouble , do you ?
I need you to do me a favor , " and then exposed himself .
The woman said she felt she would be jailed if she refused his advances .
After the encounter , Sanders gave the woman $ 5 and threatened to arrest her if she told anyone what happened , she said .
Thirty minutes later , he approached the woman again while she was walking along Southwest 39th Street and told her to meet him at the Bergeron Rodeo Arena .
She said she worried he might arrest her if she did n't show up .
At the arena , she said , he told her " I want some more " and unzipped his pants .
The woman said she felt she had no choice but to follow the officer 's orders again .
" It seemed like it was either that or go to jail , " she told detectives .
Prosecutor Michael Horowitz acknowledged the woman had committed no crime and could not legally have been arrested , despite Sanders ' threats .
He said his office agreed to the plea based on a review of all the evidence – including the fact the victim had been drinking all day and taking the drug methadone to treat an addiction .
The difficulty of proving sexual battery led to the felony plea and ensured Sanders would never again work as a police officer , he said .
she
There does n't seem to be any disagreement over the nature of what happened in this case -- in fact , the article itself says that " Police deleted the woman 's name from all records because the crime is considered rape . "
So why not call it that all the way through the article ?
But that 's nothing compared to the real outrage in the article .
Here 's the basics of the story .
For this , Sanders pled no contest in May to unlawful compensation , spent 60 days in jail on a 90 - day sentence and was not formally designated a felon .
And why ?
( Warning -- if you have n't been triggered by this story already , you may be now . )
Yep .
Blaming the victim .
Never mind that a cop -- a person who is supposed to " protect and serve " -- abused his power to an extraordinary degree .
No , what came into play was thathad been drinking all day .
No .
If anything , that makes Sanders ' actions even more heinous , because he took advantage of a person who was in even less of a position to defend herself , and he 's been aided and abetted by the Davie Police Department and the prosecutors who refused to take this case where it should have gone .
The victim is suing , and I hope she wins .
Christie Hefner Leaves Playboy
, daughter of Playboy founder , is stepping down as chairman and CEO of Playboy Enterprises Inc .
After a 20 - year run at the helm of her father 's adult entertainment company , the 54 - year - old said she plans to serve on additional corporate boards and appear more frequently as a speaker and television commentator .
Announcing her departure , Christie said , " just as this country is embracing change in the form of new leadership , I have decided that now is the time to make changes in my own life as well "
Hugh Hefner issued a statement , saying , " I asked Christie to step up as president when the company faced serious financial difficulties more than two decades ago .
She has worked tirelessly to expand the company 's franchise , and , as a result of her efforts , the company today has more consumers and fans than at any time in our history .
Of course , as her father , my first priority is Christie 's happiness .
While I will miss her leadership here , I believe that she will go on to achieve even greater personal success . "
Christie says she will stay on as CEO until January 31 , and will remain with the company until a replacement is found .
More photos below , plus video of an interview with Christie Hefner talking about Playboy 's transition in the digital age .
photos : Wenn
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Tuesday night 's broadcast .
Campbell Brown says expensive portraits for administration officials are excessive in a weak economy .
( CNN ) -- Flipping through The Washington Post this morning I came across a fascinating story about an age - old Washington tradition .
It is one that kicks into high gear toward the end of any administration : the painting of official portraits .
You might even remember when President and Mrs. Bush invited President and Sen. Clinton to the White House for the unveiling of the Clintons ' official portraits .
But what you may not know is that this little perk is n't reserved for presidents .
Cabinet secretaries get them too .
So what 's the big deal , you say ?
Well , according to The Washington Post , the costs of these portraits ranges from $ 7,500 to nearly $ 50,000 .
Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld went high end .
The Pentagon , The Post reports , is currently awaiting delivery of Rumsfeld 's portrait .
Total cost : $ 46,790 .
Watch CNN 's Campbell Brown make her case »
The Commerce Department is spending $ 35,000 on a portrait of Secretary Carlos Gutierrez ; $ 25,000 for the former NASA administrator , $ 29,500 for the outgoing head of the EPA , and the list goes on and on .
I hear what defenders of this practice say :
This is for history .
A portrait will outlast any photograph .
But come on , in this economy ?
With the financial crisis we are all facing ?
Guys -- take a picture .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .
All About George W. Bush • Donald H. Rumsfeld • Bill Clinton • Hillary Clinton
UPDATE ( Nov. 4 11:00 p.m. ) : Great news !
Proposition 48 was crushed , losing by a 3 - to - 1 vote .
In Colorado , Proposition 48 is up for vote on Tuesday .
It is a rather simple statement ; here it is in its entirety on the Colorado ballot :
Shall there be an amendment to the Colorado constitution defining the term “ person ” to include any human being from the moment of fertilization as “ person ” is used in those provisions of the Colorado constitution relating to inalienable rights , equality of justice , and due process of law ?
Basically , this amendment to the Colorado Constitution would define a person as an legal entity at the moment a human sperm fertilizes an egg .
Prop 48 is ridiculous for any number of legal reasons .
For example , if a woman who is pregnant for a day has a few drinks which cause damage to the embryo , can she be charged with reckless endangerment ?
What if she takes medicine that saves her but endangers the embryo ?
If I drive a pregnant woman around , can I use the HOV 3 lanes ?
There are other vital issues , like how granting civil rights to a collection of cells takes away many civil rights of women , and the huge increase in governmental involvement this would mean in people 's lives .
These are important to be sure , but not the point I want to make here .
Also , these are age - old arguments , and in fact I can see where intelligent people can come down on opposite sides of them .
The real point is , Prop 48 is n't about science , and it 's not even about legal issues .
It 's about religion .
This proposition is obviously based solely on religious beliefs ; there is little reason outside of that to even bring the argument up that a fertilized egg is entitled to rights as a human being .
It is only the belief that the human soul enters the cell at that moment that this is an issue at all .
Proposition 48 is religion trying to create legislation , pure and simple .
And it 's based on flawed reasoning .
Try this thought experiment : you 're walking down the street , and you see a building on fire .
You enter it to help anyone out , and see it 's a lab .
On one side is a five - year - old boy , and the other is a petri dish clearly labeled as having a dozen fertilized eggs in it .
You only have time to rescue the boy or the eggs .
What do you do ?
I would argue that it would be , ironically , an inhuman act to rescue the dish .
Yet , according to the law if Prop 48 passes , you would have just chosen to let 12 human beings die to save one .
To me , those cells are just that : cells .
There is nothing there that makes them human other than their DNA and their potential to grow .
So this leaves the actual question : what makes us human ?
We do n't even have a definition of what life is -- I can argue rather convincingly that fire is alive -- let alone what it is to be human .
And since we are talking legal issues here , you cannot state that it has to do with when a soul enters a body .
I want to be perfectly clear about that , since that is an outright and clear violation of the First Amendment .
The government cannot legislate religious beliefs .
I have smart readers .
Can anyone here give me a reason , besides a religious one , that a fertilized egg is a human being ?
I 'm willing to listen .
But let me help you here .
It wo n't fly to say that it has the coding ( DNA ) to become a human .
Any cell in the body has that .
I would n't even accept that it has potential to be human , because the egg and sperm individually have potential to become human , if only they meet .
You might counter and say that an egg already has that step done , but there are still many more on the way to being human .
An egg ca n't become a human without a lot of outside help ( from the mother 's body ) , so the fertilization , while critical , is just one more step in the process .
If any number of those steps fail , you do n't get a human out of it .
And if you wonder where I think the humanity begins in all this , I 'll say I do n't know .
I do n't think it 's necessarily definable .
I might -- might -- be talked into saying a fetus becomes human once brain activity starts .
Many definitions of death are when brain activity stops , so that at least is reciprocal .
But even then it 's difficult .
What brain activity ?
Thought ?
Conscious thought ?
Does that make an adult gorilla more human than a five - day - old embryo ?
And this , this , finally brings me to the ultimate point here : we are trying to define something here that is fundamentally undefinable .
Being human is not a line in the sand where you can say , this is human and this is n't .
I can tell when something is well over the line , like a cat , or a rock , or Rory Calhoun , but something closer to the line is very hard to delineate .
Biologists still argue over whether viruses are alive .
Proposition 48 is bad science , bad religion , and bad law .
Even if you are religious , and you believe God breathes a soul into a fertilized egg , it 's still a bad idea .
Your religion may have a majority in Colorado right now , but it may not always .
Separation of Church and State is a fragile thing , a wall made of nothing but ideas .
And as we have seen , over and over again , ideas can be stomped flat by ideologues .
Your ideas may be next .
Subscribe to Will & Testament
You can stay up to date with Will & Testament via these feeds .
Will & Testament Feed( RSS )
Will & Testament Feed( ATOM )
If you are n't sure what RSS is you 'll find our beginner 's guide to RSS useful .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google Inc Chief Executive Eric Schmidt said Friday he would not serve as technology czar in Barack Obama ’s administration if he was asked .
Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) ( L ) speaks with Google Chairman and CEO Eric Schmidt after an economic summit at the Palm Beach Community College in Lake Worth , Florida October 21 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
“ I love working at Google and I ’m very happy to stay at Google , so the answer is no , ” Schmidt said in response to a question from CNBC host Jim Cramer in an appearance on his television show .
Schmidt , who was one of the president - elect ’s most high - profile supporters , was in Chicago Friday as part of Obama ’s 17 - person economic transition economic advisory board .
The group met to discuss how to deal with the ongoing financial crisis .
Schmidt said he detected a sense of urgency in Obama , who he expects to “ listen carefully ” and act .
The meeting was one of “ great seriousness , ” he said .
Schmidt favors a new stimulus package that is more carefully focused than the previous effort .
He said the first stimulus plan was “ a bad decision on their part .
A much better decision is to give out money that solves some other problem , like infrastructure . ”
He also said Obama shares his belief that green technology can help to revitalize the economy .
Laid - off autoworkers in Michigan could be put back to work building batteries for use in hybrid vehicles , Schmidt offered .
Google has been active in investing in green technology companies , and Schmidt has expressed a deep personal interest in the area .
When asked about the current state of advertising , Schmidt acknowledged that times were tough .
Google is the dominant player in Internet search advertising .
“ Advertising is one of the first things that get cut , and its almost always a mistake , because you advertise to get revenue . ”
However , Schmidt said he expects advertising to bounce back quickly .
Shares of Google closed the regular session down 8 cents at $ 331.14 .
German police say a bus fire that killed 20 people started when a passenger who was smoking in the bus toilet failed to extinguish his cigarette properly .
Police are investigating how the fire could have engulfed the vehicle so quickly , giving the elderly passengers only moments to escape .
In Germany 's deadliest such incident in 16 years , the coach burst into flames at around 8:40 pm ( local time ) on Tuesday on a motorway just outside the northern city of Hanover , police said .
The driver quickly pulled over , but in the panic to escape the inferno rapidly engulfing the bus only around a third of the mostly elderly passengers managed to get out in time .
Police said 12 people were injured , several of whom were being treated for serious burns in a nearby hospital .
The Bild newspaper said the death toll could well rise .
Police said that the fire was not the result of a crash with another vehicle .
When smoke began pouring out of the toilet door another passenger opened it and flames shot out , setting the entire interior of the Mercedes coach in flames in seconds .
Just how the fire managed to take hold so quickly was unclear .
The local Hannoversche Allgemeine newspaper cited some of the 150 or so rescue workers as saying the fire was the worst they had ever seen and that some of the bodies were so badly charred they could not be identified .
It also cited police as saying that only those sitting in aisle seats were able to escape and that the positions of many of the bodies indicated they were trying to get out when they were overcome by smoke .
Television channel N24 cited a witness as saying that several walking frames had been recovered from the burnt - out vehicle .
The bus , operated by a Hanover firm , was said to be returning home from a day trip to the picturesque small town of Haltern am See in the state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
" I am deeply shaken by the dreadful fate of the victims of the fire , " Transport Minister Wolfgang Tiefensee said .
" My sympathies go out to their loved ones . "
He added that there had to be a " close " examination into what caused the accident .
If initial reports were correct that only a few passengers were able to escape the bus it would have to be investigated whether safety guidelines were adhered to and whether regulations should be strengthened , he said .
- AFP
This tutorial is a bit of a special .
I ’ve heard from several people who have had difficulty with Drawing lines – Exercise 6 in tutorial # 2 .
So I am going to go through how to solve it here .
Understand the problem
To understand the problem we are trying to solve we need to draw a bit so get out your pen and paper .
If you have square ruled paper , it might make things a bit easier for you .
Draw a horizontal and a vertical line as in the picture below .
You can of course use more squares than I have , but this should be enough to demonstrate the principle .
Next , draw a line from ( 0 , - 5 ) to ( 1 , 0 ) as I have .
In each image , I have used blue to indicate the newest line .
It is not something you need to do in your drawing .
Next line goes from ( 0 , - 4 ) to ( 2 , 0 ) .
Next line : ( 0 , - 3 ) to ( 3 , 0 ) :
Then ( 0 , - 2 ) to ( 4 , 0 ) :
Draw a final line from ( 0 , - 1 ) to ( 5 , 0 ) :
Now you have the principle behind the pattern in the exercise .
To get the horizontal and vertical lines you could do ( 0 , - 6 ) to ( 0 , 0 ) and ( 0 , 0 ) to ( 6 , 0 ) .
To sum it all up :
( 0 , - 6 ) to ( 0 , 0 )
( 0 , - 5 ) to ( 1 , 0 )
( 0 , - 4 ) to ( 2 , 0 )
( 0 , - 3 ) to ( 3 , 0 )
( 0 , - 2 ) to ( 4 , 0 )
( 0 , - 1 ) to ( 5 , 0 )
( 0 , 0 ) to ( 6 , 0 )
Translating to python
We obviously have two variables here .
One is the y - coordinate of the first point in each line that varies from - 6 to 0 .
The other one is the x-coordinate of the second point in each pair that goes from 0 to 6 .
The following Python snippet can achieve what we want .
1 for x , y in zip ( range ( - 6 , 0+1 ) , range ( 0 , 6+1 ) ) :
2 print " ( 0 , %d ) to ( %d , 0 ) " % ( x , y )
3
( Note that in python , range ( a , b ) will include all numbers from a to b - 1 .
That is why I wrote 0+1 and 6+1 .
You could have written 1 and 7 respectively , but I just wanted to add clarity )
If we think about it , the two variables vary together .
So we could select one of them , say x , and express y in terms of x .
Since x goes from 0 to 6 at the same time as y goes from - 6 to 0 , we could say that for each pair of points :
y = x - 6
So we could , if we so choose , write the python code as follows instead :
1 for x in range ( 0 , 6+1 ) :
2 print " ( 0 , %d ) to ( %d , 0 ) " % ( x - 6 , x )
3
Got it so far ?
Good . 🙂
Preparing to put this on the screen
First of all , we need to make a slight modification to what we have said so far .
On the screen we need some space between each point .
So instead of the x-coordinates being 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 , we would want them to be something like 0 , 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 and 60 .
We will of course draw more lines as well .
But there is a more serious issue .
I have been using Cartesian coordinates up to now .
But screen coordinates are different .
The top left hand corner of your screen is the point ( 0,0 ) .
As you move down the screen , y increases .
So the lines we need to draw thus look as follows :
( 0 , 6 ) to ( 0 , 0 )
( 0 , 5 ) to ( 1 , 0 )
( 0 , 4 ) to ( 2 , 0 )
( 0 , 3 ) to ( 3 , 0 )
( 0 , 2 ) to ( 4 , 0 )
( 0 , 1 ) to ( 5 , 0 )
( 0 , 0 ) to ( 6 , 0 )
This means that the relationship between x and y is :
y = 6 - x
Make sure you understand this before you go on .
Take as much time as you need to ( hurry is a bad word in my vocabulary ) .
Now on to pygame
Time to use what we have just learned to put together a little program .
The following program will solve the first part of the exercise .
1 import pygame
2
3 screen = pygame.display.set_mode(( 500 , 500 ) )
4 clock = pygame.time .Clock ( )
5 running = True
6 size = 250
7 step = 10
8
9 for x in range ( 0 , size + 1 , step ) :
10 pygame.draw.line ( screen , ( 255 , 255 , 255 ) , ( 0 , 250-x ) , ( x , 0 ) )
11
12 pygame.display.flip ( )
13
14 while running :
15 for event in pygame.event.get ( ) :
16 if event . type == pygame .
QUIT :
17 running = False
18
19 clock.tick ( )
20
Drawing in all corners
The second part of the exercise was to draw this pattern in all four corners of the screen .
I suggest you go back to use the pen and paper and draw each figure so you get a good idea of how the coordinates vary in each case .
Next you need to remember to convert all the lines into screen coordinates .
You will need to remember that “ nets ” on the right side need their x-coordinates to be in relation to the right - most screen coordinate , which is the width of the screen – 1 ( if the width of the screen is 501 pixels , the coordinates go from 0 to 500 ) .
The same applies to the “ nets ” at the bottom of the screen .
The y - coordinates need to be expressed in relation to the height of the screen instead .
I am going to let you work out the math for yourself .
It is not too difficult if you take your time and solve it one step at a time .
Just follow the principle I have outlined already .
I will give you the solution in code .
If you are having difficulties , you can look at the code and “ go backwards ” to get to the math .
1 import pygame
2
3 w = h = 500
4 screen = pygame.display.set_mode(( w+1 , h+1 ) )
5 clock = pygame.time .Clock ( )
6 running = True
7 size = 250
8 step = 10
9 color = 255 , 255 , 255
10
11 for x in range ( 0 , size + 1 , step ) :
12 pygame.draw.line ( screen , color , ( 0 , size - x ) , ( x , 0 ) )
13 pygame.draw.line ( screen , color , ( w – ( size - x ) , 0 ) , ( w , x ) )
14 pygame.draw.line ( screen , color , ( w , h – ( size - x ) ) , ( w- x , h ) )
15 pygame.draw.line ( screen , color , ( 250 - x , h ) , ( 0 , h- x ) )
16
17 pygame.display.flip ( )
18
19 while running :
20 for event in pygame.event.get ( ) :
21 if event . type == pygame .
QUIT :
22 running = False
23
24 clock.tick ( )
25
Note that the screen width is actually w+1 and the height is h+1 .
This is acceptable in my code because I make the rules .
😉
On a serious note , it makes the draw_line statements a little simpler .
You can ( and should ) experiment with size , step and color .
Do n’t worry if something ends up looking differently than you expected .
If that happens , just take the time to understand why the program produces the results it does .
This can be done with pen paper and a few debug statements ( you could get the program to print out the coordinates of each line ) .
Animating it
Okay , let ’s do something that is a little more interesting .
1 #! /usr/bin/env python
2
3 import pygame
4
5 w = h = 500
6 size = 250
7 step = 10
8 lines = [ ]
9 pos = 0
10 maxlines = 40
11
12 for x in range ( 0 , size + 1 , step ) :
13 lines.append ( ( 0 , size - x , x , 0 ) )
14
15 for x in range ( 0 , size + 1 , step ) :
16 lines.append ( (w – ( size - x ) , 0 , w , x ) )
17
18 for x in range ( 0 , size + 1 , step ) :
19 lines . append ((w , h – ( size - x ) , w- x , h ) )
20
21 for x in range ( 0 , size + 1 , step ) :
22 lines .append ( ( size-x , h , 0 , h- x ) )
23
24 screen = pygame.display.set_mode (( w+1 , h+1 ) )
25 clock = pygame.time .Clock ( )
26 running = True
27
28 while running :
29 for event in pygame.event.get ( ) :
30 if event . type == pygame .
QUIT :
31 running = False
32
33 screen.fill ( (0 , 0 , 0 ) )
34 col = 0
35 cur = pos
36
37 for i in range ( maxlines ) :
38 x1 , y1 , x2 , y2 = lines [ cur ]
39 pygame.draw.line ( screen , ( col , col , col ) , ( x1 , y1 ) , ( x2 , y2 ) )
40
41 cur += 1
42 if cur >= len( lines ) : cur = 0
43 col += 240 / maxlines
44
45 pos += 1
46 if pos >= len( lines ) : pos = 0
47
48 pygame.display.flip ( )
49 clock.tick( 40 )
I am not going to explain how it works here .
Rather the following exercises are all related to this code .
Solve the exercises as a guide to help you build up an understanding of how the program works .
Remember that as a programmer , one of the skills you will need to have is the ability to read code and make sense of it .
That is the purpose of this .
Just take it all one step at a time and you will be okay ( I promise ) .
If you are not sure of what a particular line does , comment it out or modify it in some way and see how it affects the result .
That is an excellent and fun way to learn more .
Once you have been able to understand how the program works , see how you can improve upon it .
There are several things you could do .
You could look at optimizing it , making it more readable , cut out unnecessary variables , etc .
Feel free to post your code .
Exercises
1 . What date does the lines array hold ?
2 . What is the purpose of the pos variable ?
3 . What is the purpose of the maxlines variable ?
What happens when you change maxlines to 10 ?
Or to 60 ?
Try with different values for maxlines and see how it affects the program .
4 . Why is it that I use four for loops to populate the lines array ?
What would happen if you used a single for loop containing all four append s?
Is there any way you could re-write this part to use a single for loop without the lines ending up in the wrong order ?
5 . Why have I created the cur variable .
It seems to always be initialized to the value of pos .
Would it be possible to do away with cur and only use pos ?
6 . What on earth goes on in the loop that starts with for i in range ( maxlines ) ?
7 . What is it that causes the lines to “ fade ” ?
8 . Play around with the expression that changes the color value ( col += 240 / maxlines )
9 . Modify the program to draw red , green , blue or yellow lines .
Better yet , make it use any color you prefer .
Make sure that the lines still fade properly .
10 .
What is the purpose of this code ?
pos += 1 if pos >= len( lines ) : pos = 0
11 . Change the “ tick ” value .
How does it affect the speed of the animation when you increase or decrease the value ?
12 . Can you reverse the direction of the animation ?
Conclusion
Okay , that ’s it for this time .
Hope you enjoyed it .
Do n’t forget that curiosity is a good thing .
Try things out .
Modify the code .
Any time you are uncertain about what something does , play around with it .
You wo n’t damage your computer or your OS by messing around with the code .
Also , as the beginning of this tutorial was meant to show , there are times when pen and paper are a programmer ’s best friend ( sorry , Matz ) .
Most importantly , do n’t give up !
If I ’m able to work things like this out , so can you .
Um , wonder what that does to the theory that the best place to look for a job these days is in the nursing field ?
NYTimes :
While the full effects of the downturn are likely to become more evident in coming months as more people lose their jobs and their insurance coverage , some hospitals say they are already experiencing a fall - off in patient admissions .
Some patients with insurance seem to be deferring treatments like knee replacements , hernia repairs and weight - loss surgeries — the kind of procedures that are among the most lucrative to hospitals .
Just as consumers are hesitant to make any sort of big financial decision right now , some patients may feel too financially insecure to take time off work or spend what could be thousands of dollars in out - of - pocket expenses for elective treatments .
Looks like fat is going to be the new thin !
The possibility of putting off an expensive surgery or other major procedure has now become a frequent topic of conversation with patients , said Dr. Ted Epperly , a family practice doctor in Boise , Idaho , who also serves as president of the American Academy of Family Physicians .
For some patients , he said , it is a matter of choosing between such fundamental needs as food and gas and their medical care .
“ They wait , ” he said .
There are some who are n't waiting .
While the drop - off in patient admissions may still seem relatively slight , hospital executives and consultants say it is already having a profound impact on many hospitals ’ profitability .
As fewer paying customers show up , there has been a steady increase in the demand for services by patients without insurance or other financial wherewithal , many of whom show up at hospital emergency rooms — which are legally obliged to treat them .
“ It ’s disproportionately affecting the bottom line , ” Mr. Latimer said .
The government says we 've been in a recession for the past year .
Experts say it 'll be at least another year before it 's over .
And everybody says it 's the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
Nice sound bite .
What does that mean ?
Who knows ?
We can be sure that this downturn will differ totally from the Depression , and also different from the many recessions we 've suffered every decade or every other decade since the 30s .
I 'm not an economist or a historian , but it seems to me that this recession will be something unprecedented .
One reason is that that there was no Internet or mobile technology in the 1930s .
That means individual people and companies have very low cost , high efficiency alternatives for doing a wide ranging of activities .
That will accelerate the demise of those things fated to be replaced anyway .
Here are 10 things that I believe wo n't survive the recession .
1. Free Tech Support
The practice still employed by some companies of paying humans to answer phones and solve technical problems with hardware or software purchased for consumers will become a thing of the past .
PCs , laptops and hardware peripherals , as well as application software -- these categories will be purchased like airline tickets , with price becoming the sole criteria for many buyers .
In order to compete on price , companies who now offer real tech support will replace it with message boards ( users helping users ) , wikis , wizards , software - based troubleshooting tools and other unsatisfying alternatives .
2. Wi-Fi You Have to Pay For
Everyone is going to share the cost of public Wi-Fi because the penny - pinching public will gravitate to places that offer " free " Wi -Fi .
Companies that charge extra for Wi-Fi will see their iPhone , BlackBerry and netbook - toting customers -- i.e. , everybody -- taking business elsewhere .
The only place you 'll pay for Wi -Fi will be on an airplane .
3. Landline Phones
Digital phone bundles for homes ( where TV , home networking and landline phone service are offered in a total package ) will keep the landline idea alive for a while , but as millions of households drop their cable TV services and as consumers look to cut all needless costs , the trend toward dropping landline service in favor of cell phone service only will accelerate until it 's totally mainstream , and only grandma still has a landline phone .
4. Movie Rental Stores
The idea of retail stores where you drive there , pick a movie , stand in line and drive home with it will become a quaint relic of the new fin de siecle ( look it up ! ) .
The new old way to get movies will be discs by mail , and the new , new way will be downloading .
5. Web 2.0 Companies Without a Business Plan
The era when Web - based companies could emerge and grow on venture capital , collecting eyeballs and members at a rapid clip and deferring the business plan until later are dead and gone .
Yeah , I 'm talking to you , Twitter .
Sand Hill Road - style venture capital is shrinking toward nothing , and investors in general will be hard to come by .
Those few remaining investors will want to see real , solid business plans before the first dollar is wired to any startup 's bank .
6. Most Companies in Silicon Valley
Tech company failures and mergers will leave the industry with a low two - digit percentage ( maybe 25 % ) of the total number of companies now in existence .
Like the automobile industry , which had more than 200 car makers in the 1920s and emerged from the Depression with just a few , Silicon Valley is in for some serious contraction .
The difference is that the auto industry ended up with the Big Three , whereas the number of tech companies will grow dramatically again during the next boom .
# 334762 +( 11379 ) - [ X ] < UKDJ| Planet >
I swear to god
< UKDJ| Planet >
I 've just heard a duck tell a joke
< Jock > o...k
< UKDJ|Planet > there was as group of ducks on a pond near where i live
< UKDJ|Planet > one of the ducks was quacking away looking straight at a group of like 10 ducks
< UKDJ|Planet > then he stopped and all the other ducks went mental
< UKDJ|Planet > it looked just like duck stand - up comedy
Sony 's PSP is currently getting its butt handed to it by the Nintendo DS , but do n't tell that to Sega .
With its upcoming Sega Vision PMP , due out in the UK sometime in 2009 , the former hardware company - turned - sub par software maker is hoping to take on the jack - of - all - trades portable market .
The prognosis for such a device is OK , but then again how could it not be ?
After all , this is the company that brought us the 32X , Saturn , and the Dreamcast — the only direction any Sega hardware offering could go from this point forward is up .
Advertisement
As the comments about this device over at the Register suggest , this is one butt - ugly portable that probably should n't have been compared to the PSP , let alone a DS .
The " games " it plays are actually Java - based affairs , and its strengths , should they materialize in 2009 , would be as a portable TV , movie player , camera , and even an eBook reader .
It 's a device you should probably watch in the dark or after a few pints , but it does in fact mark a return to the hardware business for Sega after two generations away from the game .
We 're just having trouble figuring out what the hook is .
Consumers are n't likely to be swayed by simple branding , Sega 's storied history or not .
Hi !
Just so you know , you can click on the $ up there to support XKCDB .
( This box will go away after you vote once . )
# 4244 ⇧ ( +88/-28 ) ⇩
< Eule > OMG , idea
< Eule >
Write in lemon juice
< Eule >
When the teacher holds it over a lamp or heat source to see the writing ...
< Eule > ... Sue them under the DMCA for using a circumvention device
JOHN WILLIAMS ’ SHADOW GOVERNMENT STATISTICS
SPECIAL COMMENT
September 10 , 2008
__________
ShadowStats.com
Response to BLS Article on CPI Misconceptions
The Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) published " Addressing misconceptions about the Consumer Price Index " in its August 2008 Monthly Labor Review , an article by John S. Greenlees and Robert B. McClelland that attempted to debunk " a number of longstanding myths regarding the Consumer Price Index [ CPI ] . "
Where there are many of critics of the BLS ’s CPI methodologies and reporting , the government has a natural and significant interest in protecting the credibility of its CPI series .
In fairness , much of what has become distorted in the CPI series has resulted from pressures outside of the Bureau itself , ranging from the perceived political needs of overseeing administrations , to Congress and the Federal Reserve .
For some of the issues raised in the article , I have no argument with the BLS .
For example , as to core inflation [ pages 11 and 12 ] , the concept of " core " inflation — CPI net of food and energy inflation — indeed is not used in current Social Security cost of living adjustments .
The BLS went on to explain that it " makes no claims about the predictive or analytical value of that index . "
The article , however , also addressed issues directly tied to my writing and research , and where I otherwise have added fuel to the public controversy .
Those areas are at least touched upon here , and most have been discussed previously in the SGS Primer Series on CPI , to which this text will be added as a supplement , as well as regularly in SGS newsletters .
I stand by and am extremely comfortable with my previously expressed positions and published numbers .
The following comments have been prepared quickly , in response the just - published article , of which I had no advance notice .
More detailed discussion will be covered in a later , revamped Primer Report on the CPI .
As to the SGS - Alternate Consumer Inflation series I publish ( the article ’s authors miscalculated the ten - year inflation rate ) , I shall make available to the public in the not - too - distant future the detailed series and calculations of same in collaboration with someone in academia ( a search is in progress ) , who will have the opportunity to review and replicate or to challenge the alternate CPI data I have been publishing , and who will be free to publish those findings with peer review .
As always , questions and comments are invited : johnwilliams@shadowstats.com .
The Traditional CPI Concept Has Been Politically Mauled .
At the heart of the differences over CPI reporting is the way CPI is viewed or defined .
My basic approach to looking at CPI inflation is from the standpoint of common experience and traditional expectations that the CPI measures the cost of maintaining a constant standard of living , that reflects costs out of pocket to get a products or services in hand , not some nebulous benefits estimated by the BLS of having to pay for an expensive new gasoline additive when filling a gas tank .
The reason for the preceding is that inflation measures commonly are used as an indication of how much income has to increase , in order for living standards to be maintained , or of how much return is needed on an investment in order to stay ahead of inflation .
Changing BLS methodologies have caused CPI inflation reporting to stray sharply from those needs
I contend that most people view inflation as being much higher than currently reported by the BLS , due largely to those methodological changes over the decades that have moved CPI inflation away from basic , traditional reporting .
Changes tied particularly to quality , weighting and definitional issues have moved reported inflation ever further from broad , common experience , with resulting reporting biases in the CPI that usually are to the downside .
Consumers have a pretty good sense of where basic inflation stands , and whether or not they are able to make ends meet , let alone maintain a constant standard of living .
Here are the issues raised in the BLS article that I feel need to be touched upon :
Hamburger versus Steak .
From page 5 of the article : " Some critics have incorrectly claimed , for example , that the BLS assumes that consumers are no worse off when they substitute hamburgers for steak . "
A later clarification : " To begin , it must be stated unequivocally that the BLS does not assume that consumers substitute hamburgers for steak . "
I have never claimed that the BLS " assumes that consumers are no worse off when they substitute hamburgers for steak . "
Quite to the contrary , I have always argued that those giving such a rationale as to why the CPI purportedly overstated inflation knew very well that consumers were worse off with hamburger , and that the pitchmen were looking to change the concept of the CPI so that it no longer measured the cost of maintaining a constant standard of living .
Such clearly was the case in the early - to - mid 1990s and was reflected in official arguments and press of the time .
Much of what happened here was forced upon the BLS by the political system , but such is the BLS ’s primary client .
I did not invent the example used by the early CPI detractors , who argued that the Index was overstated because it did not reflect people substituting hamburger for steak , when steak got too expensive , or their arguments that reducing a so - overstated CPI would help to cut cost of living adjustments on Social Security and relieve federal budget pressures .
I am still searching through boxes of papers to find the earliest reference to same , though I believe I first heard that pitch from then Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan .
Consider from the New York Times , " Panel Sees a Corrected Price Index as Deficit - Cutter , " September 15 , 1995 , by Robert D. Hershey , Jr. :
" Speaker Newt Gingrich , Republican of Georgia , suggested this week that fixing the [ CPI ] index , with its implications for lower spending [ Social Security , etc. ] and higher revenue [ tax bracket adjustments ] , would provide maneuvering room for budget negotiators … "
" Alan Greenspan , chairman of the Federal Reserve , is among the other Government officials who have spoken optimistically about financial benefits of a more accurate [ CPI ] index … "
" [ E ] conomists believe one of the most important [ CPI upside biases ] is when consumers shift their buying patterns in response to changing prices , substituting one product for another .
The [ CPI ] index is based on a fixed market basket of goods and services .
But for , for example , if the price on an item like steak gets too expensive , consumers may switch to hamburger . "
The Boskin Commission Report , December 4 , 1996 , actually used steak and chicken for its substitution example .
The examples being used to argue for changing the CPI clearly were tied to prices rising and resulting consumer demand shifting to a lower - quality product .
Simply put , that is a cost - of - maintaining - a- constant - standard - of - living issue and was a primary consideration of those seeking to change the CPI , although other issues would come into play .
From the San Francisco Chronicle , " Government ’s economic data misleading , he says , " May 25 , 2008 , by Sam Zuckerman :
" In the 1990s , for example , Republicans wanted to make changes in calculating inflation along the lines recommended by a special commission , including more use of quality adjustments .
By lowering the official inflation rate , such changes promised to reduce the annual cost - of - living adjustments for Social Security and other federal programs .
" [ Katherine ] Abraham , the Clinton bureau [ of Labor Statistics ] commissioner , remembers sitting in Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich ’s office :
" ’He said to me , If you could see your way clear to doing these things , we might have more money for BLS programs . ’ "
Related changes to methodologies were made beginning in the mid-1990s .
As noted in the 1999 Economic Report of the President , page 93 :
" A final reason for the slowing of reported price indexes has been methodological changes to both the CPI and the indexes used in the national income accounts … "
What happened was that geometric weighting ( replacing arithmetic weighting ) was introduced for narrow product categories in the CPI .
The categories were narrow enough to allow weight shifts between different types of steak , but the " mimicking " of the steak versus hamburger or steak versus chicken substitution was not possible based on geometric weightings , since steak , hamburger and chicken all were in different categories .
Nonetheless , if steak prices were to rise , strapped consumers indeed likely would shift to cheaper meats , and such would be reflected in the broader weighting categories .
The problem from the BLS standpoint , though , was that those weightings traditionally were recast only every ten years .
So , the broad - category reweighting process was accelerated , with a reweighting in 1998 , and , thereafter , reweightings were structured formally for every two years starting in 2002 .
This process moved the CPI closer to a fully substitution - based index .
These approaches , in conjunction with other methodological changes ranging from increased use of discount - store surveying to shifting quality and hedonic adjustments , resulted in meaningful downside adjustments to reported annual CPI inflation of roughly 300 basis points ( 3 % ) , of which 28 basis points currently is estimated by the BLS as the effect of geometric weighting .
The period involved here , from the early - 1990s to date , was dominated by efforts to address the Greenspan / Boskin contention that the CPI " overstated " inflation .
Nonetheless , the resulting , current CPI was and still is not a fully - substitution - based inflation index .
An experimental substitution - based index , the Chain Weighted CPI - U ( C - CPI - U ) , is published monthly by the BLS along with the CPI - U and CPI - W .
At present , the C - CPI - U is showing the annual inflation rate running about 80 basis points ( 0.8 % ) below the official CPI - U .
It is plotted as one of the three CPI measures in the inflation graph on the www.shadowstats.com home page .
Geometric Weighting is a Mathematical Adjustment , Not a Model of Consumer Behavior .
The BLS touts the use of geometric weighting in the narrow CPI categories as a way of measuring shifting consumer preferences based on changes in prices in related items .
The weights that shift based upon price changes ( relatively higher price changes end up with relatively lower weightings ) do so by straight mathematical adjustment that the BLS once described as " mimicking " substitution effects .
The shifts are not calculated based on any consumer surveying done , for example , as to how candy bar consumption would vary given relative price changes .
The BLS claims support for using geometric weightings in the CPI , because everyone else does it .
One also could argue that other sovereign statistical agencies , by their nature , have a tendency to want to reduce reported inflation as much as possible , as did Messrs .
Greenspan and Boskin .
On page 6 of the article , the authors argue that the shifting of weights within geometrically weighted categories does not affect a consumer ’s standard of living , since the earlier arithmetic weighting always overstated cost of living , based on common academic thinking .
" There is also no dispute among economists [ except for John Williams as at least one ] that the price index formula used in all of the basic CPIs prior to 1999 ( called the Laspeyres formula ) tends to overstate changes in the cost of living ; specifically , the change in a Laspeyres is an ‘ upper bound ’ on the change in the cost of maintaining a [ note : no " constant " ] standard of living . … "
" The Laspeyres answer is correct , however , only if the consumer is completely unconcerned with changes in price … "
I would argue , to the contrary , that it is the so - called " overstatement " in the cost of living that enables the maintenance of a constant standard of living , where the consumer does not have to be concerned with changes in price .
The BLS claims that with the geometric weighting , weighting shifts are measuring a " constant level of satisfaction , " that there is no " declining standard of living " in the numbers , because geometric weighting is not applied to broad enough categories to allow hamburger substitution for steak .
Nonetheless , the geometric weighting shifts have impact on a constant standard of living basis , as discussed above .
Further , as mentioned earlier , the increased frequency of the reweighting of the broader categories impacts the standard of living on the steak to hamburger issue .
Hedonic and Quality Adjustments .
Quality adjustments that are directly quantifiable and adjustable in terms of price impact are a necessary part of the CPI process .
For example , a package that contained 12 ounces of crackers that now has been reduced to 10 ounces needs to be adjusted proportionately in pricing , in order for period - to - period price comparisons to have proper meaning .
When the quality change is not easily quantifiable ( which usually includes hedonic adjustments ) , price adjustments for quality change are not so obvious , particularly from the standpoint of how individuals would assess them against perceived common experience , a constant standard of living and variance with official CPI reporting .
Here are two examples of somewhat varying nature .
Consider the following from the February 15 , 1995 CPI release : " A quality adjustment has been made to gasoline prices in the January CPI to account for the effects of the mandated introduction of reformulated gasoline in selected areas of the United States .
The gasoline index rose 0.4 percent in January , following seasonal adjustment .
Without the quality adjustment , it is estimated that this index would have increased 1.1 percent . "
As I recall , that additive later was found to be harmful to the environment and eventually was removed from gasoline .
Where consumers generally will look at the cost of filling a gas tank in terms of dollars laid out , irrespective of any theoretical improvement to the environment , counting the cost of the additive as a price increase , as opposed to ignoring it as a quality improvement , would seem reasonable .
Quality adjustments of the hedonic , more - theoretical kind , however , have tended to reduce reported inflation meaningfully .
In the article the BLS indicated that hedonic adjustments had increased prices in certain products .
Those " increases , " though , often were based on comparisons against prices that already had been previously adjusted and reduced based on simpler quality assessments .
Getting more into the hedonics area , I ’ll get personal .
I use two personal computer systems purchased about 10 years apart for roughly the same price in nominal terms , about $ 800 .
While the most recent computer has greater memory and is faster than my old system , both systems generally perform the same tasks for me .
Based on the BLS ’s adjustments to computer prices , in terms of quality / hedonics , my old system should have been replaceable for about $ 85.00 in current dollars , which was not doable .
I do have a nicer picture screen , with the new system , but I also unexpectedly had to buy a new printer , because the new system was not able to function with my antique work - horse printer .
The new computer also was not able to use certain key programs that had not been rewritten to the standards of the new system .
How does one compare and value such systems in the CPI ?
While some quality adjustment in the case of computers seems appropriate , I argue it has been heavily overdone from the practical standpoint of the average consumer .
SGS - Alternate Consumer Price Inflation vs. CPI - U. The BLS argued that our alternate CPI measure showed a 155 % increase in the ten - year period of April 1998 to April 2008 , and that such was much too high given average prices the BLS reported in underlying CPI categories .
I publish two estimates of alternate CPI growth , based on methodologies in place as of 1980 and as of 1990 .
The alternate estimates are based on adjusting the published CPI - U for cumulative annual differences in CPI as estimated by the BLS for the impact of its various methodological changes since the early 1980s ( or 1990s ) .
Some of the 1990s and later estimated changes have not been published by the BLS .
I do not recalculate the CPI , only adjust for the reported , aggregate biases , generally using the BLS numbers .
Since 1980 , the aggregate change in annual CPI inflation reporting due to methodological shifts has been a reduction of roughly 700 basis points ( 7 % ) .
Again this is based primarily on published BLS estimates .
The 1980 - base SGS index calculates out to a 147 % increase for the period ( the BLS had access to the SGS data ) , not 155 % , although the variance there does not affect the overstatement claim significantly .
In contrast , the official CPI - U was reported up by 32 % over the same period .
While 1980 - base SGS inflation overstates the inflation suggested by most of the proffered data , the government ’s CPI - U understates inflation in most of the same data .
For the same period , the 1990 - base SGS inflation would have been up about 77 % .
These issues will be fully explored and discussed in the upcoming academic study , including a careful analysis of inflation reflected in raw price data for various periods , versus the various CPI measures .
_______________
I ’m not feeling well today and was originally going to take the day off from posting , but then I realized it was Blog Action Day and the topic is Poverty .
Given that this is one of my pet issues , I refuse to pass this opportunity by .
I apologize that the post is going to be rehashed material from some of the courses I ’ve taught .
That said , here ’s a way to understand world poverty : 50,000 people die of poverty - related causes every day , including 34,000 children under the age of five .
Since numbers do n’t really do justice , here ’s a picture : imagine that roughly every two minutes , a school bus full of children crashes , instantly killing every one of the children on board .
Or another : roughly every second three seconds , 1 child dies from poverty - related causes .
Lastly : roughly 17 times the amount of people lost during 9/11 die every day to poverty - related causes .
Take a second to think about that .
Obviously , were this many of our citizens to die daily , we ’d see it as a huge problem .
But the fact that we do n’t know the people who are dying does n’t change the fact that they are .
And we ca n’t claim ignorance like the generations that preceded us – we know this is happening every day , yet we are n’t doing anything about it .
There has to be our reason for our inaction – and , in fact , there are four of them that com up rather often .
Thomas Pogge catalogs these reasons in the introduction to World Poverty and Human Rights .
It ’s an excellent book that moves beyond the typical , philosophical approach of showing that we have reasons to act differently towards the issue and actually gives well - reasoned and - researched suggestions for how to go about it .
Also , importantly , all royalties from the book go to Oxfam UK , so please do consider ordering it so that we all benefit from it .
I ’ll present these reasons and follow them with a short passage for why we ought to reject those reasons .
Four Easy Reasons to Ignore World Poverty
Preventing poverty deaths is counterproductive because it will lead to overpopulation and hence to more poverty deaths in the future .
Wherever poverty is alleviated and women gain better economic opportunities and control in the institutions of society , birth rates drop .
Furthermore , our ability to produce food actually increased faster than the relative increase in population .
The root problem is not lack of food or resources , it ’s the distribution of resources .
Furthermore , there ’s a callousness in this type of reasoning that few people are willing to admit .
Were it our children starving to death , we would n’t think people withholding help to them based on a supposed lack of resources would be justified in doing so .
The fact that it ’s their children has a lot to do with how quickly we are to admit this reason .
World poverty is so gigantic a problem that it simply cannot be eradicated in a few years , at least not at a cost that would be bearable for rich societies .
Pogge ’s research shows that a transfer of 1.2 percent of the aggregate annual gross national incomes would eradicate massive world poverty in the next couple of decades .
1.2 % .
Surely we can live without that penny on every dollar – and us living without it means that hundreds of millions can actually live .
World poverty cannot be eradicated by “ throwing money at the problem ”
This one is obviously true .
We have had many failed attempts at just throwing money at the problem .
The issue is that this strategy is a short - term response .
Were we to focus on the education , infrastructure , and governmental aid to the nations that have the most debilitating poverty , we could feed the children of today so that they become the learned and competent adults of tomorrow .
World poverty is disappearing anyway .
We have enacted many pledges which rarely are carried to action , but even when they do , they still underscore the problem .
With what we ’ve pledged ( but not followed through on ) , Pogge ’s research suggest that there will still be 250 - million deaths from poverty - related causes over the next 19 years .
If we back out of our pledges like we historically have , there will be many , many more hundreds of millions of deaths in that same period .
I really encourage you to ask yourself if you ’ve been using these four easy reasons as reasons to not act on the problem of global poverty .
The research and reasoning simply does not justify and support these reasons , and the millions of people dying every year provide ample justification to start doing something about it .
In the end , the 1.2 % from us stops those buses from crashing every minute of every hour of every day of every year .
But What Can I Do About World Poverty ?
In reality , the only solution to world poverty is a combination of individual and collective action .
You do n’t have the resources of a government , but you ’re individual actions influence the way your government works .
But the point is that you have to start acting before our governments will do anything .
So , here ’s what you can do :
Become educated about World Poverty
While wanting to help is admirable , it ’s critical that you become educated about the issues .
It ’ll increase your confidence that what you ’re doing helps , and it will better help you …
Persuade others to join you
An easy way to “ own ” an issue is to get T - shirts for the issue and actually wear them .
It markets the issue , but it also places you in the position to be an advocate for the issue .
Warning : this requires some courage .
Write your politicians
Draft a well - written but personal letter to your politicians letting them know that you care about the issue and that you expect them to do care and act , as well .
If you have a small coalition forming , cite that coalition so that they know they ’re not dealing with just one person but a block of voters .
Develop a small way to help with that issue that you do on a regular basis Evangelizing is great .
Donating money to organizations that champion your issue is even better .
The best thing you can donate , though , is your time and elbow grease – for that ’s what most groups do n’t get .
The point here is to start small .
Do n’t become the regional president of Amnesty International without attending a few meetings .
But attend a meeting .
Volunteer ( for one day ) to hand out fliers or mail newsletters .
Yes , I ’ve said this before .
I ’ll no doubt say it again when I get the chance .
If you really want to help but do n’t know where to start , check out my favorite non-government organization for World Poverty : The Heifer Project International .
They not only help people in ways that make sense for their culture , but they also promote the “ Pay it Forward ” ethos through their program .
Combining teaching people to fish while infusing the “ teach others ” ethos is a powerful solution that ’s both effective and ethical .
I ’ll end on this : imagine if everyone took seriously the fact that we each are responsible for ourselves , each other , and the world we hand over to the next generation .
Imagine if we saw the starving children as a personal problem that we need to do something about rather than “ an issue . ”
The problem with the world is that the bad people in the world understand how their actions effect the world and actually do something – they understand that killing thousands terrorize people into submission … that warping their minds with hate gets people to carry out collective horrors … that withholding food from people starves their kind out of existence .
What if the good people mobilized into action with the same zeal ?
Please act .
In the time it took you to read this , 118 children died from poverty - related causes , and it is within our power to stop it .
The Surface Evolver
Version 2.70
August 25 , 2013
Download Surface Evolver
The distribution packages for various systems are available from the Evolver homepage .
Each package also contains documentation and sample datafiles and scripts .
The documentation subdirectory is named doc , and contains the manual in PDF format , an HTML version of the documentation ( except for the mathematical parts ) , and a brief unix man page evolver .
1 . The HTML files are also used by the Evolver help command .
The samples are in the subdirectory fe ( which is the file extension I use for datafiles ; it stands for " facet - edge , " referring to the internal structure of surfaces in the Evolver ) .
Below are instructions for standard packages :
Microsoft Windows version
There are now two alternative ways to install Evolver :
I. Download Evolver - 2.70 - Win32.msi and run it .
Create a directory ( such as C:\evolver ) , and unzip the distribution package there .
Add your installation directory to your PATH ( Control Panel / System / Advanced System Settings / Environment Variables / System Variables / PATH / Edit ) or you can copy evolver .
exe to someplace in your PATH , such as C:\windows\system32 .
You should also create an environment variable EVOLVERPATH telling Evolver where to search for various files .
Do this by opening Control Panel / System / Advanced / Environment Variables , clicking New under System Variables , entering EVOLVERPATH for the Variable name , and c:\evolver \fe ; c: \evolver\doc for the Variable value .
You may add further paths of your own to this list if you wish .
To make Evolver start automatically when you click on a *. fe file , you can associate Evolver with the file extension . fe by opening My Computer / Tools / Folder Options / File Types / New , entering the File Extension fe , clicking OK , clicking Change , and browsing for the evolver .
exe program .
( This sequence of actions may vary on different Windows versions . )
The Windows version uses OpenGL / GLUT graphics .
OpenGL is standard in Windows , and all the necessary GLUT components are included in the executable , so you do n't have to install anything .
Unix version of the Surface Evolver
Download evolver -2.70.tar.gz ( careful ; some browsers mangle the default save name ) .
This is a compressed tar file containing source code , makefile , sample datafiles and scripts , and PDF and HTML versions of the documentation .
This will untar into a READ .
ME file and three subdirectories , src ( source files ) , fe ( datafiles and scripts ) , and doc ( manual in PDF format , man page evolver . 1 , and an HTML version ) .
To build , edit the Makefile in src to choose your appropriate system and options .
IMPORTANT NOTE :
If you have a Makefile from a previous version of Evolver , you may use it ( be careful it does n't get overwritten by the distribution 's Makefile ) , but you should add method5.o to the list of object files .
The HTML version of the documentation contains most of what is in the printed manual , except the parts with lots of mathematical formulas .
This can be browsed with any standard Web browser , starting with default .htm .
It is also used by the Evolver 's " help " command .
If you have a Makefile from a previous version of Evolver , you may use it ( be careful it does n't get overwritten by the distribution 's Makefile ) , but you should add method5.o to the list of object files .
The manual file manual270.pdf can be downloaded by itself , if you wish .
Quick start :
1. Download evolver -2.70.tar.gz .
2. Unpack the Evolver archive .
3 . In the src subdirectory , edit Makefile to uncomment the lines for your system .
4. Run " make " .
5 . Test by running " ./ evolver ../fe/cube.fe "
Detailed instructions :
See the the complete unix installation instructions .
Macintosh OSX version of the Surface Evolver
WARNING : The version posted should run on OS X version 10.4 and later .
I have had a report of funky graphics on 10.7.4 , but I have not been able to test that .
I have tested it on 10.6.8 and 10.8 without problem .
Download Evolver270-OSX.tar.gz
This should unpack to a folder named Evolver270 - OSX with contents :
A README file with installation instructions .
The executable file Evolver , which you can move to /usr / local / bin or some place else on your PATH if you wish .
This is a " fat " executable , which means it can execute on both PowerPC and Intel machines .
The manual , manual270.pdf , in Adobe PDF format .
A man page evolver .1 , which you can move to /usr / share / man / man1 if you wish .
A fe subdirectory , with sample datafiles and scripts .
A doc subdirectory , with an HTML version of the documentation .
This contains most of what is in the printed manual , except the parts with lots of mathematical formulas .
This can be browsed with any standard Web browser , starting with default .htm .
It is also used by the Evolver 's " help " command .
The unpacked folder probably wound up on the Desktop ; you may want to move it somewhere else .
I will assume you move it to / Users / yourname / Evolver .
You should create an environment variable EVOLVERPATH with paths to datafiles and the HTML documentation files by putting the following line in your .tcshrc file :
setenv EVOLVERPATH
" / Users/yourname/ Evolver/fe:/Users/yourname/Evolver/doc "
NOTE : Evolver has to be started from a terminal window , since it uses a command line interface .
If you want to compile Evolver yourself , get the unix version and uncomment the MAC OSX lines in the Makefile .
Nearly four years after beating an unarmed protester in the face with his riot baton , a Washington police officer pleaded guilty today to assault charges that could land him up to 10 years in prison .
According to prosecutors , on Inauguration Day 2005 officer Christopher Huxoll of the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department reported to the scene of an unauthorized protest march in Adams Morgan , where there had been reports of vandalism .
Believing mistakenly that one of the protesters was hurling bottles at him and other officers , Huxoll knocked the marcher to ground , then smacked him across the face with a baton , leaving him bruised and bloody with a broken nose .
In his plea , filed in D.C. Superior Court , Huxoll admitted that the victim had made no attempt to resist .
“ As the resolution of this case demonstrates , where there is sufficient evidence that excessive force was used by a law enforcement officer , this office will not hesitate to prosecute , ” said Jeffrey Taylor , U.S. Attorney for the District of the District of Columbia , in a press release .
CORRECTION ( Dec. 22 , 11:09 a.m. ) :
Due to a reporter 's error , an earlier version of this blog item incorrectly listed Nathaniel Edmunds as one of the prosecutors leading the Huxoll case .
The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney John Cummings of the District of Columbia and Trial Attorney Edward Chung of the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division .
This is one of those moments in history when it is worth pausing to reflect on the basic facts :
An American with the name Barack Hussein Obama , the son of a white woman and a black man he barely knew , raised by his grandparents far outside the stream of American power and wealth , has been elected the 44th president of the United States .
Showing extraordinary focus and quiet certainty , Mr. Obama swept away one political presumption after another to defeat first Hillary Clinton , who wanted to be president so badly that she lost her bearings , and then John McCain , who forsook his principles for a campaign built on anger and fear .
His triumph was decisive and sweeping , because he saw what is wrong with this country : the utter failure of government to protect its citizens .
He offered a government that does not try to solve every problem but will do those things beyond the power of individual citizens : to regulate the economy fairly , keep the air clean and the food safe , ensure that the sick have access to health care , and educate children to compete in a globalized world .
Mr. Obama spoke candidly of the failure of Republican economic policies that promised to lift all Americans but left so many millions far behind .
He committed himself to ending a bloody and pointless war .
He promised to restore Americans ’ civil liberties and their tattered reputation around the world .
The enterprising grandma said : “ There is always arguing over who gets it , it ’s the perfect seat .
It is straight in front of the TV and has got the coffee table at the side for you to rest your drink on and the TV remote , so everybody wants to sit there .
By Calvin Palmer
A man committed suicide by rigging up a chainsaw to sever his head because he was “ irrationally opposed ” to leaving his repossessed home , an inquest heard today .
David Phyall , 50 , tied the Black & Decker power tool to a leg of a snooker table in his living room with string , taped up the on button and plugged it into a timer , Winchester Coroner ’s Court heard .
Phyall , who had consumed a small quantity of alcohol but no drugs , then lay down under the snooker table face up and placed the chainsaw against his neck , with a piece of the tool ’s cardboard box cushioning the blade from his neck .
The timer , usually used to turn lights off and on , was set to start up the chainsaw for 15 minutes .
Once activated , it sliced three - quarters through his neck and across into his right shoulder only stopping from completely severing his head when his T - shirt was dragged into the teeth of the saw .
The alarm was raised by his parents John and Jean Phyall when they could not contact their son at his ground floor housing association flat in Bishopstoke , Hampshire , on July 5 this year .
Police broke into the flat and asked the parents to stay outside .
Sgt. Mark Carter of Hampshire police said he found Phyall in the living room with blood splattering the walls , floor and a cabinet .
“ The electric chainsaw was embedded in his neck , ” he told the hearing .
“ The blade was approximately three - quarters through his neck . ”
The block in Bodmin Road , where Phyall had his flat , was due to be demolished .
Despite efforts from the housing association , he had refused 11 offers of alternative accommodation .
Eventually , the housing association went to court to repossess the property .
At the time of his death , Phyall was only the tenant in the 1960s block .
The rest of the properties had been vacated and were boarded up .
Phyall had a history of mental illness and had tried to commit suicide once before .
Recording a verdict of suicide , Central Hampshire deputy coroner Simon Burge said that First Wessex Housing Group had done all it could but Phyall was “ irrationally opposed to moving . ”
“ In the 15 years I have been sitting as a deputy coroner , this is the most bizarre case I can recall , ” Burge said .
“ He thought through how he was going to commit suicide very carefully .
He went to a great deal of trouble .
I think he did it to draw attention to the injustice of his situation . ”
[ Based on reports by The Independent and BBC News . ]
As Texans continue to repair the damage from Hurricane Ike , Southeastern U.S. coastal residents can be thankful that the hurricane season is past its peak .
Unfortunately , given the increased hurricane activity in recent years and the combination of densely populated areas , high - valued property , and vulnerability to extreme storm activity , the likelihood of future costly seasons is a certainty .
The scenes of hurricane disasters have become too familiar for Southeastern coastal residents in recent years .
The 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons , for example , produced seven of the ten costliest insured losses ever to impact the United States ; all seven hurricanes struck the Southeastern coast .
In order to curtail such disasters , the combination of natural events and human activities that is responsible for the increasingly costly damage in coastal areas must be altered .
Although we cant force a hurricane from its path , we can modify human activities that contribute to such disasters beginning with government policy .
The federal government encourages development in hazard - prone coastal areas by lowering the risks to residents with policies such as subsidized flood insurance .
The National Flood Insurance Program ( NFIP ) charges premiums that are not sufficient to provide a catastrophe reserve for heavier loss years and thus encourages development in hazard - prone areas .
When the NFIP was began in 1968 , it was intended to guide development away from flood - prone areas , thus reducing federal disaster relief payments arising from loss of life and property .
Unfortunately , the program , which has become an ill wind that blows nobody any good ,  promotes the outcome it was meant to prevent by shifting part of the cost of building in hazard - prone areas to citizens at large .
Ordinarily , individuals respond to the rising costs associated with storm damage by moving out of harms way , if ever so reluctantly .
Governmental policy thus increases damage costs from storms by neutralizing the market incentives that encourage a retreat from the sea and discourage excessive building in high risk coastal zones .
In addition , state government policies subvert the message of insurance premiums .
Wind damage caused by hurricanes ( which is not covered by the NFIP ) has imposed heavy costs on insurance companies , thus causing insurance premiums to increase .
As coastal residents have seen their wind and hail insurance premiums soar , state governments have been pressured to intervene .
All Southeastern state governments have created state - run Windstorm Underwriters Associations , called wind pools ,  that offer coverage where private insurance is not available and generally at lower rates than provided by individual insurers .
In addition , there are other government policies , such as beach nourishment and the replacement of public infrastructure , that subsidize coastal development .
A better approach is to allow market signals such as insurance premiums to encourage property owners to undertake activities to adapt to living in a hazardous area or to avoid building in such areas altogether .
As insurance companies increase property insurance premiums in order to pay for increasing damage costs , homeowners will increasingly build more storm resistant homes and look for less risky locations .
Market forces can help lower damage costs from hurricanes , but because many do not like the solution , government is brought into play in an effort to soften the cost impact .
Calls for more government solutions  should be carefully considered , given some of the deleterious effects of policies currently in place .
When government undercuts private insurance rates , it weakens the market incentives that encourage preventive measures and sends the wrong signal to coastal residents .
Indeed , despite the increasing threat of catastrophic storms , residents often rebuild in the same place where their destroyed property had been located .
Rather than encouraging people to build in hazard - prone areas , government policy should play a secondary role in dealing with the problem , allowing the market to nudge individuals in the right direction .
The misery of those struck by hurricanes is unfortunate , but government policy should not encourage decision - making that contributes to their suffering or shifts costs to those who do not live in the path of ill winds . 
Ms Drew has been charged under laws usually used against hackers Initial jury selection has begun in the trial of a Missouri woman alleged to have used a fake MySpace profile to bully a girl who later killed herself .
Lori Drew , 49 , allegedly posed as a boy on the website to befriend Megan Meier , 13 , who hanged herself after the " boy " broke off the virtual relationship .
Ms Drew denies charges of conspiracy and accessing protected computers without authorisation .
The trial is being seen as a landmark case concerning internet law .
Megan , a neighbour of Ms Drew in St Louis and a former friend of her daughter , took her own life in October 2006 .
The jury is going to end up thinking that Lori Drew is being tried for the death of Megan Meier
Dean Steward
Defence lawyer
Are networking sites dangerous ?
It is alleged that she killed herself after receiving several cruel messages from a fictitious 16 - year - old boy named Josh Evans , including one saying the world would be better off without her .
Prosecutors say Ms Drew and several others created the boy on MySpace , the social networking website , after Megan Meier fell out with her daughter .
' Tragic death '
Ms Drew is being charged under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act - usually used against computer hackers , as prosecutors were unable to find any existing laws within the state of Missouri under which she could be tried .
MySpace users create their own profiles online Each of the four counts against Ms Drew carries a maximum five - year jail term .
She is not being charged over Megan 's death itself and District Judge George
Wu had considered excluding evidence of the suicide from the trial , to avoid prejudicing the defence case .
But he dismissed the idea after deciding jurors would almost certainly know the details already .
Ms Drew 's lawyers have expressed concern that a jury would still confuse the issues and " conclude it 's about the tragic death of a young girl " .
" The jury is going to end up thinking that Lori Drew is being tried for the death of Megan Meier , " said Dean Steward .
The trial has been acknowledged as the first time the federal statute on accessing protected computers has been used in a social networking case .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
夏時間でエネルギー消費が増えたで書いたインディアナの夏時間採用によるエネルギー増加のワーキングペーパーが出ていた：
Matthew J. Kotchen and Laura E. Grant , Does Daylight Saving Time Save Energy ?
Evidence from a Natural Experiment in Indiana ( PDF )
右上のグラフは上のペーパーからとった夏時間採用によるエネルギー増加と95%信頼区間。
理系のグラフと文系のグラフの違いはエラーバーがあるかないかだ。
Lovers of war history battle Wal - Mart 's proposed new store Andrew McLemore
Published : Saturday December 27 , 2008
Print This Email This
At the site where Gen. Robert E. Lee and Gen. Ulysses S. Grant clashed for the first time , a new battle is brewing between a corporate titan and lovers of U.S. history .
After Wal - Mart proposed a new supercenter store near the Civil War 's Wilderness Battlefield , located in Virgina 's Orange County , history lovers lashed out against the idea .
The land Wal - Mart chose for the store has no historical significance , according to a study commissioned by the company , and would not be built on the actual battlefield area .
But history buffs argue that building a Wal - Mart will cause a flurry of new construction and development that would stain the pristine landscape that has remained relatively unchanged since the infamous battle in 1864 and mar the memory of the 24,000 soldiers who died in it .
" National parks are fragile entities .
Putting development right up next to a park is a recipe for disaster , " said Jim Campi , a spokesman for the Civil War Preservation Trust .
The resistance to Wal - Mart sent a letter to the corporation signed by 253 historians asking the Arkansas - based corporation to " respect our great nation 's history and move your store farther away from this historic site and National Park . "
Opponents of the new Wal - Mart include Emmy - winning documentarian Ken Burns and Pulitzer Prize - winning authors David M. McCullough and James McPherson .
Although a spokesman for Wal - mart said the company was willing to work with those resistant to the new store , he also said the deal for its location near Wilderness Battlefied is already final .
" This is the site we 're going forward with , " said spokesman Keith Morris .
" The land is already zoned for commercial use and targeted for development by Orange County , he said .
" There is a void here in this immediate area , especially in retail growth . "
The building would cover 138,000 square feet and its grounds would occupy nearly 50 acres .
Rideau Florist Ottawa , Your local Florist in Ottawa
For fresh , high - quality flowers in Ottawa , you can count on Rideau Flower Shop Ottawa .
Our professional staff of florists in Ottawa will work with you to create beautiful , unique gifts for your special occasions .
Not only do we provide flower delivery in Ottawa , we can deliver to Ottawa areas and Alberta .
We even offer same day free flower delivery for those who order online !
Create a special memory by sending fresh flowers .
Rideau Flowers Delivery Ottawa , your local Ottawa florist , has just the right bouquet to fit every occasion and budget .
Let us help you create smiles with our unique designs of Mother 's Day flowers , birthday flowers , or anniversary flowers .
Sending flowers with Rideau Florist Ottawa , your local Ottawa florist is easy .
Simply look through the wide assortment of bouquets on our website to find the right flower arrangement for your occasion .
Consider including a box of chocolates with your flowers .
Shop with confidence using our secure site , or call our shop to speak with one of our floral designers .
When you need the freshest flowers in Ottawa or need to send a bouquet anywhere in Ottawa and area , you can rely on us .
Banking crisis hits Germany with full force
Billions for speculators
By Peter Schwarz
2 October 2008
For the past 10 years , all of the cuts made in the public services have been justified with the argument that it was necessary to balance the German federal budget by the year 2011 .
This includes the anti-social measures ( Agenda 2010 ) introduced by the previous Social Democratic Party - Green Party government .
Now , Finance Minister Peer Steinbrück ( Social Democrats -- SPD ) has made € 26.5 billion available to bail out a single German bank .
Overnight , his budget targets have been thrown overboard .
With the imminent bankruptcy of the bank Hypo Real Estate ( HRE ) , the financial crisis has hit Germany with full force .
Just last Thursday , Steinbrück told the German parliament that the banking crisis was essentially an American problem .
The German system of comprehensive banking had proved far more durable than the American model , he said .
He already knew better .
After his speech to the parliament , Steinbrück went directly to a meeting with the heads of prominent private banks and top officials of the Federal Bank and the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority to discuss the problems at HRE .
Over the weekend , one crisis meeting followed the next .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel was drawn in , and the European Central Bank , as well as the governments of Great Britain and France , were informed .
At 1:30 a.m. on Monday , just 30 minutes before the opening of the stock exchange in Tokyo , a rescue package of €35 billion was assembled to prevent the collapse of HRE .
A quarter of the rescue package has been put up by private banks , the rest by the German Treasury .
For the moment , the government is providing only a debt guarantee .
The bailout is financed by the private banks and the Federal Bank .
The Treasury must pay if and when HRE is no longer able to cover its financial liabilities and collapses despite the rescue action .
On Monday , no one was prepared to rule out this eventuality .
" I do not want to commit myself on the possibility that losses could be incurred , " Torsten Albig , the spokesman for the finance minister , told reporters .
HRE is no minor player .
It is listed on the DAX ( Germany 's major stock index ) as one of the 30 biggest companies traded on the Frankfurt stock exchange .
It is of comparable size to the US bank Lehman Brothers , which went bankrupt in the middle of September , and eight times as big as IKB Bank , which incurred losses of billions of euros in connection with the US subprime mortgage crisis .
" If we had not intervened there would have been substantial damage to enterprises and jobs at a rate which we have not experienced up to now , " argued Finance Minister Steinbrück to justify the multibillion - euro rescue package .
Unlike the hard - hit IKB , Sachsen LB and Bayern LB banks , the problems at HRE are not due to bad real estate loans .
Rather , they stem from the bank 's need to cover billions in losses by its Irish subsidiary Depfa , which it acquired just last autumn for € 5 billion .
Depfa specialized in the financing of state budgets and infrastructure projects , which are largely regarded to be free of risk because states rarely go bankrupt .
However , the bank used a financing model that was at least as risky as the speculation in the unsecured mortgage market .
It provided long - term credits which it refinanced by means of short - term loans .
As long as the money markets remained liquid and enough short - term credit was available , this business model functioned .
Following the collapse of Lehman Brothers two weeks ago , however , inter - bank credit began to dry up .
Trust between the various banks had evaporated .
The sum which Depfa could refinance declined on a daily basis , and eventually it could not make payment on more than € 10 billion , which HRE must now cover .
The crisis at HRE makes a mockery of the homilies by the finance minister and prominent bankers , according to which the German banking system is sound and the crisis under control .
While the current financial crisis has its origins in the US , it has now fully enveloped Europe .
At the same time the German government was bailing out HRE , four other major American and European banks had to be rescued from collapse :
The British government took the mortgage bank Bradford & Bingley under state control and assumed responsibility for its debts of € 63 billion ; the governments of the Benelux states propped up the finance company Fortis with € 11.2 billion ; the American banking giant Citigroup swallowed up it smaller US rival Wachovia , providing guarantees for the latter 's debts to the tune of € 29 billion ; and the governments of Belgium , France and Luxembourg made another € 6.4 billion available to prevent the collapse of the Belgian - French real estate finance firm Dexia .
The question on everybody 's lips is :
Which bank is next ?
Certainly , there are plenty of candidates -- known ones and even more unknown ones .
Until a few days ago , the problems at HRE were known only to finance specialists and insiders .
The bank 's chairman , Georg Funke , continually claimed that the bank was healthy .
Last November , he even declared that HRE had emerged from the financial crisis in a stronger position .
Many German banks have granted credits to HRE , the repayment of which now hangs in the balance .
And the full consequences of the bank 's investments in Lehman Brothers have still to emerge .
" The results of the secondary effects of the Lehman Brothers collapse have been underestimated , " was the conclusion of a banking expert cited in the Süddeutsche Zeitung .
Particularly vulnerable are BayernLB , the Landesbank Baden - Württemberg and the HSH Nordbank .
On Monday , the value of German bank shares plummeted on the Frankfurt stock exchange .
HRE 's share price was down by 75 percent at one point .
Aareal bank shares fell 40 percent , and those of Commerzbank by 25 percent .
These two banks are active in similar fields to those of HRE .
The banks are so closely interlinked that any collapse or threatened collapse could set off a chain reaction similar to that which took place in Germany in 1931 , when the bankruptcy of the Danat bank led to a run on the banks and a devastating crisis .
Billions for speculators
The German government has reacted to the financial crisis in the same way as the Bush administration .
It is handing over billions in public funds to the banks -- sums which the taxpayers will inevitably be forced to repay .
The contrast between the brutality with which spending cuts have been implemented in the sphere of health , social welfare and other public expenditures and the generosity of the government to the banks is simply staggering .
The money made available by the government to HRE is equivalent to one month 's payment of basic welfare benefits ( €350 ) for every man , woman and child in Germany .
A proposed increase in child benefits of around € 10 per month - - a source of heated discussion within the government for months -- would cost just a tenth of the sum made available to HRE .
Suddenly , adherence to a stringent budget policy , for years a sacred principle of government policy , is thrown overboard in order to protect the interests of the banks .
The question of responsibility for the gigantic losses is not even posed .
At the same time , the most basic democratic considerations are treated with undisguised contempt .
Finance Minister Steinbrück and Chancellor Merkel agreed on a surety bond of € 26 billion in a series of private meetings with the heads of the largest banks , without any consultation with the German cabinet , not to speak of the parliament ( Bundestag ) or the electorate .
The cabinet was informed only on Monday , after the rescue package had been decided , and the Bundestag factions were allowed to discuss the issue only on Tuesday .
This is justified with the argument that it is necessary to undertake regrettable actions in order to prevent something even worse , and that there is no alternative to a national bailout of the banks because otherwise the entire financial system and economy would break down .
At the same time , nobody can guarantee that the end of the crisis has been reached , and it is very likely that further billions will be required to rescue additional banks .
This attitude turns the state into the hostage of finance capital .
It amounts to an open admission that the government serves the banks rather than the people -- contrary to the official fiction of democracy .
There is , however , an alternative :
The transformation of the banks into public utilities , without compensation to their owners and large shareholders , their democratic control by the people , and their subordination to the interests of society as a whole instead of the profit interests of a small elite .
Those bankers responsible for the crisis , who have earned millions in the process , must be held accountable and stripped of their assets .
None of the parties sitting in the Bundestag is prepared to implement such measures .
Both the ruling grand coalition of conservative parties and the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) and the opposition , comprised of the Free Democratic Party , the Greens and the Left Party , defend the principle of capitalist private ownership .
IF Al Franken wins his Minnesota race , Democrats will get at least 58 US senators , giving them an effectively filibuster - proof majority .
When Franken woke up on the day after the election , his GOP opponent , Sen. Norm Coleman , led by what seemed a relatively comfortable 725 votes .
By that night , Coleman ’s lead had shrunk to 477 .
By Thursday , it was 336 .
Friday , 239 .
By late Sunday , the difference had gone to just 221 .
When counties finally certified the results on Monday , Coleman ’s lead had been cut to 206 .
A pickup of 519 votes over 5 days – pretty impressive when you consider this was just from the correction of
typos .
A recount wo n’t even start until Nov. 19 .
Yet , the particular changes are unlikely to have occurred by accident .
Corrections were posted in other races , but they were only a fraction of those for the Senate race .
The Senate gains for Franken were 2.2 times the gain from corrections for Barack Obama , 2.7 times the gain Democrats got across all Minnesota congressional races and 5.6 times the net loss that Democrats suffered for all state House races .
In total , the 519 net pro-Franken corrections were greater than the total changes for all precincts in the state for the presidential race , all congressional races and all state House races combined .
But it is n’t only the size of the corrections that make these changes so surprising .
The majority of Franken ’s new votes came from just three out of 4,130 precincts .
Almost half the gain ( 248 votes ) occurred in one precinct : Two Harbors , a small town north of Duluth along Lake Superior , a heavily Democratic precinct where Obama got 64 percent of the vote .
No other race had any changes in its vote total in that precinct .
That single precinct ’s corrections produced a much larger net swing in votes than occurred for all the precincts in the state for the presidential , congressional or state House races .
Also troubling is that new ballots that were n’t included in the original count are being discovered .
While not yet a large number , 32 absentee ballots were discovered in Democratic Minneapolis under the control of a single Democratic election judge after all the votes had been counted .
When those votes are added , they ’ll likely cut Coleman ’s lead further .
The recount starting next week presents an even bigger opportunity for fraud .
There ’s often a lot of pressure to assume that people meant to vote even if they did n’t , and it is hard for politics not to enter into these decisions .
Yet , relatively few voters failed to record votes this election .
Only 0.4 percent of Minnesotans who voted did n’t want to vote for president .
Many problems become more obvious in such close races .
From ACORN registering thousands of phantom voters to the lack of verifiable voter IDs , Minnesota has many problems with voting that need to be fixed .
But it is the sequence of extremely unlikely events that ’s giving Minnesotans real concerns .
The state ’s one tight race just happens to be the one with by far the most “ corrected ” votes , and those corrected votes are occurring in the most Democratic areas – and , no surpirse , favoring the Demcratic candidate .
But the real travesty will be to start letting election officials divine voters ’ intent .
If you want to discourage people from voting , election fraud is one sure way of doing it .
John Lott , author of “ Freedomnomics , ” is a senior research scientist at the University of Maryland .
Religious , political , and economic freedoms are the building blocks of both spiritual and material progress .
Individual and economic freedoms are deeply interconnected ; one affects the other and both must be undergirded by genuine virtue and a deep sense of personal responsibility .
The Individual Freedom & Free Markets Funding Area supports education , research , and grassroots efforts to promote individual freedom , free markets , free competition , and entrepreneurship .
Grounded in the ideas of classical liberal political economy , we seek and develop projects that focus on individuals and their place in a free society .
Whether by academic research , instruction , public outreach , or supporting debate on public policy , we aim to contribute toward making the nation and the world more just , more prosperous , and more conducive to human flourishing .
Business News by AskTraders
If you are an investor in the crypto space or just interested in keeping tabs on how this industry is evolving , one major interest would be how blockchain technology is being adopted across all industry segments across the globe .
Billions of dollars are being invested annually in what skeptics have called “ nothing more than a glorified spreadsheet ” , but the level of interest far surpasses this uninformed critique .
And what is more , every acknowledgement of blockchain is just a bit more awareness for Bitcoin and its altcoin brethren , and with awareness , more appreciation of their value , as well .
Forbes recently put together their Top Ten predictions for blockchain developments over the coming year , which follows a year of demonstrable success .
Governments are now looking favorably on having domestic digital currencies .
China is far along in this process , but their leader , President Xi , recently sang the praises of blockchian technology for all his countrymen to hear .
Report after report have also detailed progress on several fronts by major industry leaders to incorporate blockchain platforms to enhance existing operating systems in nearly every sector of commerce .
In 2020 , according to analysts at Forbes , these could be the headline stories about blockchain technology that suggest companies worthy of a nod for future investment :
Read the Full Article
The fact that US trade representative Robert Lighthizer has over the weekend been insisting that the phase one US - China trade deal is “ totally done ” raises the question , why was he being asked that question in the first place ?
( source : CNBC )
The detail of the agreement announced on Friday contains some very loose terms — a first glance leaves room for analysts to think it is half - baked .
A more granular analysis shows that terms and conditions are indeed in place but often set as variable rather than fixed .
After the days and weeks of horse - trading , it is the US concessions that are detailed in black and white , whereas Chinese concession are ‘ in principle ’ and ‘ to be confirmed ’ .
The agreement ’s first intervention was that the US held off raising tariffs on Chinese goods on Sunday 15th , and Beijing did not implement the retaliatory tariffs it had lined up .
This shows a willingness of both sides to demonstrate the progress being made and trust established because the agreement is not yet officially signed off .
That part of the process is pencilled in for the first half of January .
Read the Full Article
With most of the votes counted , the Conservative party look set to secure 364 parliamentary seats .
A majority of 78 in the House of Commons means that prime minister Johnson is now able to press forward with his Brexit withdrawal agreement .
Or as he has put it during his campaign : “ We will get Brexit done on time by the 31st of January , no ifs , no buts , no maybes ” ( source : Reuters ) .
The popular support for Johnson and his manifesto is demonstrated by the fact that he won a higher vote share than Tony Blair did during his own ‘ new paradigm ’ style victory 1997 .
By 8:30 am Friday morning , Johnson had won 44 % of the vote compared to 32 % for Labour .
The last time a UK election was so one - sided was 1987 .
The arithmetic at Westminster means that he can manage the splinter groups within his own group with a stick as well as carrot .
There is no need for him to horse - trade support with other parties such as the Democratic Unionist Party .
He can also look to benefit from the support of the new intake of Tory MPs , in the same way that the intake of first - time female MPs was dubbed ‘ Blair ’s Babes ’ in 1997 .
Read the Full Article
Want to sneak to the front of a concert queue without getting caught ?
Seek out friends and avoid jumping in front of die - hard fans .
A study of people waiting for front - row access to U2 concerts finds that “ super - fans ” are most irked by queue - jumpers .
People were equally peeved whether someone cut in front or behind , and cutters who jumped beside a friend were less likely to attract scorn .
“ I think this cuts to the heart of how to understand [ queuing ] behaviour , ” says Marie Helweg - Larsen , a social psychologist at Dickinson College in Pennsylvania , who led the study .
Other researchers have tried to unpick the psychology of the queue , though most work has focused on reducing consumer frustration .
However , one classic study found that New Yorkers were more likely to react to people who cut in front of them in a subway queue than behind .
Advertisement
Yet Helweg - Larsen argues that such experimental queue - jumping might not be the best way to gauge people ’s true feelings .
“ It ’s uncomfortable to confront someone in a queue , ” she says .
‘ Line Nazis ’
So to get a closer look into the queuer ’s psyche , she and colleague Barbara LoMonaco , a U2 fan and anthropologist at Transylvania University in Kentucky , surveyed fans waiting for access to the “ pit ” area , smack in front of the stage .
Up to a day before the concert , fans with “ general admission ” tickets form a line outside the venue .
The queue is self - policed , and venue security takes a hands - off approach .
Instead , marker - pen- wielding “ line Nazis ” enforce order by marking each person ’s place in line on her hand , Helweg - Larsen and LoMonaco note .
At four U2 concerts in Philadelphia and Atlanta , Helweg - Larsen and LoMonaco asked about 500 queuers how they felt about a series of line intrusions scenarios .
The researchers tweaked the relative positions of the queuer and cutter , whether the cutter targeted a friend or not , and the length of the time the queuer had waited .
They also noted respondents ’ devotion to U2 .
The relative position of the cutter did n’t seem to matter , they found .
“ You ’re equally screwed if you get jumped in line one ahead or five ahead or 10 ahead .
You ’re still set back the same , ” she says .
Law of the queue
Surprisingly , people took just as much offence at people who cut behind as in front .
If people were acting in pure self - interest , they would only take offence to people who cut in front , Helweg - Larsen says .
Less shockingly , super - fans tended to get more upset by friendly line intruders than less devoted fans .
“ We found that more committed fans were much more upset about a variety of situations and in general had different attitudes , ” she says .
Dilip Soman , a management professor at the University of Toronto who studies queues , thinks that social justice plays an important role in people ’s reactions to cutting .
“ You have this first come , first serve rule you do n’t want to violate , ” he says .
“ If the entire queuing system is threatened , people react . ”
And while Helweg - Larsen hopes no scofflaws will use her findings to jump queues more effectively , she witnessed one sure - fire tactic at a show , when a late - arriving fan made wild sprint to the front the instant the gates opened .
“ Not everyone has guts enough to do that , ” she says .
Journal reference : Journal of Applied Social Psychology ( DOI : 10.1111/j.1559-1816.2008.00396.x )
Like millions of other lonely people fed up with bars and the dating scene , Eric McKinley decided to look for love online .
The 46 - year - old gay man living in New Jersey decided to register with the popular Pasadena - based online dating company , eHarmony , in 2005 .
But instead of finding the man of his dreams , McKinley found only closed doors .
However , McKinley scored a victory on Nov. 19 for gay rights advocates by forcing the Internet matchmaker to change the way it does business .
The trouble began after McKinley discovered there was no way for users seeking same - sex partners to register for an account .
According to statements on eHarmony ’s Web site , 20 million people seeking companionship have registered on the company ’s Web site since its inception in 2000 .
“ I heard their advertisement and thought , ‘ Hey , this could work for me , ’ ” said McKinley .
“ So I went to their Web site but could n’t pass the initial screen .
There was no option for man seeking man .
It made me feel angry , mad , and sad ; a whole range of emotions . ”
McKinley contacted the New Jersey Attorney General ’s Division on Civil Rights and filed a lawsuit alleging discrimination based on sexual preference .
As part of a settlement agreement to end that lawsuit , eHarmony must start a new online dating site allowing users to search for same - sex partners .
The new service , “ Compatible Partners , ” will be up and running by March 31 , according to a statement on the company ’s Web site .
Potential customers seeking same - sex partners will be able to navigate to the new site from eHarmony , which will remain a site that matches members with the opposite sex .
The first 10,000 users registering with Compatible Partners will receive a free account for a year .
After that , pricing will be about $ 50 per month , the same as eHarmony .
eHarmony , Inc. must also pay the New Jersey Attorney General ’s Office $ 50,000 for administrative costs , and McKinley will receive $ 5,000 .
e Harmony was founded by evangelical Christian Neil Clark Warren , the former dean of the graduate school of psychology at Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena .
Warren has not publicly commented on the settlement .
In a 2005 interview with USA Today , Warren claimed that the company is not anti-homosexual .
He said the site ’s purpose is to produce successful marriages , and added that same - sex relationship services were not provided because gay marriage is illegal .
According to MarketWatch.com , which is part of the Wall Street Journal , eHarmony made about $ 165 million in 2006 .
Clark had a prior business relationship with the influential religious conservative group Focus on the Family .
According to the Colorado Independent , Focus on the Family spent more than $ 600,000 to ensure the passage of Proposition 8 on Election Day , which denies same - sex couples the right to marry .
Several lawsuits have been filed to nullify the measure ’s action , amending the state constitution to restrict marriage to opposite - sex partners .
“ This is a huge decision , ” said Peter LaBarbera , president of Americans For Truth , a group dedicated to exposing what they call “ the homosexual activist agenda . ”
“ There is a growing battle that has emerged between gay rights and religious freedom .
The people defending religious freedom have to stick their necks out and defend it , ” LaBarbera said .
“ It ’s not like eHarmony did not have the resources to fight a lengthy court battle .
The fact eHarmony was bludgeoned is going to set the stage for other companies attacking religious freedom .
It was a very public business with a born - again Christian at the top and they now are going to be in the business of promoting homosexual relationships .
If they can force Neil Clark Warren to do this , what ’s next ? ”
Dereck Andrade , an openly gay Pasadena resident and former public relations instructor at Pasadena City College , felt differently .
“ When I think about these companies that promote relationships , and especially in light of Proposition 8 , which barely passed , I think people and companies are starting to understand that relationships are not just among heterosexuals .
We are not going away , ”
“ I think we have turned the corner and people in some circles are becoming more accepting , ” he said .
“ But for the most part it ’s the courts that are forcing companies to come around .
eHarmony should have been more open - minded in the first place .
Why would n’t a company take the money ? ”
Other sites not only provide same - sex matching , but have also pointed out eHarmony ’s unwillingness to
do so .
Executives at Chemistry.com ran ads two years ago , inviting customers denied access to eHarmony to try their services for seeking same - sex partners .
e Harmony uses a questionnaire containing more than 200 questions about values , faith and interests to match couples along 29 dimensions of compatibility .
Once matching pairs complete the questionnaire and show interest , they reach a stage of open communications where they can see each others ’ photos .
McKinley is not the first person to sue the company .
In 2005 , Linda Carlson had the same experience and despite a letter to eHarmony executives , was still denied access .
Her suit is pending , though eHarmony attorneys claim that the McKinley settlement has made that case moot .
“ eHarmony has ignored the gay community , flip - flopping on their reasons for discrimination , ” said Thomas Enraght - Moony , CEO of Match.com and Chemistry.com in a prepared statement released after the settlement was announced .
“ In a 2005 interview , Warren claimed that ‘ same - sex marriage is illegal in most states and we do n’t really want to participate in something that ’s illegal . ’
However , in a 2007 statement , the brand blamed their exclusion on research , stating that ‘ the research that eHarmony has developed , through years of research , to match couples has been based on traits and personality patterns of successful heterosexual marriages . ’”
Phone calls to eHarmony ’s Lake Avenue offices were not returned Friday , but in a statement on the company ’s Web site attributed to eHarmony , Inc. legal counsel Theodore B. Olson said “ the company does not apologize or acknowledge any discriminatory practices . ”
“ Even though we believed that the complaint resulted from an unfair characterization of our business , we ultimately decided it was best to settle this case with the Attorney General since litigation outcomes can be unpredictable , ” Olson ( who served as George W. Bush ’s first Solicitor General ) wrote .
“ eHarmony looks forward to moving beyond this legal dispute , which has been a burden for the company , and continuing to advance its business model of serving individuals by helping them find successful , long - term relationships . ”
However , the company ’s commitment to serving the new client base and its needs effectively seems less than whole - hearted .
“ The company reserves the right , ” the statement continues , “ to inform those using the new same - sex matching service that the Compatibility Matching System™ developed by eHarmony is solely based on research involving married heterosexual couples . ”
» [ はてな ] うごメモのはじまりで、はてなは終わる。 from ahaten is not hatena
アンチはてなだと思われるのは心外なのではっきりさせておくけれど、私ははてなが好きだ。
はてな入りたい！とさえ思っている。はてなの力になりたいと思っている... [ 詳しくはこちら ]
For those who have a Mercedes CLK Cabriolet and wish to modify it so as to look like CLK DTM AMG Cabriolet , today we have a solution for them .
I mean , Indene Design has a solution for them : a wide - body kit that consists of a front spoiler , side thresholds , rear spoiler with integrated speaker , aileron and of course , splay wings .
Also , German tuner installed on the cab of the manufacturer in Stuttgart and a suspension H & R , a new exhaust system and rims of 19 inches wear 255/30 tires in front and 305/25 back .
For the interior , Indene Design offers a kit of carbon fiber containing 22 pieces .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Mercedes CLK Cabrio by Inden Design
Harvard 's $ 40 billion endowment is getting clobbered .
The Ivy League school faces " unprecedented endowment losses , " as its investments decline and its alumni get poorer .
The school will keep many of its programs intact , such as allowing students from low income households to attend free of charge .
It 's just going to tighten its belt , like everyone else .
Harvard : [ W ]e must recognize that Harvard is not invulnerable to the seismic financial shocks in the larger world .
Our own economic landscape has been significantly altered .
We will need to plan and act in ways that reflect that reality , to assure that we continue to advance our priorities for teaching , research , and service .
Our principal sources of revenue are all likely to be affected by these new economic forces .
Consider , first , the endowment .
As a result of strong returns and the generosity of our alumni and friends , endowment income has come to fund more than a third of the University ’s annual operating budget .
Our investments have often outperformed familiar market indexes , thanks to skillful management and broad diversification across asset classes .
But given the breadth and the depth of the present downturn , even well - diversified portfolios are experiencing major losses .
Moody ’s , a leading financial research and ratings service , recently projected a 30 percent decline in the value of college and university endowments in the current fiscal year .
While we can hope that markets will improve , we need to be prepared to absorb unprecedented endowment losses and plan for a period of greater financial constraint .
The economic downturn also puts pressure on other revenues that fuel our annual budgets .
Donors and foundations will be harder pressed to support our activities .
Federal grants and contracts for sponsored research will be subject to the intensified stress on the federal budget .
Tuition remains an important source of revenue , but in times like these we want to keep increases moderate , mindful that many students and families are facing economic strain .
Full Letter :
Letter from President Faust about the global economic crisis
To Harvard Faculty , Students , and Staff :
I write today about the global economic crisis and its implications for us at Harvard .
We all know of the extraordinary turbulence still roiling the world ’s financial markets and the broader economy .
The downturn is widely seen as the most serious in decades , and each day ’s headlines remind us that heightened volatility and persisting uncertainty have become our new economic reality .
For all the challenges such circumstances present , we are fortunate to be part of an institution remarkable for its resilience .
Over centuries , Harvard has weathered many storms and sustained its strength through difficult times .
We have done so by staying true to our academic values and our long - term ambitions , by carefully stewarding our resources and thoughtfully adapting to change .
We will do so again .
But we must recognize that Harvard is not invulnerable to the seismic financial shocks in the larger world .
Our own economic landscape has been significantly altered .
We will need to plan and act in ways that reflect that reality , to assure that we continue to advance our priorities for teaching , research , and service .
Our principal sources of revenue are all likely to be affected by these new economic forces .
Consider , first , the endowment .
As a result of strong returns and the generosity of our alumni and friends , endowment income has come to fund more than a third of the University ’s annual operating budget .
Our investments have often outperformed familiar market indexes , thanks to skillful management and broad diversification across asset classes .
But given the breadth and the depth of the present downturn , even well - diversified portfolios are experiencing major losses .
Moody ’s , a leading financial research and ratings service , recently projected a 30 percent decline in the value of college and university endowments in the current fiscal year .
While we can hope that markets will improve , we need to be prepared to absorb unprecedented endowment losses and plan for a period of greater financial constraint .
The economic downturn also puts pressure on other revenues that fuel our annual budgets .
Donors and foundations will be harder pressed to support our activities .
Federal grants and contracts for sponsored research will be subject to the intensified stress on the federal budget .
Tuition remains an important source of revenue , but in times like these we want to keep increases moderate , mindful that many students and families are facing economic strain .
Over the past several weeks I have been meeting individually and collectively with the deans of the faculties , as well as the Corporation , to share ideas on how we can best respond to this changed economic environment .
We need to sustain our high academic ambitions at the same time that we bring greater financial discipline to all our activities .
We have to think not just about what more we might wish to do , but what we might do at a different pace or do without .
Tradeoffs and hard choices that can be avoided in times of plenty cannot be averted now .
And , given the ongoing volatility and uncertainty , we need to plan and budget with a range of contingencies in view , including scenarios for reducing our spending both this year and next .
As we plan , we must also affirm our strong commitment to financial aid for our students .
In Harvard College , that will mean carrying forward our recent years ’ initiatives to make a Harvard education affordable for outstanding students from low - and middle - income families .
As before , families with incomes below $ 60,000 will pay nothing to send a child to Harvard College , and families with incomes up to $ 180,000 and typical assets can expect to pay no more than approximately 10 percent of income .
Across our graduate and professional schools , we will maintain financial aid budgets at least at their current levels — and ensure that our students still have access to needed loans , even though many banks are making them less readily available .
We have long been dedicated to research and the discovery of new knowledge across a wide range of fields of scientific and humanistic inquiry .
In recent years we have made significant investments toward breaking down intellectual barriers across disciplines and across Schools to generate new knowledge and to develop new courses and educational opportunities for our students .
These commitments must continue to guide us as we make decisions and choices in a significantly more constrained fiscal environment .
Harvard values its reputation as a stable and supportive employer , and we view our workforce as a critical part of all we do .
We recognize as well the responsibility that comes with being one of the largest employers in the commonwealth of Massachusetts .
At the same time , changing financial realities will require us to look carefully at compensation costs , which account for nearly half the University ’s budget .
We are assessing all aspects of our ambitious capital planning program , including the phasing and development of our campus in Allston .
We are working with administrative and financial deans from across the University to develop new approaches for generating both savings and new revenue sources , building on the ideas and best practices of each of the Schools .
Harvard is a famously decentralized place , and one size will not fit all .
Each School will face its own particular challenges .
But we must at the same time join together to address these new circumstances with creativity and a spirit of common enterprise .
Today , perhaps as never before , we need to work collectively to develop approaches and efficiencies that will allow every part of Harvard to thrive in the years to come .
Together , we must continue to advance the priorities that define us .
For all that has changed in recent weeks , we remain devoted to attracting the very best students , faculty , and staff to Harvard .
We will undertake the daily work of education and scholarship with the same intensity and imagination .
We will set our academic sights just as high , and we will ensure that the ambitions and vibrancy of our community and the strength of its commitment to the pursuit of truth remain unsurpassed .
Unemployment benefit payouts hit a 26 - year high .
Foreclosures up 30 % from a year ago .
Layoffs abound .
43 states face budget deficits , forcing them to cut jobs , programs , and funds for education and social services .
A major story on CNN.com is , " ' Mad Men ' star 's hair is " - bane of my existence . ' " -
The Fox News front page promises Glenn Beck on the " Washington State Christmas Scandal . " -
Economists fear deflation , and depression .
Two of the Big Three automakers may not survive through the end of the year .
The Washington Post 's Kathleen Parker writes about a 27 year - old , Facebook , and a Hillary Clinton cardboard cutout .
Jackson
Diehl luxuriates in a bubble bath of quid pro quo and self - congratulations for his attendance at a Bush photo - op .
Food stamp usage nears an all - time high with more than 31.5 million Americans using the program .
Americans are losing their livelihoods and having trouble buying food to eat .
I sense a disconnect .
The country is in serious trouble and a significant segment of the mainstream press has n't got a clue how to handle it .
They appear tone - deaf and increasingly trivial .
During the bubble years , the press learned to hawk self - promotion , triviality and political boosterism as " journalism . " -
They became insiders , members of a ruling court , not detached observers or , heaven forbid , muckrakers .
They shed the ink - stained wretch image and became privileged , cosmetically altered insiders , intimate with power and happy to knead that intimacy into power of their own .
A lot of journalism became a gossipy exercise in snark and sniffy outrage during the Clinton years .
With 9/11 and The Bush ascension , the profession morphed into a jingoistic orgy of access amplification -- who knew the highest ranking who from whom to get the latest , probably deceptive administration spin .
The rest of us put up with it .
During the Bubble Years , were n't we all destined to be rich ?
Just watch that high - tech 401 k grow 27 % a year ; get that " liar " - loan and watch your home value double .
We all identified with wealth and power ; we dreamt we'd have it .
We weaned a whole generation on that illusion .
Politics reduced to celebrity gossip and international affairs to jingoistic sound bites -- it suited us fine .
We were untouchable .
Even 9/11 , through which we might have examined our place in the world and our exercise of power within it , instead led us to pull further inward , to howl not only at the guilty , but at the whole world .
We were like kings insulted by peasants , desperate to re-establish might .
So we broke things .
Now , suddenly , the prospect of plenty disappears ; government actions have actual consequences -- and not just for anonymous foreigners in godforsaken deserts .
One congressional bill might mean the difference between having a job and not -- between keeping your house and homelessness .
But much of the mainstream press -- particularly the television press from which most of us get our news -- do n't adequately address this .
They do n't do the hard work of explaining why this is happening or how it might be stopped or where it might end .
They shake and shimmy to the gossip and the spin .
They are so obsessed with their roles as insiders and removed from the lives we lead that they continue to partner with the powerful as spin conduits ( The Washington Post 's Frank Ahrens rehashed the old right wing wish for Mitt Romney as " car czar " - because " he has autos in his DNA , " - since his father was chairman of American Motors .
Obviously , it's his birthright , like a throne ) , or desperately clutch a sensational local story like the Blagojevich affair and construct hypothetical Rube Goldberg - like connections to the president - elect to justify their excessive , prurient interest .
The press does n't know how to handle our descent into darkness ; and neither do we .
We 're still in denial .
Just as the financial kings Ben Bernanke and Henry Paulson have attacked this crisis piecemeal --- let 's throw a little money here to handle this part , a little interest rate adjustment there to handle that part -- we 're not acknowledging the big picture .
Our eyes have been so blinded by 20 years of bright and shiny things that we can't fathom an America generally re-cast in sepia and gray .
But yes , the next job on the chopping block might be mine or yours .
Your credit cards might readjust to 26 % for no reason .
Next year 's health insurance bill might rise 30 % .
The fire department might not come when you call due to crisis - induced layoffs .
How many of us acknowledge that we might be sustaining ourselves with food stamps ?
We have n't seen the worst of this .
We hear that again and again .
Obama keeps telling us , but gas prices fall and we convince ourselves that all will be well .
Blagojevich kindly distracts us with sleaze .
The Fox News dancing girls dazzle us with smiles and the pundits gossip and chatter at one another as if there 's nothing more substantive to say or do .
Our dreams , along with our toys , are vanishing .
The press and the public pretend not to notice .
The first stage of grieving is denial .
We 're doing such a damned good job of it , I dread the day we get to anger .
The cost of air tickets are expected to start coming down soon because of the world financial crisis , experts are predicting .
Experts are ruling are ruling out a plunge that would endanger the health of airlines .
“ If you keep prices too high you ’re going to lose more passengers , ”
A forecast of reduction in an average ticket of between 15 and 20 per cent by the end of March is predicted , to be attracting passengers from more conventional companies like British Airways .
Most airlines nowadays use the yield management system , whereby prices are adjusted by computer on an almost daily basis in line with demand , starting relatively low then rising if a particular flight fills up , or falling if it does not .
“ However , company profit margins are narrow , and they cannot really engage in a price war . ”
Few airlines have yet adopted an aggressive pricing strategy , as they try to recover from the massive cost of fuel which neared $ 150 a barrel in mid-July , forcing them to slap surcharges on tickets .
While oil has now fallen to a third of this level , companies have held back from price - cutting at the same rate , while announcing a reduction in the surcharges since September .
Read
At the same time they have Airlines have adopted other tricks to keep the money coming in , such as the introduction by the leading European airline , Air France - KLM , of a 50 - euro charge on economy class seats located near the emergency exits , where passengers enjoy more legroom .
The same company is also introducing an extra class between business and economy which is expected to come into effect towards the end of next year , and it is predicted that others would follow suit .
“ This project is perfectly matched to the crisis , and we are in a hurry to put it into effect , ”
The global airline industry – forecast to lose $ 4.1 billion this year by industry body IATA – is also fast consolidating in a bid to reduce costs by achieving economies of scale .
Everyone knows that being overweight increases your risk of heart disease , diabetes , and some types of cancer , but new research reveals that even normal - weight people are n't scot - free .
A European study suggests that people with belly fat -- even if they 're at a healthy weight -- have a higher risk of dying during a 10 - year period than their same - weight peers without a spare tire .
The report was published Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Research participants with a higher BMI were at greater risk of dying during the 10 - year study .
" I was surprised that even people who would be considered normal weight in terms of their [ body mass index ] have a higher risk of death if their waist circumference is increased , " says Tobias Pischon , M.D. , the study 's lead author and a member of the department of epidemiology at the German Institute of Human Nutrition ( DIfE ) .
In one of the largest long - term prospective studies in the world , a team of researchers at the European Prospective Investigation Into Cancer and Nutrition analyzed 359,387 people ages 25 to 70 from nine European countries .
Watch more on the study results »
The researchers found that those with a higher body mass index ( BMI ) were at a greater risk of dying during the 10 - year study than normal - weight people .
Health.com : Compare more than 40 diet plans
But when they looked at waist circumference and waist - to - hip ratio alone -- not just overall weight -- they found that those factors were strongly associated with a higher mortality risk too .
A 2 - inch increase in waist circumference raised the mortality risk by 17 % in men and 13 % in women , regardless of BMI .
The link was strongest in those who were at a healthy weight , compared to their heavier peers .
Health.com :
Why getting rid of belly fat may lower Type 2 diabetes risk
Men with the biggest girths ( about 40.4 inches ) were 2.05 times more likely to die during the study than men with waists that were less than 33.9 inches .
Women with waists 35 inches or larger had a mortality risk 1.78 times higher than those with waists less than 27.6 inches .
It 's been known for some time that belly fat is bad for one 's health , and it has been linked to a greater risk of erectile dysfunction , memory problems , diabetes , and heart disease , among other health issues .
Abdominal fat -- unlike fat elsewhere in the body -- can pad internal organs ; it is thought to promote inflammation by releasing hormones .
Previous studies have noted the link between being overweight and the risk of developing a chronic disease , but the extent of abdominal fat 's role was controversial .
The current study clarifies that role by providing " very reliable conclusions , " says Hans - George Joost , M.D. , DIfE 's scientific director .
The study has , in fact , been larger and broader than most , according to Leah Whigham , Ph.D. , a nutritional scientist at the University of Wisconsin -- Madison .
" The waist - to - hip ratio or waist circumference might be particularly important for people at the low end of the [ BMI ] spectrum , " she says .
Still , there 's hope if you have an apple - shaped figure .
A 2003 study suggested that increased dietary fiber and weight training can slim the waistline if they 're coupled with a reduction in trans - fatty acids and sedentary activities such as television viewing .
Health.com : Dietary fats can help -- or harm -- your heart
Whigham recommends regular exercise , even if people do n't seem to shed pounds from their overall weight .
" There are some people who no matter how hard they try , they are n't going to get their weight down that low , " she says .
If you 're significantly overweight , incorporating regular exercise into your daily routine can help reduce your waist - to - hip ratio , which might help add years to your life .
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About Obesity
Foreign Accent Syndrome Gives Sufferers an International Sound A rare brain disorder can cause sufferers to speak with a foreign accent .
Nov. 13 , 2008  -- CindyLou Romberg sounds like she could be from any number of exotic countries around the world .
She sometimes rolls her " R "s like a Russian , chops syllables like a German or turns an unsuspecting " W " into a " V , " like a Swede .
But Romberg is not Russian , German or Swedish .
In fact , she has never even left her tiny hometown of Port Angeles , Wash .
Romberg suffers from what doctors call Foreign Accent Syndrome , or FAS , an extremely rare brain disorder that , as the name implies , causes its sufferers to speak as if they are from a foreign country .
" We 'll be in the grocery store and someone will come up and say , ' Oh , you have a beautiful accent .
Where are you from ? ' "
Romberg told " Good Morning America . "
The syndrome is likely related to an accident in 1981 when CindyLou suffered a depressed skull fracture after falling out of a moving truck , scientists say .
She recovered from a severe brain injury , and spoke normally until just two years ago when she lost her voice for a couple of days after a visit with a chiropractor .
When her voice came back , it was not the one she had grown up with .
" She may have suffered a small episode of decreased blood supply to the brain during the manipulation that provided an additional injury , which led to the FAS , " neuroscientist Julius Fridriksson said .
Fridriksson said that FAS comes from a trauma to the left side of the brain in an area responsible for speech .
Along with the foreign accents , Romberg has also dealt with an inability to say the names of her loved ones , including her daughter , Sadrianna .
Though the condition may be frustrating for Romberg , her husband Glenn told " GMA " he was more worried about her than about her voice .
" Once we figured out medically that there is nothing wrong with her , it 's OK with me , " he said .
" I do n't mind the voice at all . "
But Romberg said she misses the voice she used to have , the voice that was a part of her .
" It 's the voice I had for 49 years .
It 's the voice I 'm used to .
It 's the voice that I said ' I do ' to .
It 's the voice I spoke to my grandchildren with when they were first born , " she said .
In the end , however , Romberg agreed with her husband .
" The most important thing is that you 're healthy , " she said .
" When you look at the big scheme of things , this is a walk in the park . "
4 Areas to look at as an expat moving to the Australia
We ’re taking a look at four areas of life in Australia that you should give consideration to when relocating to Oz , either as an expat or , even to retire .
What comes to mind when you think of the land down under ?
Stunning beaches , all - round climate , relaxed way of life
Spare a thought for the world 's glossy magazine editors .
It 's not easy trying to make an honest living by commissioning mind - bogglingly tasteless fashion shoots that will guarantee media coverage and therefore boost sales figures .
Because when it comes to tastelessness in fashion the bar , my friends , is very high .
Think of Steven Meisel 's Make Love Not War story in last September 's Italian Vogue , " inspired " by the war in Iraq and set in a military camp .
This featured models wearing tiny , revealing dresses and dazed expressions being felt up in the mud by groups of tattooed soldiers in combat trousers .
Sort of like a rape camp , girls , but you get to wear Roberto Cavalli .
So respect to Priya Tanna , editor of Vogue India , who has created a new gold - standard for controversial images in the August issue .
The season 's flashiest accessories are modelled by ordinary Indians , so a toothless grandmother carries a little boy sporting a $ 100 Fendi bib ; a barefoot man holds aloft a $ 200 Burberry umbrella , and a family of three squeeze onto a motorbike , with the wife holding the $ 10,000 Hermès Birkin handbag .
Remember Derelicte , the fictional fashion label in Zoolander ?
( " Inspired by the homeless , the vagrants , the crack whores that make this wonderful city so unique . " )
I thought that was a joke .
Not , clearly , in Vogue India , which brings the spirit of Derelicte to life , and adds a little of the colonial - minded condescension that crops up in Vogues everywhere ( see Keira Knightley in the June issue of American Vogue , posing amongst African tribespeople and befriending a baby elephant modelling a Louis Vuitton blanket . )
" Lighten up , " Tanna instructed the New York Times when challenged about the pictures , the message of which she says is that " fashion is no longer a rich man 's privilege " .
Now , that 's a beautiful sentiment , Priya , but for the 456 million people in India who , it is estimated , live on less than $ 1.25 a day , would you mind just talking us through the arithmetic of how a $ 10,000 bag is for them ?
· View a selection of the controversial pictures on the New York Times website
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
What are probiotics ?
What are the health benefits ?
What are the sources , where can I get them in my diet ?
Many health - conscious consumers are asking themselves these questions these days , as probiotics become the latest trends in being healthy .
Your digestive system - comprised of the stomach , the intestines , and the gastrointestinal tract - is key to your health .
A healthy digestive system is key to overall health .
This is where the body takes all the nutrients from your food and puts it throughout the body and also breaks down the waste , the toxins and eliminates that .
If the digestive system is n’t working right some of these toxic wastes will also be absorbed into your body .
Good bacteria vs. harmful bacteria
There are billions of microscopic bacteria in the digestive system , some are good and some are bad .
A healthy digestive system needs more of the good bacteria than the bad .
How do you make sure that your digestive system has more good than bad bacteria ?
You need to feed the good bacteria what it wants in order for it to flourish , and avoid the foods that the bad bacteria likes , sugar for one .
Probiotics are good bacteria that you can eat
Probiotics are friendly bacteria .
You eat probiotics and you are basically eating friendly bacteria .
Probiotics seems to be a new word for good bacteria or yogurt .
Any good yogurt is a probiotic .
What makes a good probiotic or a good yogurt ?
There are live bacteria in good yogurt just like in your digestive system .
L actobacillus bulgaricus
Streptococcus thermophilus
Also look for yogurt or probiotic that has L acidophilus , that is a very important bacteria .
You might see other cultures or bacteria listed as well .
It is important that the yogurt says on its label live active cultures or living yogurt cultures .
Otherwise the good bacteria in the yogurt might not even be worth eating .
If you do n’t eat dairy , there is also yogurt made from soy .
Health benefits of probiotics
Clinical studies have shown that probiotics and yogurts are helpful with these medical conditions .
Strengthen the immune system .
Scientifically shown to enhance natural killer cell activity
Helps fight pathogens , the harmful bacteria .
Promotes good digestive health
A great way to get calcium and vitamin D for lactose intolerant people .
Diarrhea
Constipation
Bloating
Leaky gut
Why do we need probiotics ?
Many things can hurt the good bacteria , such as :
Too much sugar benefits the bad bacteria .
Antibiotics , if you have to take antibiotics for any reason , they will kill the good ( along with the bad ) bacteria .
It ’s always good to eat some good yogurt after taking antibiotics .
Poor nutrition
Stress
Aging lessens the good bacteria .
Alcohol
What are some good sources of probiotics ?
Fage Greek yogurt is very healthy .
Cultured dairy products , including yogurt , natural cheese , kefir and buttermilk
Green foods , such as wheatgrass , spirulina and chlorella
Probiotics and yogurt are very good for our digestive systems , and the healthier our digestive systems are , the healthier we are .
That is why there are so many healthy benefits to good yogurt and probiotics .
Sam Montana © 07 December 2008
How Our Home Delivery Service Works
When you subscribe to any of our coffees ( including , espressos , teas and cocoas ) you will be joining the Boca Java Gourmet Coffee Club that we pioneered way back in 2002 .
You will also be joining a Club that already has thousands of members , nearly one thousand of whom have been enjoying the benefits of our gourmet roast - to - order coffee automatically delivered directly to their door for over 10 years !
Let 's face it , when you subscribe to a coffee club you should receive benefits and additional value that non coffee club customers do n't get - and that is our value proposition to you .
So , here 's what you get :
Discounts - Members of the Club save 10 % on ALL items in their recurring club orders .
Loyalty Rewards - Members earn 5 % back on every order they place , recurring or one time , in the form of Boca Bucks that can be redeemed as eCertificates and applied to subsequent purchases .
Shipping Discounts - Members enjoy $ 3.95 flat rate shipping on ALL recurring coffee club orders that are under $ 35 .
All orders , recurring or one - time , ship for FREE .
Non-Club members pay $ 7.95 shipping on orders under $ 35 - saving you an additional $ 4 per order .
Freebies -
We want you to try several of our coffees .
That 's why every Club Member can add a FREE 2oz Baby Boca Sampler to every recurring Coffee Club order through the Manage My Subscription page .
Convenience - You are in control .
You determine how often you want to receive your subscribed items by selecting the frequency of your deliveries .
You can choose any interval between 2 - 8 weeks .
Flexible -
You can change your order frequency and the coffees you want in your subscription at any time .
Going on vacation ?
Got too much Coffee ?
Want to try something different ?
No problem .
You can manage all of this in the Manage My Subscriptions section of our website or call us and we 'll be happy to make the change for you .
Special Offers -
Throughout the year we will send special offers , provide early access to large promotional events and provide one - time discounts exclusively to our club members .
When you join the Boca Java Gourmet Coffee Club it is with the understanding that you will continue to receive the same products and quantities for which you subscribed on every recurring order based on the frequency you select .
However , making changes to your frequency , your coffee selection or the quantities on each order can be done by you , on - demand , by logging into your account or calling our Customer Service Dept at 1-888- BOCA -JAVA .
Click here to read the Terms & Conditions of a Boca Java Coffee Club .
Click here to read our FAQ's .
You might suppose that the economic tornado hitting Britain would cause the government to focus its energy and resources very tightly on the political projects that are of undoubted value .
This is not , after all , the moment to be wasting either political or financial capital .
But you would be wrong .
Faced with a crisis that it patently can't control , the government is instead seeking to exert power where it still can : over us .
The state 's latest plan to watch us makes every other imminent intrusion seem limited .
Next month 's Queen 's speech will contain a brief reference to an innocuous - sounding communications data bill .
But what this means is the development of a centralised database that will track , in real time , every call we make , every website we visit , and every text and email we send .
That information will then be stored and analysed - perhaps for decades .
It will mean the end of privacy as we know it .
In the name of the fight against crime , and the fight against terror , we are all to be monitored as if we could be suspects .
Computers will analyse our behaviour for signs of deviance .
The minute we become of interest to anyone in authority - perhaps because we take part in a demonstration , have an argument with a security guard at an airport , spend too long on a website , or are witness to a crime - the police or the security services will be able to dip into our records and construct a near - complete pattern of our lives .
The shocking element to the new plan is that the authorities want their own database only because they find the current limitations frustrating .
Under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers
Act rules , the 700 or so bodies already licensed to watch us must make a certified request to phone or internet firms for individual records .
More than 500,000 such requests were made last year .
But the companies are reluctant to hang on to the data , and the security services would find a single , accessible database so much more convenient .
Stop and consider this for a moment .
Think about how happy any of us would be to have our lives laid out to official view .
All our weaknesses , our private fears and interests , would be exposed .
Our web searches are guides to what is going on in our minds .
A married man might spend a lot of time on porn websites ; a successful manager might be researching depression ; a businessman might be looking up bankruptcy law .
We all have a gulf between who we really are and the face we present to the world .
Suddenly that barrier will be taken away .
Would a protester at the Kingsnorth power station feel quite so confident in facing the police if she knew that the minute she was arrested , the police could find out that she 'd just spent a week looking at abortion on the web ?
Would a rebel politician stand up against the prime minister if he knew security services had access to the 100 text messages a week he exchanged with a woman who was n't his wife ?
It is n't just the certainty that such data would be used against people that is a deterrent , it 's the fear .
As the realisation of this power grew , we would gradually start living in the prison of our minds .
This is only the worst manifestation of an official intrusion into our lives that is just about to hit us , but of which we seem strangely unaware .
The UK 's network of speed cameras will soon be able to track every journey we make by road under the automated number - plate recognition system .
Mobile network records can already place us , at any time , within 100 yards of our phone 's location .
The ID database will record every time we go to a hospital or a benefit centre , fill in a prescription or a draw a large sum from a bank .
The children 's database will give access to every piece of gossip or fact about our children or their family , perhaps in perpetuity .
It will record that an older sister may be alcoholic , or that a father is in jail , or that a 14 - year - old is thought to be having sex .
Nobody will be able to break free of this information about their past .
Most alarming of all , for its breadth of knowledge about us , the NHS database will give hundreds of thousands of staff the ability to discover when we lost our virginity , the drugs we 're on , our mental health history .
And none of this information will be safe , because we know three things about the mass collection of data .
The first is that the authorities will mine it where it suits them .
The second is that the data will be lost .
And the third is that it will leak .
Only last month a Revenue & Customs worker was jailed for twice passing the address of a battered woman to her current boyfriend - the woman 's husband .
On each occasion , the battered woman and her children had to flee to a new address .
That 's the tip of an information iceberg .
A couple of years ago the trial of journalists who had hacked into royal phones revealed the existence of a web of hackers , private detectives and dodgy policemen who could effectively gather all there was to be known about a person 's private life .
In a very few years there will be much more that could be known , and far fewer defences against it .
The information commissioner , Richard Thomas , warns these changes must be debated because of the dangers that excessive surveillance poses to our way of life .
Liberty 's Shami Chakrabarti says the latest proposals are " seismic " , and that they will " transform the relationship between the individual and the state " .
I 'm all for the targeted pursuit of crime and terror , but this is n't it .
This is a multibillion - pound misuse of the state 's time and our money which will fundamentally damage our freedom to think and to act .
jenni.russell@theguardian.com
We ’ve said for some time that European banks are ( believe it or not ) in even worse shape on average than their US peers , although the public at large is far more aware of the problems here by virtue of our financial system having hit the wall so spectacularly .
While US firms waded into risky waters with reckless abandon , so too did their EU cohort .
And while the American firms may have gotten in deeper , the Euro banks have much smaller equity bases relative to the size of their balance sheets , and thus vastly less tolerance for error .
Two stories in the last two days give more detail .
The first is from Der Spiegel , on the Swiss banks ( hat tip reader Saboor ) and the second , from Ambrose Evans - Pritchard in the Telegraph , gives more general comments .
First , from Der Spiegel :
The Swiss economy is dwarfed by the size of its leading banks , and there are growing worries about their health .
The government says everything is fine , but some disagree … .
“ First and foremost it is the financial center of Switzerland that will bleed , ” prophecies Beat Bernet , bank expert at the University of St. Gallen .
By now people are even contemplating the unthinkable : the collapse of Europe ’s leading bank , the largest money manager in the world , UBS .
The Swiss have been forced once already to wave goodbye to a national icon .
Swissair , whose solidity earned it the moniker “ the flying bank , ” shut down in 2001 .
It was a traumatic crash - landing for the whole country , and Swissair ’s collapse cost the state over 2 billion Swiss francs ( € 1.3 billion ) .
The big banks also bore guilt for the failure .
As later became public , UBS had refused to extend funding to Swissair for emergency operations .
This is how the bank earned its nasty nickname among the populace , “ United Bandits of Switzerland . ”
Now , UBS is once again in the hotseat .
Since the financial crisis began , the firm has experienced heavy losses and has seen writedowns of 45 billion Swiss francs ( € 29 billion ) .
The investment bankers on Wall Street allowed themselves to run riot , above all with the meagre savings of small deposit - holders … .
As the Neue Zürcher Zeitung recently put it — with refreshing openness — “ the nicest thing you can say about the American bankers — and about their imitators as UBS — is that they were unscrupulous . ”
Many are fearful of the consequences should UBS capsize .
Switzerland ’s gross domestic product totals 512 billion Swiss francs ( €332.1 billion ) .
UBS ’s balance sheet adds up to 2 trillion Swiss francs ( €1.3 trillion ) — four times as much .
Even Switzerland ’s second biggest bank , Credit Suisse , oversees assets totalling 1.2 trillion Swiss francs ( €778.4 billion ) .
Together UBS and Credit Suisse have over 640 billion Swiss francs ( €415.1 billion ) in outstanding loans .
“ We owe this crisis an uncomfortable revelation : UBS and Credit Suisse are too big for Switzerland , ” wrote the ex-editor - in - chief of the German weekly Die Zeit , Roger de Weck , last week in the Swiss periodical Das Magazin .
“ If they went bankrupt , a flourishing country would be ruined . ”
From the Telegraph ( note that the article also has pointed observations about US banks ) :
Feudalism aka American Capitalism
by David F .
[ Introduction and Overview ] [ Chapter 1 ] [ Chapter 2 ] [ Chapter 3 ] [ Chapter 4 ]
[ Chapter 5 ] [ Chapter 6 ] [ Chapter 7 ] [ Chapter 8 ] [ Bibliography ] [ Contributions ]
Introduction and Overview
Feudalism : control by an entrenched minority esp. for its own benefit : social , political , or economic oligarchy .
You are reading this online , so I wo n't waste your time .
The aim of the book is to provide enough shocking facts about the manipulative practices of America 's power elite , that readers will be motivated ( i.e. , made angry enough ) to take part in efforts to bring the richest 1 % under control , ... before they impoverish the planet and destroy the biosphere .
The book presents overwhelming evidence that masquerading behind a democratic facade , an economic elite comprising less than 1 % of the population is quietly and cunningly ruling America .
Their immense wealth and power enable them to exercise so much control over the governmental process , that they effectively operate the country as a Feudal oligarchy .
The book will leave little doubt that Government has been serving as a tool to subsidize and legitimize their exploitation of national and international resources , while legislative tax changes have left the nation with a Feudal wealth distribution system .
Presenting the evidence to substantiate this argument is not the main reason the book was written .
Documenting the methods used by the elite to manipulate , control and exploit those with less money or power is the real purpose .
At least 80 % of the book is devoted to documenting their very effective methodology .
While it is evident that most people are somewhat aware that government appears to cater to corporations and influential lobby groups , the average taxpayer is practically oblivious to the extent to which the wealthiest 1 % directly and purposely control and manipulate the lives and destinies of everyone else on the planet .
For those who have been brought up on a steady diet of the American Dream , but notice that today 's reality and the American Dream seem to be growing further and further apart , it may be worth keeping in mind that if a frog is placed in a pan full of cold water , and the heat is turned up gradually enough , the frog will fail to sense the danger , and instead of jumping to safety , it could quite unknowingly allow itself to be cooked .
In a similar fashion , the media continues to be used to desensitize and / or misinform the general public into repeatedly accepting domestic and foreign policies that are very often diametrically opposed to the best interest of the majority .
While the average American does have " a vague idea " that corporations ( as well as the economic elite ) use plenty of techniques for avoiding taxation ; how many know that the proportion of Federal Income tax derived from Corporate income tax declined steadily from 32 % in 1952 ; to 23 % in 1960 ; to 17 % in 1970 ; to a low of 9 % in 1985 ?
Without vital knowledge such as this , the public will remain in the dark as to what is really causing the decline in most Americans ' standard of living . .
Although the growing deficit and the near trillion dollar banking industry losses will inevitably lead to continuing cuts in the standard of living for present and future generations , most Americans feel powerless to alter their deteriorating economic conditions , and simply take consolation in the belief that everyone else is also feeling the pinch .
Nothing could be further from the truth !
Statistics taken from Forbes magazine 's annual July survey of America 's billionaires expose the true reality .
In 1982 there were 13 billionaires , in 1983 ...15 ; in 1984 ... 12 ; in 1985 ...13 ; in 1986 ...26 ; in 1987 ...49
In other words , the number of American billionaires had for many years hovered around 13 , then the Reagan administration drastically altered the wealth distribution patterns by introducing tax changes favoring the super rich .
In 1986 the number of billionaires DOUBLED , and by 1987 the number of billionaires had QUADRUPLED !!
By 1988 there were 68 individuals or families that each had net wealth in excess of $ 1,000,000,000 .
By 1989 , the number had risen precipitously to 82 .
And by 1990 , the Forbes survey reported the staggering total of 99 !!
This explosion of wealth taking place at the top has occurred and will continue to occur while waves of beggars flood onto the streets , and thousands of farmers lose their farms .
It is neither fate nor coincidence that these events are occurring simultaneously .
Tremendous profits continue to flow into the bank accounts of the super rich even during supposedly poor economic periods .
Unless facts such as these become " common knowledge " , economic Feudalism will continue to be an integral aspect of the status quo .
Why is n't the general public aware of these facts ?
Simply because the richest 1 % own virtually all of the media , and have little difficulty controlling the content and coloration of television and newspaper information reaching the public .
The superficial and often distorted picture of reality offered by newspapers and television 's 30 second sound bites has traditionally contributed little to the exposure of America 's hidden reality .
In no less a fashion , the major publishing houses have , like a circle of protective elephants , provided a wall of defense around the existing status quo and the elite who profit from it .
In short , Americans are being deceived and seduced into clinging to unrealistic concepts served up through the mass media by the very people who are exploiting the nation .
Facts that would have exposed the true nature of present day America rarely get presented through newspapers or television .
Instead , they surface in magazines such as the Economist , Forbes , Fortune , Insight , and The Wall Street Journal which are read almost exclusively by the economic elite and their sympathizers .
Moreover , the specialized economic jargon and ever changing " buzzwords " used throughout these publications poses yet another barrier preventing the published facts from becoming widely appreciated .
Consequently , this book has been written to present the reader with a comprehensive but seemingly radical perspective of America 's hidden reality , based on and supported by facts extracted almost exclusively from the conservative , pro-establishment publications just mentioned .
This was done purposely to avoid arguments regarding the truth , accuracy or bias of facts used throughout the book .
Additionally , the author attempted wherever possible to present both the perspectives and the supporting facts in plain uncomplicated English so as to be accessible to a broader spectrum of the general public .
The book could easily have been entitled " The Hoax of Democracy and Equality in Western Society " , because the world 's economic elite have taken control not only in America , but in virtually all the capitalist democracies , England , Canada , Scotland , Ireland , West Germany , Israel , South Africa , India , Australia , New Zealand , Japan , etc. , as well as all the other countries ruled by economically elite minorities .
However , because America chooses to be the flagship for democratic capitalism , so she automatically deserves to be the focus of criticism as well .
Moreover , it has been the American elite who have pioneered many of the social and constitutional controls that the economic elite of other countries have imitated .
Consequently , incidents were chosen from American society to provide references and examples , although each of the other countries could have served the purpose as well .
It is therefore the author 's hope that the book will serve as a catalyst to arouse true democratic power not only in America , but throughout the so - called Western democracies , simply by outlining many of the methods which the elite purposely use to manipulate society in order to maintain their wealth and power ( i.e. , a Feudal society ) .
If and when Western citizens come to know even some of the facts contained in this book , the outcry could be deafening .
The shift of power from the wealthy elite to the majority could come just as surprisingly and as quickly as the shift of power away from the Communist elite occurred in Russia .
The demand for true democracy , and a more equitable distribution of wealth could dramatically alter humanity 's destiny .
A " New World Order " could really take place .
As Victor Hugo once put it , " No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come " , and the time has come .
Important additional note !
The author would like to remind the reader that although most of the incidents referred to in the book occurred in the late 80s and early 90s ( because that 's when the book was originally written ) , it would be no problem at all to choose a comparable set of incidents taken from today 's current events .
In short , we are always being manipulated and exploited with basically the same methodology , so providing incidents ( i.e. , examples of a particular exploitation method ) , at any point in time , to support the basic arguments in the book would be relatively easy .
It would simply entail a repeat of the time and effort taken to collect the currently provided set of supporting bibliographic references .
I have little doubt that readers will be able to supply their own current references , ... and all too easily .
This type of expose of the elite 's methodology needs to be written only once .
Chapter 1
The Hoax Of Equal Opportunity And Equitable Prosperity HOAX : : to trick into believing or accepting or doing something
: play upon the credulity of ... so as to bring about belief in or acceptance
of what is actually false and often preposterous
: take in
: DELUDE , DUPE , MISLEAD , VICTIMIZE The Hidden Social Order ( Part 1 ) The Society We Can See
In the 50's , the United States appeared to hold the formula for prosperity .
Her love affair with the automobile soon caused homes to sprout two and three car garages , while her industrial automation produced such a profusion of affordable consumer goods that the growing prosperity enjoyed by the predominantly one income families of America could best be described as an era of rampant consumerism .
Television series like Father Knows Best and Leave It To Beaver , among others , slowly but surely etched apple pie concepts of America into the nation 's psyche .
Individually and collectively , Americans began to expect and demand world recognition as the flagship of prosperity and democratic freedom .
National pride became the country 's chief export .
To put it mildly , times have changed .
Escalating real estate prices and high rents have forced most families to require two incomes just to get by , and the concept of home ownership has been transformed from an expectation to little more than a pipe dream for this generation 's youth , who have very little money left over after paying their rent .
With the advent of two working parents , the quality and nature of home life progressively deteriorated to the extent that few children now enjoy the luxury of growing up with only one set of parents .
Broken homes and single parents on welfare have become part of the norm .
In the workplace , computers , improved communications , and automated manufacturing techniques have dramatically increased efficiency and productivity ; but unless you count yourself among the richest 10 % , your economic group has been relatively losing ground steadily since the 50's despite all the technological breakthroughs .
More recently , across the board cuts in social programs have significantly decreased the standard of living for the employed and unemployed alike .
Moreover , the widespread proliferation of street beggars , soup kitchens , grocery handout centers , and flop houses for the homeless bears witness to the fact that an American reality is shaping up that can no longer be ignored .
Educational opportunities are not being equitably shared .
Health resources are not being equitably shared .
Access to justice is not being equitably shared
National resources are not being equitably shared .
In fact , the inequities increase with each passing decade .
The hallowed buildings of the nation 's capitol , that once echoed with the visions of the original Founding Fathers , now bear witness to a continuous parade of high level government officials forced to resign for various abuses of public trust .
The Founding Fathers would no doubt be horrified to learn the extent to which drugs , violence and organized crime have come to be an integral aspect of the American way of life .
So much so , that the deterioration of life in America is epitomized by Washington DC itself .
Not only has the nation 's capital had to resort to imposing a night - time curfew on all Washingtonians under 18 , its mayor is currently facing drug charges , and the city has also become the murder capital of America !!
{ B1} Legislative and constitutional changes favoring the most wealthy are rapidly running the country into bankruptcy .
In 1988 alone , 200 American banks , and 226 Savings and Loan thrift institutions ( S&Ls ) failed , and hundreds more are about to fail .
The banking industry is on the verge of collapse .
Losses involving the S&L thrift institutions alone could eventually cost the taxpayer up to 500 billion dollars .
In addition , the major U.S. banks are being secretly bailed out from their defaulting 3rd World loans .
Continuing cuts in the standard of living for America 's unborn loom ominously .
As a result , Americans are now beginning to reluctantly acknowledge that the expectations of prosperity fueled by the American Dream are no longer probable .
The optimism of the 50's has been replaced by widespread uncertainty concerning future economic well - being , and rightly so .
Clearly , America of the 80's is radically different from America of the 50's , yet most Americans still cling to concepts of wealth distribution , democracy , and freedom of the press that echo the ideals the American Dream of the 50's even though many of the concepts can no longer be substantiated by present - day social realities .
Socio-economic changes occurring behind the scenes have drastically altered the nation 's destiny .
A covert social order is in place and there is a 90 % chance that you are one of the chosen losers .
Those who remain ignorant of what is happening behind the scenes , will have to take it lying down .
If you know what is going on , you can fight back .
Knowledge is power .
Let 's begin by examining the hidden social order within America .
The facts will probably shock you .
( Part 2 ) The Hidden Wealth of the Richest 1 % Including or excluding the so called " couch potatoes " , Americans take in more information than they ever have .
Newscasters such as Ted Koppel , Dan Rather , Tom Brokaw , Robert McNeil , and Jim Lehrer are as well known to this generation as Walter Cronkite was to previous generations .
Not only do people watch their favorite newscasters regularly , they read mountains of newspapers and magazines as well .
Because the American media claims to be the freest in the world , few have reason to suspect that their mass media information is being very carefully controlled and colored .
The shocking truth is that the American public is being purposely kept in the dark about many vital realities .
For example are you aware that : THE RICHEST 1 ( ONE ) PERCENT OF AMERICANS possess more wealth than
THE COMBINED WEALTH OF THE BOTTOM 90 ( NINETY ) PERCENT .
{ B2} Despite how incorrect that statistic may first appear , there is definitely no error or misprint involved .
Not only that , the full significance of the above statement is rather difficult to instantly appreciate , so we 'll take a moment more to consider its implications .
Because the richest 1 % prefer to associate almost exclusively with members of their own social and economic standing , few members of the bottom 90 % of Americans have ever even met a millionaire let alone a billionaire .
Consequently if you belong to the bottom 90 % , you can think of the wealth of the richest 1 % as :
more wealth than the combined assets of every American you have ever met , plus all the assets of every American you would be likely to meet on a trip that took you through every single city and town in the nation !!
If you have n't been thinking of the rich and their wealth in quite that light , I suggest you begin to , because that information is only the tip of the iceberg of information being actively suppressed by the so - called freest media on the planet .
Many references will be made throughout the book to the bottom 90 % , so it is appropriate that we try to define the group a little more precisely .
Since the average person in the West considers himself or herself a member of the middle class , logic as well as popular opinion would suggest that half or more of the population fits into it .
Initially then , let 's arbitrarily consider that American society is comprised of 60 % middle class , 20 % lower class , and 20 % upper class .
Because the combined middle and lower economic classes only account for 80 % of the population , the bottom 90 % of society must also include half of the so - called upper class as well !
This means that the bottom 90 % is comprised of : 1 ) Every member of the middle class
2 ) Every member of the lower class
3 ) Half the members of the wealthy upper class
So now our original statistics can be interpreted to mean that : THE RICHEST 1 ( ONE ) PERCENT of Americans own more wealth than :
1 ) ALL of the wealth of ALL of the MIDDLE class
COMBINED WITH
2 ) ALL of the wealth of ALL of the LOWER class
AND ADDED TO
3 ) ALL of the wealth of the bottom HALF of the UPPER class
If you are surprised or shocked , do n't feel bad .
The elite have gone out of their way to ensure that you did n't know it .
Nevertheless , my initial choice of ( 20 % , 60 % , and 20 % ) to represent the upper , middle , and lower class population percentages was arbitrary , so if you think the arbitrary percentage breakdown of society was at fault , I welcome you to run your own idea of the class percentages through the preceding model .
No matter what figures you choose , the bottom 90 % of society would still have to include ALL of the lower class , plus ALL of the so called middle class , plus a portion of the upper class .
The staggering significance of the wealth of the richest 1 % will not alter .
Go ahead and try it .
( Part 3 ) The Hidden Wealth of the Next Richest 9 %
Up to this point , we have referred only to the richest 1 % and the bottom 90 % .
However , sandwiched in between those two groups is another wealthy minority , " the next richest 9 % " .
Let 's now find out how that group fares economically .
You may be stunned to learn that : THE NEXT RICHEST 9 ( NINE ) PERCENT also possess more wealth than THE COMBINED WEALTH OF THE BOTTOM 90 ( NINETY ) PERCENT
As unbelievable as it sounds , there are two minority groups , not just one , that own more assets than the bottom 90 % .
These two statistics alone should leave little doubt that the bulk of the wealth in America is owned by a very small minority of super rich individuals .
This reality contrasts so drastically with the " equal opportunity " , " equal prosperity " concepts fed to the bottom 90 % and the world at large , that statistics such as these have had to be suppressed .
Again , there is no misprint .
The only deceit involved is that the bottom 90 % have been purposely kept in the dark about wealth distribution realities .
( Part 4 ) Hidden Permanent Prosperity For The Rich
If you were unaware of the severity of wealth distribution inequities , then you are probably in for an even bigger surprise to learn that the rate , at which the economic elite are getting richer , is simply astounding .
Statistics published in Forbes magazine 's annual survey of America 's billionaires expose this little known but shocking reality .
In 1982 there were 13 billionaires ; in 1983 .... 15 ; in 1984 .... 12 ; in 1985 ....13 ; in 1986 .... 26 ; in 1987 .... 49 .
Note carefully that prior to 1986 the number of American billionaires had averaged around 13 .
Then the Reagan administration drastically altered the wealth distribution patterns by introducing new tax legislation favoring the top 1 % .
In 1986 the number of billionaires DOUBLED , and by 1987 the number of billionaires had virtually QUADRUPLED to 49 !!
By 1988 , there were 68 individuals or families that each had net wealth in excess of $ 1,000,000,000 .
By 1989 , the number had risen precipitously to 82 .
And by 1990 , the Forbes survey reported the staggering total of 99 !!
{ B3} With favorable tax laws in place , the super rich can enjoy bonanza years even during recessions !!
The tax laws that allowed this to happen are still in place , and will remain in place till enough people get sufficiently concerned to insist that they be changed .
What should cause the American people to sit up and take notice , once and for all , is the fact that this explosion of wealth took place during a period when : 1 . The stock market crashed harder than in 1929 .
2. Hundreds of American banks and Savings and Loan thrift institutions declared bankruptcy and saddled the taxpayer with a debt to pay that may ultimately exceed $ 500 billion dollars .
3 . Thousands of farmers lost farms that had been in the their families for generations .
4. Millions lost their jobs .
5 . Wage earners were having to take massive pay cuts and reductions to their benefits .
6. Social programs and health and education programs were being drastically cut back or terminated .
7 . Waves of pan-handlers were flooding onto the streets .
8. Shelters for the homeless , and grocery handout centers were springing up like mushrooms in practically every city throughout the nation .
It should not take an Einstein to observe that equal opportunity , and equitable prosperity is an outright hoax for all but a small minority .
Unlike Britain , France , and Germany which can point to their Feudal pasts to explain their existing wealth distribution inequities , America can point to no such excuse !
The American economic elite have established Feudal wealth distribution inequities equal to , and even surpassing their European counterparts ( the monarchs and the landed aristocracy ) , in just 200 years !!
We have been brainwashed into believing that the super rich are so few in number that they and their wealth can be safely ignored .
In reality , they directly and significantly affect everyone else 's standard of living , and will continue to do so as long as their power and influence remain unrecognized , and unchallenged .
This explosion of wealth for America 's super rich has immense significance not only for society as a whole , but especially for the bottom 90 % .
Many of those in the bottom 90 % who accepted pay cuts and decreases to their employment benefits , did so because they had been led to believe that everyone else was also feeling the pinch .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
What is being successfully hidden from public awareness is the fact that the widening gap between the haves and the have - nots is an ongoing process , and one which is running even now at full throttle .
The extent to which the bottom 90 % are being successfully deceived can be made more obvious by noting just how the current economic bad times are affecting American billionaires .
A good example , but not necessarily a typical one , is Sam Walton and family , who increased their wealth by $ 2,300,000,000 ( from $ 6.7 billion to approximately $ 9 billion ) , in a twelve month period , from the time Fortune magazine took their 1988 survey , to the time they took their 1989 survey .
For those who believe that the rich pay high taxes , Sam 's pre-tax profits had to have been considerably higher than $ 2.3 billion .
Even a 25 % tax rate would put his pre-tax profits in excess of $ 3,000,000,000 for a 12 month period !!!
If you think that movie theater prices are exorbitant , or feel that " pay TV " prices are unreasonable , then perhaps you ought to have a word with Mr. Sumner Murray Redstone whose fortune increased by $ 1,480,000,000 ( from $ 1.4 billion to a hair under $ 3 billion ) in the same twelve month period .
His name surfaces attached to entities like Twentieth Century Fox , Columbia Pictures , MGM / United Artists , or " pay TV " entities such as Showtime , The Movie Channel , and MTV .
Fortune magazine 's own comment was : " That 's a compound annual rate of return of about 132 % " .
Or perhaps you would liked to have purchased a cellular telephone , but found them too expensive ?
Try talking Mr. John Werner Kluge into taking less profit .
After all , his wealth increased by a cool $ 2,000,000,000 ( $ 2 Billion ) just last year . {B4}
For those unused to thinking in terms of hundreds of millions , not to speak of billions , let 's take a moment to digest the significance of this magnitude of wealth .
To begin with , a simple 10 percent interest on just one billion dollars amounts to $ 100,000,000 ( one hundred million dollars ) in interest alone per year .
From a working person 's perspective , it would take 100 lifetimes , ( of 40 working years each ) , for a person earning $ 25,000 per year to earn the amount of income each of our billionaires can earn in interest , per billion , per year .
( without lifting a finger )
Who pays for these previously mentioned profits ?
You of course , through an unnecessarily high cost of living ( high cost of goods and services , high bank interest rates and inflated real estate prices , etc. ) .
It is worth keeping in mind that before families like the Carnegies , Rockefellers , Morgans , Vanderbilts , and others of similar ilk used PR campaigns and some supposedly philanthropic donations to help convince Americans of their social nobility , they were commonly known as " robber barons " .
Consequently , it should come as no surprise that in recognition of the widespread use of tax - deductible methods of purchasing civic respectability , Ralph Waldo Emerson defined a philanthropist as a man who gives away what he should be giving back .
In short , fantastic wealth is being generated virtually all the time , but the bulk of it is being skimmed off by the wealthy while the working class are kept on a relatively minimum standard of living to help fuel the illusion of ongoing hard - times .
To avoid showing the rest of the nation the amount of money they have managed to amass , and to further avoid paying taxes , some of their corporations are registered in out of the way playboy tax havens like the Bahamas .
In addition , they keep much of their money in specially numbered secret bank accounts ( no questions asked , no information given ) , in countries such as the Bahamas , Switzerland , or Liechtenstein , whose banking communities have grown fat by obligingly taking on the role of laundering and safely storing secret treasures for some of the world 's wealthiest thieves and criminals .
In fact , the August 21 1989 issue of Insight magazine fully exposed just how cheaply and easily a money laundering network can be set up .
{B5} People who work from nine to five everyday do n't have the time to waste thinking about the activities of these jet setters and playboys .
Because of economic segregation , most nine to fivers have never even met such a person .
Quite often the elite have their own jets , and seek obscurity behind tinted limousine windows .
For the most part , the elite who rule America from behind the scenes , purposely go out of their way to maintain extremely low profiles .
Why ?
Because neither their fortunes nor their business transactions would stand up well to public scrutiny .
Media owners , who belong to the richest echelons of our society , cooperate with their peers to ensure that their profiles remain as low as they wish .
Laws that were supposedly enacted to protect the privacy of individuals , have certainly served the purpose of keeping the general public largely ignorant of the shocking realities of wealth distribution inequities .
In effect , the economic elite are effectively making fools of 90 % of society 's so - called equals .
Not surprisingly , their lobbying power has ensured that inheritance laws allow fortunes to remain virtually intact from generation to generation .
( Part 5 ) Subsistence for the Working Class
The old Feudal system based on economic and social class discrimination , which was supposedly left behind centuries ago , has in fact not gone away .
It has only been made to appear as if it had .
For example , from poor humble beginnings in servile poverty , the feudal serf rose phoenix - like to a minimum wage which now allows him to afford a standard of living just under the poverty level .
American society has plenty of them , and their numbers are growing all the time .
The Census Bureau acknowledges not only that 32.5 million Americans are living below the poverty level , but that less than a third receive welfare assistance !
{ B6} Perhaps the most tragic aspect of all is that in 1986 , two million adults who lived below the poverty level held full - time jobs !!
{ B7} Can any ethical government expect its citizens to spend 40 hours a week working to earn a living BELOW the poverty level ?
Surely , this is an insult to human dignity .
Back in 1981 , a full 36 % of workers paid on an hourly basis received the minimum wage , or within a dollar of the minimum wage !!
{ B8 } The hardest hit are America 's youth .
Since 1973 , the poverty rate for the under - 30 group has nearly doubled to 22 % . { B9 }
Those working in a restaurant for minimum wage sometimes get to take home some of the leftovers , but if they make beds and empty urinals in a hospital , they probably could n't afford to catch anything from the people they work around .
Why ?
Because they would have to work for at least three weeks to pay for a single day 's hospitalization .
Medicare costs have risen an average of 8.5 % per year since 1984 .
{ B10 } By 1987 , more than 11 million children had no health insurance .
{ B11}
What makes the situation even more shameful is that of the 37 million Americans who entered the 1990's with no medical coverage , the majority were employed !
{ B12}
The fact that health care is becoming an unaffordable luxury in America is made more evident when one becomes aware that America ranks 20th in infant mortality behind Spain and Singapore .
The shocking truth is that almost 40,000 of the 3.8 million children born in America in 1986 died before their first birthday !!
{ B13} Moreover , on any given night in America , there are approximately 100,000 homeless children .
{ B14 }
This figure may be seriously understated because a group of San Francisco lawyers known as " Public Advocates " estimate that in the San Francisco area alone there are 48,000 homeless and that more than 10,000 of that number are children .
Why so many homeless ?
Simply because Capitalism practically demands homelessness .
The self - regulating market forces of supply and demand , that America so proudly markets to the world , dictate that builders have little or no incentive to build housing for people with little or no money , but plenty of incentive to build more office space for wealthy corporations despite the fact that 100,000 homeless American children are growing up socially and economically deprived in a country which has had a nationwide office space vacancy rate of 18 % for the last five years !!!
In Manhattan for example , 8.9 million additional square feet of newly completed office space came on - line last year , but only 2.5 million square feet of it was rented .
{ B15} Another cause of the homelessness can be traced back to unemployment .
Unemployment ( Exported Jobs , Imported Cheap Labor )
The root causes are extremely important , and to appreciate them let 's think back to the 50's once more .
Back then prosperity seemed within everyone 's reach .
Homes were beginning to sprout two car garages , and practically everyone 's standard of living was on the rise .
Here 's what changed all that .
The prosperity of the 50's that generated and fueled the American Dream , occurred because American corporations were employing American workers .
Now , they hire the 3rd World .
Because the American economy was booming at that time , and much money was being made , organized labor began to demand a fairer share of the prosperity .
American corporations reacted by shutting down their American plants , and building their non-military related factories and manufacturing installations in Second and Third World countries .
Tax legislation allowed the elite to write off the costs of building their factories abroad .
In effect , taxpayers have paid for virtually all the American owned factories abroad !
By doing so , the corporations were not only robbing North America of much needed employment opportunities , but were simultaneously exploiting the cheap labor and natural resources of poorer nations in the latest version of colonial exploitation .
American corporations still help white South Africans to exploit and repress the blacks .
Moreover , the success of the anti-apartheid movement , since the 50's , displeased many of the corporate elite because they knew that eventually even the blacks would belong to organized labor groups , and that the days of cheap black labor were obviously numbered .
This development greatly accelerated the practice of shutting down factories and industries in America and rebuilding them in Third World countries to take advantage of the remaining pools of cheap unorganized labor .
The industrial exodus caused such a shortage of jobs for unskilled and semi-skilled men , that more and more women were obliged to enter the work force to enable families to cope economically .
On average , women have been paid from 65 % - 70 % of what men earn for the same job .
{ B16} Today , employers are still trying to discriminate against women , with regard to salary equality and career opportunities , in an effort to keep women as a cheaper source of labor than men .
Newsweek pointed out in its March 13 1989 issue , there are now about 140 million Americans between the ages of 20 to 64 , and a staggering 30 million of these individuals are unemployed !
{ B17} But , just as the government hides much of its deficit " off budget " , so it has ways of excluding many of the unemployed from its official figures .
Those who have quite literally given up looking for work do n't even get included in the government 's seasonally adjusted unemployment figures , so the true picture of reality remains hidden .
For political expediency , unemployment figures can be deceivingly and artificially reduced when required , at taxpayer expense again , through " make work " programs .
Nevertheless , jobs are being constantly exported .
According to Department of Labor statistics , the blue - collar factory work force decreased by 11 % in the last decade alone .
{ B18} General Motors provides an excellent example of a corporation which deserted the American work force for cheap labor abroad .
The current movie " Roger and Me " , which deals with the after effects of General Motors laying off over 32,000 employees in Flint Michigan , should help to draw attention to the problem .
{ B19 } The American textile industry is currently in the process of relocating to places like South Korea where the cost of skilled garment industry workers is about $ 2.50 per hour , which is less than the American minimum wage .
General Electric too is preparing a deal to buy 50 % ( plus one share ) of Tungsram , an Hungarian manufacturer of light bulbs .
With Hungary 's average wage at 81 cents per hour , G.E. 's loyalty to the American work force will pan out to be just another of the illusions that Americans must shed .
Chicago - based Schwinn Bicycle Co. , and Guardian Industries , a Michigan - based glassmaker have already taken the plunge .
With the widespread demand in Eastern European countries like Poland , Hungary , and Czechoslovakia for a taste of capitalism , it wo n't be long before we begin importing name brand bicycles , fridges , etc. , instead of employing Americans to make them .
The rush to do so will most likely intensify before the unification of Western Europe takes place in 1992 .
In Poland , the cost of labor is even cheaper , a mere $ 40 per month .
{ B20 } However , Americans should keep in mind that where wages are low , cost of living is usually correspondingly lower .
In other words , Poles do n't have to fork out $ 300 - $ 500 per month in rent .
In 1988 alone , spending by overseas subsidiaries of American firms increased by 23 % to $ 42.3 billion .
{ B21}
Not only were the taxpayers footing the bill , lower labor rates gave them higher profits .
On top of that , the elite were often able to negotiate tax advantages with the foreign countries , so all in all , it has been a case of " to hell with the American work force " .
The economic elite have such a strong control over public opinion and government in the West , that they knew they could virtually abandon their own populations , and allow the standard of living to deteriorate because the desirability of Communism and even Socialism has already been virtually purged out of the psyche of the Western mind .
However , the elite know they will have to put up with a growing amount of grumbling .
But because they control the government and the media , they will safely be able to allow the standard of living in America to gradually drop to the point that it approaches the rising standard of living among the developing nations .
Another method the elite have been using to maintain a downward pressure on American wages has been to make sure that almost all immigrants coming to America come from the cheap labor countries .
Even though practically all the immigrants now coming to America fit this description , there is a push on to accelerate this process .
Despite the existence of 30 million eligible unemployed Americans , the Deputy Editor in chief of Forbes magazine , M.S. Forbes Jr. , editorialized in the Jan 8 1990 edition that the nation was actually suffering from a " People shortage " .
He went on to add that , " There are not enough young people entering the labor force .
We badly need to revamp our immigration laws so that many more hardworking foreigners from Europe and elsewhere can come here . "
{B22} Not surprisingly , an article also appeared in the Jan 29 1990 issue of Fortune magazine entitled " Let 's change the immigration law - now " .
The article started out by saying " Millions of Eastern Europeans and Soviets - educated and talented for the most part - are likely to try to start fresh lives in the West ... "
The latter article also clearly pointed out that in the last decade , the greatest number of immigrants to America have been ... Mexicans , then Asians , and then immigrants from Central and South America .
These people enter the country desperate for jobs and willing to take minimum wage payment for ever increasing levels of skilled work .
Of course they are not to be blamed for driving down the cost of labor nation - wide , it is the elite who are purposely pushing to change the existing laws to be able to flood the American labor market with even cheaper labor from Romania , Hungary , etc .
( who by the way have received better education on average than their equivalents in America ) .
{ B23 }
Where do all the homeless come from ?
At least part of the 30 million unemployed and disillusioned Americans between the ages of 20 and 64 would probably sooner be unemployed than work for a humiliating and disgraceful minimum wage , while the white collared elite drive the streets in their Rolls Royces having milked the economy of hundred of millions and even billions in a single year !!!
Despite this , on June 13 1989 , George Bush hastily vetoed Congress 's bill to raise the minimum wage from $ 3.35 to $ 4.55 over a three year period .
{ B24} Mrs. Dole , Bush 's labor secretary , argued on behalf of the elite that doing so would result in 650,000 fewer jobs .
This obviously implies that spoiled employers would sooner fire 650,000 employees than pay them a minimum wage of $ 4.55 per hour .
To compensate for this , she is also trying to introduce a compulsory six - month " training period " during which the " new hire " would receive sub - minimum wage !!
However , this would only provide incentive for employers to dismiss their minimum wage workers and use wherever possible the sub - minimum wage " new hires in training " .
Some employers would retire long before they kept a candidate longer than six months .
{ B25}
In future , semi-skilled and skilled factory work will be done increasingly by robots , by cheaper labor abroad , or by importing cheap labor from abroad .
As long as corporate America continues it 's industrial expansion abroad while reducing it 's industrial base at home , unemployment will only get worse .
With a shortage of jobs , and an over - abundance of labor , employers will continue to hire unorganized labor who are willing to work for substandard wages .
Should anyone wonder why so many youths have given up on the system and turned to pushing drugs to survive ?
No doubt the elite would wish to have all the new immigrants enrolled immediately in sub-minimum wage training programs .
Notch one up for the " Feudalists in pinstripes " .
Incentive for corporate America to purchase American labor will probably only resume again when the price of American labor drops to the point that it competes favorably with the cost of the cheapest foreign or imported labor .
American Slavery in the 1990's
The exploitation of blacks in America is still evident from the fact that there was a higher ratio of blacks to whites in military service in Vietnam , than the normal ratio of blacks to whites in the population .
In many states the infant mortality rate for non-whites is often double the rate for white infants .
{ B26}
In a similar way , the black to white ratios involved with unemployment figures reveal as much about the truth concerning our whitewashed reality .
Only 44 of the 752 Federal judges are black .
The number would be abysmally lower if Jimmy Carter had not nominated 37 of them himself .
{ B27} More importantly , blacks account for 11 % of America 's voters , but only one and a half percent of its elected officials are black .
{ B28} Meanwhile , David Duke , the former Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan , who also dabbles in neo - Nazi white supremacy movements , not only ran in February 1989 as a Republican candidate in New Orleans , Louisiana ; he won !!
His goal now is to become a Louisiana senator .
{ B29 }
But hey , it 's not all doom and gloom .
American blacks have definitely made progress over their counterparts in South Africa , whose lot seems to have remained on a par with that of English feudal serfs .
Mind you , they are still confined to the servants ' quarters , which are now called " homelands " .
" Homelands " , per se , do n't exist in America , but many who live in the black ghettoes found in most American cities , would probably wish to hotly debate that issue .
In any case , since the 50's , much of the discrimination practiced against the blacks has disappeared .
Nevertheless , feudal slave tactics still persist within the United States , but are largely overlooked because the American psyche has been conditioned to acknowledge slavery only when it comes in black .
Industries in Texas and Southern California have been paying slave wages for decades to Mexicans who had entered the country illegally .
The garment industry in Southern California was still thriving in the 1980's by running sweat shops which used this labor pool .
These Mexicans have been completely at the mercy of their modern Feudal lords who could totally abuse them , fire them , or have them deported if they dared to protest about their wages or working conditions .
Everyone knew about the sweat shops but little was done about them , because all the right palms had been greased .
Everyone was turning a blind eye until the 60 Minutes TV show brought their plight to the nation 's awareness .
The government was no longer able to turn a blind eye , so it provided the next best concession for the sweat shop owners , it offered conditional amnesty to the Mexicans who were already living in the States , so that the affected industries would not be put out of business by the sudden loss of its sizable work force .
Of course this meant that sweat shop owners would have to pay the newly legalized Mexicans the minimum wage , and it certainly defused the issue nationally , but it probably wo n't prevent them from hiring future illegal Mexicans at the old rates .
In fact a few days after George Bush had returned the Republicans to office , legislation was passed to allow garment industry workers in the South West to work at home .
This practice , which will throw open the slavery floodgates once more , had been outlawed for the last 40 years .
Ever since the serf gained the right to be called a free man , the wealthiest 1 percent have been using the time to regain ground initially lost .
They seem more determined than ever to maintain the old order .
One way of doing this is to purposely maintain a poorly educated work force .
Maintaining a Poorly Educated Work Force
It has been argued that if all the wealth of our billionaires were equally redistributed among the poorer classes , ... within a short time , the wealth would again be concentrated within the hands of the few .
I would even tend to agree with that hypothesis .
However , if the money were used to provide free education for all students , to the limits of their mental abilities , I would be reluctant to jump to the same conclusion .
The scenario parallels the futility of providing only food to the starving 3rd world peoples , as opposed to providing them with the education and means to provide their own food .
EDUCATION BRINGS WITH IT FREEDOM AND POWER .
The minority of white South Africans , who dominate , not only prevent the blacks from forming effective opposition groups , they keep them poorly educated and deny them the right to vote .
As a result , South African unskilled labor has historically remained cheap .
Capitalists in other countries have also gone out of their way to maintain an ignorant working class .
For example , there was an understood , unwritten agreement among early American feudal lords , not to teach their black servants , ( slaves ) to read or write ; in South Africa there have even been laws to enforce the policy .
Nowadays , survey after survey exposes that American schools are graduating functional illiterates .
Because the level of education is rising in many less developed countries , corporate America is finding that it can relocate even more sophisticated levels of non-military related industrialization into Second and Third World countries to take advantage of the world 's remaining slave labor pools .
Consequently the elite have less need of educating the American work force , and have stepped up their lobbying pressure to divert tax dollars away from education , and into other areas that benefit themselves more , namely Star Wars military spending , and corporate welfare .
Unlike the defense budget , federal spending on education has been reduced from 9 % in 1980 , to 6 % now .
Mr. Bush intends to spend some $ 200 million less on education than did Mr. Reagan .
{ B30 } After all , educated people expect a better standard of living , and will be vocal if denied their due .
In short , they are not as easy to manage or to hoodwink .
Is it an accident that the American education system is graduating functional illiterates , and that much needed money for education is being diverted to benefit the super - rich ?
I think not .
Before the nation is forced to declare evening curfews ( for youths 18 and under ) in cities other than Washington DC , two facts should be widely acknowledged .
First that two - thirds of U.S. prison inmates are high school dropouts , and secondly , that it costs $ 5000 per year to send a child through public school , and $ 14,000 a year to keep a prisoner in jail .
{ B31}
The Reality Underlying the Myth of Equality
The previously mentioned socially regressive behavior involving physical and economic slavery in its various forms only persists because there are some among us who cannot accept the concept of equality and brotherhood .
Instead they choose to take as much of the nation 's wealth as they can possibly get away with , even though other peoples ' basic needs are not being met .
Even though most of us are richer than serfs of some other countries , we are still serfs within our own society .
When I see beggars on the streets , I see serfs .
When I see lineups for grocery handouts , I see serfs .
When I see people who can't afford dental , medical , or legal services , I see serfs .
When I see heads of households who are involuntarily unemployed , I see serfs .
When I see workers on minimum wage , I see serfs
When I see working people who can't afford to buy a home , I see serfs .
When I see families who still do n't own their homes after 20 years of payments , I see serfs .
The bottom 90 % have been sold , and continue to be sold a severely distorted image of America through the media .
The image of themselves as a huge middle class simply does not concur with reality .
To assist in the illusion , the bottom 90 % have been encouraged to believe that doctors , dentists , engineers , etc. , comprise the " upper class " .
Not surprisingly , working professionals have also been encouraged to think of themselves as the upper class .
The fact of the matter is that these working professionals statistically fall into the bottom 90 % of society .
They may be , relatively speaking , upper class compared to the non-professionals , but in the overall wealth distribution picture , they are still " working class " when compared to the " real upper economic class " .
The average person who belongs to the bottom 90 % , professional and non-professional alike , need n't blame himself or herself for missing the boat , because the economic elite of former generations used their power and influence to set up a complex system whereby just enough wealth is doled out using tax laws and tax shelters to produce just enough YUPPIES and comfortably off people ( like many of our " so - called upper class " doctors , engineers , etc. , ) , to keep alive the totally erroneous notion that these individuals constitute the upper economic class .
The secret , completely understood by the elite , is that by providing a fairly comfortable living for the educated professional , they could completely remove the threat of widespread dissension , by appeasing the class of citizens most able to spearhead a movement to upset Feudal conditions .
... Throw the family dog a steak , and you can rob the house in peace .
Recognizing the Feudal Aspects of Capitalism
For the most part , the non-professional 's income just meets the cost of a basic standard of living .
Taxes , interest rates , wages , and the cost of living are all monitored and juggled very carefully so that government can tax away the bulk of income which exceeds the cost of living .
Non-professionals who form the bulk of the bottom 90 % are kept in check by the illusion that the upper class is in view , but just out of reach .
The shocking truth is that American society is based on a FEUDAL wealth distribution system , wherein the richest one percent are equivalent to the Feudal monarchs , the next nine percent are equivalent to the land owning aristocracy of Feudal times , and the bottom 90 % are still being exploited as serfs to supply cheap labor so that the wealthy can exploit the nation 's resources for their own personal benefit .
What 's worse is that the bottom 90 % have been successfully and cunningly kept ignorant of that situation .
Anyone making less than $ 40,000 is relatively speaking one of the SYSTEM'S WORK HORSES .
Anyone on minimum wage is a SLAVE WITHOUT CHAINS .
Any family bread winner not purposely unemployed is a VICTIM .
So many aspects of modern Western society trace directly back to Feudal society , that an appreciation of our problems would be incomplete with briefly reviewing how and why Feudalism arose .
The Origins and Nature of Feudalism > From the dawn of time , the strongest animal or animals within an animal group have spearheaded the group 's defense .
Normally this service is acknowledged by the rest of the group 's members , and rightly so .
But , while we can acknowledge indebtedness to our ancestors whose success at " dominating " made possible our survival as a species into the 21st century , it is important to keep in mind the distinction between " domination " and " leadership " .
By domination , I refer to the case where those in power abuse their power to exploit those with less power than themselves .
Even back in our cave dwelling days , the need to cooperate for survival sake probably kept domination within a group to a minimum .
Cave dwelling leaders almost certainly acted to protect their family groups , and heads of family groups no doubt bonded together to defend whole communities .
However , as the danger posed by other species gradually tapered off , the survival of the fittest quality of " domination " should have tapered off as well .
Unfortunately , the trait persisted in the absence of predators .
Feudal monarchs provide an excellent example of this type of domination .
They certainly assumed absolute authority for the defense of their empires .
But as Lord Acton pointed out , power corrupts , and absolute power corrupts absolutely .
Somewhere along the way , the power and responsibilities of the role were abused to the extent that society 's defenders took it on themselves to extend their dominance to include ownership of all communal assets .
At that point ...
ECONOMIC FEUDALISM WAS BORN !
> From defenders , they became rulers who personally claimed all the communal property except that which they chose to give away to buy loyalty .
In effect they dominated their subjects in much the same way as dictators do today .
In order to maintain their position of dominance , the monarchs divided their kingdoms into feudal states and gave away large tracts of land within each of these areas to relatives and trusted friends to gain their loyalty and military support when needed .
To defend their new domains , these wealthy landowners assembled armies , and built fortified castles , over which they ruled like MINOR KINGS in their own right .
Needless to say , the monarchs only gave away as much land and delegated authority to the degree they thought was necessary to ensure their own dominance .
In a similar way but to a lesser extent , the landed aristocracy had to do the same within their own castles to also ensure their continued domination over the subjects under their control .
Throughout the country , the social order was based rigidly on class differences .
Within the landowners ' castle walls lived the landowners , their relatives , and their most valuable subjects .
( the law enforcers , the merchants and the craftsmen )
However , the landless peasants were forced to live outside the walls where they served as watchdogs in case of sneak attacks by the landlords ' enemies .
Authority from the king allowed the aristocracy to exploit the serfs by putting them all to work and then taxing away the fruit of their labor .
By making the landless peasants conform to a rigid pattern of subservience , the aristocracy could use them to perform any and every function that might enhance their own well - being , while only minimally meeting the serfs ' basic needs .
In other words , they used them in much the same way as their other beasts of burden .
After taxes , many subjects like the peasant farmers , were left with only a minimum of food and provisions to carry on their lives of servitude .
The horses and cows usually ended up with a greater share of the harvest than these poor clods .
Dust unto dust seemed to more accurately describe their fate .
So , if you belonged to the top 5 percent of feudal society , chances are you had gold pouring out of your ears .
If you did n't , it was the equivalent of being dropped on your head at birth .
As the landed aristocracy grew stronger , the power of the monarchs diminished , but both the monarchs and the aristocracy continued to act as social parasites by taxing the serfs to the brink of poverty , thus keeping peasants basically powerless and subservient .
Eventually though , to avoid a revolt such as the French monarchs experienced , the ruling class had to introduce laws that appeared to recognize some rights of the peasants .
But despite the introduction of democracy , the monarchs and aristocracy exerted their power and influence in parliament to have legislation passed that ensured their fortunes remained intact , which in turn kept most of their power intact .
Interestingly enough , there still seem to be quite a few class conscious , and very wealthy Kings and Queens hanging on , who are actually the direct descendants of the monarchs of feudal days , and who seem to have kept their fortunes relatively intact .
Queens still reign in Britain , Denmark , and Holland , while Kings still reign in Belgium , Spain , Norway , and Sweden .
Although most look on modern day monarchs as figureheads , their wealth and influence must not be underestimated .
Queen Elizabeth is still the richest woman in the world .
The South Africans and the Irish are both actively trying to cast off the burden of Feudal overlords .
From English Feudalism to American Feudalism America on the other hand chose not a monarch but a President who can veto the will of a popularly elected Congress .
Ironically or not , George Bush is nevertheless the 13th cousin ( twice removed ) of Queen Elizabeth .
In Western society today , billionaire power wielders determine both the domestic and foreign policies , but they do so from behind the scenes , and of course like the kings before them , they feel justified in claiming as much of the communal wealth as they wish .
As far as the economic elite are concerned , national wealth is not treated as communal wealth .
Many are the descendants of the great landowners of old , and of the super wealthy merchant class .
The distinction between these two groups has largely disappeared , and we seem to be left with a hybrid group which embraces international commerce , while holding vast fortunes in real estate .
For the most part they are comprised of the majority shareholders who serve on the board of directors of large corporations .
The mega -rich can serve as board members on numerous corporate boards simultaneously , thereby creating interlocking relationships and interests among the corporations .
This low profile elitist community maintains a highly efficient , interconnected , local and international network of communications and control that , for all intents and purposes , completely avoids public scrutiny .
Corporate America meets behind closed doors to cut secret deals and formulate powerful chess - like strategies that affect the daily lives of everyone in society .
Moreover , they have seen to it that a range of special privileges exists , not only for their own benefit , but as a means of winning political support from all those who envy their lop - sided share of the nation 's wealth .
Such privileges , ( memberships in exclusive country clubs , unlimited travel , vehicles , planes , business subsidies and loans , tariff protection , price guarantees , etc. etc. ) are all made accessible in addition to tax avoidance methods , and tax shelters , that the bottom 90 % do n't even make enough money to use .
Neocolonialism
If a country 's wealth is divided amongst its citizens along Feudal wealth distribution lines , then that country functions as a Feudal domain , whether or not it attempts to conceal the fact with a democratic veneer , or any other veneer for that matter .
Colonialism is really only Feudalism practiced abroad .
In response to a wave of independence movements which swept the globe in the late 40's , the great colonial powers were forced to withdraw many of their political representatives as well as their military occupation forces .
Because this occurred , historians and the media were quick to announce that the colonial era had ended .
However , the more determined colonialists simply installed puppet governments in the 3rd World countries which gladly signed defense treaties which allowed the colonialists to re-install their military occupation forces .
Despite the superficial changes , both Feudalism and Colonialism are very much alive and well today .
However , colonial exploitation did , at least for a time , decline .
This decline triggered off a decline in the standard of living in the West for a couple of reasons .
First of all , as the level of colonial exploitation was reduced globally , the spillover benefits of colonialism were reduced for all Western citizens .
Even more importantly , the colonialists ( i.e. the Feudalists ) increasingly redirected the focus of their exploitation toward their own populations in an effort to make up for lost colonial revenue !
Not only is exploitation in the 3rd World now worse than in the 40's , it 's worse in the 1st World too !!
Since the 50s , the planet has in effect , been enduring an era of social regression caused by the widespread proliferation of the new and more subtle forms of both Feudalism and Colonialism .
It is also extremely important to keep in mind that the conditions referred to throughout the book pertain not just to America , but to virtually all the capitalist democracies , ... England , Canada , Israel , Scotland , West Germany , South Africa , Ireland , India , Australia , New Zealand , Japan , etc. , as well as to all the other countries ruled by economically elite minorities .
They are all functioning like separate Feudal empires .
A Look At 10 Western Nations
To show how widespread feudal wealth distribution conditions are , we will compare the wealth distribution statistics for ten ( 10 ) Western nations .
The data was extracted from data submitted to the Royal Commission on the Distribution of Income and Wealth prepared in 1979 for the British Monarchy .
{B32} The distribution patterns of the 60's and 70's have been chosen to provide a valuable yardstick with which to begin an evaluation of our present condition .
The statistics will show how things were in the 60's and 70's , and then by knowing what has happened in the last decade , it will be perfectly clear not only where America is headed , but why immediate action is so necessary .
When the comparative study was carried out in 1979 , the information gathered was the latest available from each country .
The studies have traditionally been carried out infrequently probably to avoid any unnecessary risk of the information becoming part of the public awareness , and hence a topic of popular concern .
During the 60's and 70's , the richest 1 % owned an average of 25 % of the total national wealth ; the richest 5 % about 45 % of the wealth ; and the richest 10 % about 60 % of the wealth ; ... in virtually each of the Western nations .
Although statistics were not available for larger percentages of the population for each country in the study , another even more startling picture emerged from the data that was available .
That data is shown below .
In Belgium the richest 50 % owned 90.8 %
In France the richest 50 % owned 96.3 %
In W. Germany the richest 50 % owned 79.2 %
In New Zealand the richest 55.5 % owned 99.9 %
In Ireland the richest 30 % owned 97.4 %
The shocking truth is that the poorest 50 % of the citizens of Western societies share little more than the elite 's table scraps , with the evidence pointing to often even less than 5 % of the total wealth .
The New York Times reported that a recent study found the top 1 % have increased their share to about 35 % , whereas the share of wealth COLLECTIVELY belonging to the bottom 90 % had dropped to about 34 % !!
However , a similar study carried out by the University of Michigan estimated the richest 1 % now own 50 % , and the bottom 90 % get to share only a meager 16 % of the nation 's total wealth !!
This latter study translates into the fact that the top 1 % may now own three times as much as the bottom 90 % own collectively !!
To make things worse , the rate at which the rich are getting richer and the poor get poorer , ... is accelerating .
To help the reader appreciate that the economic problems discussed are by no means unique to America , we will briefly refer to Canada instead of America to continue the study .
Canada provides a dramatic example of profit disappearing into the woodwork , or more accurately into the bank accounts of the richest one percent .
Canada ( Another Typical Feudal Economy )
Being the largest country in the world , Canada has an enormous amount of natural resources .
Her vast reserves of forests have been logged repeatedly .
Her uranium resources have been tapped for nearly half a century .
Much of her mineral resources have been extracted already , not to mention the Alberta oil wealth and the prairie wheat , and of course the untold fortunes of fish hauled off her East and West coasts .
The country has an abundance of hydroelectric power , and exports nuclear technology .
She has a thriving industrial base , and her resource of fresh water should soon become an unexpected gold mine .
Incidentally , Canada has plenty of excellent gold mines , and untold amounts of nickel have been extracted as well .
I could go on but it should be clear by now that Canada 's vast resources have already been well exploited .
A person from any 2nd or 3rd world country would expect our streets to be paved with gold , because Canada 's population is only 25 million !
Instead , the prospect of owning a home is growing steadily more remote for many young people .
You 'd wonder why , because there exists such an abundance of forests .
The truth of the matter is that Canadians have to pay world prices for the timber products .
Not only that , the best timber is exported ( to enrich the wealthy few ) , so the wood used inside Canadian homes is more often than not the dregs of the industry .
Some young families with two incomes are even battling to afford an apartment .
Many do n't even own their own cars , and some have serious debts .
Like gas stations , the local Macdonald 's fast food outlets are never very far away .
But very few Canadians are even aware that with 1100 charity food banks nationwide , Canada has twice as many food banks as Macdonalds fast food outlets !!
Plenty of people line up each week at special grocery handout centers that are often conveniently located off the main streets , where the long lineups wo n't interfere with pedestrians or traffic , and where this shameful show of wealth distribution wo n't be too readily observed .
In the large cities there are plenty of people who sleep in doorways and parks , and can be seen pushing around their life 's possessions in supermarket buggies .
How is this possible ?
What has happened to the past profits generated in our Western countries ?
Fortune magazine 's 1988 list of the world 's top 10 billionaires indicates that three of the 10 richest families in the world are Canadians .
Furthermore , it indicates that Toronto 's Reichmann family alone increased their wealth in the preceding year from 5 billion to 6.3 billion dollars , a staggering increase of 1.3 billion , which represents a 26 percent increase in assets during that one year period .
{ B33 }
When the Queen of England , the world 's richest female billionaire who has also derived wealth from Canada , is taken into consideration , then the number of the world 's top ten billionaires who have directly exploited Canada 's resources for their personal benefit increases to 4 out of 10 .
And last but not least , we ought to give mention as well to another billionaire Sir James Goldsmith , of London England , who owns 2.5 million acres of North American timberland , which is just a half million acres less than the 3 million acres owned by the Canadian billionaire Kenneth Colin Irving .
{ B34} { B35} Globally , the speed at which wealth and power is being concentrated in the hands of a very small minority of economic elite has intensified at an alarming rate .
Does anyone need to hire a financial analyst to see a correlation between the wealth accumulated by billionaires , and the grocery handout centers and soup kitchens ?
Keep in mind that the same story is being played out in all the other countries dominated by an economic elite .
The bottom 90 percent are being systematically milked , and the cream is being skimmed off by the folks at the top .
We need to take steps to homogenize the economic classes .
The inequities in wealth distribution that originally prompted the formation of trade unions are now being overlooked in the rush to say unions today have gotten too powerful and are demanding too much .
Do n't forget , it would still have taken 433,000 so called " greedy unionists " to have been able to save $ 3,000 each in 1987 , to have collectively benefited as much as the Reichmann family .
Feudalism ... A Progress Report
In case there are any readers left who doubt that the rich are getting richer while the poor are getting poorer , information from the US Census Bureau should remove any doubt whatsoever .
The following statistics bear mute witness to the feudal realities that have taken place during the 80's .
SINCE 1979 , Reagan 's pro-elite administration increased the inequities dramatically .
The top 20 % of the population increased their income by approximately 10 % , while the bottom 20 % of the population saw their income decline by approximately 22 % !!
The reality suggested by these statistics is so alarming , that it may for some even appear untrue .
Because of this , some previously mentioned facts deserve being retold .
There are now about 140 million Americans between the ages of 20 to 64 , and a staggering 30 million of these individuals are not working !
{ B36}
Since 1980 , the blue - collar work force has decreased by 11 % . { B37}
In 1988 alone , spending by overseas subsidiaries of American firms increased by 23 % to $ 42.3 billion !! { B38}
Less than a third of the 32.5 million Americans living below the poverty level receive welfare assistance .
{ B39}
Of the 37 million Americans who entered 1990 without medical coverage , over half were employed !
, over half were employed !
In 1986 , two million adults living below the poverty level held full - time jobs .
{ B40 }
But despite all this , Mrs. Dole , Bush 's Labor Secretary , is trying to introduce a compulsory six - month " training period " during which a " new hire " would receive a sub- minimum wage !!
{ B41} How The Elite Exploit The Nation Techniques such as exporting America 's manufacturing base , and importing labor willing to work for the minimum wage or less , are but the tip of the iceberg of methods used by the elite to make themselves richer while at the same time actively keeping America 's bottom 90 % unorganized , subservient , and basically poor .
Let 's begin by discussing by far the most important method used ... that of controlling the laws affecting taxation .
Tax Laws - The Key to Wealth and Power
To the degree one would wish to help improve the quality of life within Western society , one must acknowledge the role played by the existing laws , and in particular the tax laws .
Tax laws , more than any other factor , determine the socioeconomic nature of a society .
They determine the economic hierarchy of wealth and power just as surely as chess rules govern what occurs in a game of chess .
A king always wins in a game of chess , and in Western society , the top 1 % always own more assets than the bottom 90 % .
Tax laws ensure that Western society remains securely locked into a social structure based on wealth distribution inequities that have changed little since the Middle Ages .
Presidents now avoid the nation 's scorn by raising payroll taxes instead of income taxes .
By 1990 , payroll taxes will have risen by 30 % since 1978 , and the majority of the country will be paying more in payroll taxes than they do in income taxes .
Of course , the bottom 90 % as usual are hit the hardest , but they are generally not yet wise to the switch that has taken place , so the deceit continues at full bore .
{ B42}
Robbing The Poor by Not Taxing The Rich In Feudal society , the most successful of the feudal merchants went outside of their lord 's territory to secretly hide a portion of their profits in foreign lands , mainly to avoid taxation .
They were clever enough , however , to leave store front businesses running at home to keep up appearances .
Our present day corporation owners do exactly the same thing .
It takes little imagination to realize that the same methods to avoid taxation have gone on without interruption from Feudal times .
With regard to the previously mentioned exodus of industry from America to 2nd and 3rd World countries , the fact that American corporations choose to carry on modern day colonial exploitation is not even the issue .
The real issue is that corporate America built , and continues to build its foreign factories with the help of corporate tax deduction laws , ... at the American taxpayers expense , and to the detriment of the taxpayer 's standard of living .
To add insult to injury , the head offices of many business entities are located in playboy tax havens such as the Bahamas to avoid taxation , thereby depriving the American taxpayer of getting any benefit from having initially paid for the foreign factories .
The fact that so many oil tankers owned by the elite are registered in Liberia and not in America ( to avoid taxation ) should be a topic of concern to those who are being forced to take pay cuts and tighten their belts , ... but it is n't .
Americans have been desensitized to this issue and countless others like it .
However , to get an idea of the quantity and nature of tax avoidance loopholes that exist in America today , one has only to read a few issues of Forbes , a magazine which caters to the needs and interests of the nation 's economic elite .
Incidentally , every year Forbes magazine compiles a list of the world 's richest people , as well as a list of the 400 richest Americans .
In its July 24th 1989 issue , the magazine clarified some of the methods it used in determining the wealth of those who qualified to be included in its listings .
Part of the explanation it provided is worth quoting : " Since wealth abroad is sometimes held in complicated ways designed to retain control or bypass various taxing authorities , we count property owned if it is involved in obvious devices for ownership , like family holding companies , or cross- ownership , and sometimes less obvious ones , like certain foundations designed merely for tax avoidance . "
{ B43 }
In practically every issue , Forbes " exposes " , or at any rate acquaints the reader with , one or more additional schemes devised by clever tax accountants or investment managers to avoid taxation .
No doubt each issue must send the super rich scurrying off to call their accountants to ensure that they are not missing out on the very latest loopholes .
One would expect that reading about tax avoidance loopholes for the privileged class could very well upset or anger the average American who for the most part does n't make enough money to take advantage of the loopholes discussed .
But there is little danger of that .
Editors in charge of mass media information sources like newspapers and TV news shows very rarely devote any attention at all to this type of material .
In contrast , Forbes editors obviously feel free to flaunt it because the magazine is read almost exclusively by the economic elite , and those who aspire to join their ranks .
It is alleged that the average worth of Forbes readers is 1.4 million dollars , and that at least 250,000 of its 750,000 subscribers are millionaires .
{ B44}
It is beyond the scope and intent of this book to launch into a detailed discussion of the tax loopholes currently available , but as was mentioned above , even a subscription to Forbes magazine would serve as an introductory primer .
One need only read the article " The bad news about estate taxes " , on page 238 of the June 26 1989 , or the article " Tax strategy " on page 186 of the Sept 4 1989 issue to see why the magazine is so popular among America 's economic elite .
{ B45 } { B46 }
Due to the extremely complicated nature of tax laws , tax avoidance will remain the exclusive and somewhat secret domain of those who earn enough money to hire the services of a tax specialist .
This book will attempt , however , to make the reader acutely aware that tax avoidance privileges enjoyed by the rich , are the root cause of the nation 's economic inequities .
A perfect example of class oriented tax legislation , that exacerbated the wealth distribution inequities , occurred during the Reagan administration .
With inspiration lifted straight from Sherwood forest , REAGAN HOOD ( the well known American folk bandit who can't normally see the forest for the trees ) took it on himself to take from the poor and give to the rich .
In 1981 , he instituted new taxation legislation which dramatically decreased corporate taxes and transferred the burden to the bottom 90 percent .
( salary and wage earners )
It is not as important to discuss what the tax changes were , so much as pointing out that the changes were part of a continuing policy to free the rich from corporate taxation .
Statistics taken from the Historical Tables of the Budget of the United States Government , Fiscal Year 1986 , table 2.1 indicate that the proportion of Federal Income tax derived from Corporate income tax declined steadily from 32 % in 1952 ; to 23 % in 1960 ; to 17 % in 1970 ; to a low of 9 % in 1985 .
{B47}
It should come as no great surprise then that George Bush has openly voiced his intention to continue adding to corporate welfare legislation by reducing the capital gains tax by more than 50 % .
The Joint Committee on Taxation said that the capital gains tax proposal passed by the House on Sept 28 1989 would cost $ 35 billion dollars in lost revenue over the next 10 years .
This largesse would go almost exclusively to the richest 10 % .
{ B48 }
Both the graph and the previous statement ought to give you a chilling appreciation for the continuing success of the super rich , in their drive toward total immunity from taxation .
On General Motors ' 1987 Income Statement , a footnote indicated that the federal tax for 1987 was minus $ 1.3 billion , thus intimating that the automobile giant may have received a tax rebate for that amount .
Citizens for Tax Justice had figured that GM would end up getting a tax rebate for $ 742 million .
In any case , it should be a little clearer just where the money comes from that enables car manufacturers to offer such huge cash rebate incentives for new car buyers .
{ B49} Citizens for Tax Justice ( a group backed by Ralph Nader , which monitors tax abuses and lobbies the government for fairer taxation ) pointed out that the average reader paid more tax last year than AT&T , Du Pont , Boeing , Merrill Lynch , Dow Chemical , and Walt Disney paid collectively from 1982 through 1985 !!
Do yourself a favor and reread the above paragraph .
In fact , of the 250 companies that they were monitoring , 108 of them had an average tax rate of 1.6 % .
{ B50} Neither government nor economic smooth talkers are now able to mask the social effects of taxation changes favoring the richest 1 % introduced during the Reagan administration .
As a result of fiscal policy initiated by Paul Volcker and James Baker , the number of billionaires began skyrocketing .
From a relatively stable 13 , their numbers all of a sudden doubled in 1986 , quadrupled by 1987 , and have ( since 1987 ) increased an additional 50 to their present level of 99 .
This unethical shift of wealth from the poorest to the richest 1 % simultaneously caused shelters for the homeless and grocery handout centers to spring up in practically every city in the nation .
The more the reader appreciates the tremendous scale of corporate welfare , the less apt he or she will be to blame the deficit on the increasing numbers who are forced to collect unemployment or welfare .
The crime and drug abuse epidemics are additional visible manifestations of the anger and desperation felt by the policy 's victims .
In case you had noticed that the Reagan administration seemed virtually unconcerned with the huge national debt .
Here 's why :
The ballooning deficit , which can only be paid back through taxation , will continue to translate into a declining standard of living for " those who pay the taxes " , and most for those who are hit hardest by taxation .
Contrary to their continued displays of concern over the increasing deficit , the elite and their functionaries in congress will in reality become less and less concerned about the growing deficit because their share of the tax burden diminishes with every new tax reform !!
In future , billionaires and multimillionaires will accumulate ownership of the national wealth at an even faster rate than at present .
For those who pay little or no taxes , the growing national debt is scarcely a concern !
The elite are not at all affected by cuts to social welfare programs .
The only social welfare that affects them is corporate welfare and it has been increasing non -stop since the 50's .
However , for the so - called working middle class and their children , the ballooning deficit will translate into a significant loss of social benefits , poorer education and health facilities , etc. , in short , a continuing drop in standard of living .
If the corporations and wealthy elite do n't pay their share of taxes , why should the working class ?
The three trillion dollar Star Wars military expansion program is being funded directly out of the taxpayer 's pocket .
There is simply no rationale for the so - called middle class taxpayer to pay the bulk of the defense bill , when the majority of the wealth and property being defended belongs to the economic elite , who take every opportunity to excuse themselves from sharing the tax burden .
In case you have wondered why the deficit is ballooning so rapidly , here 's at least one atrocious reason .
Undermining America with Leveraged Buyouts
One of the most scandalous causes of lost tax revenue ( from corporations ) is currently sweeping the nation , and is referred to as the leveraged buyout , also known in the industry as an LBO .
During the 80's , LBOs have been the focus of Wall Street activity .
To understand how they work , let us begin by considering a recent LBO .
The RJR Nabisco corporation was purchased for a sum of about 25 billion dollars .
Prior to its takeover , Nabisco made an annual profit of about $ 2.5 billion dollars , on which they pay about $ 700 million in taxes .
{ B51}
As a result of the buyout , the new owners will most likely pay NO TAXES .
Not only that , they will probably claim billions of dollars back ( from the government , i.e. the taxpayers ) in tax rebates !
Surely this is not possible , you might be saying to yourself .
As unbelievable as this sounds , it is true .
START GETTING CONCERNED .
The new owners will still produce their shredded wheat and cigarettes , etc. , at the same prices and with the same manufacturing costs .
Right ? ... Right !
So their profits should be expected to remain around 2 and a half billion dollars .
Right ? ... Wrong !
The new owners are now eligible for tax deductions that the former owners did not have .
The new owners borrowed most of the $ 25 billion dollars to purchase Nabisco .
Why ?
... because the interest ( that they pay on the money they borrowed to buy the giant ) qualifies as a tax deduction !
( Thanks to Section 163 of the Internal Revenue Code )
Tax avoidance rears it 's ugly head .
The cost of borrowing the $ 25 billion could quite conceivably be around $ 3 billion dollars per year , but the operating profits , as before , would be only 2 and a half billion .
Are you sitting down ?
As a result of a leveraged buyout , a firm like Nabisco can be transformed from a profitable company making 2.5 billion dollars profit , and contributing $ 700 million annually to Federal and state tax revenues , ... to a firm which could draw billions out of the Federal tax pot because it would be " technically " operating with an annual loss of a half billion dollars due to the tax write - off for money borrowed to purchase the giant .
With no taxable income , the new owners would pay no taxes !!!
There 's $ 700 million a year that wo n't get used to repair the roadways they buckle when delivering their goods .
There 's also $ 700 million per year that wo n't help to clean up the rivers and lakes corporate America has polluted , and continues to pollute .
Taxpayers must come to appreciate that their standard of living will progressively worsen as unemployment rises , and corporations contribute less tax in future than they have in the past .
Even though the taxpayer has been secretly robbed ( thanks to the gagging of the press ) , the corporate raider has just begun his assault .
As unbelievable as it may be ( that elected congressmen would allow corporations to stop contributing taxes ) , they even allow the taxation avoidance to be retroactive !
Here 's how .
Tax losses can be carried back 3 years , and forward 15 years .
In other words , corporate raiders who make their new companies run in the red are able to claim back as a tax refund the legitimate taxes previously paid in the previous three years by the former owners .
In a case like Nabisco 's , this could amount to billions .
The LBO tax avoidance loophole must be the single most significant cause of reduced Federal and State tax revenue from corporations for at least the last decade .
Because it is so important for the average person to fully understand LBOs and their destructive social consequences , and because many readers may be unfamiliar with the world of stock trading and Wall Street jargon , a more in - depth explanation is in order .
First of all , a leveraged buyout refers to the transaction that takes place when an individual or group of investors ( outside a corporation ) manages to take over the decision making function of a corporation by buying up enough shares of the company to assume controlling interest .
The term " leveraged " refers to the fact that most of money used to purchase the corporation is borrowed or on credit .
In all LBOs , the purchasers borrow as much as they can from banks , by using as collateral the equity of the corporation to be purchased .
The remainder of the money required is normally raised through the sale of " junk bonds " , which are issued by the purchasers ( the corporate raiders ) , and promoted and sold ( underwritten ) by certain brokerage houses or investment banks which specialize in corporate takeovers .
Junk bonds can attract investors because they normally offer a significantly higher rate of interest than other bonds and normal bank interest .
Usually the part of the operating profits that formerly went to pay taxes , are now freed up to pay the interest on these junk bonds , so the junk bond holders can feel relatively safe .
For example , in a case like RJR Nabisco's , the $ 700 million that normally would have gone to pay taxes is now capable of paying the interest on about $ 5 billion dollars worth of borrowed money .
The real significance is that the taxpayer is effectively footing the bill for $ 5 billion of the purchase price !
Combine that initial subsidy of $ 5 billion with the $ 2 billion they can receive in tax rebates , and the loss of tax revenue could effectively amount to about $ 7 billion on that single takeover .
In case you think this is not typical of what is happening , consider Safeway which went from paying $ 122 million in taxes , to being a tax rebate recipient of over $ 10 million .
Macy 's collected a $ 32 million rebate instead of paying a normal tax bill of over $ 200 million .
Before its leveraged buyout , Unocal paid over $ 500 million in taxes .
After the leveraged buyout its tax bill dropped to $ 68 million .
But the above is unfortunately only half of the picture .
{ B52}
So far we have only discussed how LBOs have caused a drastic reduction in taxes paid by corporations .
Next we will look at how and why the corporate raiders use LBOs to skim hundreds of millions of dollars out of the national economy without contributing one iota to the nation 's productivity .
Why do LBOs occur in the first place ?
To explain this , I will resort to an analogy .
A car wrecker will often buy a fully functional ( but old ) vehicle , and simply junk it , because to the wrecker , the vehicle is worth more as spare parts than it is as a fully functional car .
This is precisely the way corporate raiders look at a corporation !
( as a conglomerate of companies than can be broken apart and sold separately as independent companies )
Incidentally , those who take over another corporation forcibly are known as " corporate raiders " .
When the takeover results from the acceptance of a buyout offer , the purchase is simply referred to as a leveraged buyout .
Raiders buy corporations for the purpose of selling off the component companies separately for more money than what they paid for the fully functioning corporation .
In other words , the raider attacks corporations whose spare part value is greater than their stock market share value .
To illustrate the point , let 's say that a corporation has 100 million shares that are trading on the stock exchange for $ 1 each .
Theoretically , the market place puts a value on the corporation of $ 100 million dollars .
However , if a corporate raider determined that he could sell the various companies comprising the corporation separately for $ 150 million , he could theoretically make a quick unearned $ 50 million by buying the stock market shares for $ 100 million , and then individually selling off the components of the corporation for $ 150 million .
In other words , the takeover operators secretly have reason to believe that the one million shares are therefore in reality worth $ 1.50 a share , so they will approach the corporation and offer to buy enough shares to get controlling interest .
Acquiring controlling interest is necessary to be able to initiate the " sell off " of corporate assets .
In order to be able to buy enough shares to gain controlling interests , the takeover purchasers might try to lure the shareholders into selling their shares by offering a premium of say 10 cents per share over the going share market price .
So in our example , the raiders could offer to pay $ 1.10 per share , instead of the going rate of $ 1.00 per share .
If enough shareholders agree to sell their shares at this premium , the raiders could assume controlling interest in the corporation .
The corporation would effectively be bought out .
The new owners would then proceed to sell off whatever of the corporation 's companies they wished .
Often , just enough companies are sold off to cover the cost of the purchase , while the remainder , which represent the profit of the deal , are kept .
Usually the better companies , known as the " cash cows " , are kept as sources of positive cash flow to fund further takeovers .
If , as another alternative , they choose to sell off all the companies ( i.e. even the cash cows ) , and succeeded in doing so for $ 150 million , they could make a relatively instant $ 40 million profit , involving no productivity whatsoever .
When corporate managers try to prevent corporate raiders from buying up enough stock to hold a controlling interest of their corporations , directors are usually forced to borrow heavily , or to sell off some of their companies ' assets , in a desperate move to get cash to purchase their own common stock at the abnormally inflated stock prices offered to their shareholders by the takeover operators .
The other alternative is for the existing directors to virtually pay the corporate raiders what amounts to a ransom to leave the corporation alone .
This ransom , which usually involves a " buy back " of whatever shares the raiders have managed to buy up , is known in the industry as " greenmail " , a euphemistic term for the technically legal blackmail that takes place , and which the justice system blatantly ignores .
If the corporation gets bought out , or , if it is forced to pay greenmail , the end result is similar ; the equity of the corporation gets replaced by debt , which lowers it 's tax liability , reduces its cash flow , and makes it increasingly vulnerable to financial problems .
Basically , raiders act as " corporation wreckers " , functioning much the same as " car wreckers " .
If , as a result of selling off the component companies , the corporation 's primary product stops getting produced , well tough luck !
Raiders are interested only in quick profits .
Stripped bare , corporate takeovers are , in essence , non-productive , economically debilitating real estate flips .
Those wishing to have a clearer appreciation of the debilitating effects suffered by companies which try to fight off takeover bids are encouraged to read the article entitled " Invasion of the company snatchers " in the Dec 12 1988 issue of Forbes .
{ B53 }
On the other hand , the article on page 102 of the Sept 4 1989 issue entitled " Do n't blame me " , details some of the debilitating problems suffered by businesses that have been taken over and reorganized according to the whims of new owner / speculators .
{ B54} Similarly , the article " One man 's poison " on page 38 of the Oct 16 1989 issue leaves little doubt that businesses burdened with LBO debt are , from a competitor 's point of view , often less able to compete .
In addition , " tax loss credits " that are generated by LBOs later encourage MERGERS with other profitable companies who use the tax loss credits to avoid paying taxes on their own profits .
A brief discussion of this additional tax avoidance rip - off will follow later under the topic : Mergers ( Monopolies and Tax Avoidance ) .
Can those taking part in a corporate raid get rich milking the economy like this ?
To partially answer that question , let me quote from the July 11 1989 edition of Financial World which had an article on Wall Street 's one hundred highest paid earners .
" In general , most of the top 100 earners have two things in common ... they are principles in their firms , and they are deeply involved in takeovers . "
{ B55 }
The answer , therefore , is that you most certainly can , and in two distinct ways .
The most profitable way is to be the corporate raider .
Example : According to Forbes magazine , which does a yearly assessment of the wealth of the richest 400 Americans , Ronald Owen Perelman , ( a leveraged buyout specialist ) increased his personal wealth by $ 750,000,000 ( Seven hundred and fifty million dollars ) in the period between their 1988 survey , and their 1989 survey .
Start getting concerned !!
He was not alone .
{ B56 }
The second most profitable way is to help provide the funding for the corporate raider .
For this service , the banks and the junk bond salesmen earn handsome commissions .
How much can a junk bond commissioned salesman make , who assists the corporate raiders ?
Example : Michael Robert Milken .
Forbes indicates that Mr. Milken increased his own personal wealth from 800 million in the 1988 survey , to one billion , two hundred and seventy million in the 1989 survey .
His 470 million increase in one year , like Ronald Perelman 's seven hundred and fifty million dollar increase did n't materialize out of nowhere .
One way or another the cost of his commissions will be passed along to the consumer .
{ B57 }
The article " Who 's really picking up the tab ? " in the Oct 30 1989 issue of Forbes provides enough facts and figures to make anybody steam under the collar .
{ B58} LBOs continue at great cost to society , and with far ranging social and economic repercussions , despite the economic elite 's rhetoric to the contrary .
The numerous social side effects of LBOs are even more ethically scandalous than the flip profits or the drastic reduction to taxes paid .
The various component companies which formerly worked together smoothly may now be convulsing under new inexperienced managers .
In fact , many managers who spend a lifetime working their way up through the ranks are often let go , suddenly depriving them of well earned pensions , and forcing them quite abruptly into competition with much younger men for a diminishing number of managerial jobs .
Management , however , are not usually the only ones who face unemployment hardships as a result of " mergers and acquisitions " ( M& As ) , as they are jointly referred to .
Companies or divisions of companies which manufacture items that can be manufactured more cheaply using 3rd World slave labor , are often shut down and relocated overseas .
A recent survey of several thousand American takeovers which took place between 1977 and 1982 has shown that firms which had been taken over employed about 12 % fewer staff in 1982 than they had in 1977 , while firms which had not been taken over had , on average , increased their staff by about 4 % .
Overall , wages and benefits fell by about 12 % for the staff of firms taken over .
{ B59 } Often a drop in product output , and / or a drop in product quality follows on the heels of cost cutting measures introduced by new profit conscious owners .
Effectively , Americans are being fleeced , cheated , and unemployed simultaneously .
Meanwhile , the bulls continue to run as the stock market continues to climb from LBO buying pressure , and consequently the share prices are once again unrealistically high .
The LBO frenzy has also driven up the cost of corporate real estate , and in the process , residential real estate as well , to the point that buying a home seems beyond the reach of many hard working productive Americans .
Market speculators will begin 1990 once again nervously poised to dump their stock portfolios at the very first sign of a market sell - out , and that is precisely what the October 1989 crash was all about .
The stability of the economy as a whole has already been seriously undermined .
A recession , or worse yet , a depression , could easily cause these leveraged to the hilt corporations to go bankrupt due to a loss of cash flow which could occur during a normal recession .
{ B60 }
They could begin defaulting on their enormous bank loans and usher in a catastrophic collapse of the banking system !
So do n't let politicians convince you that a corporation based on debt ( with no reserves left to survive even minor disruptions to its cash flow ) , is now better equipped to compete internationally .
Remember instead the old maxim that the bigger they are , the harder they fall .
Besides , politicians are usually the first to defend legislative gifts to the rich because they too can take advantage of the loopholes .
In the case of LBOs , William E. Simon , a former Treasury Secretary was one of the very first to jump on the LBO gravy train .
In 1981 he took over Gibson Greetings Inc. for $ 330,000 and within two years made $ 70 million .
{ B61 }
And just how shaky , artificial , and ridiculous have leveraged buyouts gotten ?
Well , Forbes magazine pointed out that " ... Duff and Phelps , the Chicago - based bond - rating service , underwent a management buyout early this year and issued its own junk bonds .
When the deal closed , long - term debt ballooned to $ 112 million from $ 34 million .
Net worth fell to minus $ 10.8 million from positive $ 3.6 million .
Fees and expenses in connection with the buyout ran almost $ 13 million , which was more than the equity contribution of the management investors . "
{ B62 }
Who stands to lose money if these " leveraged to the hilt " corporations collapse in a recession , or a depression brought on by another stock market crash ?
Two entities will bear the brunt of banks going bankrupt if and when the cash poor leveraged corporations default on their payments to the banks .
If the banks get bailed out by the government , taxpayers as a whole will end up paying for the economic elite 's gambling spree .
If the impending economic collapse is severe enough to make widespread bank bailouts impractical or impossible , YOU and the little old lady who put her life savings on deposit will lose your shirts .
That 's who !
So when you hear that a huge corporation is running at a loss , do n't be too eager to get out your hankie unless you are crying over the havoc caused by corporation wreckers who have , in the process of milking the nation , driven it to the brink of bankruptcy .
Lest we forget :
The proportion of Federal Income tax ( derived from Corporate income tax ) has already declined from 32 % in 1952 ; to 23 % in 1960 ; to 17 % in 1970 ; to a low of 9 % in 1985 .
To make things even worse , the bulk of the leveraged buyouts which ushered in a horrendous wave of tax
By Soutik Biswas
BBC News , Delhi
The Indian navy is patrolling off the Somali coast About a week ago , an Indian cargo ship sailing in the Gulf of Aden spotted a pirate vessel operating off the coast of Somalia .
The captain of the ship sent out a SOS to the INS Tabar , a state - of - the - art Russian built Indian naval warship which has been patrolling waters in the region to combat the pirate menace .
The warship responded by sending out a helicopter to the area , which chased away the pirate vessel .
A similar incident happened on Wednesday , when an Indian navy warship destroyed a suspected Somali pirate vessel after it came under attack in the same area .
Shashank Kulkarni , secretary general of the Indian National Ship Owners Association ( Insa ) says that there is now no doubt that Indian - owned cargo ships are coming under increasing danger from pirates operating in the region .
There is also no doubt that the government is taking the menace of high sea piracy in the Gulf of Aden seriously .
So far , in the Indian public imagination , piracy has been synonymous with river pirates who have kidnapped and looted small fishing boats for paltry ransoms and goods in the Sundarbans region in eastern India for decades .
Spirited campaign
But the kidnapping of the Japanese - owned cargo ship MV Stolt Valor with 18 Indian crew members on 15 September off the Somali coast brought the country 's attention to a bigger and more serious problem of piracy .
A spirited campaign was launched by Seema Goyal , wife of the ship 's captain PK Goyal , who pressured the usually unresponsive government to secure the release of the crew members .
The fact that every detail of the whole drama was captured on 24/7 news television captivated the nation and no doubt played its part in making the government act .
Ms Goyal 's relentless pressure appeared to have forced the government to deploy warships in the Gulf of Aden to prevent pirate attacks and secure her husband 's ship .
International forces often try to intercept pirate vessels
Over the weekend the crew members were released by the pirates - local media reports said a large ransom had been paid by the Japanese ship - owners , though the owners did not confirm this .
There have been rising concerns in the local shipping industry that Indian crew members - who comprise a sixth of the world 's maritime crews - may now be reluctant to sail in the Gulf of Aden after the recent rises in piracy in that area .
In September , the crew of an Indian - owned cargo ship carrying aviation turbine fuel from Kuwait to London refused to sail because of security concerns .
Senior shipping officials tried to get the crew to change their mind , but they were not to be persuaded , pointing to the " war - like situation in the Gulf of Aden " .
Finally , the crew agreed to sail after they were promised an " extra bonus " for the journey .
India has now , clearly , decided that it cannot take chances with its cargo ships travelling through the Gulf of Aden , which provide access to the Suez Canal .
Some 25 Indian - owned ships a month sail through the route , carrying millions of dollars worth of India 's sea trade every year .
Larger interest India has a larger interest in ensuring the protection of non-Indian owned cargo ships on the route - because 85 % of India 's sea trade on the route is carried by foreign - owned ships .
About a third of India 's total fleet of 900 cargo ships deployed in international waters are at risk on the route .
That is possibly why the navy says that INS Tabar has safely escorted some 35 ships , including a number of foreign - owned ones , during transit through the Gulf of Aden .
The navy also claims that the warship " prevented two hijacking attempts " last week .
" India has had to move ahead and take measures .
It has no other option .
With such incidents , a career at sea is losing its charm for Indians .
The crew are refusing to sail .
So India had to join other nations to fight this menace , " says Shashank Kulkarni .
So , Indian warships have joined ships from at least eight countries now operating in the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Aden .
The hijackings off the coast of East Africa and the Gulf of Aden - an area of more than 1 m sq miles ( 2.6 m sq km ) - make up one - third of all global piracy incidents this year , according the International Maritime Board .
More than 90 ships have been hijacked off Somalia this year .
It is a battle which India 's traders cannot afford to lose .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here 's a lighthearted note you might enjoy ...
The University of Alabama is set to honor Mobile native James M. Fail by placing his name on a prominent fixture at Bryant - Denny Stadium .
A donation by Mr. Fail to the Crimson Tide Foundation will result in the visitors ' locker room being officially named " The Fail Room . "
Mr. Fail served three years in the U.S. Navy before graduating from UA in 1949 and beginning a successful and wide - ranging career in the financial sector .
His current duties include serving as chairman of Stone Holdings , Inc. , and Bluebonnet Savings Bank .
In the United States , ibogaine is a Schedule I controlled substance , right alongside heroin , marijuana , and LSD .
It ’s also a potentially powerful tool for addiction treatment :
For decades a worldwide underground network has administered the psychotropic drug , derived from a West African bush , to people in need .
Now , in a split - level house in a small town in British Columbia , ibogaine may be nearing recognition as a legitimate medical treatment .
Iboga Therapy
House is often a last hope for people wishing to free themselves from addiction to heroin , cocaine , prescription painkillers , or other substances .
It was founded in 2002 by Marc Emery , an infamous marijuana activist , who delivered ibogaine for free , funded by seed sales .
Two years later , when financial and legal troubles forced Emery to shut down , he encouraged Sandra Karpetas , a comrade in the project , to continue the work .
Karpetas , who has a background in harm - reduction counseling , first heard of ibogaine in the late 1990s .
At the time , she found herself moving in two different worlds ; in one , she saw people using psychoactive substances for therapeutic , self - explorative purposes ; in another , she saw people inflicting great harm on themselves through drug abuse .
Ibogaine seemed to bridge the two worlds , a substance that could fight addiction by awakening the mind .
Karpetas professionalized Emery ’s operation , reopening Iboga in 2006 as a nonprofit .
Treatment is no longer free — a five - to - seven - day course costs $ 5,000 — although the clinic does sometimes donate services .
In addition to being screened for a variety of medical conditions and psychiatric problems , candidates must submit a general medical evaluation from a doctor , along with details on their social support network and their plans for recovery .
- Advertisement -
If they are accepted into the program , clients wait at least 12 hours from the last dose of their drug and then take a test dose of ibogaine to ensure that they will have no adverse reactions .
The full dose , administered an hour later , causes a temporary loss of coordination but minimizes withdrawal symptoms , which can include diarrhea , stomach cramps , leg restlessness , inability to sleep , extreme agitation , and depression .
Once they are dosed , clients experience a dreamlike state that lasts anywhere from 24 to 36 hours .
Many people report that , once the intense rehabilitating trip is completed , their cravings are gone .
Because of ibogaine ’s murky legal status , there are few official studies of its effectiveness .
In the 1990s Ken Alper , then an assistant professor of psychiatry and neurology at New York University School of Medicine , conducted research into ibogaine detoxification .
In one study of 33 opioid users , 25 were found to be free of withdrawal symptoms 24 hours after treatment and showed no drug - seeking behavior 72 hours later .
Transmission of material in this release is embargoed until 8:30 a.m. ( ET ) September 11 , 2020 USDL - 20 - 1693 Technical information : ( 202 ) 691-7000 • cpi_info@bls.gov • www.bls.gov/cpi
Media Contact : ( 202 ) 691-5902 • PressOffice@bls.gov CONSUMER PRICE INDEX – AUGUST 2020 The Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers ( CPI - U ) increased 0.4 percent in August on a seasonally adjusted basis after rising 0.6 percent in July , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
Over the last 12 months , the all items index increased 1.3 percent before seasonal adjustment .
The monthly increase in the seasonally adjusted all items index was broad - based ; a sharp rise in the used cars and trucks index was the largest factor , but the indexes for gasoline , shelter , recreation , and household furnishings and operations also contributed .
The energy index rose 0.9 percent in August as the gasoline index rose 2.0 percent .
The food index rose 0.1 percent in August after falling in July ; an increase in the food away from home index more than offset a slight decline in the food at home index .
The index for all items less food and energy rose 0.4 percent in August after increasing 0.6 percent in July .
The sharp rise in the index for used cars and trucks accounted for over 40 percent of the increase ; the indexes for shelter , recreation , household furnishings and operations , apparel , motor vehicle insurance , and airline fares also rose .
The indexes for education and personal care were among the few to decline .
The all items index increased 1.3 percent for the 12 months ending August ; this figure has been rising since the period ending May 2020 , when the 12 - month increase was 0.1 percent .
The index for all items less food and energy increased 1.7 percent over the last 12 months .
The food index increased 4.1 percent over the last 12 months , with the index for food at home rising 4.6 percent .
Despite recent monthly increases , the energy index fell 9.0 percent over the last 12 months .
Table A. Percent changes in CPI for All Urban Consumers ( CPI -U ) : U.S. city average Seasonally adjusted changes from preceding month Un - adjusted 12 - mos.
Feb. Mar. Apr. May June July Aug. ended 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 Aug. 2020
All items .................. .1 -.4 -.8 -.1 .6 .6 .4 1.3 Food ...................... .4 .3 1.5 .7 .6 -.4 .1 4.1 Food at home ............. .5 .5 2.6 1.0 .7 - 1.1 -.1 4.6
Food away from home ( 1 ) .. .2 .2 .1 .4 .5 .5 .3 3.5 Energy .................... - 2.0 - 5.8 - 10.1 - 1.8 5.1 2.5 .9 - 9.0 Energy commodities ....... - 3.5 - 10.4 - 20.0 - 3.5 11.7 5.3 2.0 - 16.7 Gasoline ( all types ) ....
- 3.4 - 10.5 - 20.6 - 3.5 12.3 5.6 2.0 - 16.8
Fuel oil ................ - 8.5 - 13.7 - 15.6 - 6.3 10.2 4.3 3.9 - 23.6
Energy services .......... -.3 -.5 .1 -.5 -.2 .0 -.2 -.1 Electricity ............. -.1 -.2 .1 -.8 -.3 .3 -.2 -.1 Utility ( piped ) gas service .............. -.9 - 1.4 .2 .8 .0 - 1.0 -.2 -.5
All items less food and energy ................. . 2 -.1 -.4 -.1 .2 .6 .4 1.7 Commodities less food and energy commodities .... .2 -.3 -.7 -.2 .2 .7 1.0 .4 New vehicles ............ .1 -.4 .0 .3 .0 .8 .0 .7 Used cars and trucks .... .4 .8 -.4 -.4 - 1.2 2.3 5.4 4.0 Apparel ................. . 4 - 2.0 - 4.7 - 2.3 1.7 1.1 .6 - 5.9 Medical care commodities -.6 .0 -.1 .1 .2 .0 -.1 .8 Services less energy services .............. .2 .0 -.4 .0 .3 .6 .2 2.2 Shelter ................. .3 .0 .0 .2 .1 .2 .1 2.3 Transportation services .3 - 1.9 - 4.7 - 3.6 2.1 3.6 .0 - 4.0 Medical care services ... .3 .5 .5 .6 .5 .5 .1 5.3 1 Not seasonally adjusted .
Food
The food index rose 0.1 percent in August after falling in July .
The index for food at home fell slightly in August , decreasing 0.1 percent after falling 1.1 percent the prior month .
The August decline was mostly caused by the index for meats , poultry , fish , and eggs , which fell 1.7 percent in August , its second consecutive monthly decline after sharp increases in prior months .
The beef index fell 4.4 percent in August after declining 8.2 percent in July .
The cereals and bakery products index also declined in August , falling 0.2 percent .
The remaining four major grocery store food group indexes increased in August .
The index for dairy and related products rose 1.5 percent in August after declining in June and July .
The index for other food at home rose 0.5 percent in August , the index for fruits and vegetables rose 0.2 percent , and the index for nonalcoholic beverages advanced 0.1 percent .
The index for food away from home continued to rise in August , although its 0.3 - percent increase was the smallest monthly increase since April .
The index for limited service meals advanced 0.4 percent in August after rising 0.6 percent in July .
The index for full service meals increased 0.1 percent in August following a 0.4 - percent increase in July .
The food at home index increased 4.6 percent over the last 12 months .
All six major grocery store food group indexes rose over that span .
The index for meats , poultry , fish , and eggs rose 7.1 percent over the last year as the index for beef increased 9.6 percent .
Increases in the other groups ranged from 2.7 percent ( fruits and vegetables ) to 5.7 percent ( dairy and related products ) .
The index for food away from home rose 3.5 percent over the last year .
The index for limited service meals increased 4.8 percent and the index for full service meals rose 2.8 percent over the last 12 months .
Energy
The energy index rose 0.9 percent in August , its third consecutive increase .
The gasoline index continued to rise , increasing 2.0 percent in August after rising 5.6 percent in July .
( Before seasonal adjustment , gasoline prices were unchanged in August . )
The index for electricity decreased 0.2 percent in August after rising in July .
The index for natural gas also declined , falling 0.2 percent in August after a 1.0 - percent decrease in July .
The energy index fell 9.0 percent over the past 12 months .
The gasoline index decreased 16.8 percent , while the fuel oil index fell 23.6 percent .
The index for natural gas declined 0.5 percent and the index for electricity decreased slightly over the year , falling 0.1 percent .
All items less food and energy
The index for all items less food and energy increased 0.4 percent in August after rising 0.6 percent in July .
The index for used cars and trucks increased 5.4 percent in August , its largest monthly increase since March 1969 .
The shelter index increased in August , rising 0.1 percent , with the indexes for rent and owners ’ equivalent rent both rising 0.1 percent .
The recreation index increased 0.7 percent in August after falling in June and July .
The index for household furnishings and operations increased 0.9 percent , its largest monthly increase since February 1991 , as the index for furniture and bedding rose 1.6 percent and the index for appliances increased 2.0 percent .
The apparel index rose 0.6 percent in August , its third consecutive monthly increase .
The index for motor vehicle insurance rose 0.5 percent , and the index for airline fares increased 1.2 percent over the month .
The index for medical care rose slightly in August , increasing 0.1 percent .
The indexes for hospital services and for physicians ’ services both rose 0.1 percent , while the index for prescription drugs declined 0.2 percent .
The new vehicles index was unchanged in August after rising in July .
The education index decreased 0.3 percent in August , the first decline in the history of the index , which dates to 1993 .
The personal care index also fell 0.3 percent in August after rising the last 2 months .
The index for all items less food and energy rose 1.7 percent over the past 12 months .
The shelter index rose 2.3 percent , and the medical care index increased 4.5 percent over the last 12 months .
Indexes that declined over the 12 - month span include apparel ( - 5.9 percent ) , airline fares ( - 23.2 percent ) , and motor vehicle insurance ( - 1.5 percent ) .
Not seasonally adjusted CPI measures The Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers ( CPI - U ) increased 1.3 percent over the last 12 months to an index level of 259.918 ( 1982-84=100 ) .
For the month , the index rose 0.3 percent prior to seasonal adjustment .
The Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earners and Clerical Workers ( CPI - W ) increased 1.4 percent over the last 12 months to an index level of 253.597 ( 1982-84=100 ) .
For the month , the index rose 0.4 percent prior to seasonal adjustment .
The Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers ( C - CPI - U ) increased 1.0 percent over the last 12 months .
For the month , the index increased 0.3 percent on a not seasonally adjusted basis .
Please note that the indexes for the past 10 to 12 months are subject to revision .
_______________
The Consumer Price Index for September 2020 is scheduled to be released on Tuesday , October 13 , 2020 at 8:30 a.m. ( ET ) .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Coronavirus ( COVID - 19 ) Pandemic Impact on August 2020 Consumer Price Index Data Data collection by personal visit for the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) program has been suspended since March 16 , 2020 .
When possible , data normally collected by personal visit were collected either online or by phone .
Additionally , data collection in August was affected by the temporary closing or limited operations of certain types of establishments .
These factors resulted in an increase in the number of prices considered temporarily unavailable and imputed .
While the CPI program attempted to collect as much data as possible , many indexes are based on smaller amounts of collected prices than usual , and a small number of indexes that are normally published were not published this month .
Additional information is available at www.bls.gov/covid19/effects-of-covid-19-pandemic-on-consumer-price-index.htm.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Technical Note Brief Explanation of the CPI The Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) measures the change in prices paid by consumers for goods and services .
The CPI reflects spending patterns for each of two population groups : all urban consumers and urban wage earners and clerical workers .
The all urban consumer group represents about 93 percent of the total U.S. population .
It is based on the expenditures of almost all residents of urban or metropolitan areas , including professionals , the self - employed , the poor , the unemployed , and retired people , as well as urban wage earners and clerical workers .
Not included in the CPI are the spending patterns of people living in rural nonmetropolitan areas , farming families , people in the Armed Forces , and those in institutions , such as prisons and mental hospitals .
Consumer inflation for all urban consumers is measured by two indexes , namely , the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers ( CPI - U ) and the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers ( C - CPI - U ) .
The Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earners and Clerical Workers ( CPI - W ) is based on the expenditures of households included in the CPI - U definition that meet two requirements : more than one - half of the household 's income must come from clerical or wage occupations , and at least one of the household 's earners must have been employed for at least 37 weeks during the previous 12 months .
The CPI - W population represents about 29 percent of the total U.S. population and is a subset of the CPI - U population .
The CPIs are based on prices of food , clothing , shelter , fuels , transportation , doctors ’ and dentists ’ services , drugs , and other goods and services that people buy for day - to - day living .
Prices are collected each month in 75 urban areas across the country from about 6,000 housing units and approximately 22,000 retail establishments ( department stores , supermarkets , hospitals , filling stations , and other types of stores and service establishments ) .
All taxes directly associated with the purchase and use of items are included in the index .
Prices of fuels and a few other items are obtained every month in all 75 locations .
Prices of most other commodities and services are collected every month in the three largest geographic areas and every other month in other areas .
Prices of most goods and services are obtained by personal visits or telephone calls by the Bureau ’s trained representatives .
In calculating the index , price changes for the various items in each location are aggregated using weights , which represent their importance in the spending of the appropriate population group .
Local data are then combined to obtain a U.S. city average .
For the CPI - U and CPI -W , separate indexes are also published by size of city , by region of the country , for cross-classifications of regions and population - size classes , and for 23 selected local areas .
Area indexes do not measure differences in the level of prices among cities ; they only measure the average change in prices for each area since the base period .
For the C - CPI - U , data are issued only at the national level .
The CPI - U and CPI - W are considered final when released , but the C - CPI - U is issued in preliminary form and subject to three subsequent quarterly revisions .
The index measures price change from a designed reference date .
For most of the CPI - U and the CPI - W , the reference base is 1982 - 84 equals 100 .
The reference base for the C - CPI - U is December 1999 equals 100 .
An increase of 7 percent from the reference base , for example , is shown as 107.000 .
Alternatively , that relationship can also be expressed as the price of a base period market basket of goods and services rising from $ 100 to $ 107 .
Sampling Error in the CPI
The CPI is a statistical estimate that is subject to sampling error because it is based upon a sample of retail prices and not the complete universe of all prices .
BLS calculates and publishes estimates of the 1 - month , 2 - month , 6 - month , and 12 - month percent change standard errors annually for the CPI - U .
These standard error estimates can be used to construct confidence intervals for hypothesis testing .
For example , the estimated standard error of the 1 - month percent change is 0.03 percent for the U.S. all items CPI .
This means that if we repeatedly sample from the universe of all retail prices using the same methodology , and estimate a percentage change for each sample , then 95 percent of these estimates will be within 0.06 percent of the 1 - month percentage change based on all retail prices .
For example , for a 1 - month change of 0.2 percent in the all items CPI - U , we are 95 percent confident that the actual percent change based on all retail prices would fall between 0.14 and 0.26 percent .
For the latest data , including information on how to use the estimates of standard error , see https://www.bls.gov/cpi/tables/variance-estimates/home.htm.
Calculating Index Changes Movements of the indexes from 1 month to another are usually expressed as percent changes rather than changes in index points , because index point changes are affected by the level of the index in relation to its base period , while percent changes are not .
The following table shows an example of using index values to calculate percent changes : Item A Item B Item C Year I 112.500 225.000 110.000 Year II 121.500 243.000 128.000 Change in index points 9.000 18.000 18.000 Percent change 9.0/112.500 x 100 = 8.0 18.0/225.000 x 100 = 8.0 18.0/110.000 x 100 = 16.4 Use of Seasonally Adjusted and Unadjusted Data The Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) produces both unadjusted and seasonally adjusted data .
Seasonally adjusted data are computed using seasonal factors derived by the X - 13ARIMA - SEATS seasonal adjustment method .
These factors are updated each February , and the new factors are used to revise the previous 5 years of seasonally adjusted data .
The factors are available at www.bls.gov/cpi/tables/seasonal-adjustment/seasonal-factors-2020.pdf.
For more information on data revision scheduling , please see the Factsheet on Seasonal Adjustment at www.bls.gov/cpi/seasonal-adjustment/questions-and-answers.htm and the Timeline of Seasonal Adjustment Methodological Changes at www.bls.gov/cpi/seasonal-adjustment/timeline-seasonal-adjustment-methodology-changes.htm.
For analyzing short - term price trends in the economy , seasonally adjusted changes are usually preferred since they eliminate the effect of changes that normally occur at the same time and in about the same magnitude every year — such as price movements resulting from weather events , production cycles , model changeovers , holidays , and sales .
This allows data users to focus on changes that are not typical for the time of year .
The unadjusted data are of primary interest to consumers concerned about the prices they actually pay .
Unadjusted data are also used extensively for escalation purposes .
Many collective bargaining contract agreements and pension plans , for example , tie compensation changes to the Consumer Price Index before adjustment for seasonal variation .
BLS advises against the use of seasonally adjusted data in escalation agreements because seasonally adjusted series are revised annually .
Intervention Analysis The Bureau of Labor Statistics uses intervention analysis seasonal adjustment for some CPI series .
Sometimes extreme values or sharp movements can distort the underlying seasonal pattern of price change .
Intervention analysis seasonal adjustment is a process by which the distortions caused by such unusual events are estimated and removed from the data prior to calculation of seasonal factors .
The resulting seasonal factors , which more accurately represent the seasonal pattern , are then applied to the unadjusted data .
For example , this procedure was used for the motor fuel series to offset the effects of the 2009 return to normal pricing after the worldwide economic downturn in 2008 .
Retaining this outlier data during seasonal factor calculation would distort the computation of the seasonal portion of the time series data for motor fuel , so it was estimated and removed from the data prior to seasonal adjustment .
Following that , seasonal factors were calculated based on this “ prior adjusted ” data .
These seasonal factors represent a clearer picture of the seasonal pattern in the data .
The last step is for motor fuel seasonal factors to be applied to the unadjusted data .
For the seasonal factors introduced for January 2020 , BLS adjusted 53 series using intervention analysis seasonal adjustment , including selected food and beverage items , motor fuels , electricity , and vehicles .
Revision of Seasonally Adjusted Indexes Seasonally adjusted data , including the U.S. city average all items index levels , are subject to revision for up to 5 years after their original release .
Every year , economists in the CPI calculate new seasonal factors for seasonally adjusted series and apply them to the last 5 years of data .
Seasonally adjusted indexes beyond the last 5 years of data are considered to be final and not subject to revision .
For January 2020 , revised seasonal factors and seasonally adjusted indexes for 2015 to 2019 were calculated and published .
For series which are directly adjusted using the Census X - 13ARIMA - SEATS seasonal adjustment software , the seasonal factors for 2019 will be applied to data for 2020 to produce the seasonally adjusted 2020 indexes .
Series which are indirectly seasonally adjusted by summing seasonally adjusted component series have seasonal factors which are derived and are therefore not available in advance .
Determining Seasonal Status Each year the seasonal status of every series is reevaluated based upon certain statistical criteria .
Using these criteria , BLS economists determine whether a series should change its status from " not seasonally adjusted " to " seasonally adjusted " , or vice versa .
If any of the 81 components of the U.S. city average all items index change their seasonal adjustment status from seasonally adjusted to not seasonally adjusted , not seasonally adjusted data will be used in the aggregation of the dependent series for the last 5 years , but the seasonally adjusted indexes before that period will not be changed .
Twenty - eight of the 81 components of the U.S. city average all items index are not seasonally adjusted for 2020 .
Contact Information
For additional information about the CPI visit www.bls.gov/cpi or contact the CPI Information and Analysis Section at 202-691-7000 or cpi_info@bls.gov .
For additional information on seasonal adjustment in the CPI visit www.bls.gov/cpi/seasonal-adjustment/home.htm or contact the CPI seasonal adjustment section at 202-691-6968 or cpiseas@bls.gov .
Information from this release will be made available to sensory impaired individuals upon request .
Voice phone : 202-691-5200 ; Federal Relay Service : 1-800-877-8339 .
The stock market boost came after a previous drop of 500 points A late share - buying spree has seen the Dow Jones index in New York close up more than 10 % .
It came after European shares had also closed higher , regaining some of the ground lost in previous sessions .
The Dow closed ahead 889.35 points , or 10.88 % at 9065.12 .
The tech - based Nasdaq also closed up 9.53 % , and the broader S&P 500 was ahead 10.79 % .
Analysts said investors were buying in anticipation that the Federal Reserve would cut interest rates on Wednesday .
Some believe the US central bank will cut its key Fed fund rate by half a point to 1 % .
Trading volumes increase
Others have put the increase down to shares having fallen too low , with the opinion that stock prices had finally touched bottom .
Shares trading on the day was up 17 % on the average over the past three months .
The Dow Jones experienced its second biggest one - day points gain ever , after it had dropped 500 points on each of the two previous trading days .
Volatility has been the watchword over the past few weeks - out of 20 trading days there have been only two where the Dow did not close up or down by triple digits .
At close on Tuesday the Nasdaq was ahead 143.57 points at 1,649.47 points and the S&P 500 was ahead 91.59 points to 940.51 .
The late surge came amid a strong rebound in global markets , but the leap at the end of the US session took market participants by surprise .
" There does not appear to be a specific news item to account for the surge , " analysts at Briefing .com said .
Consumer confidence
In fact the market was able to overlook a report earlier in the day which indicated that US consumer confidence was at its lowest since records began in 1967 , a sign that share pricing may already have factored in any downbeat economic data .
" There is nothing fundamental that came out today or yesterday that would take it up or down .
We 're all groping for something meaningful to talk about , " said Bob Andres , chief investment strategist at Portfolio Management Consultants .
Shares of aircraft maker Boeing were up 15 % to $ 48.91 after the manufacturer reached a provisional deal with its largest union to end a strike and end losses put at $ 100 m ( £ 64 m ) a day .
On a day of no losers on the Dow , other major winners were AIG - recently rescued by the Fed - which was up 35.66 % to $ 1.83 , Alcoa - up 19.25 % , General Motors - up 14.68 % , and Verizon which was ahead 14.63 % Volkswagen boost The New York surge came amid a strong rebound in global markets .
Earlier , in London , the FTSE closed up 73.79 points , or 1.9 % , at 3,926.38 while in Paris the Cac 40 gained 47.57 points , or 1.6 % , to end at 3,114.92 .
Frankfurt 's Dax rose 485.81 points , or 11.3 % , to 4,823.45 .
Earlier , Asian markets finished up after a late rally .
In Germany , the Dax was mainly boosted by Volkswagen , whose shares have soared since Porsche announced on Sunday that it had upped its VW stake .
This has caused investors to scramble for the remaining VW shares in the market .
As a result , VW - Europe 's largest carmaker - was the clear winner on the German index , finishing the day up 81.7 % at 945 euros .
Asian rallies Earlier in Japan , the Nikkei 225 dropped below 7,000 points for the first time in 26 years , but later recovered to close up 459.02 points or 6.4 % at 7,621.92 .
Japanese authorities said that to stabilise markets , they would bring forward a ban on traders selling shares that they did not already own .
As was seen later in the US , other Asian economies also had late rallies and clawed back some of their earlier losses .
Hong Kong 's Hang Seng closed up 14.4 % , which was its biggest daily percentage gain for 11 years .
It followed a 12.7 % decline on Monday .
Even after Tuesday 's gains , the Nikkei and Hang Seng have fallen more than 30 % since the beginning of the month .
South Korea 's Kospi index initially dropped 2.6 % , but later rose to finish 5 % up on the day .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
So , President Bush signed protocols yesterday that pave the way for Albania and Croatia to join NATO .
You can relax now , America – Tirana 's got your back .
But the real subtext for this ceremony is the current Cold War Lite with Russia .
In a statement , Bush made a plug for bringing former Soviet Republics like Ukraine and Georgia into the fold :
Today I reiterate America 's commitment to the NATO aspirations of Ukraine ,
Georgia , Bosnia - Herzegovina , and Montenegro .
The door to NATO membership also remains open to the people of Serbia , should they choose that path .
All these nations treasure the blessings of liberty because they remember the pain of tyranny .
And they share NATO 's solemn commitment to defend the free against the unfree , and the weak against the strong .
Now there 's a statement to tweak the Kremlin .
The Russians have staunchly opposed Georgian and Ukrainian aspirations to join NATO .
And it 's important to remember here that things have not exactly cooled off in the post - Soviet space since Russia rolled into Georgia in August to prop up secessionists in South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
In recent days , fighting has flared up along the de facto border of Abkhazia ; European Union ceasefire monitors are still negotiating access to South Ossetia .
And the Russians still seem intent on stirring the pot in Ukraine .
Over the weekend , the New York Times profiled the man to watch : Moscow Mayor Yury Luzhkov .
The boss of Moscow ( whose wife , by sheer coincidence , is the city 's top construction magnate ) has emerged as a sort of unofficial emissary to pro-Moscow separatists throughout Russia 's " near abroad . "
[ PHOTO : U.S. Army ]
Browse > Home News / STATE OF EMERGENCY
STATE OF EMERGENCY
INTERNATIONAL DISASTER DECLARATION
info@republicoflakotah.com , 605-867-1025
RE : Oglala Sioux Pine Ridge Indian Reservation
STATE OF EMERGENCY
Governor Michael Rounds of South Dakota has declared the State a disaster area .
However , Indian Reservations are NOT included in the declaration .
I , Russell Means , due to the total absence of Tribal Government and its leadership , and as candidate for Tribal President and Chief Facilitator of the Republic of Lakotah , am declaring an INTERNATIONAL STATE OF EMERGENCY .
The reason for this declaration is two - fold : 1 ) The current life - threatening severe weather conditions and 2 ) The ongoing genocidal policies of the United States Government that still remain unaddressed :
Unknown thousands are still stranded by high snow drifts for 3rd straight day .
Unknown number of people without heat and / or electricity .
Impassable road conditions preventing emergency services and propane deliveries .
Confirmed fatality due to inability to get to dialysis treatment .
Status of other dialysis patients is unknown .
Second fatality bled to death due to no emergency services .
Tribal President Steele and Vice President Brewer ’s whereabouts unknown as reported by Officers of the Bureau of Indian Affairs ( B.I.A. ) .
Officers rescue mother with new born and 2 - year old child from heatless home .
Tribal Police dispatch unable to determine road conditions .
Wide - spread telephone service interruptions .
Hardest hit is the eastern portion of the Reservation , which includes Pass Creek , Eagle Nest and Medicine Root Districts .
Also Red Shirt Table , Cuny Table , Slim Buttes , Oglala and Porcupine communities .
Unconfirmed reports of National Guard due to arrive today .
Genocidal Results of the Failed American Indian Policies of the United States Government :
MORTALITY :
Lakotah men have a life expectancy of less than 44 years , lowest of any country in the World ( excluding AIDS ) including Haiti .
Lakotah death rate is the highest in the United States .
The Lakotah infant mortality rate is 300 % more than the U.S. Average .
One out of every four Lakotah children born are fostered or adopted out to non-Indian homes .
Diseases such as tuberculosis , polio , etc. are present .
Cancer is now at epidemic proportions !
Teenage suicide rate is 150 % higher than the U.S national average for this group .
POVERTY :
Median income is approximately $ 2,600 to $ 3,500 per year .
97 % of our Lakotah people live below the poverty line .
Many families cannot afford heating oil , wood or propane and many residents use ovens to heat their homes .
UNEMPLOYMENT :
Unemployment rates on our reservations are 80 % or higher .
Government funding for job creation is lost through cronyism and corruption .
HOUSING :
Elderly die each winter from hypothermia ( freezing ) .
1/3 of the homes lack basic clean water and sewage while 40 % lack electricity .
60 % of Reservation families have no telephone .
60 % of housing is infected with potentially fatal black molds .
There is an estimated average of 17 people living in each family home ( may only have two to three rooms ) .
Some homes , built for 6 to 8 people , have up to 30 people living in them .
DRUGS AND ALCOHOL :
More than half the Reservation ’s adults battle addiction and disease .
Alcoholism affects 9 in 10 families .
Two known meth - amphetamine labs allowed to continue operation .
Why ?
DISEASE :
The Tuberculosis rate on Lakotah reservations is approx .
800 % higher than the U.S national average .
Cervical cancer is 500 % higher than the U.S national average .
The rate of diabetes is 800 % higher than the U.S national average .
Federal Commodity Food Program provides high sugar foods that kill Native people through diabetes and heart disease .
INCARCERATION :
Indian children incarceration rate 40 % higher than whites .
In South Dakota , 21 percent of state prisoners are American Indians , yet they only make up 2 % of the population .
Indians have the second largest state prison incarceration rate in the nation .
Most Indians live on federal reservations .
Less than 2 % of Indians live where the state has jurisdiction !
THREATENED CULTURE :
As the name suggests , GUIs ( Graphical User Interfaces ) present their features and functions visually .
The human - computer interaction is heavily based on seeing things , looking for things and interacting with graphical UI elements .
Color is a main characteristic of any visual scene , not only on computer screens , but in any situation where we see something .
Because most of what we see and interact with in our everyday life is colored ( as opposed to shades of white - gray - black ) , we are very familiar with colors – maybe so much that we do n’t think about them a lot .
On the other hand , it does bother us when we need to read a dark - gray label on a black button .
So colors have the potential to boost or wreck the user experience .
This article will introduce the concept of user experience and highlight some aspects of colors and color perception together with recommendations for UI design .
User Experience
User Experience ( UX ) is a concept pertaining to the overall – or holistic – encounter between users and interactive technical systems .
More concretely , it ’s the degree of usability and appeal that a website or application provides to its users .
Great usability implies that an interactive product allows its users to efficiently accomplish their goals .
Well - known guidelines are provided by ISO 9241 - 110 [ 1 ] and Nielsen ’s Heuristics [ 2 ] .
Appeal refers to the emotional tie between users and a system they are interacting with .
Do users love it ?
Hate it ?
Do they think it ’s attractive or modern or engaging ?
Do they feel pride when they interact with it ?
Although appeal cannot be defined as concisely as usability , it is of equal importance for the success of a product because appealing systems are more enjoyable and desirable which increases their value .
Colors and the UI
Related Sponsored Content 3 Common Pitfalls in Microservice Integration – And How to Avoid Them
Color is the sensation that is invoked when light of wavelengths between 360nm and 720 nm hits our eyes and then is processed by our visual system [ 3 ] .
Our eyes feature three types of color receptors , each maximally receptive to long , medium , and short wavelengths of light .
These are known as L- , M- and S - cones .
As it can be seen in Figure 1 , a light with a wavelength of 530nm triggers the M - cones most , the L - cones slightly less and the S - cones just a little .
The perceived color impression would then be a green .
Fig .
1 : Color perception is achieved through three cone types ( after [ 4 ] ) .
On computer screens colors are defined through the RGB color model ( R stands for red , G for green and B for blue ) .
These three colors are called primary colors and correspond to the wavelengths the L- , M- and S - cone are most receptive for .
Primary colors cannot be generated by mixing other colors .
Instead , by mixing primary colors , all other colors can be generated .
Each pixel on a screen shows a color generated by the interplay of one red , one blue and one green light source that are so close to each other that they can not be distinguished .
Color Contrast
Typically , a colored object or area on a UI is not displayed in isolation , but is adjacent to or superimposed on another colored object or area .
This creates contrast effects .
Without sufficient contrast , we could not discriminate different parts on our screen .
There is a good reason why office applications like MS Word , Powerpoint , Excel , Outlook , etc. are based on a white background with black as a default font color – this provides the maximum contrast and therefore optimum legibility .
Apart from this , color contrast can be deliberately used to draw the visual attention of users to relevant UI elements that feature important information or require inputs .
Color contrast also lends itself well to boost the visual appeal of a UI .
Empirical studies show that warm colors ( e.g. red , yellow , orange ) are preferred on backgrounds of cool colors ( e.g. blue , green , purple ) and vice versa .
Contrast effects can also be detrimental for the user experience .
Two prominent examples are discussed in the following .
In general , any region in the visual field tends to induce its complementary color in neighboring areas .
For example , a gray square will tend to look greenish when surrounded by red , and reddish when it is surrounded by green .
This effect is known as simultaneous color contrast [ 4 ] .
On UIs it can sometimes be seen that the same control , e.g. a push button , looks strikingly different on backgrounds of different colors .
Another problematic contrast effect is chromatic aberration [ 5 ] .
Lenses , including the lenses in our eyes , bend lights of different wavelengths by unequal amounts .
The effect is that different colored stimuli are not projected at the same spot at the retina – an effect most noticeable for combinations of violet and red as well as blue and red ( see Figure 2 ) , because the wavelengths of violet and blue are at one end of the visual spectrum while the wavelength of red is at other end ( see Figure 1 ) .
Fig. 2 : Chromatic Aberration .
Consequently , the text in Figure 2 looks blurred against the background .
Because of this , contrasts of red and violet / blue should be avoided on a UI .
Despite this , red - blue color contrasts are pretty common , possibly because the person designing the UI tries to avoid the combination of red and green due to color deficiency reasons ( see color deficiency below ) .
Figure 3 shows combinations of background and foreground colors that provide a good contrast .
Background Color Black White Violet Blue Cyan Green Yellow Red Foreground Color Black good good good good
White good good good good Violet good good Blue good good good good Cyan good good Green good good Yellow good good Red good good good
Fig.
3 : Color combinations providing good contrasts .
Color Deficiencies
When people talk about color blindness they usually refer to the inability of perceiving certain colors .
It is more appropriate to call these conditions color deficiencies , because in the majority of cases people are not completely unable to perceive a certain color , but their perception is faulty [ 3 ] .
Color deficiencies occur when a cone type is either missing or working abnormally .
Table 1 shows the incidence rates for color deficiencies based on the affected L- , M- , and S - cones. 80 out of 1000 men and only 4 out of 1000 women have some sort of color deficiency .
Because the curves for the L - and M - cones are close to each other ( see Figure 1 ) , the effect of L - and M - cone based color deficiency is similar .
When there are problems with L - or M - cones the color appearance is mostly based on blue and yellow hues , the complimentary color pair red - green cannot be perceived correctly .
Color Deficiency Cause Color Vision Incidence [ % ] - - can see all colors Males : 92.0
Females : 99.6
Problems perceiving red & green L - cone loss or deficiency - see mostly or exclusively blue & yellow
- confuse red & green Males : 2.00
Females : 0.04 Problems perceiving red & green M - cone loss or deficiency - see mostly or exclusively blue & yellow
- confuse red & green Males : 6.00
Females : 0.39 Problems perceiving blue & yellow S - cone loss or deficiency - see mostly or exclusively red & green
- confuse blue & yellow Males : 0.004
Females : 0.002
Total color blindness L- , M- , S - cone loss cannot see any colors Males : 0.003
Females : 0.002
Table 1 : Color deficiencies and incidence rates ( after [ 3 ] ) .
Color deficiencies based on S - cones have the effect that color perception is based on red and green hues , the perception of the complimentary color pair blue and yellow is disturbed .
It is a very rare condition though , only affecting 4 out of 100,000 men and 2 out of 100,000 women .
The same is true for total color blindness which is caused by the absence of any cone types in the eyes : 3 out of 100,000 men and 2 out of 100,000 women cannot see any color hues , thus their vision is achromatic and solely based on shades of black , gray and white .
Based on the data in Table 1 the typical person suffering from color deficiency is a man having problems perceiving red and green .
The chance that a person has color perception problems other than for red - green is very low .
Actually , the chance that a person may suffer epileptic seizures triggered by blinking UI elements on the screen is 400 times higher [ 6 ] .
The question is to what extent color deficiency poses a problem for the usability of a product .
The answer is that it depends on the nature of the application .
In all those cases where colors are used for aesthetic reasons like on most company homepages , the impact of color perception problems is lower than for systems that use color to indicate status of any kind , e.g. control systems and dashboards .
In general , it is recommend not to rely on color alone for coding important information .
For example , indicating a system status via virtual red and green lights , is a problem for people with red - green color deficiencies .
They would have a hard time differentiating between the red and green lights .
So it is recommendable to provide a meaningful text label ( “ OK ” vs. “ Alarm ” ) or a symbol ( checkmark vs. exclamation mark ) in addition to the color coding .
Colors and Visual Appeal
Colors are well suited to increase the visual appeal of a software product .
We associate certain meanings with specific colors ( Table 2 ) .
These color stereotypes can be leveraged when designing a UI .
For example , it may make sense to base a clinical software application on white as this color is associated with cleanliness .
Another example is the homepage of the United Nations [ 7 ] which is held in blue , thus conveying peacefulness .
Color Stereotypical Meaning Red hot , stop , aggression , error , warning , fire , daring Violet female , cute , cotton - candy Orange warm , autumnal Yellow happy , sunny , cheerful , slow down , caution Brown warm , fall , dirty Green envy , jealousy , a novice , spring - like ( fertile ) , pastoral Blue peaceful , water , male Purple Royal White virginal , clean , innocent , cold Black evil , ghostly , death , fear , mourning Gray overcast , gloom , old age
Table 2 : Western color stereotypes ( after [ 8 ] ) .
It should be noted that the color associations in Table 2 pertain to western culture .
Because color stereotypes are culture - dependent , they can be quite different in other areas of the world .
Red , for example , means “ Death ” in Egypt , “ Life ” and “ Creativity ” in India and “ Happiness ” in China [ 9 ] .
Appealing UIs feature sets of colors that are coordinated and harmonious .
Creating color schemes is a skill that is anything but trivial because there are many factors to consider , including that the company ’s brand value has to be communicated and color associations may be needed to be provoked ( see color stereotypes above ) .
Care has to be taken that ergonomic issues are considered as well ( see contrast effects above ) .
There are a couple of different ways to create simple color schemes without the help of a graphical designer [ 10 ] .
For example , you can pick any three colors which are side by side on a 12 part color wheel ( analogous colors , see Fig. 4 ) .
Or you can select colors that lie directly opposite to each other on the color wheel ( complementary colors ) .
Remember though that the combination of red and green is critical for people with red- green color deficiencies ( see color deficiency above ) .
Fig .
4 : Color scheme based on analogous colors ( after [ 10 ] ) .
About the Author
Dr. Tobias Komischke has been working in the area of user experience for over 10 years .
He is a reviewer of technical journals and conferences and published more than 30 articles .
At Infragistics he is responsible for the user experience on the inside ( development ) and outside ( training & consulting ) .
Links& Literature
[ 1 ] ISO 9241 - 110 ( 2006 ) .
Ergonomics of human - system interaction – Part 110 : Dialog principles .
Berlin : Beuth .
[ 2 ] Nielsen , J. ( ) .
Nielsen , J. ( 1994 ) .
Heuristic evaluation .
In Nielsen , J. , and Mack , R.L. ( Eds. ) , Usability Inspection Methods .
New York City : John Wiley & Sons .
[ 3 ] Wyszecki , G , Stiles , W.S. ( 1982 ) .
Color science .
2nd edition .
New York City : John Wiley & Sons .
[ 4 ] Gleitman , H. ( 1991 ) .
Psychology .
3rd Edition .
New York City : W.W. Norton & Company .
[ 5 ] Kaiser , P. K. , Boynton , R. M. ( 1996 ) .
Human Color Vision .
Washington , D.C. : Optical Society of America .
[ 6 ]
Fisher R.S. , Harding G. , Erba G. , Barkley G.L. , Wilkins A. ( 2005 ) Photic - and pattern - induced seizures : a review for the Epilepsy Foundation of America Working Group Epilepsia , 46 ( 9 ) , 1426-1441 .
[ 7 ]
http://www.un.org/
[ 8 ]
Waters , C. ( 1996 ) .
Web Concept & Design .
Indianapolis : New Riders Publishing .
[ 9 ]
Russo , P. , & Boor , S. ( 1993 ) .
How fluent is your interface ?
Designing for international users .
INTERCHI '93 .
342-347 .
[ 10 ] Williams , R. ( 2008 ) .
The Non-Designer ”s Design Book .
3rd Edition .
New York City : Peachpit Press .
When inspectors do go to China , their reports sometimes read like a bureaucratic rendering of Mark Twain ’s “ Innocents Abroad . ”
During a 2001 trip , for example , two F.D.A. inspectors visited a plant that was exporting acetaminophen to the United States .
The plant had never been inspected .
“ The F.D.A. inspection team was met at the hotel in Wenzhou by representatives from Wenzhou No. 3 Pharmaceutical Factory and . . . transported by public ferry and then company vehicle to the manufacturing facility on Dong Tou Island off the coast of Wenzhou , ” their report states .
“ There is no street address or plot number , and the address of the facility is given only by the county and province . ”
Once the team arrived in what seemed like the middle of nowhere , the inspectors learned the drug was being manufactured at another plant  one that once had a similar name but had recently changed it .
“ In fact , ” the report continues , “ inspection found that there were initially three separate and independent firms operating under the names Wenzhou No. 1 Pharmaceutical Factory , Wenzhou No. 2 Pharmaceutical Factory and Wenzhou No. 3 Pharmaceutical Factory .
The location of Wenzhou No. 1 Pharmaceutical Factory was also determined by the F.D.A. inspection team during the visit to Wenzhou , and it was learned that the firm is operating under a new Chinese name ; however , the English translation of that name was not available . ”
So the two inspectors flew back to the
United States  at taxpayers ’ expense  never having inspected a thing .
The F.D.A. ’s apparent inability to keep names straight is no trivial matter .
One reason the agency failed to inspect the Changzhou plant that produced deadly heparin , for instance , was that someone mixed up the facility ’s name and concluded that the plant had already been inspected .
Chinese plant names , a vestige of its once strictly controlled economy , are often very similar , and translations can vary .
For instance , there are 57 separate drug master files  the basic F.D.A. record of a plant ’s name , location and approved product  with “ Shanghai ” in the name .
Some are obvious repeats , like the ones for “ Shanghai No. 6 Pharmaceutical Factory ” and “ Shanghai Number 6 Pharmaceutical Factory . ”
But others could be separate plants .
Or maybe not .
It ’s just too hard to tell .
Compounding the problem is the F.D.A. ’s antiquated technology .
Its computer systems are so awful that officials have no way of knowing which names , or which plants , are real .
To determine which factories need to be inspected , agency investigators must consult two incompatible databases , one of which lists 3,000 foreign drug plants exporting to the United States and the other 6,800 .
Which number is right ?
Nobody really knows .
Officials have told House investigators that their best guess for the number of foreign drug plants exporting to the United States is 2,967 , while the Government Accountability Office recently guessed 3,249 .
Neither can the agency tell in many cases when the plants were last inspected ( or , more important , which have never been inspected ) , where they are located or what products they make .
The combined ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach receive about 45 percent of all ship - borne trade that comes to the United States , or some 5.2 million containers a year .
When I visited one day in May , giant cranes were unloading and loading more than 30 ships , each bearing about 2,500 containers .
Some 40 to 50 of those containers  a tiny fraction of the total  were trucked to a gigantic warehouse about a half - mile from the ports .
There the F.D.A. and Customs and Border Protection cracked open shipping containers that they considered suspicious and then emptied the containers into a large examination area in front of the bays , arranging the boxes and crates as if they were pathologists lining up organs from an autopsy .
Just about every crate I saw contained some kind of food product .
One crate came from Indonesia , and its manifest said it contained products with chicken inside .
Indonesia plus chicken suggests avian flu to F.D.A. officials .
So they decided to take a look .
The crate turned out to contain chicken seasoning , but no actual chicken .
Still , the cans were sent off for testing .
Deeper into the guts of the container were glass jars of sambal terasi , a hot sauce .
They would probably be sent back because the F.D.A. requires makers of low - acid foods in jars or cans to register with the agency .
Chrome development team from left , Mark Larson , Brian Rakowski , Darin Fisher , and Ben Goodger *
Photo : Joe Pugliese * Brian Rakowski walks to the whiteboard in a small conference room in Building 41 on Google 's Mountain View campus .
A lanky , gregarious man in his twenties , Rakowski is the product manager of a top - secret project that 's been under way for more than two years .
The weekly Monday meeting of managers — or " leads , " as Google puts it in its nonhierarchical way — will be one of the last before the upcoming launch .
Rakowski writes 12 items on the board with a black dry - erase marker .
The first is " State of the Release . "
It 's late August , and the release in question is called Chrome , Google 's first Web browser .
Since a browser is the linchpin of Web activity — the framework for our searching , reading , buying , banking , Facebooking , chatting , video watching , music appreciation , and porn consumption — this is huge for Google , a step that needed to wait until the company had , essentially , come of age .
It is an explicit attempt to accelerate the movement of computing off the desktop and into the cloud — where Google holds advantage .
And it's an aggressive move destined to put the company even more squarely in the crosshairs of its rival Microsoft , which long ago crushed the most fabled browser of all , Netscape Navigator .
A Google browser has been rumored for so long that most people have stopped talking about it .
But the folks in this room know that the talking will soon begin again .
Chrome is due to rock the Web just 16 days from this meeting .
It turns out the state of the release is ... not so bad .
At Release Build Minus
One — ideally , the last version before the public beta hits the streets — there are only five " blocking " bugs , all of which Rakowski and team deem fixable .
" Things are looking good , " says Mark Larson , one of the tech leads .
" What are we missing ? " asks Sundar Pichai , Google 's vice president of product management .
" What 's keeping you up at night ? "
" It 's not Chrome , " says Darin Fisher , an engineer who coauthored the first prototype .
That gets a laugh because everyone knows he 's got a 10 - week - old at home .
Rakowski takes a red marker and puts an X next to the State of the Release item .
The Google browser is one step closer to reality .
Why is Google building a browser ?
A better question is , why did it take so long for Google to build a browser ?
After all , as Pichai says , " our entire business is people using a browser to access us and the Web . "
" The browser matters , " CEO Eric Schmidt says .
He should know , because he was CTO of Sun Microsystems during the great browser wars of the 1990s .
Google cofounders Larry Page and Sergey Brin know it , too .
" When I joined Google in 2001 , Larry and Sergey immediately said , ' We should build our own browser , ' " Schmidt says .
" And I said no . "
It was n't the right time , Schmidt told them .
" I did not believe that the company was strong enough to withstand a browser war , " he says .
" It was important that our strategic aspirations be relatively under the radar . "
Nonetheless , the idea persisted — and rumors percolated .
After a 2004 New York Times article quoted " a person who has detailed knowledge of the company 's business " saying a browser was in the works , Schmidt had to publicly deny it .
But behind the scenes , the subject remained a running argument between Schmidt and the founders .
As a kind of compromise , Google assembled a team to work on improvements for the open source browser Firefox , spearheaded by browser wizards Ben Goodger and Fisher .
( Both had worked with Mozilla , the nonprofit organization behind Firefox . )
Another hiring coup came when Linus Upson , a 37 - year - old engineer whose pedigree includes a stint at NeXT , signed up as a director of engineering .
" This was very clever on Larry and Sergey 's part , " Schmidt says , " because , of course , these people doing Firefox extensions are perfectly capable of doing a great browser . "
Sure enough , in the spring of 2006 , the Firefox group began talking among themselves about designing a new app .
They loved Firefox — but they recognized a flaw in all current browsers .
When Microsoft's Internet Explorer and the codebase at the heart of Firefox were originally conceived , browsing was less complex .
Now , however , functions that previously could be performed only on the desktop — email , spreadsheets , database management — are increasingly handled online .
In the coming era of cloud computing , the Web will be much more than just a means of delivering content — it will be a platform in its own right .
The problem with revamping existing browsers to accommodate this concept is that they have developed an ecology of add - on extensions ( toolbars , RSS readers , etc. ) that would be hopelessly disrupted by a radical upgrade .
" As a Firefox developer , you love to innovate , but you 're always worried that it means in the next version all the extensions will be broken , " Fisher says .
" And indeed , that 's what happens . "
The conclusion was obvious :
Only by building its own software could Google bring the browser into the cloud age and potentially trigger a spiral of innovation not seen since Microsoft and Netscape one - upped each other almost monthly .
Chrome : Here 's What Shines
Google wanted a browser optimized for cloud computing , with a design emphasis on simplicity and speed .
Key features :- Speed Blazing fast JavaScript engine opens the door to more advanced Web applications .
Navigation
The " omnibox " combines the search and address boxes , and pop -up thumbnails show your most - visited destinations .
The " omnibox " combines the search and address boxes , and pop -up thumbnails show your most - visited destinations .
Availability
The open source software was launched in over 40 languages , but Windows only ; Mac and Linux versions are in the works .
The open source software was launched in over 40 languages , but Windows only ; Mac and Linux versions are in the works .
Reliability Tabs run in isolation , so if one crashes , no others are affected .
Also , you can drag tabs to create new windows .
Tabs run in isolation , so if one crashes , no others are affected .
Also , you can drag tabs to create new windows .
Privacy Browsing history is now searchable and editable ; incognito mode offers private surfing .
One key change they had in mind was something called a multiprocess architecture , the system that helps the computer keep going when an application crashes or freezes .
Why not extend that idea to browsers , so if something crashes in a tab , the other tabs are unperturbed ?
Also , for that matter , why not set things up so that you can drag an existing tab to create a new window ?
Starting from scratch had other advantages .
You could design it to look cleaner and run faster , the twin dogmas of the Google corporate religion .
Around June 2006 , Goodger , Fisher , and another former Mozillan named Brian Ryner cooked up a small prototype .
Their first big decision involved the choice of a rendering engine , the software that processes the HTML code of a Web page into the stuff that appears on your screen .
The two major open source options were Gecko , used by Firefox , and WebKit , which powers Apple 's Safari browser .
The word was that WebKit ( which had already been adopted by the group developing Google 's Android mobile operating system ) could be nasty fast — three times as fast as Gecko , in one example .
In a few weeks , they had a simple application running WebKit on Windows that kept going even when a Web page crashed a tab .
Early on , Goodger recalls , " our prototypes had a picture of a little tab that was unhappy , and if a tab died you 'd see that .
It was the first piece of personality in the product . "
Not long after that , Brin and Page came by to check in on the furtive beginnings of their browser .
" I remember sitting at my desk , which at the time had a stuffed snake running along the back of it , " says Pam Greene , an engineer on the team .
" Sergey was bouncing on one of those exercise balls , watching Darin give a demo , and petting the snake . "
No one will say exactly when the browser project got the official green light .
Pichai recalls an executive meeting when Schmidt no longer seemed as opposed as he had been .
If Google did go for it , the CEO said , the team had to produce something very different from Explorer and Firefox .
In addition , a Google browser would have to be fast , and it would have to be open source .
Which , of course , was exactly what the team already had in mind .
In any case , by the autumn of 2006 the line between unofficial concept and formal project had been crossed .
" One Friday , there was a meeting called with like an hour 's notice , " engineer Brett Wilson says .
" We were told , ' The management is thinking about doing our own browser — what do you think about that ? '
Everybody was a combination of excited and freaked out . "
Part of the freak - out was they knew full well that building a competitive browser was a massive undertaking .
There were also mixed feelings because of the group 's attachment to Firefox , an icon of open source development and a hedge against Microsoft 's dominance .
" The fear was that people were going to read this as sabotaging Firefox , " says Erik Kay , an engineer who joined the team in October 2006 .
The Googlers were mollified by the fact that their browser would be 100 percent open source : Google 's innovations could potentially find their way into the Mozilla codebase .
" We really want to make Firefox successful , as well as other open source browsers , " Upson says .
As part of Google 's Firefox effort , Pichai had been meeting with Mozilla head Mitchell Baker , and at some point he told her about Google 's project .
Baker now says a Google browser is a mixed bag for Mozilla and Firefox .
She sees the effort as a vindication of Mozilla 's belief that browser choice is essential .
" If Google comes up with some good new ideas , that 's really great for users , " she says .
" Competition spurs the best in us . "
But she also understands that many of her users will download Google 's app .
" We expect people will try it and come back , " she says .
" Mozilla exists because independence is important . "
The Illustrated History : To introduce Chrome and its development team , Google asked noted artist Scott McCloud to create a 32 - page comic ( available online ) that depicts the browser 's two - year gestation and special features .
A less weighty issue was what to dub the product .
After considering some ridiculous codenames ( Upson says they were so awful that he took the un-Googly step of a top - down veto ) , the project borrowed its moniker from the term used to describe the frame , toolbars , and menus bordering a browser window : chrome .
One more hire was key .
Because Chrome was supposed to be optimized to run Web applications , a crucial element would be the JavaScript engine , a " virtual machine " that runs Web application code .
The ideal person to construct this was a Danish computer scientist named Lars Bak .
In September 2006 , after more than 20 years of nonstop labor designing virtual machines , Bak had been planning to take some time off to work on his farm outside Århus .
Then Google called .
Bak set up a small team that originally worked from the farm , then moved to some offices at the local university .
He understood that his mission was to provide a faster engine than in any previous browser .
He called his team 's part of the project " V8 . "
" We decided we wanted to speed up JavaScript by a factor of 10 , and we gave ourselves four months to do it , " he says .
A typical day for the Denmark team began between 7 and 8 am ; they programmed constantly until 6 or 7 at night .
The only break was for lunch , when they would wolf down food in five minutes and spend 20 minutes at the game console .
" We are pretty damn good at Wii Tennis , " Bak says .
They were also pretty good at writing a JavaScript engine .
" We just did some benchmark runs today , " Bak says a couple of weeks before the launch .
Indeed , V8 processes JavaScript 10 times faster than Firefox or Safari .
And how does it compare in those same benchmarks to the market - share leader , Microsoft 's IE 7 ?
Fifty - six times faster .
" We sort of underestimated what we could do , " Bak says .
Speed may be Chrome 's most significant advance .
When you improve things by an order of magnitude , you have n't made something better — you 've made something new .
" As soon as developers get the taste for this kind of speed , they 'll start doing more amazing new Web applications and be more creative in doing them , " Bak says .
Google hopes to kick - start a new generation of Web - based applications that will truly make Microsoft 's worst nightmare a reality :
The browser will become the equivalent of an operating system .
Google also brought in reinforcements to implement the multiprocess architecture that allowed each open tab to run like a separate , self - contained program .
In May 2007 , it acquired GreenBorder Technologies , a software security firm whose technology was designed to isolate IE and Firefox activities into virtual sessions , or " sandboxes , " where malware intrusions could n't mess with other activities or data on your computer .
When the deal was announced publicly , tech pundits wondered whether it meant that Google was going into the antivirus business .
Only after the acquisition did GreenBorder 's engineers learn that their job was to construct sandboxes for the tabs of a new browser .
" It was confusing , " says Carlos Pizano , one of the GreenBorder hires .
" They would not say what they wanted to sandbox . "
The team was growing , but the process never got bogged down in bureaucracy .
In the project 's early stages , Chromers would all have lunch together at a table in one of the Google cafés .
Soon even the largest table could n't accommodate them all .
Working in an open source spirit , every engineer was free to check out any piece of code and tweak or improve it .
Rakowski always tried to keep things light , one day awarding tins of chrome polish to the best bug catchers .
As the plumbing aspects of the product fell into place , activity focused on user interface .
From the beginning , the Chrome team hoped that its visual presentation would be so understated that people would n't even think they were using a browser .
The mantra became " Content , not chrome , " which is sort of weird given the name of the browser .
( " We 've learned to live with the irony , " Mark Larson says . )
The clearest expression of this comes when you drag a tab containing a Web application like Gmail to its own separate window and specify that you want an " app shortcut . "
At that point , the tabs , buttons , and address bars fall away and the Web app looks pretty much like a desktop app .
Welcome to the cloud era .
Any tab in Chrome can be dragged out to start a new window .
When deciding what buttons and features to include , the team began with the mental exercise of eliminating everything , then figuring out what to restore .
The back button ?
No-brainer .
The forward button ?
Less essential , but it survived .
But if you 're a big fan of the browser status bar — that meter that tells you what percent of a page has loaded — you 're out of luck with Chrome .
And then there was the bookmarks bar .
At first , engineers thought they could kill it .
Chrome introduces several new navigation methods , including one where the browser figures out where you want to go next with no typing required .
And when you do type something in , you use the " omnibox , " a combination of address bar and search box : Just tell it what you 're thinking and it delivers a Web address , search results , or popular destinations that fit your query , all in non-intrusive text underneath the box .
It 's a bulked - up version of " I'm Feeling Lucky . "
Still , user tests showed that some people just love to navigate by clicking on the bookmark bar .
The compromise :
If the user has previously configured the bar in IE or Firefox , Chrome will import the setup .
Otherwise , users wo n't have a bookmark bar unless they choose to .
It 's incredible that something as potentially game - changing as a Google browser has stayed under wraps for two years .
It was n't until mid-2007 , about a year into the project , that the team let employees outside the group even see what they were doing .
At the first of a series of Tech Talks featuring the current prototype ( events designed , in part , as a way of recruiting internally for the ever - growing team ) the reaction was volcanic .
Googlers broke into spontaneous applause when various features , like dragging a tab into a new window , were demo'd .
As the number of people who knew about Chrome increased , the inevitable occurred — word did leak out to a blog or two , yet nothing came of those stray items .
No reporter put it all together .
" I think it was because rumors about Google browsers have been around so long — it 's like sightings of Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster , " Upson says .
On the eve of the launch , Pichai shares some of his ambitions for Chrome .
How many people will use it ?
" Many millions , " he says .
" I want my mom to use it .
I want my dad to use it . "
The Google imprimatur does n't assure success , but Pichai believes that even if Chrome does n't snare huge market share , its innovations will improve the landscape .
" We benefit directly if the Web gets better , " he says .
As launch approaches , the team has just moved into new space in a freshly renovated building on the Google campus , and there 's another all - hands gathering in the biggest conference room available .
It 's standing room only .
Milk and cookies are provided .
After some initial business , Rakowski hands the floor over to Goodger .
The rumpled engineer talks about the benefits of making Chrome an open source product — the code will be publicly released and a community will emerge to determine the browser 's evolution .
" We 'll be able to scale our testing efforts , " he says .
" It 'll enable people to do things we have n't thought of .
And it'll generate trust that we 're not doing something evil . "
As the meeting breaks up , the energy level is over the top , and not just because of the sugar rush .
The Chrome team is close to unleashing the product that Google was destined to create .
First , though , there are five bugs to swat .
Senior writer Steven Levy ( steven_levy@wired.com ) also writes about Jay Walker 's in the October issue of Wired .
Infographic : Chrome Enters the Battleground of Browser Development
Prices for the flat screens in televisions , personal computers and cellphones have plummeted in recent years  but the decline would have been even faster if it had n’t been for an international price - fixing cartel , the Justice Department said on Wednesday .
Three leading flat - screen producers  LG Display of South Korea , Sharp of Japan and Chunghwa Picture Tubes of Taiwan  pleaded guilty and agreed to pay a total of $ 585 million in criminal fines for their role in fixing the price of liquid - crystal display panels .
LG is paying the most : a $ 400 million fine , the second - highest criminal fine ever imposed by the Justice Department ’s antitrust division .
The largest was the $ 500 million paid in 1999 by F. Hoffmann - La Roche , a Swiss pharmaceutical giant , for leading a price - fixing cartel in vitamin supplements .
The settlement , legal experts say , is unlikely to be the end of the flat - panel case .
Under the settlement , the three companies have agreed to cooperate with the Justice Department ’s continuing investigation .
Thomas O. Barnett , assistant attorney general in charge of the department ’s antitrust division , pointed out at a news conference on Wednesday that the American investigation involved the coordinated efforts of enforcement officials in Europe and Asia , as well as the United States .
WE ALL know about the threat to the Great Barrier Reef from extreme climate change , but the Australian Conservation Foundation wants to ram home to Victorians that the effects of a hotter world will hit much closer to home .
Melbourne now sweats through about nine days of hotter - than - 35 - degrees each year , but by 2030 this is expected to triple to 27 .
The Great Barrier Reef .
In Darwin , the picture is even worse , with a massive 312 stifling days predicted every year .
At these temperatures , not only will the lawn die off ; so , too , will the great tradition of the Aussie barbecue .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On the campaign trail , Barack Obama frequently cited his desire to shutter the US military ’s detention and interrogation facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
But with the election over and Obama set to assume the presidency in January , campaign rhetoric is giving way to hard political and legal realities .
Closing Guantanamo raises a host of questions , such as whether to move detainees to the United States or repatriate them to their countries of origin ; how to proceed with pending criminal prosecutions ; and whether prosecutors will be able to use evidence acquired through torture .
The Obama team has no clear answers as yet , but a group of human rights activists and legal scholars are arguing that simply closing Guantanamo , while a good start , will not be enough .
They have called for an independent , nonpartisan commission to investigate Guantanamo and the rest of the secret archipelago of US detention and interrogation facilities created after 9/11 .
At a press conference on Wednesday , the Human Rights Center and the International Human Rights Law Clinic , both at the University of California - Berkeley , along with the New York City - based Center for Constitutional Rights , released a new report on Guantanamo ’s human costs .
“ We ’ve heard a lot of stories about the methods of interrogation , ” said CCR executive director Vincent Warren .
“ But often missing from that discussion is how those interrogations have been experienced by these men and how they have taken the scars , literal and psychological , back into the world at large . ”
He notes that the Gitmo experience “ has had a devastating effect on human beings ’ ability to reconnect to their previous lives . ”
Between July 2007 and July 2008 , researchers from the human rights groups interviewed 112 people — 62 of them former detainees now living in nine countries , the rest former US government officials , NGO representatives , detainee attorneys , and former military and civilian staff at US detention facilities around the world .
Over half of the detainees interviewed reported harsh treatment , such as shackling , beatings , exposure to extreme temperatures , sexual humiliation , and desecration of the Koran .
Two - thirds claimed to now suffer psychological problems resulting from their detention , and virtually all complained that they ’ve been unable to find employment since their release , thanks in large part to what the report ’s authors call the “ Guantanamo stigma . ”
Twenty - four of the former detainees interviewed said they had not been mistreated .
In several cases , detainees reported developing friendly relationships with their US interrogators after their captors acknowledged in private conversations that these detainees were innocent and did not belong in detention .
The detention of innocent people has been a problem in Guantanamo and elsewhere , the result of hefty bounties offered by US forces in Afghanistan for Taliban and Al Qaeda fighters .
Hundreds of innocents were caught up in dragnets , the victims of greed or personal vendettas .
Of the 770 people imprisoned at Guantanamo since 2002 , all but 255 have been released .
Just 23 detainees have been charged with crimes , and of those only 2 have been convicted .
Focusing on the experiences of former detainees not only personalizes the issue but also “ begins to give us the tools to talk about transition , both in the presidential transition about policy and also with respect to interrogation techniques , ” said Warren .
Looking to rehabilitate the US justice system in the eyes of the international community , the report recommends the creation of a commission that would have access to classified documents , power to subpoena testimony from key witnesses , and the freedom to recommend criminal charges .
“ This is not a witch hunt , ” said Laurel Fletcher , director of Berkeley ’s International Human Rights Law Clinic .
“ But it is a recommendation that will lead to a serious examination of both what ’s gone right and what ’s gone wrong , and how to make it better .
We believe that Guantanamo cannot be swept under the rug . ”
Before leaving office , President Bush could issue a blanket pardon to all those involved in the application of what his administration called “ enhanced interrogation techniques . ”
But , Fletcher contends , that would be misguided .
“ In order to make sure that there are enough disincentives for these types of programs to be put in place in the future , either in the next administration or in future administrations , there has to be some level of accountability , ” agreed Warren .
There are no signs yet how the Obama administration will handle the thorny issue of Gitmo .
“ Even if President Obama on his first day in office signs an executive order to close down the facility at Guantanamo , that really is the beginning of the discussion , ” said Warren .
“ The magnitude of the Bush policy has to be countered with the magnitude of the Obama policy . ”
And that means more than simply hanging up a “ closed ” sign at Guantanamo .
Photo by flickr user burge5000 used under a Creative Commons license .
A reader writes :
I would agree with Ross Douthat 's point that the difference between the theory of " stress positions " and the reality of their systematic application is a distinction that is easier to maintain in the abstract than in the real world .
The problem is that the actual visualization of " enhanced interrogation techniques " takes a kind of difficult , forced empathy that is very easy to glide over unless you sit still mentally and actually take your mind to the circumstances , the conditions , the minutes of what that experience might be like .
And if you do n't do that , it becomes that much easier to rationalize the behavior .
In some horrific way , Abu Ghraib removed the last excuse to rationalize it .
And that is why I find the over - reach of the Bush - Cheney administration more explicable early on , and utterly indefensible thereafter .
To persist in the policy even after Abu Ghraib , and to insist that the right to torture anyone is a permanent power inherent in the American executive is simply unforgivable .
I cannot imagine any founding father agreeing that the constitution allows an American president to name anyone he wants an " enemy combatant " and to seize him indefinitely and torture him at will to procure confessions to justfy the seizure in the first place .
Now look again at the photograph of US citizen Jose Padilla above .
Again : it 's just a glimpse of the hell Cheney created .
Padilla was charged with planning to detonate a dirty bomb in a major city , picked up on American soil , and thrown into a torture chamber until he was made insane .
The original charges were dropped and the ones he was convicted on relatively trivial .
He 's no angel -- but Americans do not need to be angels to be free of this kind of brutality .
go out , hav fun , we B gud !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Will DSLs allow business people to write software rules without involving programmers ?
When people talk about DSLs it 's common to raise the question of business people writing code for themselves .
I like to apply the COBOL inference to this line of thought .
That is that one of the original aims of COBOL was to allow people to write software without programmers , and we know how that worked out .
So when any scheme is hatched to write code without programmers , I have to ask what 's special this time that would make it succeed where COBOL ( and so many other things ) have failed .
I do think that programming involves a particular mind - set , an ability to both give precise instructions to a machine and the ability to structure a large amount of such instructions to make a comprehensible program .
That talent , and the time involved to understand and build a program , is why programming has resisted being disintermediated for so long .
It 's also why many " non-programming " environments end up breeding their own class of programmers - in - fact .
That said , I do think that the greatest potential benefit of DSLs comes when business people participate directly in the writing of the DSL code .
The sweet spot , however is in making DSLs business - readable rather than business - writeable .
If business people are able to look at the DSL code and understand it , then we can build a deep and rich communication channel between software development and the underlying domain .
Since this is the Yawning Crevasse of Doom in software , DSLs have great value if they can help address it .
With a business - readable DSL , programmers write the code but they show that code frequently to business people who can understand what it means .
These customers can then make changes , maybe draft some code , but it 's the programmers who make it solid and do the debugging and testing .
This is n't to say that there 's no benefit in a business - writable DSL .
Indeed a couple of years ago some colleagues of mine built a system that included just that , and it was much appreciated by the business .
It 's just that the effort in creating a decent editing environment , meaningful error messages , debugging and testing tools raises the cost significantly .
While I 'm quick to use the COBOL inference to diss many tools that seek to avoid programmers , I also have to acknowledge the big exception : spreadsheets .
All over the world suprisingly big business functions are run off the back of Excel .
Serious programmers tend to look down their noses at these , but we need to take them more seriously and try to understand why they have been as successful as they are .
It 's certainly part of the reason that drives many LanguageWorkbench developers to provide a different vision of software development .
DENVER , Nov. 10 ( UPI ) -- A
Denver area babysitter said her pet parrot may have saved the life of a 2 - year - old girl by raising a ruckus when the toddler started choking .
The babysitter , who gave her name as Meagan , said she was using the bathroom in her home while babysitting for the 2 - year - old , Hannah , when she heard her parrot , Willie , screaming wildly , KCNC - TV , Denver reported Monday .
Advertisement
" Willie started screaming like I 'd never heard him scream before and he started flapping his wings , " Meagan said .
" Then he started saying ' mama baby ' over and over and over again until I came out and looked at Hannah and Hannah 's face was turning blue because she was choking on her pop tart . "
Meagan said she performed the Heimlich maneuver and stopped the young child 's choking .
" If ( Willie ) would n't have warned me , I probably would n't have come out of the bathroom in time because she was already turning blue , her lips were blue and everything , " Meagan said .
Love your program Carlos , and I have also noticed a better difference in my interaction with women already !
My question is :
There is this goth / industrial dance club in downtown Austin were I was hanging out with a buddy of mine one night .
After talking for a while he went to go dance and I was left alone at my table .
I did n’t want to look like some loner wierdo so I decided to do what I ’m not very good at …. dancing .
I did n’t want to seem insecure by doing some nervous looking half - ass “ bob my head & snap my fingers ” routine , so I just let it out as uninhibited as I could without running into anyone .
I think I might have made a fool of myself and I felt a very uncomfortable feeling of people staring at me .
When I found my friend he was talking to this girl I saw on the dance floor so I went up to them ( just to be sociable , no pick - up ) and she darted of as fast as she could ( if she liked my friend would n’t she be more polite with one of his buddies ? )
I like this club alot and I get along pretty good with the owner and his staff , even on that night .
However I would like the general people to be comfortable with me so my question is this :
Is there any way I can repair this social damage and still make friends ( not just meet girls ) with the regular patrons ?
Am I forever branded as “ that guy ” ?
– J
______________________
CARLOS XUMA ANSWERS :
It ’s funny , but there seems to be a lot of advertising and social awareness that is based around guy ’s fears of being “ that guy . ”
Of course “ that guy ” is always someone who is unbelievably dorky , or just NOT the cool guy .
Now if by “ that guy ” you mean the guy who is in his own reality , makes his own fun , and does n’t give a shit about what other people think , then YES – BE THAT GUY !
Look , the best thing you can do is to not even allow that impression that you ’ve created “ social damage ” to creep into your head .
We always seem to create a horrific scenario when we feel like we ’ve made a social mistake , but in fact , the mistake was that you were not OWNING your behavior .
I ’ve been a complete asshole , but I owned it , and I did n’t make excuses or even run around looking for forgiveness .
I just went on with my life .
The chick that ran off probably is so caught up in appearances and superficial “ what will people think of me ” childish thinking that she ’s not capable of hanging with the fun people .
I would have run after her and caught her .
Someone like that deserves a little social “ awareness . ”
No , you ’re not forever branded .
You just need to set out to establish some social comfort for yourself there by being consistent with yourself , and really pulling people into your reality a bit more .
If you were a punk and complete butt munch , then I say make amends and get over it .
Chill and be the cool guy at the club for a few weeks .
No one will remember it by the next weekend .
What was the last socially awkward thing you remember happening to someone else ?
I ca n’t even remember the last person to do something .
We just forget these things .
This is a bit complicated to explain here , but you ’ll probably get a lot out of this :
HOW TO BE A CONFIDENT MAN – even if you ’re with a bunch of lamers .
It ’s where every guy who wants to improve his inner game needs to start .
I hope this helped …
CX
We warned you that Google would soon be snapping shots of your backyard with GeoEye - 1 , a military - controlled satellite with the highest - resolution terrestrial camera now in orbit .
Well , yesterday at high noon Eastern time , Larry and Sergei 's little baby started snapping .
But according to Wired , GeoEye 's communications guy says " this is the opposite of a spy satellite . "
Yes , it makes sense .
" Spies do n't put info on the internet and sell imagery , " reasons GeoEye's Mark Brender , who stresses that for GeoEye and its Googlicious patron , these images are specifically intended for customers .
( For creeping irony , refer to Joseph Heller 's Catch - 22 . )
No , see , the spy material is actually something totally different — that happens to also come from the same satellite .
According to the same dude , the camera is capable of recording classified images to a resolution of 41 centimeters , or as Wired puts it , " close enough to zoom in on the home plate of a baseball diamond . "
These pics will go to the National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency , who is putting up $ 502 million , even even than Google .
So instead of Larry and Sergei getting those shots of you in a bikini , they 'll go to Dick Cheney .
I am so relieved .
[ GeoEye Image Gallery via Wired ]
Advertisement
Doug French has an article on LRC about deflation today , where he quotes the worries of people like James K. Galbraith , Arthur Laffer and Ambrose Evans - Pritchard about deflation .
Evans - Pritchard argues that deflation has the effect of causing people to withhold shopping because they wait for prices to go down and that it increases the burden of debt .
It is true that all other things being equal price deflation will increase people 's willingness to postpone purchases , but that is no different from the effects of higher nominal interest rates , and to the extent nominal interest rates fall with inflation it will have no effect .
And seeing how people buy for example computers and mobile phones even though they have fallen in price for decades ( especially in quality adjusted terms ) , there is no reason to believe the effect will be that large .
And a limited degree of postponement of purchases really is n't that bad as it increases the pool of savings and the real money supply , and as people will eventually buy those things ( as Keynes put it , in the long run we 're all dead so eventually they 're gonna have to buy them ) .
As for increasing the burden of debt , that is not really a problem relating to lower price but to lower income .
In fact , given a certain level of nominal income , lower prices will increase the ability to pay back debts as they can use the money saved on lower prices .
It should finally be noted that if the government truly believed that deflation was a big problem , it is in fact easily solved .
And by that I am not referring to the various schemes that the Fed has put in place .
Nor even to Bernanke 's infamous helicopter scheme .
There is actually no reason to bother sending out a bunch of helicopters to distribute the money when there 's an easier and far more effective way of solving this problem : legalize counterfeiting !
Pass a law saying that as long as the government considers deflation to be a problem , anyone who makes new notes / bills that are fairly well made will get away with it and these bills will then be considered legal tender and allowed to be part of the money supply .
This should first of all create a lot of jobs in the printing press manufacturing industry and is a full - proof way of fighting deflation as people would soon have loads of money , something which would definitely cause prices to go up , which in turn would make people less willing to postpone purchases and dramatically reduce people 's debt burden .
Deflation problem solved !
But , would n't this create big redistributive effects as some will not be able to afford to buy printing presses and other necessary input * and perhaps make the people who print the most so rich that they might not bother do honest work anymore ?
Yes , indeed , it would .
But the point here is that this scheme really differs nothing from the regular process of inflation , except in the sense that we here have regular counterfeiters that benefits instead of the government and fractional reserve commercial banks , and that different people can earn their living through the redistributive effects of inflation instead of productive works .
So in other words , no argument ( except perhaps the opinion that they like better the people who now benefits from inflation ) can be made against this scheme that is not also an argument against inflation in general .*= Another more egalitarian and even more radical version of this scheme would be to allow people who can't afford to buy printing presses and other necessary input to buy it on credit and pay back using the money they later print .
But since that would clearly create hyperinflation , it is not as similar to the existing money creation process .
UPDATE : See also Bloomberg columnist Michael Lewis ' patriotic offer to take $ 5 billion from the TARP in return for a pledge to quickly spend all that in cooperation with his wife and family and relatives , thereby quickly putting the money in circulation and thus boosting the economy !
The Obama - Biden transition team on Fridaynamed two long - time net neutrality advocates to head up its Federal Communications Commission Review team .
Susan Crawford , a professor at the University of Michigan Law School , and Kevin Werbach , a former FCC staffer , organizer of the annual tech conferenceSupernova , and a Wharton professor , will lead the Obama - Biden transition team 's review of the FCC .
Both are highly - regarded outside - the - Beltway experts in telecom policy , and they 've both been pretty harsh critics of the Bush administration 's telecom policies in the past year .
Their jobs will be to review the agency and arm the president , vice president and prospective agency leader with all the information needed to make key decisions as they prepare to take over .
The choice of the duo strongly signals an entirely different approach to the incumbent - friendly telecom policymaking that 's characterized most of the past eight - years at the FCC .
This March at a telecom policy conference in Hollywood , for example , Crawford bluntly told Ambassador Richard Russell , the White House ' associate director on science and technology policy , that he lived in a fantasyland when he asserted that the United States ' roll - out of broadband is going well .
" I think it 's magical thinking to imagine that we 're somehow doing fine here , and I just want to make sure that we recognize that even the [ International Telecommunications Union ] says that between 1999 and 2006 we skipped form third to 20th place in penetration , " she noted acidly at the annual Tech Policy Summit , a gathering of top officials in the world of tech policy ( of which Wired.com was a participant and sponsor . )
" We 're not doing at all well for reasons that mostly have to do with the fact that we failed to have a US industrial policy pushing forward high - speed internet access penetration , and there 's been completely inadequate competition in this country for high speed internet access , " she said .
And in a final introductory statement during her talk ( that 's likely to send shivers down the spines of telecom company executives ) she said that she believes internet access is a " utility . "
" This is like water , electricity , sewage systems : Something that each and all Americans need to succeed in the modern era .
We 're doing very badly , and we 're in a dismal state , " she said at the time .
You can listen to Crawford discuss telecom policy here , and read Werbach 's columns on tech policy at internet - infrastructure journal Circle - ID .
Here are some other notable names from the world of tech .
These individuals have been named as leaders of the Obama - Biden 's transition team review teams ( from Change.gov : )
Office of Science and Technology Policy
__Thomas Kalil __is Special Assistant to the Chancellor for Science and Technology at the University of California , Berkeley and Director of “ Big Ideas @ Berkeley . ”
He also serves as the Chair of the Global Health Working Group of the Clinton Global Initiative and is a Senior Fellow with the Center for American Progress .
Previously ,
Kalil served as the Deputy Assistant to President Clinton for
Technology and Economic Policy , and the Deputy Director of the White
House National Economic Council .
( Kalil also spoke at the Tech Policy Summit earlier this year , partly sponsored by Wired.com , and his views at the conference can be heard here . )
__Mario Molina __is a Professor of Physical Chemistry at the University of California , San Diego ( UCSD ) , and was formerly an
Institute Professor at MIT .
He served on the President 's Committee of
Advisors in Science and Technology ( 1994 -2000 ) , and on many other advisory boards .
Molina has received more than 20 honorary degrees and numerous awards for his scientific work including the Tyler Prize in
1983 , the UNEP - Sasakawa Award in 1999 , and the 1995 Nobel Prize in
Chemistry for his role in elucidating the threat to the Earth 's ozone layer of chlorofluorocarbon gases .
__National Science Foundation __
Jim Kohlenberger spent eight years in the Clinton
White House as Senior Domestic Policy Advisor to Vice President Al
Gore , where he helped promote policies to harness science and technology as engines for economic growth and opportunity .
Since leaving the White House , he has run his own consulting business and served as executive director of the Voice on the Net Coalition , as well as a Senior Fellow at the Benton Foundation .
He has also advised U.S .
Senators , Governors , CEOs , start - ups , non-profits , and associations on innovation issues .
spent eight years in the Clinton White House as Senior Domestic Policy Advisor to Vice President Al Gore , where he helped promote policies to harness science and technology as engines for economic growth and opportunity .
Since leaving the White House , he has run his own consulting business and served as executive director of the Voice on the Net Coalition , as well as a Senior Fellow at the Benton Foundation .
He has also advised U.S. Senators , Governors , CEOs , start - ups , non-profits , and associations on innovation issues .
Henry M. Rivera is a partner with the law firm of
Wiley Rein LLP where he represents telecommunications and media companies .
Previously , Rivera served as a Commissioner of the FCC , as a chair and member of FCC and State Department Advisory Committees , and as a member of several U.S. delegations to international telecommunications conferences .
He is also a past president of the
Federal Communications Bar Association .
Justice and Civil Rights
Tom Perelli is Managing Partner of the D.C. office of
Jenner & Block and a member of the Firm 's Management Committee .
Prior to returning to Jenner in 2001 , he served as Deputy Assistant
Attorney General in the Civil Division from 1999 - 2001 with responsibility over the Federal Programs Branch and partial responsibility for the Tobacco Litigation Team ; from 1997 - 99 , he served as Counsel to the Attorney General .
Jenner & Block are the Recording Industry Association of America 's lawyers , and Perelli is listed on the law firm's web site as co-chair of the firm 's entertainment and new media practice .
It 's possible , then , that Perelli may have a hand in influencing who the nation 's first " copyright czar " will be .
Federal Trade Commission
Susan Ness is a communications policy consultant .
From 1994 to 2001 , she served as a Commissioner on the Federal
Communications Commission ( FCC ) , focusing on new technologies , the
E - Rate , and international matters .
She was founding President / CEO of
GreenStone Media , which produced female - targeted talk programming for radio , internet , and other platforms .
She was Distinguished Visiting
Professor at the Annenberg School ( University of Pennsylvania ) , Vice
President of a national bank financing communications companies , and
Assistant Counsel of the House Banking Committee .
__Phil Weiser __is a professor of law at the University of Colorado where he writes and teaches in the areas of antitrust policy , innovation policy , and internet policy .
Weiser previously served as Senior Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General of the
Department of Justice Antitrust Division , as a law clerk to United
States Supreme Court Justices Byron R. White and Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and as a law clerk to United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit Judge David Ebel .
Election Assistance Commission
Spencer Overton is a Professor of Law at The George
Washington University , and he specializes in the law of democracy .
Professor Overton 's academic articles have appeared in several leading law journals , and his book " Stealing Democracy : The New Politics of
Voter Suppression " was published by W.W. Norton in 2006 .
He has also served as a member of the Jimmy Carter - James Baker Commission on
Federal Election Reform , the Commission on Presidential Nomination
Timing and Scheduling , and the Election Assistance Commission 's Board of Advisors .
Prior to entering the academy , he practiced law at
Debevoise and Plimpton , and clerked for Judge Damon J. Keith of the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit .
See Also :
It is a sorry place at which we Americans find ourselves this none - too - festive holiday season .
The biggest names on Wall Street have gone to their rewards or into partnership with the U.S. Treasury .
Foreigners stare wide - eyed from across the waters .
A $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme ( baited with , of all things in this age of excess , the promise of low , spuriously predictable returns ) ?
Interest rates over which tiny Japanese rates fairly tower ?
Regulatory policy seemingly set by a weather vane ?
A Federal Reserve that can't make up its mind :
Is it in the business of central banking or of central planning ?
And to think -- our disappointed ...
August 13 , 2015
Wireframes are visual representations of a user interface , stripped down to bare essentials .
It ’s a method of distillation so useful that we find variations of it across all design fields , from magazine layout to app development .
With wireframes , designers can take a first stab at arranging a site ’s content and functionality , while proposing answers to questions both important and mundane .
Should the menu reside at the top or the left ?
Where should the search box go ?
How prominent should the latest update be ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israeli police have had to restore order at one of Christianity 's holiest sites after a mass brawl broke out between monks in Jerusalem 's Old City .
Fighting erupted between Greek Orthodox and Armenian monks at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre , the traditional site of Christ 's crucifixion .
Two monks from each side were detained as dozens of worshippers traded kicks and punches at the shrine , said police .
Trouble flared as Armenians prepared to mark the annual Feast of the Cross .
Tapestries toppled Shocked pilgrims looked on as decorations and tapestries were toppled during Sunday 's clash .
Dressed in the vestments of the Greek Orthodox and Armenian denominations , rival monks threw punches and anything they could lay their hands on .
The Greeks blamed the Armenians for not recognising their rights inside the holy site , while the Armenians said the Greeks had violated one of their traditional ceremonies .
Clashes between Christian sects in the ancient church are not uncommon
An Armenian clergyman said the Greek clergy had tried to place one of their monks inside the Edicule , an ancient structure which is said to encase the tomb of Jesus .
" What is happening here is a violation of status quo .
The Greeks have tried so many times to put their monk inside the tomb but they do n't have the right to when the Armenians are celebrating the feast , " he said .
The Armenians had been preparing to commemorate the 4th Century discovery of the cross believed to have been used to crucify Jesus .
A Greek clergyman said : " We protested peacefully , we stood here in the middle and we claimed that we shall not leave the procession finished unless they leave our guardian be inside .
This did n't happen and in that moment the police interfered . "
Six Christian churches share control of the ancient church and the BBC's Wyre Davies in Jerusalem says confrontations between them are not uncommon , but rarely descend into violence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I was gone for a week but now Im back with lots of cool new stuff .
Here 's a compilation of 20 new shirt designs by Glennz .
He has tons of awesome tshirt design , you will definitely love .
check out his website with a lot more illustrations .
check out his website with a lot more illustrations .
Policemen killed ' on way to help '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Four policemen have been killed in a road crash while answering a call for help from colleagues in County Down .
They were driving towards Rostrevor on the coast road outside Warrenpoint when the accident happened at about 0400 GMT .
All four were from south Down .
The men were aged between their mid-20s and late 30s and it is understood two of them had young children .
The police said they were treating the deaths as a tragic accident .
Chief Constable Sir Hugh
Orde visited the scene of the accident Assistant Chief Constable Judith Gillespie said an investigation into the crash had started .
" The vehicle collided with a wall at a small bridge and caught fire , " she said .
ACC Gillespie said the vehicle had , like most other police vehicles , been fitted with a ' black box ' device , " which will record all the details of the incident at the time " .
She said it was too early to say whether the dark and wet conditions were a factor in the crash .
Chief Constable Sir Hugh Orde visited the scene of the tragedy on Sunday morning .
He said he was " shocked " at what he had seen , and at the loss suffered by both the families of the men and the PSNI .
DUP assembly member Jim Wells said : " There wo n't be a single family in south Down who wo n't know one of those killed .
" They were family men and it 's going to be an extraordinarily difficult few weeks leading up to Christmas as people come to terms with what has been a truly dreadful event . "
Mayor of Newry and Mourne , Colman Burns , said the news " had caused great shock and despair throughout the community " .
The road is expected to remain closed for several hours .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ’ve always been amazed by the creative genius of artists who use lego to re-create the things that surround them .
In the past , we ’ve featured people that used the medium to represent classic photos , video games scenes , and even music album art .
Today , we ’ll show you sci- fi fans who made up various incarnations of the infamous Alien , from the movie of the same name .
The Arvo Brothers :
Jeff Ranjo :
Mike Yoder :
Authraw :
You might think that the next one was built with the cargo loading machine from Alien 2 in mind , but it apparently was not .
It does look similar though , thus the reason I included it in the post .
LegoLoverMan :
And last but not least , this absolutely amazing Predator bust from artist Misterzumbi :
As usual , we recommend that you visit each of the artists ’ pages ( All linked on their respective names ) .
There ’s just too much good stuff in there to be all posted here .
Doing this would n’t really be fair to them either , so be sure to check them all out .
Rourke laughs .
" That 's how bad my career had gotten .
I had to listen to all that crap and take it .
I kept thinking , ' This guy must really be talented ' -- I 'm leaving out a few choice profanities that Rourke used for emphasis --' to get away with talking to me that way . '
But it was OK .
I like a guy that 's honest from the start .
We never had a problem . "
Rourke says Aronofsky did n't waste any time getting to the point .
" There were no formalities .
He said ' You 've been difficult . '
I nodded my head .
He said , ' You 've thrown your career away . '
I nodded my head .
Whatever he said , I agreed .
He tried to make me feel 2 inches tall .
He raised his voice and he pointed his finger at me and said , ' You can never disrespect me .
You can never [ mess ] around with girls at night .
You ca n't go to Miami over the holidays because I know you 'll be out partying every night .
And by the way , I can't pay you because we have no money . ' "
Of course , Rourke remembers the encounter a bit differently .
" I was sitting in a restaurant in the West Village that my friend Julian Schnabel turned me on to and this guy shows up , riding a bicycle , with this green helmet and an unbelievably dorky outfit .
And I go , ' That must be him .
Darren Aronofsky -- smart Jewish boy from Brooklyn . "
Rourke unleashes a derisive snort .
" Darren has got to be the worst dresser on the planet .
That outfit !
He told me it was Prada , but all I could think was -- he looks like a UPS delivery guy . "
" All my friends said , ' No way , you can't do this .
You can't make a movie where the whole film depends on Mickey , ' " Aronofsky told me yesterday .
But the hard - headed director set up a meeting with the actor anyway .
" I was very honest with him , like you 'd be in a marriage .
We looked each other in the eye and I said , ' This is a purely artistic venture .
There 's no money . '
But if he would show up , if he really , really wanted the chance to be a lead in a film again , I wanted to do it with him . "
When " The Wrestler " director Darren Aronofsky decided he wanted to go ahead with the film , he remembers having a casting epiphany :
The actor who'd be absolutely perfect for the part of an over - the - hill wrestler would be ... Mickey Rourke .
Most directors would 've immediately run to their shrink and confessed that they had a career death wish .
Mickey Rourke ?
The famously unruly , unreliable , uncontrollable motorcycle - riding madman ?
Aronofsky knew what he was getting himself into .
Rourke says Aronofsky 's self - confidence won him over .
" That very first day we met , he said , ' I 'll take you to the show .
I 'll get you a nomination for this part . '
And after the first week of work , I believed him .
He walked the walk and that got my respect .
Darren is like a really demanding football coach , like Vince Lombardi or Tom Landry .
He said , ' Give Rourke the ball ' and I ran with it . "
If Aronofsky thought Rourke needed a little extra motivation , he was not afraid to offer it .
When Rourke was doing his scenes with Evan Rachel Wood , the young actress who plays his daughter in the film , Aronofsky would heap praise on her performance .
" Then he'd come over to me and say , ' You really sucked .
She 's totally smoking you .
You better bring your A - game to this scene or she 's gonna wipe the floor with you , ' " Rourke says .
" But let me tell you , I loved working with her .
She 's a real pro and she 's going places .
She 's like Rita Hayworth .
I would n't have a problem doing a scene with her on Mars . "
Rourke had to undergo a grueling training regime to play the part -- he says he did all of his wrestling stunts in the film .
Even though he 's a boxing fan , he now has renewed respect for the physical pounding wrestlers take every night in the ring .
" The first time a 260 - pound guy threw me across the ring , I knew I was in for it -- every tooth in my mouth , the real and the fake ones , ached for days .
I went to the chiropractor twice a week .
I had three MRIs in two months .
That stuff is not fake . "
Rourke says his trainer was a former Israeli commando and ex-cage fighter .
" He never let up on me .
Under no circumstances could I say , ' I do n't feel like training today . '
He had a key to my hotel room .
So even if I had three girls in my bed , it did n't matter .
I had to work out .
Luckily , he 's very religious , so he always took the Sabbath off .
That was the only time I got a break . "
The critics will be swooning over Rourke 's performance in " The Wrestler " for months to come .
But I could n't help but wonder -- is this that once - in - a - lifetime performance ?
Or can Rourke keep his act together long enough to string together enough parts to put his career back on track ?
If anything could possibly explain the strange sensitivity of his psyche , it 's his love for his Chihuahuas .
He has six of them , but the one that seems to be a dog of truly Rourkian proportions is Jaws , also known as Little Mickey .
Rourke saved the dog from being put to sleep at an animal shelter .
It had been badly abused and was totally uncontrollable , always foaming at the mouth and growling at anyone that tried to come near him .
So of course , Rourke tried to give him a kiss .
Jaws instantly bit Rourke in the mouth .
" There was blood everywhere .
It looked like I 'd been hit by a car .
I had to go get stitches .
But I kept him .
He just needed to trust someone .
For the first few months , he had nightmares every night .
When I 'd be watching football , he'd jump on my bed and walk up and down my stomach , baring his teeth like he was Predator or something . "
And then suddenly one day the dog calmed down and put his head on Rourke 's shoulder .
Mickey acts it out , reaching out and resting his head on my shoulder in the middle of the Four Seasons lobby .
" I 'm not saying he was totally normal , " Rourke says .
" In the winter , you still could n't put a hoodie on him .
And after he growled at everyone on the set , the PAs put a nice little sign up , saying ' Be Careful of White Dog in Mickey 's Trailer . '
But he was n't so crazy anymore . "
One day Rourke took the dog to meet his therapist .
" My therapist said , in his very soft voice , ' Well , Mickey , why do you think you took to Jaws so well ? ' " Rourke laughs .
" I think I 've finally figured out what he means . "
Photo of Darren Aronofsky , left , and Mickey Rourke by Joel Ryan / Associated Press
Body in Mind focuses on beauty not sex , and attracts the best photographers from all over the world shooting beautiful , non-sexual nudes .
Continuing in the pinup tradition of the 40s , cheesecake of the 50s , Playboy of the 60s - 70s and Supermodels of the 80s , Body in Mind re-introduced this focus to the world .
Today Body in Mind consistently features the most beautiful , uplifting , spirited , wholesome , joyful nudes around .
We call them ' super nudes ' .
To enjoy more , exclusively from Body in Mind , click here .
Technology cannot be constrained .
Every day the advent of a new concept inspires us to push a “ lil ” more and create a beautiful product that just works all the time , every time .
A lecture by Park Williams about how climate change is fueling dangerous wildfires -- and what we can expect in the future .
QUITO ( Reuters ) -
After stunning conservationists by mating for the first time in decades , a giant tortoise from the Galapagos islands called Lonesome George , who is the last of his kind , still may not become a dad .
George the giant tortoise is seen in the national park of the Galapagos islands in this April 29 , 2007 file photo .
REUTERS / Guillermo Granja / Files
George , a 90 - year - old conservation marvel and one of the world ’s rarest creatures , mated this year with two females , but 80 percent of the eggs they laid appear infertile .
The females belong to a different subspecies of giant tortoise .
A Pinta Island tortoise , George had showed little interest in sex during 36 years in captivity .
His new - found libido has raised hopes he could save his subspecies from extinction
Ecuadorean scientists are studying the eggs and have not ruled out that George could be sterile .
“ We are puzzled .
We will leave the eggs in the incubators and try to find answers , ” said Washington Tapia , a park official in change of George ’s reproduction programme .
“ It ’s too early to say if George is infertile , only genetic research could tell us that . ”
However , hopes is not lost .
Scientists said 20 percent of the remaining eggs could still produce offspring .
George ’s keepers placed his eggs in incubators decorated with religious images in hopes of a miracle .
Scientists are also searching for distant relatives in a nearby island , hoping to find another male for mating .
Variations in tortoises from different islands were among the features of the Galapagos that helped Charles Darwin formulate his theory of evolution in the 19th century .
Since then , tortoises have been hunted by pirates and sailors for their meat and their habitat has been eaten away by goats introduced onto the islands .
George was the last tortoise found on Pinta in 1971 .
Ecuador has declared the islands at risk and the United Nations says efforts to protect them should continue .
Some 20,000 giant tortoises still live on the islands .
After trying almost everything from artificial insemination to having George watch younger males mate , his keepers had nearly lost hope .
At 90 years old George is in his sexual prime and his low libido even raised tabloid - like rumours the 198 pounds ( 90 kilograms ) creature preferred other males .
Pentagram partner , Kit Hinrichs , and designer , Mo Woods , have created a new identity for CultureBus .
CultureBus is an initiative from the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency to provide locals and visitors with an easy , economical and eco-friendly bus service from downtown San Francisco to Golden Gate Park , with stops at many cultural institutions .
“ The CB logo brings together the letters C and B in a form that resembles a route . ”
I ’m not over the moon about the application , much like Khoi , but who knows what restrictions the brief might ’ve included ?
I do , however , very much like the monogram .
Online syntax highlighting for the masses !
Beautify your code
Source code :
Chars : 0
Style : white navy black neo eclipse grayscale FMX HomeSite Bred3 html tags
Type :
Autodetect main : Java main : C main : Visual Basic main : PHP main : C++ main : Perl main : Python main : C# main : Ruby main : JS.NET main : VB.NET main : Pascal main : JavaScript inet : html inet : css inet : css for html inet : css for svg inet : jsp inet : xhtml transitional inet : xhtml strict inet : xhtml frameset inet : asp - VBScript inet : asp - JavaScript inet : asp - PerlScript inet : SVG 1.0 inet : ColdFusion inet : ActionScript inet : VBScript xml : xml xml : dtd xml : xslt 1.0 xml : XML Schema xml : Relax NG xml : xlink database : Clarion database : Clipper database : Fox
Pro database : SQLJ ( Java sql ) database : Paradox database : SQL , PL / SQL database : MySQL scripts : PowerShell scripts : Batch / Config.sys / NTcmd scripts : sh/ksh / bash script scripts : Apache httpd.conf scripts : Config , INI and CTL scripts : Colorer HRC scripts : Colorer HRD scripts : Delphi form scripts : Java Compiler Compiler scripts : Java properties scripts :
Lex scripts : YACC scripts : makefile scripts : Regedit scripts : Resources scripts : TeX scripts : OpenVMS DCL scripts : VRML scripts.install : RAR Install Script scripts.install : Nullsoft Install Script scripts.install : InnoSetup script scripts.install : IS script rare : ASM rare : 1C rare : Ada rare : ABAP / 4 rare : AutoIt 2.x rare : AWK rare : Dssp rare : ADSP - 21xx
Asm rare : Baan rare : Cobol rare : Cache / Open-M rare : Eiffel rare : Forth rare : Fortran rare : Haskell rare : Icon rare : IDL rare : Lisp rare : MatLab rare : Modula2 and Oberon2 rare : PicAsm rare : Rexx rare : Standard ML rare : OCaml rare : Tcl / Tk rare : Sicstus Prolog rare : Turbo Prolog rare : Verilog HDL rare : VHDL rare : z 80asm rare : asm80 rare : 8051 asm rare : AVR asm other : files.bbs other : Diff / Patch other : message other : plain text other : default type
Updates 2019 -04-04
It was brought to my attention that ERR_BLOCKED_BY_XSS_AUDITOR is an issue again , but this appears to be only when POSTing directly instead of using the web UI .
Please let me know if this is not the case for you .
Also fixed a few minor bugs with type detection inc Bash .
2018 -10 -25
Found an edge case where the encode - on - POST did not happen , resulting in garbage output .
Removed all Base64 encoding to resolve this .
Hopefully ERR_BLOCKED_BY_XSS_AUDITOR
issue does not come back in Chrome !
2018-10-09
Whelp , it 's been a while .
This is a bit of a hobby project to keep alive , since I use it myself .
I have fixed a bug that caused leading whitespace to be removed , made it replace MS Word ' smart quotes ' with real quotes , and also added generation datestamps .
Thanks to H Gleaves , K Gillen , and Odzhan for reporting these !
I then added a " Copy to clipboard " button as suggested by T Miseur , and lastly , BASIC UNICODE SUPPORT !
Enjoy :) 2017-09 -12
Unfortunately we 've been too busy to give ToHTML much love recently , but I just fixed an issue with certain code being submitted resulting in a ERR_BLOCKED_BY_XSS_AUDITOR error in Chrome by having the source base64 encoded in - transit , and also added some cell padding to make text selection easier .
2016-01-26
Hey there ,
We have just made a few changes , including : moving tohtml.com to a newer faster server , fixing up some layout issues , fixing some bugs with type detection , forcing SSL ( HTTPS ) , and other things which I 've already forgotten .
As usual , if you notice anything amiss just let us know !
Happy Australia Day ,
The Agilis IT Team
2016-01 -11
Hi everyone ,
First off , happy holidays and new years to those that celebrate it .
We 're hoping for a strong 2016 for us and everyone else .
This is just a quick post to apologise for the recent outages .
We 've had some server maintenance going on , and unfortunately monitoring missed one service on one server , which was running tohtml.com
Moving forward , we have setup additional monitoring including minutely page - load checks from multiple locations with SMS and email alerts .
Thank you for your patience , and kind regards ,
The Agilis IT Team 2015 - 07 - 19 Hi again ,
We have had to make a minor change to this service , as it's getting more popular and hence costing more time and money to maintain .
We understand that not everyone will be a fan of the change , so we 've also added a little bit of news that I 'll update from time to time , and a poll to see if there are changes we could make to improve this service for you .
As always , we are your humble servants .
Keep up the great code and sharing of knowledge everyone !
Regards ,
The Agilis IT Team
2015-04-07
Hi everyone ,
Unfortunately it 's been some years without an update .
Unfortunately the backend library this service uses is not updated as often as we would like .
Because of this , and a number of other minor issues , we are currently working on a replacement site that is nicer , faster , and supports more languages .
That being said though , this is a zero - income project for us , so it 's not the highest of priorities .
In the mean time , I have grabbed some of the more recent syntax definitions and uploaded them , fixing a number of issues in langauges and also adding PowerShell .
Note that this is hack - and - chop work , so please let us know if there 's any problems .
Thanks ,
The Agilis IT Team
On the cybersecurity front , there is news today that a group of internet Islamic extremists is putting together a plan for " invading Facebook . "
Jihadist groups have long - viewed the internet as a front - line in the propaganda war .
For years , they have created blogs and posted YouTube videos .
Recent crackdowns on some of their online forums , however , have apparently led to a change in strategy .
Read the jihadist plan to " invade Facebook " for yourself ( translated into English by Jihadica.com ) .
It 's made clear that " this is not an attempt to replicate the social networks that exist on the forums ; the members of the campaign want to exploit existing networks of people who are hostile to them and presumably they will adopt new identities once they have posted their material .
"
In other words , the jihadists are n't looking to use Facebook to network with each other ; they 're hoping to spread their propagandist material to the rest of us who are already on Facebook , and who use it for innocent and legitimate purposes .
But as a cybersecurity analyst , I 'm curious about two things .
First , the jihadist strategy breaks its people down into seven " brigades " , each headed by a commander .
Such a rigid hierarchy closes off the process to anyone outside of their inner circle , so how do they plan on infiltrating the private social - networks of ordinary Facebook users without " friending " them ?
Their goal of spreading propaganda to people outside of the jihadi loop seems destined for failure since , unless people start accepting friend requests from these extremists , no one will be able to see what they 're posting anyway .
Do they even understand how Facebook works ?
Second , Facebook is an odd selection to target because its a completely private commercial firm , which can remove material on its site whenever it deems fit .
Different than a decentralized peer - to - peer system , any controversial jihadist material will probably be removed before they can say boo about it .
For most of us , this planned " invasion " is n't really much of a threat at all .
We all need to be skeptical and on the lookout for propagandist material , but to be honest , when online , everyone should be doing that anyway .
This entire " plan " reminds me of new internet startup companies in the late 90s that were desperate simply to get themselves a presence in the space , yet once there , did n't really have any clue what to do with themselves .
( CNN ) -- Scientists have identified new rifts on an Antarctic ice shelf that could lead to it breaking away from the Antarctic Peninsula , the European Space Agency said .
A satellite image of the Wilkins Ice Shelf , which could break away from the Antarctic Peninsula .
The Wilkins Ice Shelf , a large sheet of floating ice south of South America , is connected to two Antarctic islands by a strip of ice .
That ice " bridge " has lost about 2,000 square kilometers ( about 772 square miles ) this year , the ESA said .
A satellite image captured November 26 shows new rifts on the ice shelf that make it dangerously close to breaking away from the strip of ice -- and the islands to which it 's connected , the ESA said .
Scientists first spotted rifts in the ice shelf in late February , and they noticed further deterioration the following week .
The period marks the end of the South Pole summer and is the time when such events are most likely , said Ted Scambos , a glaciologist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center at the University of Colorado in Boulder .
Before the new rifts were spotted this week , the last cracks were noticed July 21 .
" These new rifts , which have joined previously existing rifts on the ice shelf , threaten to break up the chunk of ice located beneath the 21 July date , which would cause the bridge to lose its stabilization and collapse , " said Angelika Humbert , a scientist from Germany 's Muenster University who spotted the cracks with Matthias Braun of the University of Bonn .
Wilkins is the size of the state of Connecticut or about half the area of Scotland .
It is the largest ice shelf on the Antarctic Peninsula yet to be threatened .
If the ice shelf breaks away from the peninsula , it will not cause a rise in sea level , because it is already floating , scientists say .
Scambos said the ice shelf is not on the path of the increasingly popular tourist ships that travel from South America to Antarctica .
But some plants and animals may have to adapt to the collapse .
The ice shelf had been stable for most of the past century before it began retreating in the 1990s .
Several ice shelves -- Prince Gustav Channel , Larsen Inlet , Larsen A , Larsen B , Wordie , Muller and Jones -- have collapsed in the past three decades , the British Antarctic Survey said .
Scientists say the western Antarctic peninsula -- the piece of the continent that stretches toward South America -- has warmed more than any other place on Earth over the past 50 years , rising by 0.9 degrees Fahrenheit each decade .
All About Antarctica
Archaeological Discovery : Earliest evidence of our cave - dwelling human ancestors
A research team led by Professor Michael Chazan , director of the University of Toronto 's Archaeology Centre , has discovered the earliest evidence of our cave - dwelling human ancestors at the Wonderwerk Cave in South Africa .
Stone tools found at the bottom level of the cave -- believed to be 2 million years old -- show that human ancestors were in the cave earlier than ever thought before .
Geological evidence indicates that these tools were left in the cave and not washed into the site from the outside world .
Archaeological investigations of the Wonderwerk cave -- a South African National Heritage site due to its role in discovering the human and environmental history of the area -- began in the 1940s and research continues to this day .
###
Detailed press info online at http://www. artsci. utoronto. c/ main / wonderwerk - press -info. pdf
Images are available for download at : http://public. me . co/ mchazan ( See " Press " folder )
CONTACT :
Michael Chazan
( Professor Chazan returns to Toronto on Tuesday ) .
Email : mchazan@me.com
( when traveling ) and mchazan@chass.utoronto.ca
The $ 3 bill was intended as a satire of President - elect Barack Obama , but instead became another blemish for a mayor who recently snatched a 15 - year - old boy off a moving motorscooter .
Greeley Mayor Ed Clark , a former police officer who also is the head of security at the University Schools charter school , said today that he has apologized to the family of a student that he showed the bill to .
“ I apologized to the family , ” Clark said .
“ I think I ’ll leave it where it is . ”
Clark did say that he showed the bill to students in the school cafeteria Nov. 14 when one of them asked if had an extra dollar for lunch .
According to the Greeley Tribune , the fake $ 3 bill is emblazoned with an image of Obama wearing a Middle Eastern headdress Clark describes as a “ prince ’s hat . ”
He showed it to a girl , who then showed it to classmates .
He took the bill back from the student and has since discarded it , he said .
“ It was political satire , ” Clark said Saturday .
“ I ’m not going to talk about it .
I ’ve got to go .
sir . ”
School director Sherry Sue Gerner could not be reached for comment .
She was quoted in the Tribune as saying that the matter is over , but would not say whether Clark was disciplined .
Clark , elected to a two - year term last year , has been the subject of controversy before .
Fifteen - year - old Remington
Stitt sought a permanent restraining order against Clark in July , claiming the mayor assaulted him for joyriding on his motorbike in a neighborhood where the two live .
Clark won the court fight but also vowed never to go near the boy again and to call police when he witnesses a possible criminal act .
A permanent restraining order against Clark was denied .
In an August court hearing , Weld County Judge Timothy Kerns admonished Clark and Stitt for allowing tensions to escalate in their Greeley subdivision just before the June 23 incident .
Stitt and his parents claim Clark grabbed the teen off his motorbike and threw him to the ground before police could arrive .
Clark and his neighbors claim Stitt and his friends were cursing and driving recklessly through the neighborhood .
Clark said Saturday that the case was resolved and he did n’t wish to comment about it .
On Sept. 27 , 2007 , Clark brandished a hand gun and pointed it at 18 - year - old Rudy Joseph Valenciano Jr. , 18 , after the young man drove girls from Greeley West High School to fight girls at University High School .
Valenciano was charged with several counts including contributing to a delinquency of a minor , a felony .
After a fight broke out , Valenciano , who is not a student at the school , got into his car .
He refused to get out on Clark ’s orders ; Clark drew his weapon .
Clark then handcuffed Valenciano and draped him over the car ’s hood to await police .
The action became an issue in the Greeley mayoral election last year .
Kirk Mitchell : 303-954-1206 or kmitchell@denverpost.com
Perhaps Digg really is the future of the news business .
The headline - discussion site , once an icon of the Web 2.0 movement , is losing millions of dollars a year .
BusinessWeek ’s Spencer
Ante got ahold of Digg ’s financial statements .
They are frightful , even for a startup .
Last year , the company took in $ 4.8 million and spent $ 7.6 million , for a loss of $ 2.8 million .
In the first nine months of this year , losses grew almost as fast as revenues : Digg took in $ 6.4 million and spent $ 10.4 million , resulting in a $ 4 million loss .
At an annual clip , that ’s more than $ 5 million out the door a year .
Keep in mind that Digg has a lucrative three - year advertising deal with Microsoft , that pays the site a guaranteed rate for its inventory .
Without that arrangement , struck last year — driven , most believe , by Microsoft executives ’ desperation to get in on the Web 2.0 craze —
Digg ’s losses would likely be far worse .
Now it all makes sense : Digg CEO Jay Adelson ’s repeated attempts to sell the company to News Corp. , Current Media , and Google , at a valuation of $ 300 million or more , came to naught because there ’s no real business there .
Those sales talks , while they were still under discussion , prompted entirely unfounded speculation that founder Kevin Rose was personally worth $ 60 million on paper .
Instead , Digg took $ 28.7 million in venture capital at a valuation of almost half what the company hoped to sell for .
To be fair , that will last the company years , even at its current rate of red-ink spilling .
But it ’s worth thinking about Digg ’s numbers amidst the litany of complaints about the ink - on - newsprint business : newspapers coast to coast are seeing devastating declines in advertising revenue .
The New York Times has mortgaged its headquarters .
The Tribune Company has declared bankruptcy .
And yet , even in their decline , newspapers remain prodigious generators of cash .
This moribund industry generated $ 13.7 billion in profit in 2007 .
The same cannot be said of Digg , a site conceived by television host Kevin Rose as a replacement for the editors who pick headlines for readers .
On Digg , readers vote headlines up by “ digging ” them , or down by “ burying ” them .
For now , Digg is safe , insulated from the marketplace as a well - funded private company .
But if Adelson no longer plans to sell the company , he will have to take it public .
And when the day comes that investors can vote the company ’s shares up or down , unless he can engineer a dramatic improvement in its finances , he and Rose will know what it feels like to be buried .
This is a guest post by Paul Hebert , who blogs at Incentive Intelligence .
The market has been a seesaw lately .
Wild swings up , wild swings down .
No one needs to tell you that though .
As an employee you ’ve watched your 401 K get queasy with the ups and downs and as a Manager , you ’ve worried one day about laying off your staff and the next about your own job .
No one has to tell anyone there is fear out there .
Fear
Fear is wonderful thing – especially when fighting for our lives .
Without fear we ’d never have run from predators on the Serengeti and evolved to run billion dollar businesses .
300,000 years ago , fear kept us from becoming extinct and today fear keeps us from letting things like the current market situation put us out of business .
Fear propels us to take actions – sometimes actions we would n’t normally take – but actions that could save our lives or our businesses .
But fear has a habit of growing and feeding on itself .
Fear can cause you to continue to make decisions and take action long after the need for survival exists .
Quicksand
In the 2000 movie “ The Replacements ” with Keanu Reeves , “ replacement ” players come together to play the last five games of the season after a professional football players ’ strike .
During a team meeting the replacement coach played by Jack Warden asks about the new players fears .
“ A real man confronts his fears . ” says Warden .
After a few funny comments about spiders and insects , Keanu says that he ’s afraid of quicksand .
Quicksand he goes to explain , is the feeling that everything is going well and then one thing goes wrong , then another and then another .
Pretty soon you feel as if nothing you can do will help get you out of the trouble you ’re in .
In other words – you ’re in quicksand .
Business has the same issue today .
As the markets swing wildly from one extreme to another companies and employees start to do things to remove the fear .
Unfortunately , the market keeps bouncing around .
You try something different in the hopes it will fix the problem .
And then another thing , and then another .
Pretty soon you ’re in quicksand .
As the old Tarzan movies showed us , the first thing you need to do to get out of quicksand is make sure you fall into it close to a strong vine .
Grab the vine and pull yourself up out of the quicksand .
But to successfully extract yourself , make sure you do n’t struggle too much .
Take your time , slowly pull yourself up and you will find your footing .
So where is the vine your business can grab onto to pull itself out of the quicksand ?
Company Culture
Too often when faced with a market like we have now , companies try anything to turn their business around and typically , more than one thing at a time .
Each department , group , or division initiates programs and plans to regain some control .
It ’s like an explorer grabbing at anything within reach to pull themselves out of the quicksand , flailing around and sinking in deeper .
Unfortunately , they ’re missing the big fat vine within easy reach .
Your company ’s culture is that vine .
Each successful business has a company culture ; the core tenants that guide the behavior of its employees .
Unfortunately , most companies ignore that vine and grab at the short grass that seems to be within easy reach .
Avoid this pitfall .
Take the time to calm down .
Identify the three of four things that form the foundation of your company culture .
It could be innovation , it could be customer service , it could be a specific process .
Whatever the key pillars of your company culture are – that is where you need to focus your attention .
Begin by reinforcing those elements of your culture through company communications .
Create ways to focus behavior on those things through reward and recognition .
Stamp out those that would ignore those foundational blocks .
Do n’t let people “ try anything ” in the hopes it will work .
Do n’t fall for the quick fix or the principle du jour .
Go back to the things that got you where you are .
Simple is as Simple Does
Focusing on the core beliefs and values of your organization will help you do three things :
1. Minimize second guessing .
Second guessing is wasted effort .
Efforts tied to core values will never be wrong .
For every idea put on the table bounce it against your company values .
If it is a fit , go with it .
If not , bounce it out of the room .
2. Focus behavior .
Most companies have only two or three core values .
By focusing on these values it eliminates the noise and elevates the signal .
It is much easier to make decisions when you only have to worry about a few things .
Do n’t overburden yourself or your employees with extraneous effort .
Focus on the few and you ’ll be able to eliminate the flailing around that pulls you deeper into the quicksand .
3. Reinforces the past and establishes the future .
Using your core values as your guide during tough times reinforces those values with your employees .
When employees feel that the core values they believed drove the company are used to weather a particularly bad time they know you ’re serious about them .
When employees see you ’re serious , they respond in a like manner .
You will not only see a payoff today as your business weathers the storm but it will pay dividends in the future as we inevitably go through another cycle .
Your employees will remember .
Grab the Vine
It is said that adversity does n’t create character it reveals it .
Focusing on your core values and company culture reveals the character of your company .
Grabbing at any solution to pump up sales and profits or cutting critical assets to keep down costs will be seen as abandoning your core business beliefs and your employees ( and you consumers ) will notice .
Grab the big vine right in front of you – pull yourself out slowly – trust the lifeline you ’ve built over time will save you from the quicksand .
# # #
Paul Hebert is currently Managing Director of i2 i – an influence consultancy that helps companies align the behavior of their employees , channel partners and consumers with the goals and objectives of the company .
Using a combination of motivation theory , behavioral economics and social psychology , i2 i can have profound impact on a company ’s results .
Paul is widely considered an expert on motivation and incentives and authors the highly rated blog Incentive Intelligence .
Paul has had whitepapers and articles published in HRM Magazine , is a contributing author on the Fistful Of Talent blog , is a monthly columnist for Incentive Magazine , and is authoring a 6 - part series on how to design and effective motivation strategy for the Australian magazine – MOTIVATION .
Relevant Links :
Incentive Intelligence Blog : http://incentive-intelligence.typepad.com/
Fistful of Talent Blog : http://www.fistfuloftalent.com/
Listing of Incentive Magazine Articles : http:/incentive-intelligence.typepad.com/incentive_intelligence/article-authored-by-incen.html
Company Website : http://www.i2i-align.com
It ’s no secret that we Critters are pretty liberal .
And while it is our official policy to not endorse any particular candidate , it ’s not hard to guess who we would like to see win .
( It may surprise you to learn that some of us , for our own reasons , may not vote for him . )
Still , we do want every eligible voter to vote in this election .
Remember that every seat in the House of Representatives is up for re-election ( as they are every two years ) , and about one third of the Senate is up for grabs .
Even if neither of the major party candidates impresses you enough to go out and vote next Tuesday , consider the other issues that need to be decided by you , the voter .
Many states have ballot referendums that require your input .
In my own home state , we ’re voting to amend our state constitution , which is never something to be taken lightly .
It ’s important that matters like this be decided by the widest number of people possible , instead of just a few who vote regularly .
Below are links to each state ’s election information .
Check your state to see what else you need to vote on .
And remember , if you are eligible , it is your civic duty to vote .
So be proud of the fact that you can vote , as there are many people in the world who cannot have any say in their government ’s makeup .
The issues are too important to dismiss .
The future is too imperiled to ignore .
Your life , and the lives of your children , may depend on the decisions we as a nation make on November 4th .
So vote as if your life depends on it , because it does .
Thank you for voting .
Alabama | Alaska | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | District of Columbia | Florida | Georgia | Hawaii | Idaho | Illinois | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana | Maine | Maryland | Massachusetts | Michigan | Minnesota | Mississippi | Missouri | Montana | Nebraska | Nevada | New Hampshire | New Jersey | New Mexico | New York | North Carolina | North Dakota | Ohio | Oklahoma | Oregon | Pennsylvania | Rhode Island | South Carolina | South Dakota | Tennessee | Texas | Utah | Vermont | Virginia | Washington | West Virginia | Wisconsin | Wyoming
NOTE : If you discover that any of these links do not work , please leave a comment specifying the state ( or District ) , and I will try to find a good link .
Thank you .
And VOTE !
: : : : : : : : : :
The story goes that in the landmark first Kennedy –Nixon debate , in September 1960 , many of those who listened on the radio believed Nixon had won .
Yet most of the 70 million or so citizens who watched on television were sure Kennedy had prevailed .
On that night , ( between 9:30 and 10:30 Eastern time ) , our understanding of the power of the visual image in politics entered a new era .
Today , when every exchange can be repeatedly replayed and every nuance and gesture , however slight , can be analyzed and deconstructed , a candidate 's nonverbal communication is just as important as anything he or she might say .
As Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain prepare for their third and final debate on Wednesday at Hofstra University in Hempstead , N.Y. , they will both be acutely aware that this is their last chance to make a meaningful connection with voters at home , particularly those still on the fence .
Trailing in recent opinion polls and supposedly more at home in a " town hall " style debate format ( with an audience that asks some questions ) , Republican McCain was widely expected to come out swinging in the second parley last Tuesday in Nashville , Tenn .
It was watched by a TV audience of over 63 million , some 10 million more than tuned in for the candidates ' first debate , perhaps driven by the economic crisis .
McCain made passing reference to the fact that soon after both had won their parties ' nominations , he had invited Obama to participate in a series of similar town hall encounters .
The Democrat had declined at the time , arguing that the three presidential events organized by the Commission on Presidential Debates were sufficient .
But if this was McCain 's preferred arena , the prevailing opinion is that he failed to capitalize on any advantage , with Obama appearing equally comfortable in the open forum .
After their first meeting in Oxford , Miss. , McCain took a lot of flak for what appeared to be his deliberate and , to some , contemptuous failure to look directly at his opponent during the 90 - minute proceedings .
Public speaking coach Nick Morgan wrote that whereas both candidates acquitted themselves well , " Sen. Obama looked at his rival when he took him on .
And when he was n’t looking at McCain , he was looking into the camera , talking to America .
Sen. McCain , on the other hand , looked like the cranky half of a dysfunctional marriage , the cross one who wo n't look you in the eye . "
Although TV audiences for both presidential encounters so far have outdrawn the 2004 debates between incumbent Pres. George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry ( D–Mass . ) , it was this year 's vice presidential debate that proved the big winner with TV audiences , attracting more than 70 million viewers .
During the much - anticipated confrontation between Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Sen. Joe Biden ( D–Del. ) , Republican veep candidate Palin scored points for her direct approach , and eye contact with the home audience .
Both candidates were praised for how congruent their nonverbals were with their overall message , but Palin's " folksiness " — and winks at the camera — may not have resonated in the way her handlers had hoped with undecided viewers .
Watchers of the final presidential debate may be interested to see if there is a gaff or a " gotcha " moment , like the one Democratic contender Lloyd Bentsen perfectly pulled off against Indiana Sen .
Dan Quayle in 1988 's VP debate when the Texas senator told the soon - to - be- elected GOP candidate that he was " no Jack Kennedy . "
Ronald Reagan — " the great communicator " — even used his " there you go again " line in two campaigns : in 1980 against Democrat incumbent , Pres. Jimmy Carter , and four years later , as an incumbent himself against former Vice Pres .
Walter Mondale , who also found himself on the receiving end of one of Reagan 's best lines . )
A single nonverbal slip can leave candidates labeled as out of touch , distant — or worse , insensitive : Think then President George H. W. Bush when he inexplicably looked at his watch during a 1992 debate with Gov. Bill Clinton ( D–Ark . ) and independent Ross Perot ; Vice President Al Gore when he sighed during a debate against GOP Texas Gov. George W. Bush in 2000 , and ; Massachusetts Democratic Gov. Michael Dukakis 's seeming lack of emotion when asked about the death penalty in 1988 .
No matter how the candidates perform on Wednesday , one thing 's for sure : they will provide more material for the writers at Saturday Night Live .
When I was a kid , “ oldies ” music and movies seemed ancient .
Even though I ’m now in my 30s , the entertainment that I watched and listened to in my youth still feels pretty recent to me .
Raiders of the Lost Ark was n’t all that long ago , right ?
But comparing my distorted recall of childhood favorites to the oldies of the time jogs my memory in unpleasant ways .
For example :
Listening to Michael Jackson ’s
Thriller today is equivalent to listening to Elvis Presley ’s first album ( 1956 ) at the time of Thriller ’s release in 1982 .
Elvis singles in 1956 included Blue Suede Shoes , Hound Dog , and Love Me Tender .
If you ’re around my age , how old do you feel right now ?
Here are some other examples of timeline twins :
Watching Star Wars today is like watching It ’s a Wonderful Life ( 1946 ) in 1977 .
It ’s a Wonderful Life was nominated for an Oscar the following year along with Ethel Barrymore ( b. 1879 ) and Lilian Gish ( b. 1893 ) .
Listening to Nirvana ’s Smells Like Teen Spirit today is equivalent to playing Terry Jack ’s Seasons In The Sun ( 1974 ) in 1991 .
Watching The Godfather today is like watching Charlie Chaplin ’s Modern Times ( 1936 ) in 1972 .
Modern Times was a silent film ( Chaplin ’s last ) .
Listening to the Sex Pistols ’ Never Mind the Bollocks ( 1977 ) today … well , they did n’t really have rock or pop albums back in 1946 .
But popular songs on the radio were sung by Frank Sinatra , Perry Como , Nat King Cole , and Dinah Shore , as well as many performers and their orchestras .
Back to the Future ( 1985 ) —>
To Kill a Mockingbird ( 1962 )
Die Hard ( 1988 ) —>
Bullitt ( 1968 )
Radiohead , OK Computer ( 1997 ) —>
Bon Jovi , Slippery When Wet ( 1986 )
Reader comments
This thread is closed to new comments .
Thanks to everyone who responded .
Nobel Laureate And Former Vice President Al Gore Calls On Youth To Vote , And Hold Leaders Accountable For Campaign Promises On Clean Energy
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/NAnQ1cFA_zM&rel=0&color1=0xb1b1b1&color2=0xcfcfcf&hl=en&fs=1]
The webcast which was organized by Power Vote — spear headers of the Energy Action Coalition — and seeks to emphasize the issue of climate change in the current election .
The webcast is co-sponsored by Al Gore ’s Alliance for Climate Protection : the Alliance ’s We Campaign has enlisted some 1.6 million individuals committed to solving our climate crisis .
Along with this webcast , Power Vote will be kicking off six days of Get Out the ( Power ) Vote campaigning on October 29 , leading up to Election Day .
They ’re asking young people to gather on campuses and in communities across the country to watch the webcast together .
WHO : Energy Action Coalition and We Campaign
WHAT : Power Vote live webcast featuring Al Gore
WHEN : Wednesday , October 29 , 5:30 p.m. PST / 6:30 p.m. MST / 7:30 p.m. CST / 8:30 p.m. EST
To RSVP for the webcast , visit http://events.powervote.org
>> Live Blog
Al Gore opens up to Buffalo Springfield ’s Somethings Happening Here
Now JFK ’s Man-On - The - Moon speech
Power Vote speaking about the 300,000 young people signing the Power Vote pledge
These Power Vote people like Al Gore – duh !
Al notes campuses Univ Maryland , Portland State , and Univ of Georgia did an awesome job !
Gore says Obama and McCain need to be accountable for the climate crisis
Gore says we went to Iraq for oil !
He links the climate crisis to every other crisis we have …
He says we need to be fuel independent in 10 years
More references to JFK .
He is a big part of this election , i.e. Obama
Talking about the 700 Bilion bailout and its connection to the climate and the economy
Gore demands we change our infrastructure from carbon fuels to renewables
Says we need to get out and vote !
Says we need to solve the economic crisis with green jobs and enviromental change
Must build a renewable energy infrastructure
His iPhone just started ringing …
He is takign audience questions
He notes that people dont quite have the right amount of urgency for the climate crisis – we need to step up !
there is a Bill McKibben joke there somewhere .
Gore is equating civil rights to climate action .
Talks about how the truth will save us with respect to the climate – Did he borrow one of Obama ’s writers ?
Al says he got in to this climate - stuff when he was in college – that was a long time ago !
Gore says efficiency and conservation are nubmer one !
Renewable energy is number 2
Says we also need a smart grid to accomadate the renewables
Wait , was the smart grid number 3 ??
I need Al ’s iPhone number .
American biz loses 120 Bil / year due to grid failures …eeks !
Al quotes “ Dont ever doubt that a small group of people can change the world , that is the only way the world has changed ”
Gore says this election is critical in climate change policy due to record turnout in voting
Al thanks everyone for their effort at Power Vote
Power Vote is taking a 6 day initiative to get the vote out !
I used to be a photojournalist .
And so Tuesday night , as some 200,000 Chicagoans gathered around a brightly lighted stage under the gaze of the world ’s news media , I headed to the Lincoln Memorial in Washington , expecting to find a crowd and some news .
Instead , I found 25 or so people who had made their way in the dark to the marble steps of the memorial and stood silently around a lone transistor radio .
On the spot where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his “ I Have a Dream ” speech , they listened , some crying in the drizzle , as Barack Obama began his address before the Grant Park multitude .
Image November 4th , at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington DC Credit ...
Matt Mendelsohn
I ’d spent most of election night in front of the TV in Arlington , Va . But around 11 p.m.
I could n’t sit idle any longer , which is why I sped to the memorial .
When I arrived , I found a TV crew sitting on the plaza above the Reflecting Pool , waiting , I assumed , for a mob to arrive .
I approached with cameras in hand .
One of them looked up and said with a slight roll of his eyes , “ Nothing to see here . ”
RSi Unveils Power - Generating Transparent Photovoltaic - Glass Window
December 15th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Solar windows are nothing new , but Rainbow Solar ’s ( RSi ) new transparent photovoltaic - glass window looks like a big step for building - integrated photovoltaics .
The window , which generates 80 to 250 watts of electricity , comes with some swanky extras — a built - in electrical privacy curtain as well as a new technology to convert the window into a light panel .
According to a recent study performed by the NTUST ( National Taiwan University of Science and Technology ) , the new window has proven energy savings greater than 50 percent .
RSi ’s window can be built up to 9×9 ft in size , and uses battery technology with a lifespan of 55 years .
RSi claims that their technology could one day eliminate the need for electrical power plants .
While I think that may be a bit of an exaggeration , the company ’s solar windows are an easy , practical way for buildings to generate their own electricity .
Photo Credit : NREL
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Koh Samui
Koh Samui is an island off the east coast of the Kra Isthmus in Thailand .
Koh Samui is the islands ...
Know More
( CNN ) -- A Saudi judge recently refused to annul a marriage between an 8 - year - old girl and a 47 - year - old man -- a union apparently arranged by the girl 's father to settle his debts -- a lawyer in the case told CNN .
On Saturday , the judge , Sheikh Habib Abdallah al - Habib , dismissed a petition brought by the girl 's mother because she " is not the legal guardian of the girl , " the woman 's lawyer Abdullah al - Jutaili said .
" Therefore , she can not represent her daughter in these proceedings , " al - Jutaili said .
Her parents are separated , he said .
According to the lawyer , the girl 's father arranged the marriage in order to settle his debts with the man , who is " a close friend " of his .
The judge did ask for a pledge from the husband , who was in court , not to consummate the marriage until the girl reaches puberty , according to al - Jutaili .
The judge ruled that when the girl reaches puberty , she will have the right to request a divorce by filing a petition with the court , the lawyer said .
Christoph Wilcke , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , said his organization has heard many other cases of child marriages .
" We 've been hearing about these types of cases once every four or five months because the Saudi public is now able to express this kind of anger , especially so when girls are traded off to older men , " Wilcke said .
Zuhair al - Harithi , a spokesman for the Human Rights Commission , a Saudi government - run human rights group , said his organization is fighting against child marriages .
" The Human Rights Commission opposes child marriages in Saudi Arabia , " al - Harithi said .
" Child marriages violate international agreements that have been signed by Saudi Arabia and should not be allowed . "
The spokesman said he did not have specific details about this case but his organization has been able to stop at least one other child marriage .
All About Saudi Arabia • Human Rights Watch
One can only imagine how much more of this is out there .
It ’s anyone ’s guess whether this market is is going back up , heading down or going nowhere so more losses remain a strong possibility .
The value of the Bear Stearns ’ portfolio held by the Federal Reserve hase declined 9 % to $ 26.8 billion from $ 29.5 billion last quarter , the Fed said .
The portfolio is now valued at $ 2 billion less than initial loan to JPMorgan Chase earlier this year .
It ’s important to remember though that even with these losses , on top of previous losses , Congress still can’t find time to make Wall Street bonuses an issue .
If you want nightly news TV theater , there ’s plenty of it in Washington but when it comes to the serious issue of a $ 70 billion bonus pool for Wall Street they will have none of it .
Heaven forbid we ask Wall Street to sacrifice their bonus money because accountability is n’t fair … for Wall Street .
The Associated Press
The NFL has never had a start to a season like this one when it comes to offensive production .
Through three weeks , teams have combined for 51 points per game , 738.2 yards per game and a 96.3 passer rating , the most ever at this juncture of an NFL season .
Only the 1961 AFL , when teams combined to average 53.1 points per game , has been more conducive to scoring .
Halle Berry's Bedroom Confessions
Wow , new mom and Sexiest Woman Alive does n't leave much to our imagination when it comes to her private and intimate time spent in the bedroom .
Esquire magazine must have been thrilled with the actress and her very candid interview .
Of course we wo n't give you the whole interview but we did pick out some very juicy parts :
" You know that stuff they say about a woman being responsible for her own orgasms ?
That 's all true , and in my case , that makes me responsible for pretty damn good orgasms .
( They 're ) much better than when I was 22 , and I would n't let a man control that .
Not anymore .
Now , I 'd invite them to participate .
I 've learned my tricks .
I know what I like .
I do not wait around .
I initiate .
And I am not all about frequency ; I favor intensity . "
Holy crap !
Now that is a confession if I have ever heard one !
Berry sounds like she knows what she likes .
That seems to speak volumes about the Sexiest Woman Alive .
Check out her photo gallery below .
Read more on Halle here .
David Plouffe : Obama Campaign Manager ( Photos )
, 41 , was raised in Wilmington , Delaware .
He was a political science major at the University of Delaware from 1985 - 1988 , a semester short of graduating when he opted for a career in politics .
He went to work for Senator 's 1990 reelection campaign and was state field director for Harkin 's unsuccessful 1992 presidential bid .
From 1997 - 1998 he served as Democratic leader Dick Gephardt 's Deputy Chief of Staff .
From 1999 - 2000 he was the executive director of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , raising $ 95 million for House races across the country .
In 2000 he joined AKP&D Message and Media and become a partner in 2004 .
It was from here that he and a fellow partner , David Axelrod were tapped to work with Barack Obama on his 2004 Illinois Senate campaign .
The association continued and Plouffe is credited with Obama 's successful overall strategy in the 2008 presidential race .
Plouffe was credited with maintaining discipline over communications in the campaign , controlling leaks and releasing information .
No publicity hound , he was successful at holding things in check while managing to avoid the publicly aired squabbles that frequently plague other campaigns , including McCain's .
In his acceptance speech , Obama said : " To my campaign manager David Plouffe , my chief strategist David Axelrod , and the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics - you made this happen , and I am forever grateful for what you 've sacrificed to get it done . "
Plouffe and his wife have a young son and are expecting a second child at any moment .
The new baby was due on election day .
Will there be a place in the Obama White House for Plouffe ?
Very likely .
Photo gallery below .
Rahm Emanuel - Obama 's White House Chief of Staff pick rumored .
Wireless Security Survey
" Such is the speed at which WEP can be routinely cracked that it barely constitutes paper - thin protection in the face of today 's sophisticated hackers .
We would strongly urge wireless network administrators to discount WEP as a viable security mechanism and upgrade to WPA - or stronger - without delay , " continues Mr. Curry .
" It is also critical that business access points are protected by encryption - even if the corporate network itself can only be accessed via an encrypted VPN .
Not using WPA1 or WPA2 can leave the organizations involved vulnerable to whole classes of attacks against both access points and wireless client computers . "
The latest annualfrom RSA has revealed that London is still the worlds wireless network ( Wi -Fi ) capital with a total of 12,276 access points detected , exceeding the number found in New York City by more than 3,000 .
However the French capital of Paris broke all the records with a 543 % year - over - year increase in the number of wireless access points , which compares with London 's 72 % ( down from 160 % last year ) and New York City 's 45 % ( down from 49 % ) .
The survey also examined how many of the wireless access points detected were secured with some form of encryption ( hotspots excluded ) .
In New York City , 97 % of corporate access points had encryption in place ( 76 % last year ) .
In Paris , 94 % of corporate access points were encrypted - although in London , 20 % of all business access points continue to be completely unprotected .
However , with WEP - Wired Equivalent Privacy , the original wireless encryption standard - now discredited , the 2008 survey paid close attention to the types of encryption in - play , and the relative adoption of more advanced forms of wireless encryption , including Wi-Fi Protected Access ( WPA ) or WPA2 .
Overall , the adoption of non-WEP advanced encryption is encouraging .
Paris once again led the way , with 72 % of access points ( excluding public hotspots ) found to be using advanced security ; however the numbers in New York City and London were more modest at 49 % and 48 % respectively , with a majority of wireless access points relying either on WEP or using no encryption at all :
In London , the volume of personal ' home ' wireless access points was greater even than the number of corporate ones : a total of 6,730 , or 55 % of all access points detected , were identified as belonging to home - users .
In New York City , 18 % of access points were in - home and in Paris the figure was 21 % .
Most impressively , home network users appear to be more security - savvy than their corporate counterparts .
In Paris , 98 % of in - home networks are encrypted , with New Yorkers just behind at 97 % , followed by 90 % of Londoners who have deployed encryption at home ( 48 % are using advanced encryption ) .
Graphic from Hilary .
Org
Russian President Dimitri Medvedev chose yesterday of all days to announce that Russia might deploy conventionally - armed short ranged missiles in the Baltic region if the US goes ahead with the Bush administration 's planned ABM installations in Eastern Europe .
Even though the Bush administration ( still in power until January ) and its neocon Wormtongues own the ABM boondoggle lock , stock and barrel and are clearly aiming it at Russia - and even though such military shifts are always planned months in advance - somehow today the Right are painting Russia 's move as Obama 's fault .
Medvedev , you see , mysteriously did n't congratulate Obama on his win in a speech which was scheduled weeks ago as the Russian leader 's first " state of the union " address to his nation .
Though why he should in such a speech is a mystery even the NY Times , which used the same ridiculous formulation , does n't explain .
The implication is that Medvedev is deliberately testing Obama to see if he has a spine .
The truth is that Medvedev is rightly pissed with the Bush administration and Republican rule and Obama ( perhaps because during the debates he repeated that dumb conservative talking point that Russia started the conflict in Georgia ) is simply getting caught in the fallout .
Of the proposed deployments , Medvedev said :
“ These are forced measures , ” Mr. Medvedev said .
“ We have told our partners more than once that we want positive cooperation , we want to act together to combat common threats , that we want to act together .
But they , unfortunately , do n’t want to listen to us . ”
That 's all about the Bush / Cheney bluster and stonewalling - not Obama .
He continued in the same vein :
Referring to the fighting in Georgia , he said : “ The conflict in the Caucasus was used as a pretext for sending NATO warships to the Black Sea and then for the forceful foisting on Europe of America ’s anti-missile system , which in its turn will entail retaliatory measures by Russia . ”
The fighting in Georgia was “ among other things , the result of the arrogant course of the U.S. administration which hates criticism and prefers unilateral decisions , ” Medvedev said , according to news reports .
Which is , simply , true .
Saakashvili would n't have sent his troops into South Ossetia to conduct atrocities if he did n't think Bush 's America and NATO had his backs , and he thought that because Bush kept ignoring NATO allies who told him he was out on a limb about Georgia and his neocon pal McCain was whispering in his ear .
Somehow , all this translates into Russia testing the " Moonbat Messiah " instead of what it should be seen as - a situation where the US desperately needs to shake of the failed Republican method and try some old - fashioned diplomacy and sense for a change .
No honeymoon for Obama .
( CNN ) -- Parents flick the light switch , flap the sheets and prod their groggy teenagers to get to school on time .
Then , when the teenagers get to school , they slump over their desks to snooze .
Starting high school an hour later increased the number of hours teenagers slept and decreased car accident rates .
Sleepy teenagers may not be able to help it , researchers say .
Blame it on the early school start time and their circadian rhythms : the mental and physical changes that occur in a day .
Teenagers need eight to 10 hours of sleep , compared with the six to eight hours recommended for adults .
Teenagers also tend to go to bed and wake later than adults .
These biological tendencies clash with early morning high school schedules , leaving them sleepy in class .
Research conducted at the University of Kentucky in Lexington found that when Fayette County high schools delayed their start time by an hour , the percentage of students getting at least eight hours of sleep per night jumped from 35.7 to 50 percent .
The study , published Monday in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine , surveyed 10,000 students in the Kentucky county before and after their schools changed the start time from 7:30 to 8:30 a.m .
Students have the most difficulty staying awake and functioning during early morning classes .
" It 's as if they are jet lagged , like they 've just flown into Atlanta from San Diego , " said Dr. Barbara Phillips , a co-author in the study .
" For people who live in Atlanta , it might be 8 a .m .
For a teenager , it feels like it 's 5 o'clock in the morning .
They 're sleepy and do n't do well . "
Sleep deprivation can compromise immune systems , ruin moods and decrease focus , said the lead author , Dr. Fred Danner .
" A mistake we make is [ thinking ] that sleep is optional , " he said .
People assume they can just toughen up or take caffeine .
" It may be that 's the modern world , but we have old bodies .
You ca n't fool Mother Nature . "
Danner and Phillips said there are even more dangerous consequences of sleep deprivation for students : car accidents .
They found that two years after the change in Fayette County 's school start time , the crash rate for teen drivers dropped 16.5 percent .
Meanwhile , crash rates increased 7.8 percent in the rest of the state , where the school schedules had not been adjusted .
" Sleep deprivation increases chances of a crash because it decreases vigilance , " Phillips said .
Research conducted in the Minneapolis , Minnesota , school district in August 2001 found that when the system changed its starting time from 7:15 to 8:40 a.m. , attendance improved and students reported getting an extra hour of sleep per weeknight .
Based on years of teenage sleep research , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is encouraging districts to start high schools later .
Citing a " deleterious impact of school times on our teenagers , " Dr. Janet B. Croft , a senior epidemiologist at the CDC , called high school start times " an unrealistic burden on children and their families . "
" It 's not problems with concentration , " she said .
" It can change lives to change school start times .
They can't concentrate that early when driving that early in the dark .
They stay sleepy all the day . "
Going to bed earlier is not effective , because a teenager 's melatonin levels , hypothalamus and internal clock are changing during puberty .
" Teenagers are going through physiological changes that make it physically difficult to fall asleep before 11 , " Croft said .
Constant text messaging , Web surfing and digital distractions could also be keeping teenagers up into the wee hours of the night .
Cells in the hypothalamus respond to light and dark signals .
The bright lights inside homes and the glow of monitors are sending more light signals , which might be why some teenagers are unable to sleep before 11 p.m .
" We know their core circadian rhythm changes when they hit puberty , " Phillips said .
" Biologically , their circadian rhythm changes when they go through adolescence , just as it changes when we age .
I do know it 's biological , mediated by melatonin . "
The National Sleep Foundation suggests using dimmer lights in the house at night to help teenagers get to sleep earlier and using bright lights when trying to wake them
Teenagers can't sleep in the same way they did as children , when they fell asleep between 8:30 and 10 p.m. and woke after eight or nine hours of continuous sleep .
Younger children are better able to handle waking earlier than teenagers , prompting some sleep experts to recommend that younger children go to school earlier and teenagers go later to accommodate staggered bus schedules and biological needs .
Though high schools in cities such as Tulsa , Oklahoma ; Denver , Colorado ; and Minneapolis have adopted later start times , there are no statistics to track the number of schools pulling back their start times .
Neither the National School Boards Association nor the National Association of Secondary School Principals has taken a position on adjusting high school schedules ; they have recommended a localized approach .
" You want to make sure it gets results , and you want to look at data , " said Patte Barth , director of the Center for Public Education .
" When you make the change , it 's vitally important to involve the community .
It 's not just shifting time up .
It affects after - school activities , extracurricular activities , jobs -- and parents may have some concerns . "
CNN 's Caitlin Hagan contributed to this report .
All About Elementary and High School Education • National Sleep Foundation
Why Cville Should Oppose Attacking Iran
http://charlottesvillepeace.org/node/1748
By David Swanson
Tonight , Monday , October 6 , 2008 , a group of citizens in Charlottesville , Va. , organized by the Charlottesville Center for Peace and Justice , will attend the City Council ’s meeting to urge the Council to take up at its November meeting a resolution opposing a U.S. attack on the nation of Iran .
Some members of the Council and of the public can be expected to respond with some well - intended but confused reasons to resist taking such a step .
In hopes of clarifying the issue , let me suggest briefly three things : 1 . - Why the United States should not attack Iran ; 2 . - Why there is a serious danger that the United States will attack Iran ; 3 . - Why Charlottesville City Council should pass a resolution opposing such an attack .
1. - Why the United States should not attack Iran .
We can begin with the fact that wars of aggression are illegal under international law and under treaties , including the United Nations Charter , that are the supreme law of the land under Article VI of the U.S. Constitution .
Were the nation of Iran to attack the United States , everything I ’m saying could be ignored .
But nobody , as far as I know , is even fantasizing about the possibility of such a suicidal action .
Wars are illegal because nothing is worse than them , and because wars do not work as a tool for preventing wars .
If the United States attacks Iran — and let ’s say it honestly : if WE attack Iran — at a very minimum millions of people will very probably die , be wounded , be displaced , and have their environment rendered uninhabitable .
Numerous claims have been proven false that alleged the Iranian government was participating in attacks on U.S. troops in Iraq , but let ’s assume for the sake of argument that Iran is conducting such attacks .
We already know that Saudi Arabia is doing the same .
Should we attack both Iran , which powerful people in Washington have long wanted to attack , and Saudi Arabia , which powerful people in Washington would never attack in a million years ?
And as we occupy Iran and Saudi Arabia , as well as Iraq and Afghanistan , having reinstituted the draft here at home , what should we do if additional nations aid the resistance there ?
You can see where this leads .
Legally , morally , and practically aiding a population against a foreign occupation is not grounds for war .
The United States aided France against a German occupation and considers that action its most legal , moral , practical , and glorious ever engaged in .
And , yes , the United States at the time was developing nuclear weapons .
Possession of weapons is simply not grounds for war .
The United States has more nuclear weapons and more illegal chemical and biological weapons than anyone else .
This is not grounds to attack the United States .
A U.S. National Intelligence Estimate in 2005 said that 2015 was the earliest Iran could possibly have a nuclear weapon .
An improved National Intelligence Estimate in 2007 said that Iran had actually not worked on developing nuclear weapons at all since 2003 .
The best way to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon is not war .
U.S. threats and provocations are boosting support in Iran for a militaristic leader .
Bombing would do the same , as well as resulting in massive death and destruction and likely retaliation against U.S. troops in Iraq and against U.S. client state Israel .
It ’s not always remembered that inspections worked in Iraq .
Our government declared the inspections flawed , ordered the inspectors out , and bombed the nation flat , later dishonestly claiming that Iraq had ordered the inspectors out .
If we want to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons , we need to keep the inspectors in , and we need ourselves to begin adhering to the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , which bars new nations from developing nuclear weapons and requires that existing nuclear nations disarm .
Iran is open to negotiations .
In 2003 , Iran proposed negotiations with the United States with everything on the table , including its nuclear energy technology .
President Bush refused .
This past month , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visited New York .
While he is not the top of the government in Iran and does not control the Iranian military , he is an important member of that government .
While presidential candidate John McCain claimed falsely during a debate that Ahmadinejad was in New York proposing the destruction of Israel , Ahmadinejad while in New York actually told the radio program Democracy Now that he was open to a two - state solution for Israel and Palestine .
He said that such a solution should be up to the Palestinian people to accept .
We already know that most Palestinians are , indeed , open to a two - state solution .
You ’d think all Americans would consider this good news , but there are Americans who want war .
During his visit to New York , Ahmadinejad also met with U.S. peace activists .
Phil Wilayto of the Virginia Antiwar Network attended the meeting and reported that Ahmadinejad made a very similar statement on Israel and Palestine and also said the following :
“ Neither the Iranian people nor nation will start a war “ ¦
We ’ve helped security in Iraq .
The best help for security by the U.S. is to withdraw its troops from the region . “ ¦
The Iranian people have good relations with people around the world .
“¦
The American people are friendly and lovable .
One million Americans should visit Iran , and a million Iranians should visit the United States . ”
Perhaps Charlottesville should form a twinship with a town in Iran and create a student exchange .
We do this with other nations .
Why not Iran ?
Polls show that strong majorities of Americans are opposed to attacking Iran , and you can be certain that a strong majority of Iranians are opposed to being attacked .
Make no mistake that an attack on Iran would not be motivated by humanitarian concerns .
The motivation for attacking Iran was laid out in 2000 by the Project for a New American Century , and as early as 1992 in defense planning guidance — written for then - Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney by then - Pentagon staffers I. Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby , World Bank Chief Paul Wolfowitz , and Ambassador to the United Nations Zalmay Khalilzad .
The people promoting an attack on Iran are the same ones who lied to us about Iraq .
The results of those lies have been disastrous , including for Charlottesville .
2 . - Why there is a serious danger that the United States will attack Iran .
The two major candidates for president of the United States have refused to commit to not aggressively attacking Iran .
One of them has excited his supports by singing “ Bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran . ”
Our representatives in Congress seem intent on escalating conflict with Iran , up to and including authorizing acts of war .
A resolution that would encourage a blockade of Iran has enough cosponsors in both houses to pass if brought up for a vote .
Thus far , public opposition has prevented that from happening .
However , the House this past month passed a bill requiring sanctions and divestment against Iran , including by local governments like the City of Charlottesville .
The bill passed by a voice vote , so we do not know how our representative in the House voted , but I can guess .
The bill failed to pass the Senate last week , but it is a safe bet that it will return .
The Democratic leadership in the House has publicly expressed outrage at the Senate ’s action .
So , local governments may soon be banned from making certain investments because there are those in Washington who want to antagonize Iran .
I have not heard any voices in Washington objecting to this on the grounds that local governments are separate entities from Congress .
3. - Why Charlottesville City Council should pass a resolution opposing such an attack .
In February 2003 , the Charlottesville City Council was wise and responsible enough to pass a resolution opposing an attack on Iraq .
In retrospect , that was the right thing to do .
At the time only 60 some cities had taken that step .
Now hundreds have opposed the invasion and / or occupation .
And while the occupation of Iraq continues , these actions by city , county , and state governments have helped to educate the public and to increase and organize citizen involvement on behalf of peace and justice .
It is that citizen involvement that has prevented the resolution on blockading Iran from coming up for a vote .
Citizens of Charlottesville has thus far paid over $ 64 million for the invasion and occupation of Iraq .
That ’s not counting further expenses already authorized , the cost of veterans ’ care , the effects of the rise in oil prices , the debt payments that will have to be made , etc. Based on the calculations in Joseph Stiglitz ’ and Linda Bilmes ’ book “ The Three Trillion Dollar War , ” it is a very conservative estimate to place the true cost to Charlottesville citizens at closer to $ 640 million .
I wonder if Charlottesville City Council Members can think of some useful things they might be able to do with $ 640 million .
Of course , we have n’t seen our taxes raised this amount — yet .
Much of the money has been borrowed and will be paid back to China and other lenders by our kids .
But some of the money has been found by cutting back on useful spending here at home .
I ’m sure the city council members know what I ’m talking about .
If a federal action has a significant negative impact on a city , then it is appropriate for the city to defend itself , its budget , and the lives of local members of the military and the National Guard .
In fact , the National Guard should be available to protect this city and surrounding areas from natural disasters , and should not be sent to invade and occupy foreign nations .
Now , it is true that we are supposed to be directly represented in Congress .
But our representative in Congress represents over 650,000 people and was not elected by a majority of the citizens of our city .
He , like all members of Congress , is further removed from us than are our locally elected officials .
He must represent more people than anyone can ever reasonably represent , and he must do so while also dealing with the enormous influences of money , party , and media .
Local elected officials are under the same influences , especially if they aspire to grander things within a party structure , but the influences are much reduced , and responsiveness to people is much greater .
And this is as it should be .
This is how our republic is supposed to work .
Corrupting influences should be removed from all levels of government .
But if they were , our local governments would remain more responsive to us .
Our Mayor has admirably and appropriately supported a resolution against attacking Iran at the U.S. Conference of Mayors .
At least 15 cities , large and small , that I know of have admirably passed resolutions opposing an attack on Iran .
Charlottesville ought to get on this list early , once again , rather than late .
And we ought to consider our city council members ’ willingness to do so during our next local elections .
Most city council members in the United States take an oath of office promising to support the U.S. Constitution .
In the state of Virginia , public officials , including at the local level , typically take this oath :
“ I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will support the Constitution of the United States , and the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Virginia , and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge all of the duties incumbent on me as
_____________ according to the best of my ability . ”
City Council members do n’t take an oath to fix potholes .
If the Constitution is in danger , then their primary duty is to defend it .
If it is safe , and they have time on their hands , then they can fix potholes .
Right now it is in danger .
Cities and towns routinely send petitions to Congress for all kinds of requests .
This is allowed under Clause 3 , Rule XII , Section 819 , of the Rules of the House of Representatives .
This clause is routinely used to accept petitions from cities , and memorials from states , all across America .
The same is established in the Jefferson Manual , the rule book for the House originally written by Thomas Jefferson for the Senate .
In 1798 , the Virginia State Legislature passed a resolution using the words of Thomas Jefferson condemning federal policies penalizing France .
In 1967 a court in California ruled ( Farley v. Healey , 67 Cal.2d 325 ) in favor of citizens ’ right to place a referendum on the ballot opposing the Vietnam War , ruling :
“ As representatives of local communities , board of supervisors and city councils have traditionally made declarations of policy on matters of concern to the community whether or not they had power to effectuate such declarations by binding legislation .
Indeed , one of the purposes of local government is to represent its citizens before the Congress , the Legislature , and administrative agencies in matters over which the local government has no power .
Even in matters of foreign policy it is not uncommon for local legislative bodies to make their positions known . ”
Abolitionists passed local resolutions against U.S. policies on slavery .
The anti-apartheid movement did the same , as did the nuclear freeze movement , the movement against the PATRIOT Act , the movement in favor of the Kyoto Protocol ( which includes at least 740 cities ) , etc .
Our democratic republic has a rich tradition of municipal action on national and international issues .
Karen Dolan of Cities for Peace writes :
“ A prime example of how direct citizen participation through municipal governments has affected both U.S. and world policy is the example of the local divestment campaigns opposing both Apartheid in South Africa and , effectively , the Reagan foreign policy of “ constructive engagement ”  with South Africa .
As internal and global pressure was destabilizing the Apartheid government of South Africa , the municipal divestment campaigns in the United States ramped up pressure and helped to push to victory the Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act of 1986 .
This extraordinary accomplishment was achieved despite a Reagan veto and while the Senate was in Republican hands .
The pressure felt by national lawmakers from the 14 U.S. states and close to 100 U.S. cities that had divested from South Africa made the critical difference .
Within three weeks of the veto override , IBM and General Motors also announced they were withdrawing from South Africa .
This movement also serves as a model for the current local divestment campaigns from Burma and Sudan . ”
Charlottesville City Council Member Holly Edwards recently wrote in a letter to the Daily Progress :
“ I do n’t think it ’s appropriate to get involved with national issues when locally there is so much work to be done to stop gun violence here at home .
My prayer is let there be peace on earth , let it begin with me and my neighborhood . ”
Edwards expressed a desire to eliminate racism and violence in Charlottesville first , and only then to comment on national matters .
But there is no local solution to either of those problems .
Our representative in Congress , Virgil Goode , is perhaps the leading proponent of racism in the nation .
For our city council not to formally condemn his racism is shameful and harmful .
Similarly , Goode should be thanked for his vote against Paulson ’s Plunder and censured for his votes on war .
The same goes for our senators , who should be censured for their votes on both the so - called bailout and wars .
Both major presidential candidates have said they would cut money for education in order to pay for Wall Street , rendering hopeless any argument that spending military levels of money on non-military matters is any less a local issue than wars are .
Gun violence cannot end with guns coming into the city from outside it , with state and national governments failing to control guns , with funding being cut for jobs , health , and education , and with our federal government daily teaching us that the best way to solve disputes is to shoot people .
So , I think Council Member Edwards ’ proposal to solve Charlottesville ’s problems first is admirable but quixotic .
And were it not , were we able to create an island of paradise in Charlottesville in the short run , nothing would protect Charlottesville from global warming or nuclear war .
We might long to be an island .
But such a dream is not humble or wise .
Over 1,500 people in Charlottesville have signed a petition advocating for passage of a resolution opposing an attack on Iran .
There is no doubt that a majority of the people here oppose such an attack .
Passing such a resolution is the work of five minutes at zero public expense .
The Charlottesville City Council could draft its own resolution or use this one from the Charlottesville Center for Peace and Justice :
RESOLUTION :
OPPOSING PRE-EMPTIVE U.S. MILITARY INTERVENTION IN IRAN
WHEREAS , the President and members of his administration have alleged that Iran poses an imminent threat to the United States , U.S. troops in the Middle East and U.S. allies ; and
WHEREAS , these allegations are similar to the lead - up to the Iraq War and U.S. occupation , with the selective use of information and unsubstantiated accusations about Iran ’s nuclear program and its supply of weapons to Iraqi forces as centerpieces of a case to the American people for aggression against Iran ; and
WHEREAS , Iran has not threatened to attack the United States , and no compelling evidence has been presented to document that Iran poses a real and imminent threat to the security and safety of the United States that would justify an unprovoked unilateral pre-emptive military attack ; and
WHEREAS , we support the people of Iran who are struggling for freedom and democracy , and nothing herein should be misconstrued as support for the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran , but it should be understood that a unilateral , pre-emptive U.S. military attack on Iran could well prove counterproductive to the cause of promoting freedom and democracy there ; and
WHEREAS , a 2007 National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) representing the consensus view of all 16 U.S. intelligence agencies , concluded that Iran froze its nuclear weapons program in 2003 , and an earlier NIE concluded that Iran ’s involvement in Iraq “ is not likely to be a major driver of violence ”  there ; and
WHEREAS , an attack on Iran is likely to cause untold thousands of American and Iranian casualties , lead to major economic dislocations , and threaten event greater destabilization in the Middle East ; and
WHEREAS , a pre-emptive U.S. military attack on Iran would violate international law and our commitments under the U.N. Charter and further isolate the U.S. from the rest of the world ; and
WHEREAS , an attack on Iran is likely to inflame hatred for the U.S. in the Middle East and elsewhere , inspire terrorism , and lessen the security of Americans ; and
WHEREAS , the Iraq war and occupation has already cost the lives of over 4,000 American soldiers , the maiming and wounding of over 38,000 American soldiers , the death and maiming of over one million Iraqi civilians ; and
WHEREAS , the Iraq War and occupation has cost Charlottesville taxpayers more than $ 61 million before adding the costs of interest payments , care for veterans , or the increased price of oil , thus depriving us of much - needed funds for services and infrastructure ; and
WHEREAS , except at our peril , we cannot ignore the history of U.S. government mis-information used to inspire U.S. aggression in Vietnam , and again in Iraq , as embodied in the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution and more recently in the false claims of weapons of mass destruction ; and
WHEREAS , any conflict with Iran is likely to incur far greater costs and divert more precious national resources away from critical human needs ; now therefore ,
BE IT RESOLVED , that the City of Charlottesville , Virginia , hereby urges the Bush Administration to pursue diplomatic engagement with Iran on nuclear issues and ending the violence in Iraq ; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED , that the City of Charlottesville , Virginia , urges Congress to prohibit the use of funds to carry out any military action against Iran without explicit Congressional authorization ; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED , that suitable copies of this resolution be forwarded to President George W. Bush , Vice President Richard B. Cheney , Senator John Warner , Senator James Webb , and Congressman Virgil Goode .
Always a CMS
In 2003 we built Concrete CMS to power pixel perfect websites for our own web shop serving national brands .
This was n’t a blog tool , news site or some other type of solution .
Concrete was designed from the start as a flexible building material for a small team pleasing demanding clients .
Learn More
For a fundamental and irreversible shift in the balance of power and wealth in favour of working people and their families
Ever since I read about the incremental updates feature of the PDF file format , I ’ve been patiently waiting for a malicious PDF document with incremental updates to come my way .
Thanks to Bojan , that day has finally arrived .
The 2 malicious PDF documents I received ( data.pdf and info.pdf ) both exploit the same Acrobat JavaScript util.printf vulnerability .
data.pdf is very interesting to me : it ’s one PDF file containing 5 incremental updates , essentially bringing us an archeological record of the malware author ’s trial - and - error session .
So let ’s start uncovering what the malware writer has been up to .
Looking at the type of objects inside data.pdf ( with my PDF parser ) , we can see many startxref and xref objects :
The metadata of data.pdf reveals that the guy ( from personal experience , I know that most bad programmers are males 😉 ) used Adobe Acrobat 8.1.0 to create this document in the early hours of Thursday November 6th 2008 , and that his machine has timezone setting +01:00 .
It took 52 minutes 32 seconds to create the first version of data.pdf .
This version contains everything to execute a JavaScript script upon opening of the document , but the script to be executed is empty .
44 seconds later , a second version is created , containing this script :
This script performs a heap spray ( the most indented section of function main ) of shellcode ( contained in variable sccs ) and then exploits the util .
printf format string bug .
This exploit is contained in function main , which should be triggered by app.setTime
Out after 3 seconds .
However , the use of setTimeOut in this script is buggy ( details can be found in Adobe ’s JS API Reference ) , and main ( ) will never execute .
After 44 seconds , another version is created to try to get this exploit to work .
He modified the call to setTimeOut like this :
This is completely wrong , so after 4 minutes and 12 seconds ( probably spend Googling for an answer as to why this does n’t work ) , he returns to the previous call , but now hopes that 5 seconds will do better than 3 seconds .
Of course , it does n’t .
After one minute and a half , he gives up , and modifies the script to execute his exploit without delay :
I ca n’t say he ’s a sharp programmer or tenacious , but at least , he ’s result - driven …
Let ’s turn our attention to the second malicious PDF ( info.pdf ) I received .
This file contains no incremental updates , but it ’s still interesting because it has the same origin as data.pdf .
This file was created at exactly the same time , and contains the same identification ( / ID [ < DD95D438BE408D4FB12AC2FE7ED5E6C6><14FA8F4917ED8449B59BF6CFA41C39BD > ] ) as data.pdf .
Most PDF applications add a unique ID to the trailer of every PDF document they create .
info.pdf was saved a day later ( about 37 hours later ) , and contains the same exploit script as data.pdf , but with an extra layer of JavaScript obfuscation .
Bojan confirmed he was the first to submit these files to Virustotal .
I calculated the MD5 hashes for the different versions of data.pdf , but none were submitted to VT , so our guy did n’t use VT for QA .
It was an interesting experience , “ spying ” on this malware author .
Let ’s hope they do n’t stop using incremental updates , and that some of them will be careless enough to leave personal data hidden in their malicious PDF documents .
data.pdf MD5 1A8E5242F21727959683FA8CC7AA94AD
info.pdf MD5 23F31C83EE658BB5C2635BEFDE56199A
This is the twenty - seventh episode of the StackOverflow podcast , where Joel and Jeff interview Alexis “ kn0thing ” Ohanian and Steve “ spez ” Huffman , the founders and co-creators of Reddit .
Jeff is at the Professional Developers ’ Conference in Los Angeles .
He co-presented a session with Phil Haack on ASP.
NET MVC , which you can view online if you are …
This is the twenty - seventh episode of the StackOverflow podcast , where Joel and Jeff interview Alexis “ kn0thing ” Ohanian and Steve “ spez ” Huffman , the founders and co-creators of Reddit .
If you ’d like to submit a question to be answered in our next episode , record an audio file ( 90 seconds or less ) and mail it to podcast@stackoverflow.com .
You can record a question using nothing but a telephone and a web browser .
We also have a dedicated phone number you can call to leave audio questions at 646-826-3879 .
The transcript wiki for this episode is available for public editing .
The European Union already initiated a Battery Directive in 2006 that aimed to make it easier to dispose of and recycle old batteries , but it looks like it's now taking things one big step further with its " New Battery Directive , " which proposes that batteries in all electronic devices should be able to be " readily removed " for replacement or disposal .
New Electronics ' Gary Nevison further adds that " the requirement is clearly intended to ensure that users can remove batteries by opening a cover by hand or after removal of one or two screws , " which would obviously pose a bit of a problem for the iPhone , not to mention every iPod and even a few non-Apple devices .
Then again , this would n't be the first time that Apple has tangled with the EU , and we have a sneaking suspicion that it wo n't be the last .
The plan is to release a new episode every other week .
The episodes will be posted here on TorrentFreak , and in the near future on TorrentFreak.tv , with an iTunes compatible RSS feed .
We ’re all very excited about this new project , and we hope to see many more episodes in the future .
Below , Andrej himself ( aka Sloncek ) will introduce people who contributed to TorrentFreak TV .
The idea for the show came when Ernesto asked me if I was willing to produce some webisodes for him .
Of course I wanted to do it , since I am trying to get an UnderGrad major in Producing . :)
The first step was to get a team together , and I knew straight ahead who I would want to be the host of it .
So , I asked my friend and classmate Ashley Hardy , which did not really need to think twice about this .
Then , I needed somebody to do the introduction and graphics for the show and my good friend Micky Smeds , who is an Animation student , stepped in .
He also pointed me towards the people who could create the music and soundFX needed for the show – LJUDAFABRIKEN .
Just when I thought I had most of the ‘ crucial ’ people , I remembered I need somebody to write the script .
Luckily , my friend Krista Steinberger jumped in the last second .
With the episodes I want to bring most of the TorrentFreak ’s news to people who might not read it for whatever reason , or who just prefer the ‘ watching ’ format .
The whole show is meant not to be too ‘ serious ’ , since the things it talks about can get really dull pretty fast if said the wrong way .
Like every pilot , this one has many mistakes .
We learned a lot from it , but still it would be great if the viewers could send us an email and tell us what exactly is interesting to them and so on , so that we can be better with every episode .
OpenOffice.org 3.0 was downloaded 3 million times in its first week , with about 80 % of the downloads by Windows users , an official with the group said in a blog post last week .
The successful introduction of the open source office suite came despite the group 's download servers being temporarily overwhelmed by demand for the new software last week .
Only 221,000 downloads by Linux users were recorded , leading John McCreesh , head of marketing for OpenOffice.org , to suggest a massive undercount .
McCreesh said 90 % of Linux users traditionally receive OpenOffice.org updates straight from their Linux distribution 's vendor , which would explain the relatively low Linux count .
Many non-English versions of OpenOffice.org are also distributed by alternate Web sites , and OpenOffice.org is still widely distributed via free CD - ROMs in magazines , said McCreesh .
With the undercount included , OpenOffice.org 3.0 may already be installed on up to 5 million computers worldwide , McCreesh said in a blog post .
OpenOffice.org 's goal of winning 40 % of the office software market by 2010 " does n't seem as ambitious today as it did four years ago , " said McCreesh .
Michael Croan , a senior marketing manager at Microsoft , said , " Business customers can easily see that Microsoft Office provides the productivity improvements they seek . "
" Microsoft Office is well integrated , well supported and up - to - date with modern workforce requirements like collaboration , which is not always the case with open source alternatives .
As a result , most customers will continue to seek the productivity improvements they can get from Office , " Croan said .
Microsoft claims more than 550 million users of Microsoft Office .
OpenOffice.org 's total usage , while unknown , remains small overall , despite its free price .
That is due to document compatibility fears and Microsoft 's aggressive , tactical discounting .
OpenOffice.org 3.0 eases some adoption concerns .
It is able to open all Office - formatted files , including the latest Office Open XML ( OOXML ) documents ( .docx , .xlsx , .pptx , etc. ) , but it cannot save OOXML files natively .
OpenOffice.org is also likely counting on the current corporate cost - cutting environment to help its third try at unseating Microsoft Office .
OpenOffice.org 3.0 also marks the first native Mac OS X version .
Mac users accounted for 320,000 downloads of the new software in the first week .
This story , " OpenOffice.org Update Sets Downloads Record " was originally published by Computerworld .
( Fortune magazine ) --
This story originally ran on March 7 , 1994 .
( FORTUNE Magazine ) - TO ALL generally well - informed business people , a few words of semicomfort about financial derivatives : First , if you do n't really understand what these are , do n't fret .
Most of your colleagues , top brass included , are equally baffled .
Second , if ten years from now - despite periodic booster shots from articles like this one - you still can't keep these things in focus , then cheer !
That will mean derivatives have not been forcibly brought to your attention by bad , bad news , in which they make headlines as a villain , or even the villain , in some financial crisis that sweeps the world .
That possibility must be entertained because derivatives have grown with stunning speed into an enormous , pervasive , and controversial financial force .
Derivatives are contracts whose value is derived - the key word - from the value of some underlying asset , such as currencies , equities , or commodities ; from an indicator like interest rates ; or from a stock - market or other index .
The derivative instruments that result - variously called swaps , forwards , futures , puts , calls , swaptions , caps , floors , collars , captions , floortions , spreadtions , look - backs , and other neverland names - keep bursting into the news , as they did recently when the Federal Reserve raised interest rates and share prices sank , costing some traders of derivatives huge amounts that in some cases surely ran into many millions .
Derivative contracts also produce amazing statistics : growth rates , for example , of 40 % a year .
'' These things , '' says one Wall Streeter , '' are metastasizing . ''
They demand superlatives , are measured in trillions of dollars , are quintessentially global , and are positioned on what wags call '' the bleeding edge of technology . ''
Derivatives are fixtures by now in thousands of corporations , but you need a playbill to figure out the cast .
The lead actors , small in number , are derivatives dealers : the big commercial banks , the major securities firms , plus an occasional outlander from insurance .
For these players , derivatives have become an imposing source of profits , earned largely on the fastest - growing , most controversial instruments of all : customized , over - the- counter contracts written between a dealer and another party .
A Citicorp executive goes so far as to call derivatives '' the basic banking business of the 1990s . ''
The remaining roles in derivatives are played by the end users , who include the dealers themselves and just about anybody else capable of taking the other side of those contracts -- smaller banks , industrial companies , insurers and other financial services firms , pension funds , governmental units such as municipalities .
These '' counterparties ' ' to the contracts customarily use them to hedge some business risk they do n't want to bear , such as a jump in interest rates or a fall in the value of a currency .
But transferring such a risk does n't wipe it away .
The risk simply gets passed by the initial contract to a dealer , who in turn may hedge it by a separate contract with still another dealer , who for his part may haul in yet another dealer or maybe a speculator who wants the risk .
In the words of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's King of Siam : ' 'et cetera , et cetera , et cetera . ''
What results is a tightly wound market of many , many interconnections - global interconnections - that is altogether quite different from anything that has ever existed before .
Most chillingly , derivatives hold the possibility of systemic risk - the danger that these contracts might directly or indirectly cause some localized or particularized trouble in the financial markets to spread uncontrollably .
An imaginable scenario is some deep crisis at a major dealer that would cause it to default on its contracts and be the instigator of a chain reaction bringing down other institutions and sending paroxysms of fear through a financial market that lives on the expectation of prompt payments .
Inevitably , that would put deposit - insurance funds , and the taxpayers behind them , at risk .
This threat , even if judged remote , is part of the conundrum that derivatives pose for regulators .
Every regulatory speech on derivatives takes a bow to their hedging '' benefits . ''
Less publicly , regulators pay their respects to derivative profits , a blessed relief from the banks ' troubled loans to less - developed countries , highly leveraged companies , and real estate swingers .
For U.S. regulators , an added satisfaction is knowing that American commercial banks are the worldwide leaders in this business .
Yet these things are regulatory nightmares .
They are '' off balance - sheet ' ' instruments whose mere existence , leaving aside their complexities , obscures what 's going on at the store .
They make leverage all too easy to come by .
Concocted in unstoppable variation by rocket scientists who rattle on about delta , gamma , rho , theta , and vega , they make total hash out of existing accounting rules and even laws .
Tellingly , the laws of many countries have considered some derivative contracts to be gambling bets , in the sense that the outcome of the transaction is not under the control of either party to it .
Drivatives have the aspect of a big , rawboned teenager of tremendous strength who has grown up in a household that had neither the time nor the skill to formulate rules for his behavior and that now senses he just might be capable of gross misconduct .
You can't exactly manhandle a kid like that .
For one thing , he might pick up his marbles and set up shop in some well - furnished telephone booth overseas .
So regulators have circled derivatives uneasily , not sure of what to do about them , except to worry .
The new worriers include Congressman James A. Leach , 51 , of Iowa , who calls derivatives the ' ' wild card ' ' in international finance .
The ranking Republican on the House Banking Committee , Leach has just introduced a bill that proposes a new Federal Derivatives Commission , whose authority over these products would be extensive .
The old worriers include Gerald Corrigan , 52 , who was until recently president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and who has just become a top - level international executive at Goldman Sachs , itself a large derivatives dealer .
Two years ago the formidable Corrigan - given to mumbling , but not on this occasion - set off an industry commotion by sternly asking a ballroom of bankers whether derivatives might not be introducing new elements of risk and distortion into the financial system .
To bank managements , he said , '' I hope this sounds like a warning , because it is . ''
This January , talking to FORTUNE , Corrigan praised the steps that major financial institutions have since taken internally to tighten their risk - management systems - the controls of this business .
He commended the work of the Washington think tank called the Group of 30 , which last year asked dealers and end users to strengthen their controls further .
And he made the customary salaam to the ' ' benefits ' ' of derivatives , presenting a case that the vast array of hedges set up in the world has reduced the possibility of financial crises .
Nonetheless , Corrigan said he probably would do no more today than slightly tone down his warning of two years ago .
There 's that growth to worry about , he said , and a string of risks .
Included in his recital of these was the thought that some shock - as extraneous even as a coup in Russia or a natural disaster - might indeed cause what he calls '' payment gridlock ' ' in the market .
Regulators can handle almost any problem , Corrigan said , if they can wall off a troubled financial institution from the rest of the world .
Derivatives , because of all their interconnections , have made that job tougher .
Moreover , the interconnections frequently lead to securities firms and other nonbanks , to which government safety nets might have to be extended if the banking establishment is to be protected .
Without precisely conceding that point , Corrigan says that '' for these purposes , the distinction between banks and nonbanks is hardly relevant .
If something bad happens , everybody 's just got to do the right thing . ''
The big dealers seem inconsistent on the subject of deep trouble .
When they have talked to regulators who have subsequently reported their comments in official studies , some dealers have expressed concern about systemic risk .
They have focused , in particular , on the buildup of linkages in the business and the speed with which reports of trouble whip through the market and affect prices .
Publicly , most dealers claim the talk of a meltdown to be greatly overblown , partly because they believe each institution in this business to be diligently doing the right thing by intensely monitoring its own risks .
Says Mark Brickell , one of J.P. Morgan 's derivatives experts : '' It 's in our own self - interest to make sure that no big problems develop . ''
That is certainly true : A derivatives disaster would not only crumple the dealers ' bottom lines but assuredly bring on new regulation the industry would detest .
Consequently , as Corrigan indicates , many dealers have worked incessantly to perfect their risk - management systems , have sprung for the high - tech equipment that makes the systems possible , and have worked for laws that will distinguish derivatives from Lotto .
Unfortunately , the very need for these efforts impresses on an outsider just how much risk there is to be contained and how difficult the job is .
And history is not entirely reassuring .
In the 1987 stock market crash , according to the conclusions of the official Brady report , colossal sales of stock index futures by so - called portfolio insurers - whose investment strategies depended entirely on these derivatives - greatly exacerbated the 500 - point market decline .
On the other hand , when two derivatives dealers , Bank of New England and Drexel Burnham , later failed , the damage was successfully walled off .
But in '' notional value , '' which means principal and is the flawed but standard way by which a derivatives business is measured , these companies were also - rans .
Each had only about $ 30 billion of contracts outstanding when the guillotine fell .
The derivatives industry has not been tested by a giant failure , as it would have been , for example , if the serious liquidity problems affecting Salomon Brothers at the time of its Treasury bond scandal in 1991 had pushed that firm over the edge .
Salomon had more than $ 600 billion in derivative contracts on its books .
Even so , it is itself an also - ran in derivatives .
Chemical Bank , the world 's titular leader , is up to about $ 2.5 trillion .
Fact is , nobody knows how this powerful , interlocked business - this genie out of a bottle , as everybody calls it - would come through a really severe crisis .
Here 's how derivatives derive their value - and their risk .
Say you do n't buy General Electric stock , but instead buy a call on GE , an option entitling you to buy GE for a specified time at a specified price .
From then on the value of your call - your derivative - is going to be determined by what happens to the price of GE stock , which in trading lingo is known as '' the underlying . ''
The cost of the call , or the premium , will be relatively small and give you great leverage if the stock does well .
But if the stock loafs or falls , the call could be worthless .
OPTIONS , such as that call , are one of the two basic kinds of derivatives .
The other is forwards , which can be illustrated in terms of a U.S. company planning to build a French plant , for which it expects to need $ 20 million in French francs six months from now .
Wanting to nail down its cost today - wanting , in other words , to hedge against a rise in the price of francs - the company promptly contracts with a bank to buy $ 20 million in francs six months forward at a price negotiated now .
That contract will turn out to have been good value for the company if the franc thereafter jumps in price , but will be a loser if the franc 's price falls .
Whatever the company makes on the contract , the bank will lose - and vice versa .
The mathematics work out that way because derivatives are a zero - sum game .
On the other hand , you can argue that the certainty of knowing what its francs will cost provides the company with a gain not mathematically measurable .
The meat and potatoes of the derivatives business is a kind of forward contract called a swap , which we will explain by momentarily benching the dealer community .
Instead , imagine two homeowners , each holding a mortgage not entirely to his satisfaction .
Joe 's mortgage , whose principal value is $ 100,000 , has a fixed 8 % rate .
Chuck 's mortgage , also $ 100,000 , has a floating rate , tied to Treasury bills and currently costing him 8 % as well .
But Chuck worries that interest rates are going to go up .
Joe thinks they could go down .
So they '' swap ' ' their interest positions ( that is , swap floating for fixed ) , agreeing to settle up between themselves every quarter , depending on what interest rates have done in the meantime .
In effect , the deal sets up a series of forward contracts , each covering a quarter .
Chuck must pay money to Joe if interest rates go down , and Joe must pay off if they go up .
Even if Chuck emerges the loser , he has eased his mind by putting a cap of 8 % on the interest rate he will have to pay .
***
Of course , Joe and Chuck have each acquired a new concern :
For the duration of this deal , which could be years , will the guy on the other side of the contract be good for whatever he turns out to owe , if anything ?
This is credit risk , and it is a central issue for the dealers and end users who enter into contracts .
The character of securities firms , normally short - term transactors , is actually being transformed by derivatives , which put them for the first time into the business of extending long - term credit .
That means they are beginning to look more like commercial banks , which , of course , assume credit risk every time they make a loan .
But loans are for a finite amount .
What 's owed on a derivative expands and contracts as market prices move .
In the Joe / Chuck example , volatility in interest rates could cause one side to end up owing the other a bundle .
In that deal also , the $ 100,000 - that 's the notional value - serves only as the reference amount against which the interest rates are figured .
But notionals are just about the only way to measure the size of the derivatives business .
So notional values go into the adding machine and out comes trillions .
Counting everything , including both derivatives traded on the futures and options exchanges and over - the - counter ( OTC ) derivatives , the notional value of derivative contracts outstanding is today an estimated $ 16 trillion .
That leaves the GDP of the U.S. , at around $ 6.4 trillion , in the dust .
Multinational companies have been entering into currency contracts for many decades , and futures and options trading on exchanges has been hot stuff for more than ten years .
But what have really been burning up the track are OTC derivatives , the tailor - made contracts whose dazzling growth began in the mid- 1980s and which are now up to an estimated $ 10 trillion in notional value .
These are the derivatives that are making the business so complex and difficult for regulators to get their arms around .
The derivatives portfolio of a given OTC dealer - its book - still includes many plain - vanilla swaps , in which the bank and an end user will have exchanged floating for fixed and be dealing entirely in U.S. dollars .
But these players are way beyond that point in many contracts and , like the spacecraft Galileo , are still heading for Jupiter .
Asked recently to give an example of a complicated swap , Peter Hancock , head of derivatives at J.P. Morgan , edged into the language of trading : '' It would be something , '' he said , '' in which you get beyond binary risk and into a combination of risks , such as interest rates and currencies .
Or take an oil company , which has risks of oil prices dropping and interest rates rising .
To hedge , it could buy an oil price floor and an interest rate cap . ''
But maybe , said Hancock , the company would like something a little cheaper : '' In that case , we could do a contract that would pay out only if oil prices are low and interest rates are high at the same time . ''
Hancock then moved closer to Jupiter .
He postulated the case of a German bank whose loans have been made almost entirely to German companies and a Texas bank whose loans are almost totally Texan .
'' What you 'd like to do , '' he said , ''is figure out a way they can diversify by swapping exposures , with the German bank taking over some of the Texas risk and vice versa . ''
And what 's preventing this kind of deal from happening ?
Says Hancock : '' Well , what you lack are good underlyings , which would be an index of credit losses in Texas and another for Germany .
Those kinds of indices are in their infancy . ''
Eugene H. Rotberg , a Washington lawyer who has held high - level jobs at the World Bank , the Securities and Exchange Commission , and Merrill Lynch , illustrates how convoluted the business has become for dealers by quoting a descriptive passage from Risk , a British magazine : '' ' On the risk - management side the bank runs five separate books : a spread book , a volatility book , a basis book , a yield - curve book , and a directional book .
The spread book trades swap spreads using Treasuries to hedge medium - to long - dated swaps and a combination of futures and Treasuries for the short term .
The volatility book makes markets in caps , floors , and swaptions as well as captions , floortions , and spreadtions .
The basis book deals with the spread between different floating - rate indices , such as prime and commercial paper vs. LIBOR .
The last two books are structured to arbitrage changes in the steepness of the curve as well as overall movements in interest rates . '
'' I doubt , '' adds Rotberg , '' that the CEO of that bank was equipped to supervise that operation . ''
YET REGULATORS are adamantly insisting these days that CEOs , and their boards , do understand what is going on in the derivatives operations beneath them .
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued 26 pages of guidelines last October as to how national banks should manage the risks of their derivatives business and specifically mentioned more than a dozen times how responsibilities for these fall on the banks ' boards .
This warning is no more than a reprise of past efforts by regulators to make directors understand they 're on the line for the deeds of their banks .
But comprehending derivatives may be the ultimate burden for a director .
Says Michael M. Wiseman , a banking partner at New York law firm Sullivan & Cromwell : '' It 's just one more reason why no one in his right mind wants to be on a bank board . ''
As for CEOs , they obviously vary in coping ability .
At one end of the range would be Charles Sanford , of Bankers Trust , and Dennis Weatherstone , of J.P. Morgan , both experts because they came up through trading .
Close to the other end would be the CEO of a large U.S. regional bank , both a dealer and end user of derivatives , who recently begged off answering a fairly rudimentary question about his bank 's derivatives portfolio .
Said he : '' I am rapidly sinking over my head . ''
It is certain that this floundering CEO could not have learned much about his bank 's derivatives portfolio by consulting his own annual report .
Disclosure is abysmal in U.S. annual reports and virtually nonexistent in countries like Japan and Germany .
The conventional holding pen for derivatives in the U.S. is a footnote to the financial statements called '' off - balance - sheet financial instruments . ''
It is usually densely packed but uncommunicative .
Although companies could clearly do better , the difficulty of explaining a derivatives operation is profound .
THE POINT has been driven home recently by the painful and peculiar odyssey of Banc One , eighth - largest U.S. banking company , avaricious acquirer , and - normally - stock market star .
Banc
One , strictly an end user of derivatives to hedge business risk , not a dealer , spent last year trying to explain to the world what it was doing with swaps , and just why these things were contributing so much to profits .
Out of $ 1.2 billion in pretax profits in 1992 , swaps contributed an extraordinary $ 318 million .
But only an experienced bank analyst could have understood what Banc One had to say about this phenomenon , and some of them disliked this high - tech faucet spewing out profits .
In April , Banc
One 's stock began to drift down , which is woe for this company that constantly uses its shares to acquire other banks .
Still later , the SEC began to put pressure on Banc One to improve its disclosure about derivatives .
So in its third - quarter 10 - Q report filed with .
the commission , the company had an elaborate new page of explanation .
Peter Lincoln , an investment vice president of United States Steel and Carnegie Pension Fund , which owns about $ 50 million of Banc One stock , has had 33 years of Wall Street experience .
But he says he gained very little from the 10 - Q explanation .
By that time , though , Banc One was dispatching its cavalry .
In early December a large delegation , headed by CEO John B. McCoy , held meetings in New York and Boston for analysts and the press to discuss this one subject .
Lincoln , among the 260 or so who packed the New York gathering , said it did the job .
'' Of course , '' he added , '' it took from 9 o'clock to 3 o'clock . ''
The brief explanation is this : Traditionally , banks have met a slump in loan demand by moving their spare cash into investments .
Since these provide lower profit margins than loans , banks have also often leveraged themselves up during such periods , borrowing so that they could build the size of their investment portfolios and thus keep earnings up during the slow spell for loans .
Banc
One 's strategy in the past few years has instead been mainly to do swaps in which the bank receives fixed interest rates and pays floating rates .
The notional amounts of the swaps are very large : $ 23 billion as of last September , onto which Banc One had then piled $ 15 billion worth of various other derivatives , for a total of $ 38 billion .
The bank chose to '' receive fixed and pay floating '' because it expected rates to go down .
This '' bet ' ' -- a word used by Banc
One at the meeting -- worked , which means the company was the winner in its zero - sum swaps with the dealers .
Along the way , Banc
One leveraged itself up without its showing .
A swap contract obviously has risks .
But when a contract is born , absolutely nothing goes on the balance sheet of either counterparty .
Only thereafter , as the swap creates receivables and payables , does anything move onto the balance sheet .
In contrast , had Banc One borrowed and bought securities , as banks traditionally have done , the balance sheet immediately would have expanded .
The bank 's '' leverage ratio ' ' - the relationship of its equity capital to its assets - would consequently have fallen , a result regulators do n't care for .
In effect , Banc
One has created a synthetic bank that does swaps and that helps the real bank through slow periods .
Investors could see that as the latest example of the adept management for which Banc One is renowned .
Or they could see it as financial engineering that does n't have much to do with banking .
Why could n't , say , Toys '' R ' '
Us do the same thing in a slump ?
Or Merck , now that times are tough ?
These questions suggest why some bank analysts are still not happy with the quality of Banc One 's earnings .
The stock was recently down about 25 % from its high last April .
The trick for an end user of derivatives is plainly to be on the right side of the bet .
'' This is an art , '' says Richard D. Lodge , the Banc One executive who runs the synthetic bank .
Another master on this canvas : speculator and hedge fund operator George Soros , who in the fall of 1992 , when many European currencies crumbled in value , made a reported $ 1 billion by using currency derivatives and other tools to short the market .
Alas , the government of Malaysia went long about the same time , and lost nearly four times that much - that 's right , almost $ 4 billion .
Currently the cause celebre in the wrongheaded department is Metallgesellschaft , a metals , mining , and industrial company whose $ 15 billion in sales make it Germany 's 14th - largest industrial corporation .
For its 1993 fiscal year , ended last September , the company reported a preliminary loss of about $ 200 million .
But that was before calamitous news spurted from one of Metallgesellschaft 's 251 subsidiaries , MG Corp. , a U.S. marketing organization and part owner of a U.S. oil refiner .
The subsidiary had been playing in derivatives , where it has so far reported nearly $ 500 million in losses and may lose perhaps another $ 800 million .
MG took a couple of years to dig its hole .
In Part 1 of this affair , it entered into long - term , fixed - price contracts ( which are not derivatives ) to supply oil products to gasoline stations and other users .
In Part 2 , it negotiated other long - term contracts to buy oil , so that it would have product to deliver against Part 1's contracts .
But for whatever reason , it did not line up 100 % of its requirements .
So it was left bare on some of its supply agreements , a situation exposing it to fluctuations in the price of oil .
In Part 3 , therefore , it put on a pseudo - hedge , employing tons of leverage , buying quantities of oil derivative contracts on the futures exchanges and from OTC dealers .
The idea was that rising oil prices , if these came , would boost the value of the derivatives , creating profits to offset losses MG would then realize from having to buy high - priced oil to satisfy its long - term contracts .
The fatal defect in this plan was that the derivative contracts were short term and not a true hedge against the long - term supply contracts .
In trading terms , MG had a hedging '' mismatch , '' in which it was vulnerable to a widening of the spread between the long - and short - term prices of oil .
The mismatch turned this supposed end user into a speculator on the oil spread .
Whereupon the spread did widen , by means of a collapse in the short - term price last fall .
MG 's derivatives turned into dreadful losers .
In December , as the truth began to emerge , Metallgesellschaft 's flamboyant CEO , Heinz Schimmelbusch , 49 , was fired .
He is now under criminal investigation for fraud and breach of trust .
( Schimmelbusch 's only comment : '' I always informed the supervisory board to the best of my knowledge , based on the information available to me at the time . '')
Two banks that are both owners and creditors of the company , Deutsche Bank and Dresdner Bank , then muscled the other creditors into what is being called the ' ' biggest rescue operation since Dunkirk . ''
Altogether , Metallgesellschaft 's creditors , most of whom were shocked to find they'd been lending to an energy derivatives speculator , are putting in a colossal $ 2 billion .
In addition , divisions of the company will be sold and about 7,500 out of 46,000 employees will lose their jobs .
So it goes with the benefits of derivatives .
If end users sometimes get boiled in oil or other trading hot tubs , the big dealers seem to paddle along extremely well .
True , some of the evidence is circumstantial .
Many dealers are mum about the dollars coming in from derivatives .
They bury these instead in trading and foreign exchange revenues , which are profits before compensation , operating expenses , and taxes .
These businesses have boomed .
Figures compiled by the Wall Street firm of Keefe Bruyette & Woods show that trading revenues ( including foreign exchange ) of the seven biggest U.S. banks grew more than five times as fast over the past five years as all other revenues .
And derivatives are plainly a big reason .
Disclosures from a couple of major banks have provided proof .
Reporting 1992 's figures , for example , J.P. Morgan separated out several kinds of derivatives , including swaps and forward currency contracts , and said these contributed $ 512 million , or about 53 % , of total trading revenues , which were $ 959 million .
Then , late last year , Chemical Bank went all the way , stating its derivatives revenues straight out .
For the first nine months of 1993 , ! these were $ 236 million , a huge 53 % jump from the $ 154 million gleaned in 1992 , and about 30 % of Chemical 's total trading revenues .
It could be bad for the banks to offer greater detail about derivatives .
Analysts consider trading revenues to be uncertain income , and the growth of these has on its own definitely depressed price / earnings multiples .
Though it is the top bank in FORTUNE 's list of most admired companies , Morgan was recently selling for only eight times 1993 earnings .
Bankers
Trust , which has made itself a virtual derivatives department store , had a basement - level multiple of only six times earnings .
Investors are just not comfortable with the risks they perceive in derivatives .
One is deadbeats - otherwise known as credit risk .
Yes , every dealer worth the name carefully polices the credit quality of its counterparties and sets limits on how much business it will do with each .
But within the span of a five - or ten - year derivative contract , a counterparty 's creditworthiness can deteriorate substantially .
When Olympia & York , the Canadian real estate giant , tumbled into deep distress , the detritus included a good many derivative contracts - some since settled in bankruptcy proceedings for 15 cents on the dollar .
Perhaps the most problematic credit risks around today are hedge funds , the big pools of investment capital like George Soros 's Quantum Fund .
Many have moved aggressively into derivatives , making themselves such important customers that no dealer wants to turn them away .
But their creditworthiness is suspect because the funds ' investors typically have the right to withdraw their money every three months .
So a fund could suddenly shrink into counterparty nothingness .
A dealer can partially protect itself by trying to get collateral for what a fund owes it , as Salomon told a group of analysts recently that it tries to do .
But can a dealer get a line on how deeply extended that fund may be with other dealers ?
'' No , '' said Salomon 's treasurer , John G. Macfarlane .
'' That is quite difficult to do . ''
ANOTHER HAZARD that dealers face is market risk , which is the prospect that prices will take off in a direction that leaves them losers on unhedged positions ( a la Metallgesellschaft ) .
Some of these positions will have been accumulated deliberately in the name of '' proprietary trading , '' in which dealers use their brainpower , technology , and feel for the market to make money for their own firm .
In other cases , hedges may be difficult to put on , or a dealer may think it has a hedge and finds it does n't .
Says Gene Rotberg , the Washington lawyer : '' The only perfect hedge is in a Japanese garden . ''
For various complex reasons , options are the most difficult derivatives to hedge .
They are also the fastest - growing segment of the business , partly because institutional investors have been looking for ways to insure themselves against a drop in the stock market .
So they have been buying puts from the dealers , which allow investors to unload stock on the dealers at agreed - upon prices if the market begins to collapse .
Dealers - the writers of these puts - are potentially in the same hot seat that many speculators and other unfortunates occupied when the stock market '' gapped ' ' - that is , dropped chaotically - in October 1987 .
A goodly number of these folk , forced to buy the stock put to them , foundered as the market kept falling .
Says the risk manager at one dealer : '' You have to do some of this stuff in options because of customer demand .
Nobody wants to write a lot of these things because the risk profile is horrible .
You end up making a tiny bit of money , or you lose a gigantic amount . ''
Ca n't he hedge his positions ?
'' Yes , to an extent .
But you are always vulnerable to a gap move .
You just can't hedge it . ''
What you can do as a dealer is constantly run '' stress simulations ' ' that test the ability of your establishment to withstand shocks that are , say , 6.6 on the Richter scale or higher .
These simulations are a staple of the dealer community , and it is only to be hoped they work better than the ones that tested the strength of the Los Angeles freeways .
IN ADDITION to credit and market risks , dealers must contend with valuation risk , which addresses the possibility that the profits of a transaction may be misstated .
The good thing about a dealer 's derivatives portfolio is that it is marked to market .
The bad thing is that judgments about what the ' ' market ' ' is can vary widely .
That is true even on short - term derivatives , which are readily priced because they trade in a liquid market .
Calculating their results , derivatives traders , who are typically paid based on how much they make for their employer , will want to '' up - front ' ' all the profits they can .
Employers , conversely , will think it prudent to delay the recognition of part of the profits by setting up reserves for credit risk , maintenance costs , and potential losses should they need to bail out of a position in a rough market .
The ingredients are present for a tug of war .
The valuation difficulties are just that much tougher if the derivative in question is long term and exotic .
The heart of the problem is that many derivatives are originally priced , and subsequently valued , by mathematical models that must include an estimate of what the volatility of the underlying will be over the term of the contract .
Volatility , known to the trade as vega , can be measured in different ways .
A model builder would probably consult history for guidance , looking perhaps at the annual percentage difference between a stock 's high and low .
But how much history do you examine ?
The past six years of the Standard & Poor 's 500 - stock index would give you one picture of volatility .
Add in 1987 , with its crash , and volatility would go into overdrive .
However you look at volatility , your assumptions can change during the term of a contract , with effects on profits that are powerful .
A drop in volatility raises profits - and here is your trader , your expert , telling you that , happily , volatility has indeed gone down .
The system shrieks for checks and balances , which all good dealers have .
Internally , they will probably have '' independents ' ' who check the assumptions of the traders .
Outside accountants , who are climbing the learning curve in this business , will also keep an eye on the traders ' valuations .
Robert Herz , a partner of Coopers & Lybrand , says that his firm often asks academics or consultants to value certain of a client 's derivatives , to make sure the client 's figures are defensible .
What can happen when a trader has the whip hand over valuations is suggested by some fresh details about the big , widely publicized fight last year between American International Group , the big insurer , and its former derivatives boss , Howard Sosin , 43 .
Sosin moved to AIG from Drexel Burnham in 1987 and became the 20 % owner of a new joint venture , AIG Financial Products ( called FP ) , which specialized in long - term derivative contracts that many of its competitors would n't touch .
Sosin supplied the expertise ; AIG , an AAA - rated company , provided the creditworthiness demanded by customers entering into FP 's stretched - out deals .
Though FP never grew to more than 135 employees , it became a huge provider of profits both to Sosin and to AIG .
Sosin , however , was a control freak who wanted no interference from AIG .
The company 's tough , commanding CEO , Maurice '' Hank ' ' Greenberg , 68 , could take that only so long .
AIG 's 1992 annual report disclosed that Sosin would be leaving , and at the company 's annual meeting in April , Greenberg put the blame on ''a difference of opinion . ''
He thought stronger risk management and credit controls were needed , he said , and Sosin did n't agree .
Taking 25 FP employees with him , Sosin went off to look for a new AAA backer .
Figures that he circulated to prospects showed that FP had a ' ' distributable profit ' ' in 1992 of $ 340 million .
That was eye - catching because AIG had reported its share of FP 's 1992 profits at $ 171 million .
Assuming that AIG had 80 % of the profits as it did 80 % of the ownership , total profits should have been about $ 210 million .
The difference between that figure and $ 340 million of '' distributable profit ' ' is large .
Offering an explanation to FORTUNE , Edward E. Matthews , AIG 's vice chairman for finance , says that it is not right to jump at the conclusion that AIG got 80 % of the profits .
But beyond that , Sosin and AIG were calculating profits in very different ways .
Sosin 's contract allowed him to up - front profits in an aggressive way and to be compensated accordingly .
AIG , on the contrary , was both accruing profits over the life of the contracts and setting up reserves - very large ones , it would appear .
When Sosin talks about his distributable profits , says Matthews , he is '' not reporting on the conservative side of the ledger . ''
A further indication of that comes from the aftershocks of Sosin 's leaving .
In the middle of last year , AIG set up reserves of $ 215 million to recognize an ' ' impairment ' ' in the value of certain FP investments .
The recognition of these losses , plus the spread between Sosin 's view of profits and AIG's , suggests why the two parties fought bitterly last year over what walk - away money Sosin deserved .
On the eve of arbitration proceedings , they finally reached a settlement , for an undisclosed amount .
One report says Sosin received $ 150 million .
In a recent interview with FORTUNE , Greenberg indicated repeatedly that he thought an aggressive approach to recognizing profits on derivatives was just plain wrong .
It 's '' fair enough , '' he said , to talk about marking to market .
But the uncertainties of this business , he thinks , require that companies have '' some degree of flexibility ' ' to delay the recognition of profits on a contract until it 's certain they exist .
Accounting rules do n't make it clear that Greenberg can have as much flexibility as he would like .
But do n't expect much up - fronting of profits at AIG .
Sosin is still minus a backer .
Logic says he might well have tried General Electric , an AAA company whose GE Capital is important in just about every segment of the financial services business except derivatives .
Sosin never talks to the press , and GE 's chairman , John F. '' Jack ' '
Welch , wo n't say whether Sosin came calling .
But if he did , his reception was not warm .
Derivatives , said Welch recently , are a business '' we have chosen to miss . ''
He sees these instruments as producing trading surprises he does n't care for , and his experience in financial businesses - for example , lending on commercial real estate - has made him aware of the excesses these businesses can spur .
Says Welch : '' Things tend to grow to the sky , get a momentum .
' Let 's make it a little higher , a little higher . '
I think we 've learned a lot about that . ''
Over the near term , the learning process about derivatives is likely to be nudged along by more attempts on the part of corporations to explain the value of these products to their operations .
The SEC has put out a call for such explanations , and the Financial Accounting Standards Board has also launched a hurry - up effort to determine just what new information might make sense .
On their own , the big dealer banks that are members of the New York Clearing House are inching toward more disclosure .
Certainly , a brighter , clearer light on derivatives in annual reports would be welcome news for investors .
On the regulatory front , there are stirrings aplenty , but mostly slow - motion prospects .
In a world fighting bureaucracy , Leach 's bill , barring some derivatives disaster , seems a poor bet to get passed .
From the so - called Basle Committee on Banking Supervision , which Gerald Corrigan headed until recently , have come proposals for new rules that would stiffen capital requirements for derivatives , which at the moment do not put much strain on capital .
Corrigan obviously visualizes these rules as a brake on the growth of derivatives .
Indeed , tougher capital policies could be thought of as the equivalent of margin requirements in the stock market , a concept widely accepted as beneficial .
But banks are resisting the Basle proposals , and they are a long way from becoming rules .
In Kansas City , the National Association of Insurance Commissioners is hovering over new proposals that would give insurers some increased freedom to use derivatives but would at the same time impose a responsibility on their management and boards to exercise great prudence in employing them .
The Department of Labor in Washington is brooding over requests from many derivatives dealers that they be allowed to enter into OTC contracts with pension funds .
Says the director of exemptions for Pension and Welfare Benefits , Ivan Strasfeld : '' There are a lot of problems about these things .
For example , if your counterparty goes belly - up , you may have real trouble collecting what you 're owed .
So we 're going slow on these requests . ''
Adding to the difficulty of regulating derivatives is that bank supervisors are struggling to teach $ 80,000 bank examiners how to supervise a world in which a top - notch derivatives trader can make $ 1 million a year easily and maybe much more than that .
What , the bank regulators keep asking themselves , should we add to our arsenal of rules ?
Says the risk manager of a certain dealer : '' I 'll tell you , if I woke up one day and , God forbid , I was a regulator , I do n't think I 'd know what to do .
Here in this place , I 'm the guy the CEO looks at and says , ' What are our exposures ?
What do we not want to have happen ?
What could be the costliest thing that could wrong ? '
And for me to get the information I need to answer him is a real challenge .
And yet I have unlimited access to any information I want .
Anybody will take my phone call and answer any question .
I tend to know the sort of questions that should be asked .
Even given that , it 's a full - time job to try to understand all that 's going on and to try to make sure that all the pieces are fitting together in a way that gives this organization the kind of risk profile that the shareholders can be comfortable with .
And I say to myself , ' If I 'm in this position , what is a regulator going to do ? ' ''
Would n't he , as a risk manager , have many of these problems even if derivatives did n't exist ?
'' Yes , '' he answers .
'' But with derivatives there 's leverage and sometimes illiquidity , and there 's complexity .
Three words . ''
They are a mouthful for a big , strapping teenager who just might have the capacity for getting out of control .
REPORTER ASSOCIATE
Erick Schonfeld
But of course , Greta Van Susteren of Fox News gives her a pass ...
NewsHounds :
During another FOX News softball interview with Sarah Palin , Greta Van Susteren asked Palin how she envisions her role as Vice President .
Palin wrongly stated , " Well , they 've got to be exclusively , of course , concentrating on the administrative side of governance and there again , that 's where my executive experience will be put to good use . "
Actually , just about the only role for the VP set out by the Constitution is to act as the tie - breaking officer of the Senate .
Oh for crying out loud ... now this is just plain obstinacy .
When you 've been criticized for not knowing the job description of the position for which you 've been campaigning not once but at least twice in a short two month period , do n't you think this is an answer you 'd take pains to get right ?
No wonder why there 's a show on the air " Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader " ... we 're consistently dumbing down the population so that they do n't know what a Vice President is for ... or what their Constitutional rights are ...
We are in the beginning stages of Idiocracy , make no mistake .
And Sarah Palin is the posterchild for it .
If you want to search federal court documents , it 's not a problem .
Just apply online for an account , and the government will issue you a user name and password .
Through the postal service .
And once you log in , the government 's courthouse search engine known as Public Access to Court Electronic Records or PACER , will charge you 8 cents a page to read documents that are in the public domain – a fee that earned the federal judiciary $ 50 million in profits in 2006 .
With its high cost and limited functionality , critics call the system an absurdity in the era of Google , blogs and Wikipedia , where information is free and bandwidth , disk space and processing power are nearly so .
" The PACER system is the most broken part of our federal legal mechanism , " says Carl Malamud , who runs the nonprofit open - government group Public .
Resource .
Org .
" They have a mainframe mentality . "
Now Malamud is doing something about it .
He 's asking lawyers to donate their PACER documents one by one , which he then classifies and bundles into ZIP files published for free at his organization 's website .
The one - year - old effort has garnered him 20 percent of all the files on PACER , including all decisions from federal appeals courts over the last 50 years .
The project is important , he says , because court filings are a part of the fabric of a democracy , and should be freely available to average citizens .
" We are going after all primary legal materials in the U.S. , " Malamud says .
" That 's part of America 's OS , and we think it should be open source . "
[ Disclosure : Wired.com nurtures a hefty PACER bill ] .
Malamud is a man accustomed to finding ways to provide free and easy online access to government documents .
Back in 1995 , the Securities and Exchange Committee decided to put corporate filings online only after Malamud essentially shamed them into doing so .
For two years he operated a free site that published the filings , then abruptly pulled the plug and directed angry users to the SEC .
He 's since won battles freeing the nation 's catalog of copyrights , Oregon 's book of state laws , and the U.S. Patent and Trademark database .
Now , he 's after congressional - hearing videos , expensive but copyright - free building codes , and the Code of Federal Regulations , in addition to all the court filings in the PACER database .
While Malamud 's budget is only about $ 1 million annually , he has a matching grant from eBay founder Pierre Omidyar 's philanthropy group and help from influential tech friends like Tim O'Reilly , Paul Vixie and Larry Lessig .
Malamud dreams of a day PACER 's legal documents are free , so that academics and entrepreneurs can create custom search engines and new tools to make the information available to American citizens .
But that 's what PACER does now , counters U.S. Courts spokesman Richard Carelli .
" PACER is the greatest technological achievement in the court system in the last 20 years , " Carelli says .
The search system has already revolutionized access to court records , Carelli submits , by preventing time - consuming trips to federal courthouses and undercutting photocopy fees .
PACER is also experimenting with making digital audio recordings of cases available online , and – at least during the pilot – a copy of an audio file costs just 8 cents , regardless of length .
What 's more , PACER already gives its 900,000 users free access to judicial opinions , and citizens do n't have to pay if they look at less than $ 10 worth of filings a year , Carelli says .
Indeed , PACER is both revolutionary and cheap when compared to the state and local courts that have no electronic records at all , or charge $ 5 just to run a record search , even if it comes up empty , as in the case of Los Angeles Superior Court .
But PACER 's interface feels like something designed for the Department of Motor Vehicles , and the system lacks any way to search the text of legal documents .
Interested in finding all cases alleging music piracy , or in discovering how often Steve Jobs is mentioned in a court filing ?
Want to be e-mailed when there 's a new filing comes in a specific case ?
How about an RSS feed of a certain court 's decisions ?
You 'll find no help from PACER .
Who wants information like that ?
Tim Stanley , the CEO of Justia.com , for one .
After Stanley sold his legal - information company Findlaw to one of the nations ' top legal - publishing concerns , West Publishing , he started a profitable web - design house for law firms .
He uses the revenue to give away legal documents through the legal search engine Justia.com .
" West makes billions of dollars selling stuff we want to give away for free , " Stanley boasts .
Justia now lets academics and journalists follow cases of interest for free , and publishes some case files online for everyone to see .
His company purchased and digitized all the Supreme Court decisions , put up the first free search engine for them , and donated them to PublicResource.org .
Now Justia 's working with Cornell University to throw some Web 2.0 tools into the mix , including wiki pages for decisions , automated tracking of citations to decisions , and tools to track what briefs a particular attorney has written .
Other efforts include AltLaw.org , a free legal search engine created by law professors Tim Wu and Paul Ohm , and Ed Walter 's comprehensive Public Library of Law , which covers state courts as well .
Some issues have surfaced as old court files migrate online and then get spidered by Google and other search engines .
Malamud says he 's been contacted by people shocked to find an old lawsuit in which they were named suddenly popping up in search results on their names ; he 's currently blocking search engines from indexing his PACER files through robots .
txt .
Malamud says that there are also massive privacy violations lurking inside some court filings , since clerks , judges and lawyers are n't adhering to rules about what can and can't be in legal filings .
Public .
Resource.org used some primitive software tools to search for social security numbers in court filings from 32 district courts .
The results : 1,700 confirmed documents , including one from a Massachusetts court that had a 54 - page list of the names , medical problems , Social Security numbers and birth dates of 353 patients .
The fix for these glitches is more sunshine , Malamud argues , not less .
" Public interest groups and the public in general , when given access to these public records , are able to provide the kind of feedback that leads to the correction of these privacy issues , " Malamud recently told administrators at U.S. courts .
" If we want to be serious about personal privacy , we can only do so if we are also serious about public access . "
But the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has already experimented with making PACER free to the public , and it found the concept lacking .
In 2007 , the office launched a trial at 16 libraries around the country that allowed unlimited free access from library computers .
The trial was suspended last September , after Malamud encouraged volunteers to visit the libraries and download large numbers of cases to USB drives and donate them to the commons .
Carelli wo n't say why the trial was suspended , or if Malamud 's " Thumb - Drive Corps " was a factor in the decision .
Malamud wo n't discuss it either , but noted in a letter to the courts last October that the abortive trial " was run with no written or oral guidelines on appropriate use . "
Malamud says he 's looking forward to the day he does n't have to game the system .
" If I had $ 10 million , I 'd make a copy of all the documents and be done . "
TEL AVIV , Israel , Dec. 15 ( UPI ) -- Richard Falk , U.N. envoy monitoring human rights in the Palestinian territories , was expelled from Israel Monday , officials in Tel Aviv said .
Falk , who was barred from entering the country at Ben Gurion Airport on Sunday , raised Israeli anger by accusing Israel of committing a crime against humanity .
He equated Israel 's policies involving Palestinians in the Gaza Strip with Nazi treatment of Jews during the World War II Holocaust .
Advertisement
Falk , a Jewish American and professor emeritus at Princeton University , was on his first visit after being named to compile a report on the Palestinian human rights situation .
But , he was stopped at the airport gate and told he could not enter because his visit had not been coordinated with Israel .
He and his entourage were put on a plane out of the country on Monday , Haaretz said .
In a statement last week , Falk said Israel was causing " a humanitarian catastrophe that is unfolding day by day . "
He said Israel 's treatment of Palestinians " for political developments within the Gaza Strip constitutes a continuing flagrant and massive violation of international humanitarian law , " the Jerusalem Post reported .
I find it interesting that much of the mathematics of depletion modeling arises from considerations of basic time - series analysis coupled with useful transforms from signal processing .
As a case in point , Khebab has postulated how the idea of loglet theory fits into multi-peak production profiles , which have a close relationship to the practical wavelet theory of signal processing .
Similarly , the Oil Shock Model uses the convolution of simple data flow transfer functions that we can also express as cascading infinite impulse response filters acting on a stimulated discovery profile .
This enables one to use basic time series techniques to potentially extrapolate future oil production levels , in particular using reserve growth models ala Khebab 's HSM or the maturation phase DD . [ 1 ]
In keeping with this tradition , it turns out that the generalized Dispersive Discovery model fits into a classic canonical mathematical form that makes it very accessible to all sorts of additional time - series and spatial analysis .
Actually the transform has existed for a very long while -- just ask the guy to the right .
Much of the basis of this formulation came from a comment discussion originally started by Vitalis and an observation by Khebab ( scroll down if curious ) .
I mentioned in the comments that the canonical end result turns into the Laplace transform of the underling container volume density ; this becomes the aforementioned classic form familiar to many an engineer and scientist .
The various densities include an exponential damping ( e.g. more finds near the surface ) , a point value ( corresponding to a seam at a finite depth ) , a uniform density abruptly ending at a fixed depth , and combinations of the above .
The following derivation goes through the steps in casting the dispersive discovery equations into a Laplace transform .
The s variable in Laplace parlance takes the form of the reciprocal of the dispersed depth , 1 / lambda .
What does the term lambda really signify ?
A fairly good analogy , although not perfect , comes from the dynamics of an endurance race consisting of thousands of competitors of hugely varying skill or with different handicaps .
If one considers that at the start of the race , the basic extent of the mob has a fairly narrow spread , roughly equal to the distance traveled .
The value of lambda over distance traveled describes this dispersion .
I postulate that the dispersion of the mob increases with the average distance that the center of gravity of the mob has traveled .
Overall , we empirically observe enough stragglers that the standard deviation of the dispersive spread may to first - order match this average distance .
The analogy comes about when we equate the endurance racers to a large group of oil prospectors seeking oil discoveries in different regions of the world .
The dispersion term lambda signifies that the same spread in skills ( or conversely the difficulty in prospecting equating with certain competitors having to run through mud or while wearing cement boots ) would occur in the discovery cycle just like it does in an endurance race .
The more varied the difficulties that we as competitors get faced with , the greater the dispersion will become and a significant number of stragglers will always remain .
The notion of stragglers then directly corresponds to the downside of a discovery profile -- we will always have discovery stragglers exploring the nooks and crannies of inaccessible parts of the world for oil .
The basic idea behind dispersive discovery assumes that we search through the probability space of container densities , and accumulate discoveries proportional to the total size searched ( see the equation derivation in Figure 1 ) .
The search depths themselves get dispersed so that values exceeding the cross-section of the container density random variable x with the largest of the search variables h getting weighted as a potential find .
In terms of the math , this shows up as a conditional probability in the 3rd equation , and due to the simplification of the inner integral , it turns into a Laplace transform as shown in the 4th equation .
Figure 1 : Fundamental equations describing generalized Dispersive Discovery
The fun starts when we realize that the container function f( x ) becomes the target of the Laplace transform .
Hence , for any f(x ) that we can dream up , we can short - circuit much of the additional heavy - duty math derivation by checking first to see if we can find an entry in any of the commonly available Laplace transform tables .
In the square bracketed terms shown after the derivation , I provided a few selected transforms giving a range of shapes for the cumulative discovery function , U - bar .
Remember that we still need to substitute the lambda term with a realistic time dependent form .
In the case of substituting an exponential growth term for an exponentially distributed container , lambda ~ exp ( kt ) , the first example turns directly into the legendary Logistic sigmoid function that we derived and demonstrated previously .
The second example provides some needed intuition how this all works out .
A point container describes something akin to a seam of oil found at a finite depth L 0 below the surface .
[ 2 ]
Note that it takes much longer for the dispersive search to probabilistically " reach " this quantity of oil as illustrated in the following figure .
Only an infinitesimal fraction of the fast dispersive searches will reach this point initially as it takes a while for the bulk of the searches to approach the average depth of the seam .
I find it fascinating how the math reveals the probability aspects so clearly while we need much hand - waving and subjective reasoning to convince a lay - person that this type of behavior could actually occur .
Figure 2 : Cumulative discoveries for different container density distributions analytically calculated from their corresponding Laplace transforms .
The curves as plotted assume a constant search rate .
An accelerating search rate will make each of the curves more closely resemble the classic S - shaped cumulative growth curve .
For an exponentially increasing average search rate , the curve in red ( labeled exponential ) will actually transform directly into the Logistic Sigmoid curve -- in other words , the classic Hubbert curve .
The 3rd example describes the original motivator for the Dispersive Discovery model , that of a rectangular or uniform density .
I used the classical engineering unit - step impulse function u(x ) to describe the rectangular density .
As a sanity check , the lookup in the Laplace transform table matches exactly what I derived previously in a non-generalized form , i.e. without the benefit of the transform .
Khebab also suggests that an oil window " sweet spot " likely exists in the real world , which would correspond to a container density function somewhere in between the " seam " container and the other two examples .
I suggest two alternatives that would work ( and would conveniently provide straightforward analytical Laplace transforms ) .
The first would involve a more narrow uniform distribution that would look similar to the 3rd transform .
The second would use a higher order exponential , such as a gamma density that would appear similar to the 1st transform example ( see table entry 2d in the Wikipedia Laplace transform table ) :
Figure 3 : Derivative of the oil window " sweet spot " Laplace transform .
Figure 4 : Eyeball fit to Hubbert 's cumulative footage data .
Interestingly , this function , under an exponentially increasing search rate will look like a Logistic sigmoid cumulative raised to the npower , where n is the order of the gamma density !
( Have any oil depletion analysts have ever empirically observed such a shape ? )
The following figures represent some substantiation for the " sweet spot " theory as it plots Hubbert 's original discovery versus cumulative footage chart against one possible distribution -- essentially the Laplace Transform of a Gamma of order - 2 .
The following scatter plots ( Figures 5 to 8 ) demonstrate how we can visualize the potential discovery densities .
Each one of the densities gets represented by a Monte Carlo simulation of randomized discovery locations .
Each dot represents a
Figure 5 : A uniform density of potential discoveries over a finite volume gives a normalized average value of 0.5 .
This distribution was the impetus for theoriginal Dispersive Discovery model .
Figure 6 : A damped exponential density of potential discoveries over a finite volume gives a normalized average value of 0.5 .
When combined with an exponentially accelerating dispersive search rate , this will result in the Logistic Sigmoid curve .
Figure 7 : A gamma order - 5 density of potential discoveries over a finite volume narrows the spread around 0.5
Figure 8 : A gamma order - 10 density of potential discoveries over a finite volume further narrows the spread around 0.5 .
At the limit of even high orders , the density approaches that of the " seam " shown as the solid line drawn at 0.5 .
I discovered an interesting side result independent of the use of any of the distributions .
It turns out that the tails of the instantaneous discovery rates ( i.e. the first derivative of the cumulative discovery ) essentially converge to the same asymptote as shown in Figure 9 .
This has to do more with the much stronger dispersion effect than that of the particular container density function .
Figure 9 : The set of first derivatives of the Laplace Transforms for various container density functions .
Note that for larger dispersed depths ( or volumes ) that the tails tend to converge to a common asymptote .
This implies that the backsides of the peak will generally look alike for a given accelerating search function .
In summary , using the Laplace Transform technique for analyzing the Dispersive Discovery model works in much the same way as it does in other engineering fields .
It essentially provides a widely used toolbox that simplifies much of the heavy - lifting analytical work .
It also provides some insight to those analysts that can think in terms of the forbidding and mind - altering reciprocal space .
Indeed , if one ponders why this particular model has take this long to emerge ( recall that it does derive the Hubbert Logistic model from first principles and it also explains the enigma of reserve growth exceedingly well ) , you can almost infer that it probably has to do with the left - field mathematical foundation it stems from .
After all , I do n't think that even the legendary King Hubbert contemplated that a Laplace Transform could describe peak oil ...
Footnotes
[ 1 ] I recently posted here how the Oil Shock Model gets represented
as a statistical set of " shocklets " to aid in unifying with the loglet
and HSM and DD approaches
[ 2 ] I use depth and volume interchangeably for describing the spatial density .
Instead of using depth with a one - dimensional search space , essentially the same result applies if we consider a container volume with the search space emanating in 3 dimensions ( see figure to the right ) .
The extra 2 dimensions essentially reinforce the dispersion effects , so that the qualitative and quantitative results remain the same with the appropriate scaling effects .
I fall back on the traditional " group theory " argument at this stage to avoid unnecessarily complicating the derivation .
Web References
TheOilDrum.com
Darth Vader is Anakin Skywalker ; the Republic ’s Only Hope ; Luke ’s Father ; the Emperor ’s Apprentice ; and One of the Most Recognizable Characters in all of Pop Culture .
Darth Vader made us appreciate the power of the force , and gave us reason to cheer on the good guys .
He made us sad when we saw how he came to be , and angry at how people pretend to be him at Halloween .
Darth Vader is an icon .
And it ’s apparent by the massive amounts of toys , posters , art , figurines , videos , and more that people make / build / design of him .
However , some people get it all wrong .
Some are cute , some are funny , some are cool , and some are just plain wrong .
In no particular order , here ’s the The 50 Most Unique Representations Of Darth Vader to show how much the world “ appreciates ” and “ respects ” him .
Enjoy !
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
1. Giant Darth Vader Inflatable –
The coolest bouncy castle in the world .
2. Darth Vader Mug – Darth takes his coffee black .
3. Darth Vader USB Port – Every Sith Lord should have one on his PC .
4. Darth Vader Back Pack –
The best part is the kid ’s hat , it reads “ Comic Images Security . ”
5. Darth Vader from Family Guy – Nothing is more depressing then seeing the guy who killed Obi Wan working as a meter maid .
6. Darth Vader Mosaic –
Art at it ’s finest .
7. Darth Vader Flashlight – Use the force … and by force , we mean that flashlight .
8. Darth Vader Dog –
This actually looks like a cross between Vader and Yoda .
9. Darth Vader Clock –
If you look close enough , you can see one of these in that medical ball Vader uses as a bedroom .
10 . Darth Vader Cuff Links – Perfect for weddings , proms , and business meetings .
11 . Darth Vader Watch –
What time is it ?
Time to turn to the dark side .
12 . Darth Vader Flash Drive – Perfect for use with your Vader USB Port .
13 . Darth Vader “ Sith Happens ” – Truer words have never been spoken .
14 . Darth Vader Botanical Garden – Little known fact , Vader loves to garden .
15 . Darth Vader Duckie – Vader Duckie you ’re the one , that makes bath time so much fun .
16 . Darth Vader Painting – Depiction of Vader conquering Europe in the 1700’s .
17 . Darth Vader Pez –
The best part , it dispenses little X - Wing candies … nah , we ’re kidding .
18 . Darth Vader Burger King Mascot – Advertising inflatable from Burger King , does anyone else think his hands look like the Swedish Chef’s ?
19 . Darth Vader Laptop – For controlling the Death Star from home … also for downloading porn .
20 . Darth Vader Transformer – Vadertron is watching you download porn on your Vader Laptop 2000 .
21 . Darth Vader Hologram Bobble Head – Better than the regular bobble head , it ’s blue !
22 . Darth Vader Slippers –
It gets cold on the Death Star , these go perfect with a warm cup of cocoa .
23 . Darth Vader Steampunk – With a lightsaber made of steam and a monocle ?
24 . Darth Vader Girly Edition – Scrapped from the original film …
25 . Darth Vader “ Who ’s Your Daddy ? ” – Standard issue garb in the Death Star ’s Orphanage .
26 . Darth Vader Step Art –
Art on a step … only question is what building approved this ?
27 . Darth Vader Stackable Art – Looks kinda like a Darth themed Chia head .
28 . Darth Vader Nutcracker – Your mom would love this sitting on her mantle , trust us .
29 . Darth Vader Samurai – Badass is it not ?
30 . Darth Vader Lego Man – Star of Lego Star Wars , where was this playset when we were kids ?!?!
31 . Darth Vader built from Legos – Once again , where was this playset when we were kids ?!?!
32 . Darth Vader Cupcakes – Made for some lucky kid ’s birthday party … just kidding , he was 32 !
33 . Darth Vader Bear Hybrid – Canadians love two things , polar bears and Vader … this is the freak child of both loves .
34 . Darth Tater –
The single greatest potato themed toy ever .
35 . Darth Vader Gargoyle – Very real and from the National Cathedral in Washington D.C .
36 . Darth Vader Ornament – Christmas themed Vader , once again … remember your mom this holiday season .
37 . Darth Vader Fridge Magnet – Vader is fine … but that Tigger looks like he has a belly ache .
39 . Darth Vader Fiddler – Swing your partner round and round … wait , WTF ?!?!
Vader playing a fiddle ?
40 . Darth Vader Butter Statue – Mmmmm .
Butter .
41 . Darth Vader Battles A Unicorn – Epic .
42 . Darth Vader Surfer – Let ’s go surfing now , every Vader ’s learning how …
43 . Darth Vader Builds A SnowDeathStar –
The cutest thing you ’ll see this Christmas .
44 . Darth Vader Sand Sculpture – Umm … why is Yoda sitting on his lap ?
And why is he using R2D2 to rest his arm ?
And why does he have a blanket over his legs ?
So many questions …
45 . Darth Vader Pumpkin –
The sad thing is , this will eventually rot away … such a loss .
46 . Darth Vader Lamp – Perfect to read your “ Chicken Soup for the Sith Soul ” book by .
47 . Darth vader / Hello Kitty Tattoo – Wow .
48 . Darth Vader Cat – A cat dressed as Darth Vader .
Our first thought was , who would dress their cat up like this .
Then we thought , cats are so weird , they ’d probably do it themselves just to screw with us .
49 . Darth Vader Cookies – Nom Nom Nom
50 . Darth Vader Hot Air Balloon –
The original plans for the Death Star were n’t nearly as intimidating .
Scary Words from Bernanke By David Henderson
This morning ’s Wall Street Journal quotes a 1999 paper by Ben Bernanke as follows :
Roosevelt ’s specific actions were , I think , less important than his willingness to be aggressive and to experiment — in short , to do whatever was necessary to get the country moving again .
Remember that one of FDR ’s first actions was his successful push for the National Industrial Recovery Act , an Act that cartelized industries and slowed the recovery from the depression .
You do n’t get output to be higher by making it lower .
Similarly , he reduced output in the agricultural sector .
But that and other FDR actions were , according to Mr. Bernanke , “ less important than his willingness to be aggressive . ”
Here ’s another chilling quote :
One buzz word inside the Fed these days is “ blue sky , ” a term meant to encourage Fed economists and other staffers to come up with ideas beyond their normal boundaries .
And clearly the Fed has been “ blue skying ” it .
The article goes on to say :
One of the Fed ’s next big projects is a program to backstop the asset - backed securities market , which finances auto , credit - card and student loans .
It will be launched in February and Fed officials see potential in it to be expanded to other asset classes , such as commercial real estate .
I can hardly wait for such bold experimentation .
And , actually , the markets will wait .
People might hold off on resolving various debt issues to see if the Fed will “ backstop ” them .
Whether you 're rich obviously depends on how much money you have — but also on where you live and how many people your household income supports .
We crunched some numbers from the Census Bureau to reveal what it takes to be a top earner in 40 of the largest metro areas .
( View our methodology . )
And since people define " rich " differently , we calculated average incomes for the top 20 percent of households , and the top 5 percent , in each city .
Finally , we estimated what would constitute a " rich " income for a couple with no kids , and for a family of four , in each scenario .
Here 's what it takes to be wealthy — and very wealthy — across America :
What would you say to a £ 34.99 ( $ 53.75 ) device that plugs into your car 's lighter socket and gives you 10 - 30 % better fuel economy , cleans the entire car electrically and improves audio sounds ?
We totally believe all those claims , and those are just a few of the benefits offered by the Magic Power System , aka Power Bar .
How do you suppose this device works ?
Blood - magneto suction drums ?
Electrical system acupressure ?
Charm quark intimidation ?
Thanks to Rust - MyEnemy for the tip !
[ eBay Motors ]
Advertisement
The Bible on the Poor
or , Why God is a liberal
As you read these passages , you will very likely feel a good deal of resistance ( possibly at first manifesting itself as indifference ) .
American churches have departed strongly from Biblical values in these areas , and even created a rationalization -- " prosperity theology " -- for rejecting them .
It takes time and reflection to get past this misteaching .
But try to get past the resistance .
Spiritual growth does n't come from what goes down easily , or what we like to hear and read .
It comes from what 's different , and even difficult .
This page can easily be used as the basis for a Bible study .
I tried writing it like one , but ultimately decided that web pages just do n't work that way .
It makes a smashing good one , though ; if you want to try , replace the commentary with questions .
The best questions to ask are those without a fixed answer ( e.g .
" Why does Jesus say this ? " or " What did you learn from these verses ? " ) .
-- M.R.
God 's concern for the poor
Deut .
26:5 - 9 .
The Egyptians treated us harshly and afflicted us , and imposed hard labor on us .
Then we cried to the LORD , the God of our fathers , and the LORD heard our voice and saw our affliction and our toil and our oppression ; and the LORD brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand and an outstretched arm and with great terror and with signs and wonders ; and He has brought us to ... this land flowing with milk and honey .
Luke 4:16 - 21 .
And He came to Nazareth , where He had been brought up ; and as was His custom , He entered the synagogue on the Sabbath , and stood up to read ...
" The Spirit of the LORD is upon Me , because He appointed Me to preach the gospel to the poor .
He has sent
Me to proclaim release to the captives , and recovery of sight to the blind , to set free those who are downtrodden , to proclaim the favorable year of the LORD ...
Today this Scripture has been fulfilled in your hearing . "
Ps. 140:12 .
I know that the LORD will maintain the cause of the afflicted , and justice for the poor .
Is. 25:4 . For
You have been a defense for the helpless , a defense for the needy in his distress .
Ps. 10:14 .
The unfortunate commits himself to You ;
You have been the helper of the orphan ...
O LORD , You have heard the desire of the humble ;
You will strengthen their heart , You will incline Your ear to vindicate the orphan and the oppressed .
Is 41:17 .
The afflicted and needy are seeking water , but there is none , and their tongue is parched with thirst .
I , the LORD , will answer them Myself , as the God of Israel I will not forsake them .
Luke 6:20 - 21 .
Blessed are you who are poor , for yours in the kingdom of God .
Blessed are you who hunger now , for you shall be satisfied .
Blessed are you who weep now , for you shall laugh .
James 2:5 . Did not God choose the poor of this world to be rich in faith and heirs of the kingdom which He promised to those who love Him ?
These attitudes are a world away from God 's attitudes , as described in these verses .
Neediness arouses compassion in God -- and action .
We may think : " Of course God loves the poor ; he loves everybody . "
But it 's not so simple as that ;
God 's character is presented as a model for our own .
If God values the poor , we have to think about what that means for us .
God 's commands concerning the poor
Deut .
15:7 .
If there is a poor man among you , one of your brothers , in any of the towns of the land which the LORD your God is giving you , you shall not harden your heart , nor close your hand to your poor brother ; but you shall freely open your hand to him , and generously lend him sufficient for his need in whatever he lacks .
Deut. 26:12 .
When you have finished paying the complete tithe of your increase in the third year , the year of tithing , then you shall give it to the Levite , to the stranger , to the orphan and the widow , that they may eat in your towns , and be satisfied .
Lev. 19:19 ff .
Now when you reap the harvest of your land , you shall not reap to the very corners of your field , neither shall you gather the gleanings of your harvest .
Nor shall you glean your vineyard , nor shall you gather the fallen fruit of your vineyard ; you shall leave them for the needy and for the stranger .
I am the LORD your God. Prov. 31:8 ff .
[ Commandment to kings . ]
Open your mouth for the dumb , for the rights of all the unfortunate .
Open your mouth , judge righteously , and defend the rights of the afflicted and needy .
Is. 58:66 ff .
Is this not the fast which I choose , to loosen the bonds of wickedness , to undo the bands of the yoke , and to let the oppressed go free , and break every yoke ?
Is it not to divide your bread with the hungry , and bring the homeless poor into the house ; when you see the naked , to cover him , and not to hide yourself from your own flesh ?
Jer. 22:3 .
Do justice and righteousness , and deliver the one who has been robbed from the power of his oppressor .
Also do not mistreat or do violence to the stranger , the orphan , or the widow ; and do not shed innocent blood in this place .
Luke 12:33 .
" Sell your possessions and give to charity ; make yourselves purses which do not wear out , an unfailing treasure in heaven , where no thief comes near , nor moth destroys . "
Luke 3:11 .
And [ John the Baptist ] would answer and say to them , " Let the man with two tunics share with him who has none , and let him who has food do likewise . "
Mt. 5:42 .
Give to him who asks of you , and do not turn away from him who wants to borrow from you .
And the message is continuous .
It 's in the Torah ; it's in the Prophets and Psalms ; it's in the Gospels ; it 's in the Epistles .
How many churches emphasize serving the poor as much as the Bible itself does ?
Would the world look the way it does if all believers followed these commands ?
Another thing to note about these verses is the lack of caveats -- the lack of excuses .
None of them add " ... once a year " or " ... when you feel you can " or " ... if they 're moral " or " ... unless they 're black " or " ... if they speak English " .
We have plenty of reasons ( I 'm sure you can think of a dozen ) why we can't go out and feed the hungry , why we have to turn away the needy borrower -- and God help us , how many of us have sold so much as a lawnmower in order to have money to give away ?
But all those reasons belong to our sinful human nature , not to God .
God just wants those needy people helped .
If you wanted to be a Biblical one - issue voter , you 'd do well to make that one issue serving the poor .
Blessings on those who serve the poor
Prov. 22:9
He who is generous will be blessed , for he gives some of his food to the poor .
Jer. 22:16 " Did not your father eat and drink , and do justice and righteousness ?
Then it was well with him .
He pled the cause of the afflicted and needy ; then it was well .
Is that not what it means to know Me ? " declares the LORD .
Deut. 15:10 .
You shall give generously to [ your poor brother ] , and your heart shall not be grieved when you give to him , because for this thing the LORD your God will bless you in all your work and in all your undertakings .
Prov. 19:17 .
He who is gracious to a poor man lends to the LORD , and He will repay him for his good deed .
Jer. 7:5 - 7 .
" For , if you truly amend your ways and your deeds , if you truly practice justice between a man and his neighbor , if you do not oppress the alien , the orphan , and the widow , and do not shed innocent blood in this place , nor walk after other gods to your own ruin , then I will let you dwell in this place , in the land that I gave to your fathers forever and ever . "
Is. 58:10 .
" And if you give yourself to the hungry , and satisfy the desire of the afflicted , then your light will rise in darkness , and your gloom will become like midday .
And the LORD will continually guide you , and satisfy your desire in scorched places , and give strength to your bones ; and you will be like a watered garden , and like a spring of water whose waters do not fail . "
Luke 14:12 - 14 .
" When you give a luncheon or a dinner , do not invite your friends or your brothers or your relatives or rich neighbors , lest they also invite you in return , and repayment come to you .
But when you give a reception , invite the poor , the crippled , the lame , the blind , and you will be blessed , since they do not have the means to repay you ; for you will be repaid at the resurrection of the righteous . "
Luke 12:44 .
" Sell your possessions and give alms ; make yourselves purses which do not wear out , an unfailing treasure in heaven , where no thief comes near , nor moth destroys .
For where your treasure is , there will your heart be also . "
Mt. 19:20 ff .
The young man said to Him , " All these commands I have kept ; what am I still lacking ? "
Jesus said to him , " If you wish to be complete , go and sell your possessions and give to the poor , and you shall have treasure in heaven ; and come , follow Me . "
We do find promises of reward in the Bible -- to those who serve the poor .
God 's making a very simple proposal here : " You help the poor , and I 'll repay it . "
Full disclosure : there 's a little bait - and - switch going on .
Jesus promises treasure in heaven .
In the sociology of religion game , we call this spiritualization .
In plain English , it means that Jesus is asking us to go way past our comfort level in giving things away .
And in not getting them back .
Who are the poor , by the way ?
Among our rationalizations is the feeling that the actual poor are n't people we really have to pay attention to .
They may be of different races , or not speak our language , or are n't moral enough for us ; they may be illegal immigrants .
( Imagine that , a class of human beings that are illegal .
Imagine explaining that to God. )
God does n't want to hear these excuses ; he specifically commands us to help the stranger , the alien , the sojourner .
Jesus ' command on dinner parties could n't be clearer : the people you need to help are not the people like you , the people you like , the people who can repay you .
As for racial prejudice , note that the first person in the gospel of John to whom Jesus clearly confesses to being the Messiah is a Samaritan ; Samaritans were despised by the orthodox Jews of the time .
( And for that matter , she was a woman , and an adulterer . )
Can you give too much ?
We believe in moderation in all things .
Unfortunately , we get this idea from the Greeks , not the Bible .
Jesus asks for immoderate giving .
Consequences of not serving the poor
Ezek . 16:49 ff .
" Behold , this was the guilt of your sister Sodom : she and her daughters had arrogance , abundant food , and careless ease , but she did not help the poor and needy .
Thus they were haughty and committed abominations before Me .
Therefore I removed them when I saw it . "
Is. 10:1 - 3 . " Woe to those who enact evil statutes , and to those who continually record unjust decisions , so as to deprive the needy of justice , and rob the poor of My people of their rights ...
Now what will you do in the day of punishment , and in the devastation which will come from afar ? "
Luke 1:52 ff . [ Mary 's Magnificat . ]
" He has brought down rulers from their thrones , and has exalted those who were hungry .
He has filled the hungry with good things ; and sent away the rich empty - handed . "
Ezek .
22:29,31 .
" The people of the land have practiced oppression and committed robbery , and they have wronged the poor and needy and have oppressed the sojourner without justice ...
Thus I have poured out My indignation on them ; I have consumed them with the fire of My wrath ; their way I have brought upon their heads , " declares the Lord GOD .
Jer. 5:28 f . " [ The wicked ] do not plead the cause , the cause of the orphan , that they may prosper ; and they do not defend the rights of the poor .
Shall I not punish these people ? " declares the LORD .
" On such a nation as this , shall I not avenge myself ? " James 5:1 - 6 .
Come now , you rich , weep and howl for your miseries which are coming upon you .
Your riches have rotted and your garments have become moth - eaten .
... Behold , the pay of the laborers who mowed your fields , and with you have withheld , cries out against you ; and the outcry of the harvesters has reached the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth .
You have lived luxuriously on the earth and led a life of wanton pleasure ; you have fattened your hearts in a day of slaughter .
Luke 6:24 .
" But woe to you who are rich , for you are receiving your comfort in full . "
Luke 16:19 - 25 .
" Now there was a certain rich man , and he habitually dressed in purple and fine linen , gaily living in splendor every day .
And a certain poor man named Lazarus was laid at his gate , covered with sores , and longing to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man 's table ; besides , even the dogs would come and lick his sores .
Now it came about that the poor man died and he was carried away by the angels to Abraham 's bosom ; and the rich man also died and was buried .
And in Hades , being in torment , he lifted up his eyes , and saw Abraham far away , and Lazarus in his bosom .
And he cried out and said , ' Father Abraham , have mercy on me , and send Lazarus , that he may dip the tip of his finger in water and cool off my tongue ; for I am in agony in this flame . '
But Abraham said , ' Child , remember that during your life you received your good things , and likewise Lazarus bad things ; but now he is being comforted here , and you are in agony ... ' "
Obviously , adding to the misery of the poor is bad -- exploiting workers , oppressing immigrants , robbing the needy .
But it does n't stop there .
Merely ignoring the poor is a crime .
Sodom was n't destroyed because of sexual immorality ; it was destroyed because it " had arrogance , abundant food , and careless ease " -- and is n't that a pretty good description of America ?-- and it " did not help the poor and needy " .
There is n't the least suggestion that the rich man being punished in hell was responsible for Lazarus 's condition ... except in the most general sense : he was responsible as a fellow human being , as a man who was aware of the one suffering at his door and did nothing to help .
" Pleading the cause " of the poor , being their advocate and defender , is simply something a righteous person does .
Are you someone who , when others are silent , advocates for the poor in your company , your church , your nation , your political party ?
Biblical attitudes for believers toward the poor
Prov. 29:7 .
The righteous is concerned for the rights of the poor ; the wicked does not understand such concern .
1 John 3:17 .
But whoever has the world 's goods , and beholds his brother in need and closes his heart against him , how does the love of God abide in him ?
Luke 6:33 ff .
" And if you do good to those who do good to you , what credit is that to you ?
For even sinners love those who love them .
And if you lend to those from whom you expect to receive , what credit is that to you ?
Even sinners lend to sinners , in order to receive back the same . "
2 Cor 9:7 .
Let each one do just as he has purposed in his heart ; not grudgingly or under compulsion ; for God loves a cheerful giver .
Mt. 6:2 - 4 . " When therefore you give alms , do not sound a trumpet before you , as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets , that they may be honored by men .
Truly I say to you , they have their reward in full .
But when you give alms , do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing , that your alms may be in secret ; and your Father who sees in secret will repay you . "
Mt. 6:24 .
" No one can serve two masters ; for either he will hate the one and love the other , or he will hold to one and despise the other .
You cannot serve God and Money . "
1 Tim. 6:10 .
For the love of money is a root of all sorts of evil , and some by longing for it have wandered away from the faith , and pierced themselves with many a pang .
Gal. 2:9 ff .
Recognizing the grace that had been given to me , James and Cephas and John ... gave to me and Barnabas the right hand of fellowship , that we might go to the Gentiles , and they to the circumcised .
They only asked us to remember the poor -- the very thing I also was eager to do .
Lev. 19:15 .
" You shall do no injustice in judgment ; you shall not be partial to the poor nor defer to the great , but you are to judge your neighbor fairly . "
Acts 2:44 .
All those who had believed were together , and had all things in common ; and they began to sell their property and possessions , and share them with all , as anyone might have need .
Acts 4:32 - 35 .
And the congregation of those who believed were of one heart and soul ; and not one of them claimed that anything belonging to him was his own , but all things were common property to them .
And with great power the apostles were giving witness to the resurrection of the Lord Jesus , and abundant grace was upon them all .
For there was not a needy person among them , for all who were owners of land or houses would sell them and bring the proceeds of the sales and lay them at the apostles ' feet ; and they would be distributed to each , as any had need .
Eph. 4:28 .
Let him who steals steal no longer ; but rather let him labor , performing with his own hands what is good , in order that he may have something to share with him who has need .
With a big frown on your face
Back to those who 've given you things
Showing others that you 're giving
Acts 4 is a mini-description of the proverbial Christian Nation .
There was not a needy person among them .
Why is n't that said about us ?
We have a lot more resources than a mob of mostly poor first - century Palestinians .
Another excuse sometimes used to ignore passages like this is Dispensationalism -- roughly , the idea that since we have Scripture , we can ignore large parts of Scripture .
It does n't make much sense when you state it in plain English , does it ?
There are some good reasons that we need not follow the Jewish Law ; but the obligation to help the needy has not been repealed .
It 's found throughout the New Testament , with a good deal more emphasis than many subjects that Christians prefer to focus on .
With the prohibition on stealing , we may feel that we 're on more familiar ground .
But note the actual advice ; it 's not " Build so many jails that you rival the worst dictatorships for the percentage of your population in prison . "
Simply let the thieves stop stealing and do honest work .
When you think " thieves " , by the way , do you picture a poor person ?
The Bible does n't assume that the poor are especially prone to sin ; on the contrary .
Rich thieves as well should put aside their thievery : accountants swindling stockholders , corporations cheating taxpayers , CEOs making millions while their companies fail , presidents spending money they do n't have to benefit their wealthiest contributors .
God 's identification with the poor
2 Cor. 8:9 .
For you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ , that though He was rich , yet for your sake
He became poor , that you through His poverty might become rich .
Prov. 19:17 .
He who is gracious to a poor man lends to the LORD , and He will repay him for his good deed .
Prov. 14:31 .
He who oppresses the poor reproaches his Maker , but he who is gracious to the needy honors Him .
Mt. 25:31 - 46 .
" When the Son of Man comes in his glory , and all the angels with Him , then He will sit on His glorious throne .
And all the nations will be gathered before Him , and He will separate them from one another , as the shepherd separates the sheep from the goats ;
He will put the sheep on His right , and the goats on His left .
Then the King will say to those on His right , ' Come , you who are blessed of My Father , inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world .
For I was hungry , and you gave Me something to eat ; I was thirsty , and you gave Me drink ; I was a stranger , and you invited Me in ; naked , and you clothed Me ; I was sick , and you visited Me ; I was in prison , and you came to Me . '
Then the righteous will answer Him , saying , ' Lord , when did we see You hungry , and feed You , or thirsty , and give You drink ?
And when did we see
You a stranger , and invite you in , or naked , and clothe You ?
And when did we see
You sick , or in prison , and come to You ? '
And the King will answer and say to them , ' Truly I say to you , to the extent that you did it to one of these brothers of Mine , even the least of them , you did it to Me . '
Then
He will also say to those on His left , ' Depart from Me , accursed ones , into the eternal fire which has been prepared for the devil and his angels ; for I was hungry , and you gave Me nothing to eat ; I was thirsty , and you gave Me nothing to drink ; I was a stranger , and you did not invite Me in ; naked , and you did not clothe Me ; sick , and in prison , and you did not visit Me . '
Then they themselves will also answer , saying , ' Lord , when did we see You hungry , or thirsty , or naked , or sick , or in prison , and did not take care of You ? '
Then
He will answer them , saying , ' Truly I say to you , to the extent that you did not do it to one of the least of these , you did not do it to Me . '
And these will go away into eternal punishment , but the righteous into eternal life . "
According to prosperity theology ( and according to the best Pharisaical opinion ) Jesus should have come as a lord , a tycoon , a cult leader .
Some of his followers today act as , presumably , they felt Jesus should have acted , building multi-million - dollar cathedrals .
But Jesus came as a poor man .
There 's all sorts of meaning in that , but at the very least we can say that Jesus takes the issue of poverty personally .
A church or a nation that ignores its poor or places stumbling blocks in their way , whose supreme good is Money , is very far from the spirit of God .
" Feeling tense and angry because you cannot get online ? " asks the state - run China Daily .
Powerless to stop scouring eBay for second - hand bargains you do n't really need ?
Unable to tear yourself away from stalking would - be love interests on Facebook ?
It could be a sign of " internet addiction " , according to psychologists in China , which could become the first nation to classify the problem as a clinical disorder .
So what constitutes an official diagnosis ?
" I fall asleep with a laptop on my bed on top of 2 books is that bad ? " asks one Lifehacker reader .
A manual expected to be approved by the Chinese Ministry of Health says staying online for more than six hours a day , instead of working or studying , and having adverse reactions from not being able to get online , are two major symptoms of Internet Addiction Disorder ( IAD ) .
A tendency to overindulge in activities such as online gaming , watching pornography , using social networking sites and internet shopping afflicts sufferers .
The Chinese manual would be the first of its kind in the world , adding to the controversy over whether compulsive internet use should be officially viewed as a mental disorder .
Earlier this year an editorial by a leading practitioner in the American Journal of Psychiatry argued in favour of such a move .
US academics have found that more than one in eight Americans showed at least one possible sign of problematic internet use , with some web surfers already starting to seek medical help .
In China , which has faced strong criticism for its attempts to control what citizens can see online , said citizens could go to one of several scary - sounding boot camp - style rehabilitation clinics .
Treatment includes not just counselling but military discipline , drugs , hypnosis and mild electric shocks .
Tempted ?
Bipartisan coalition of 75 + groups demands bailout transparency RAW STORY
Published : Monday December 8 , 2008
Print This Email This Ask Congress to trace bailout expenditures , demand accountability A coalition of more than 75 nonprofits from across the ideological spectrum are demanding transparency and accountability from Congress and the Treasury Department distributing the $ 700 billion economic bailout .
Groups range from the conservative National Taxpayers Union to the liberal Common Cause and include several journalistic organizations like the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press .
The coalition requests that the government ban companies from using bailout money to pay lobbyists and demand disclosure of how the bailout funds are spent .
" The public deserves vigorous , timely , and easily - accessible disclosure of all details surrounding any government decisions regarding financial market problems , " the groups write ( .pdf ) .
" We ask that you honor this by making sure that robust and effective oversight occurs and that all relevant records are collected and publicly available . "
The letter delivered to members of Congress highlighted several proposals the groups would like to see enacted , such as creation of a Special Inspector General to oversee expenditures of the bailout funds , which are known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
The full letter is reprinted below :
Dear Member of Congress :
We , the undersigned advocates for open and accountable government , are writing to express our deep concern that the executive branch has provided no transparency into how taxpayer money is being spent and the decision - making process behind the financial bailout initiatives .
We are also concerned that Congress has to date provided little oversight of these initiatives .
We applaud your decision to turn down the Treasury Departments request for a blank check , but nearly half of the $ 700 billion fund for the Troubled Assets Relief Program , or TARP , has already been distributed with very little transparency and almost no oversight .
Recently , the public learned that an additional $ 800 billion is being spent by the Federal Reserve , which as an independent entity does not need congressional approval to lend money to banks or , in " unusual and exigent circumstances , " to other financial institutions .
To date , the cumulative commitment of taxpayer dollars to financial rescue initiatives is estimated to be $ 8.5 trillion .
We urge you to use your oversight authority to make the financial bailout more accountable to the American public , and your legislative authority to make it more transparent .
We ask that you work with Congressional leadership to ensure that there is effective legislative oversight over the entire program .
Any credible solution to the economic crisis must be grounded in transparency and to ensure full accountability must include best practice whistleblower protection for public and private employees connected to the bailout .
As suggested in a recent opinion piece in Legal Times ,  the best way to protect the interests of taxpayers is by ensuring that what is done is fully disclosed to the public .
1 Currently , however , the Department of the Treasury has been slow to notify the public of bailout money dispersals and has neglected to require recipients of bailout money to disclose how the money is used .
We request that you direct that all reports mandated by the Emergency Economic Stabilization
Act of 2008 be made publicly available in a usable format , whether the law currently specifies public disclosure or not .
Under public disclosure laws , citizens can only gain access to information actually collected by the government .
Therefore , public accountability necessitates that you enact changes in law to require the Department of the Treasury , the Federal Reserve , and any other government entities involved in the bailout , to begin collecting information on certain aspects of how bailout aid is spent by recipients , including :
 all lobbying / business contracts for firms benefitting from bailout aid ;
all lobbying / business contract details for firms servicing bailout transactions ; and
any securities or other instruments used as collateral for loans through the Federal Reserve .
We urge that Treasury and the Federal Reserve , and any other government entities involved in the bailout , be required to make such information available to the public in a usable format .
Bipartisan language to improve transparency and strengthen oversight of the bailout already exists .
We urge that , as Treasury has modified its strategy away from primarily purchasing troubled assets , the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( SIG - TARP ) be directed to conduct oversight on areas of the Treasurys program not related to the purchase of troubled assets and that you grant the SIG - TARP the authority to set up an office and hire staff .
Legislation by Senators McCaskill and Grassley would expand the SIG - TARPs authority to conduct oversight of the Treasury Departments actions and expedite its staffing process .
Additionally , the Accountability for Economic Rescue Assistance Act , introduced by Senators Feinstein and Snowe , would bring some welcome improvements to transparency and accountability in the bailout by banning the use of bailout money for lobbying and political contributions and requiring firms receiving bailout money provide publicly - available detailed reports outlining how federal funds have been used .
The bill would also require the establishment of corporate governance standards to ensure that firms do not waste taxpayer money on lavish expenditures and penalties for firms that violate those standards .
We ask that you build on these existing proposals to strengthen oversight and require greater transparency to enact legislation in the taxpayers interest , including best practice whistleblower protection for public and private employees connected with the bailout .
The public deserves vigorous , timely , and easily - accessible disclosure of all details surrounding any government decisions regarding financial market problems .
We ask that you honor this by making sure that robust and effective oversight occurs and that all relevant records are collected and publicly available .
COLLEGE STATION , Texas , Oct. 30 ( UPI ) -- A Texas A&M University researcher says a veritable " arsenal " has been found on a ship that sank in the Gulf of Mexico between 1808 and 1820 .
Texas A&M nautical archaeologist Ben Ford said in a recently released research report that while the so - called Mardi Gras Wreck was found in 2002 off the coast of Louisiana , cannons and other weapons were n't found on board until last summer , the Houston Chronicle said .
Advertisement
Ford said using remotely operated vehicles , researchers were able to videotape portions of the underwater wreck and found evidence the ship likely had been used for questionable activities .
" It 's a fairly large arsenal , " Ford told the Chronicle of the weapons cache found on the vessel .
" They were either out for mischief or they were concerned about coming to some harm . "
Archaeologist Jack Irion told the Chronicle gaining a better understanding of the vessel could lead to enhanced knowledge of the gulf 's history .
" We believe this shipwreck tells an important story about the role of the Gulf of Mexico during this period , " Irion said .
News of this website is slowly spreading to my family members .
The reason they do n’t know about the site is n’t shame it ’s more that it ’s very hard to explain to your family that occasionally you cook stupid stuff or write cheap , sweary rubbish .
It just does n’t come up in conversation too often .
Mrs Fatuous let slip to my brother and aunt that I had a website then sat back to watch me try and explain .
It could have been worse , I used to have a website thats name was very similar to a porn site and not a very nice porn site at that .
Mrs Fatuous tried to show her parents my site once with obvious results .
My brother then spent a few minutes suggesting ideas most of which did n’t sound quite right but one suggestion was to do something with white pudding .
First I suppose I ’d better explain what white pudding is and to do that it also helps to explain black pudding .
Black and white pudding are n’t in fact puddings at all .
Both are like sausages made of various bits of animal by - product .
Black is popular in Britain and Ireland and is probably the dodgier of the two .
It ’s basically bits of meat , fat and oats mixed with blood that congeals where it is cooked .
You buy it in the cooked state and is delicious as part of a fried breakfast .
White pudding is mainly found in Ireland and is similar to the black pudding but without the blood .
In it ’s place is a higher pork content .
It ’s like a dense sausage and is served as part of a Irish breakfast which is very similar to an English breakfast but with soda bread in place of fried bread and white pudding with the black pudding .
This Irish treat must have stuck in my brother ’s head from a previous visit to the emerald isle .
What could I do with white pudding ?
I immediately decided it should include it ’s black counterpart .
When you think of black and white what do you think of ?
The crap Michael Jackson song ?
The Kim Kardashian leaked sex tape ?
I , of course , thought of classic Wonder and McCartney song “ Ebony and Ivory ” which is handier than the sex tape for what I was going to do next .
I decided to recreate the fizzogs of Stevie Wonder and Paul McCartney in white and black puddings .
This is despite not having sculpted anything since about 20 years ago when I made a face out of clay that exploded in the kiln wiping out nearby art when I was at school .
I had my source image , I had my puddings .
I was ready to go .
Firstly I stripped the puddings of their outer garments .
I repeat this is not that sex tape .
Originally I intended to do a serious sculpture .
It only took 5 minutes to realise that the rough texture of the puddings and my complete lack of skill were going to make this impossible .
I decided to settle for a simple cartoon style instead .
This made things a bit more manageable but congealed bit of animal is n’t going to replace clay any day soon .
My trusty art scalpel hacked away until I had Paul ’s head .
Stevie ’s afro proved a bit easier .
Much hacking later they were ready .
Please note that the bit at the bottom of Stevie ’s face is his little beard not some 1950 ’s casual racism .
That would rather go against the ethos of the song .
I shoved the pair into the oven for 15 minutes .
I would have fried them but they were a bit too thick and I did n’t fancy eating the raw pork bits .
I made a nice red wine gravy to go with them which does n’t really tie in with the song but it does taste nice .
Stevie ’s beard fell off during cooking and the bottom half of Paul ’s head stuck to the baking tray but apart from that all went well and both were very tasty .
Hopefully I ’ve done my bit to bring all races that bit closer together through the medium of meat .
There was a moment when they sat on the plate when I realised that this sort of crap would have done well in this years Turner Prize .
It would have but I ate it .
If anyone wants to pay me a million pounds I ’ll gladly do it again .
Two million and I ’ll recreate the Kim Kardashian sex tape in breakfast products .
Helen Mirren : Sexually jealous women jurors think rape victims are asking for it
Dame Helen Mirren was accused by the Solicitor General of making ignorant , absurd and dangerous comments yesterday after speaking out again about rape prosecutions .
In an interview , the 63 - year - old Oscar - winning actress said that in such cases female jurors are deliberately selected by defence barristers because ' women go against women ' .
She suggested that women jurors are less likely to convict a rapist since they tend to think the victim was ' asking for it ' .
Dame Helen : ' Women on a rape jury would say the victim asked for it '
Her comments , months after she declared that cases where women are raped after willingly going to bed with a man should not come to court , horrified Solicitor General Vera Baird .
She said Dame Helen had made false assumptions about how juries are selected , and warned that her words could deter rape victims from reporting their ordeals .
Interviewed by the Sunday Times , Dame Helen said that in a rape case , the defence team ' would select as many women as they could for the jury , because women go against women .
' Whether in a deep - seated animalistic way , going back billions of years , or from a sense of tribal jealousy or just antagonism , I do n't know .
Criticism : Solicitor General Vera Baird
' But other women on a rape case would say she was asking for it .
The only reason I can think of is that they 're sexually jealous . '
Dame Helen , who won her Oscar for her portrayal of the Queen , has previously said she was date - raped twice herself when she was young but did not report the attacks because ' you could n't do that in those days ' .
Yesterday Vera Baird QC pointed out that juries are selected at random and neither defence nor prosecution has the power to handpick a jury based on their suitability for the trial .
Mrs Baird , who has long fought for the rights of rape victims , said : ' This is just such an ignorant thing to say , to suggest that the defence or prosecution have any involvement in the selection of a jury .
' It 's just absurd .
First of all , it 's completely factually incorrect .
It shows an absolute lack of knowledge about the way the criminal justice system works .
' I do not know what she is talking about , women hating women .
' This is a vast generalisation based on nothing , but unfortunately it is likely to have a deterrent effect .
' It 's such a shame that a person who has a high profile feels qualified and able to put forward this nonsense .
It 's capable of being quite dangerous because someone in that position saying that sort of thing , suggesting that she knows more than she actually does .
' It 's hard enough for victims who often feel guilt and shame to come forward in the first place .
But to put forward this false idea that some covert conspiracy exists in the criminal justice system is very ignorant and totally and utterly wrong . '
In September Dame Helen told GQ magazine that if a woman voluntarily ended up in a man 's bedroom , took her clothes off and engaged in sexual activity , she still had the right to say ' no ' at the last second .
If the man ignored her , she said , that was rape .
But she continued : ' I do n't think she can have that man into court under those circumstances . '
First , the " wind is too small to make a difference " argument : well , so was nuclear , until it got big enough .
Wind is following the exact same growth trajectory :
So , in reaction , let me put up here a few arguments that suggest that wind could play a major role in solving our current energy woes - not a silver bullet , but rather more than a side show .
This is a simplified version of the presentation I will be making this Tuesday morning at the ASPO 7 Conference ( the full presentation should be posted on that website in a couple of days ) .
I must admit that I have been a bit nonplussed to see that the peak oil community seems to share the oil industry 's dismissal of wind power as irrelevant and useless in the face of the currently energy challenge ( maybe I am unfairly judging from a few individuals ' comments , but it 's definitely an existing undercurrent in the community ) .
And , as the image show before , wind power has already been a large part of energy investments for a number of years now , at least in Europe ( but the rest of the world is now catching up , with the USA and China booming ) :
Pure Power
EWEA , March 2008 ( pdf )
Over the past 8 years , wind has represented around 40 % of new installed capacity ( which , it is true , represents a smaller fraction a new production , in MWh , which is probably closer to 25 % ) .
In terms of investment amounts , wind has actually been the biggest business for the power generation manufaturers like GE or Siemens , given that a wind MW costs about double what a gas MW costs ( prices per MWh are something else , given that you still need to buy the natural gas to burn to generate using a gas turbine ... ) .
Wind will be a core instrument for the EU to fulfill its stated objectives of reducing carbon emissions and improving energy independence .
Penetration , 2005 & 2020
Implication of Large - Scale Wind Power in Northern Europe
Klaus Skytte , Econ Poyry , presentation to EWEC 2008
So it is simply false to say that wind is too small to matter .
It is the biggest power generation industry by turnover in Europe , and it is on a fast growing trend that will quickly ensure that it becomes a significant part of the installed generation base .
The industry reached the level of 100 GW ofinstalled capacity this year , as well as the threshhold of being able to produce 1 exajoule per year of useful energy .
In fact , wind is reaching the stage where nuclear was when it was hit by the 1973 energy shock ( which lowered demand and killed new investment ) and the 1979 Three Mile Island accident ( which turned the public against the industry ) and is unlikely to hit the same snags :
Public opinion , despite persistent anti-wind lobbying by the coal or nuke industries and a few well - funded NIMBY associations , is massively behind wind power :
More importantly , wind has a major economic quality : the more there is , the lower electricity costs :
The effect of wind power on spot market prices ( pdf )
Rune Moesgaard , Poul Erik Morthorst , presentation to EWEC 2008
Under market price setting mechanisms , wind power ( which has a zero marginal cost ) brings wholesale prices down when it is available , by avoiding the need for more expensive coal - fired or , more usually , gas - fired power plants that would otherwise be required to balance the system .
The effect of wind power on spot market prices ( pdf )
Rune Moesgaard , Poul Erik Morthorst , presentation to EWEC 2008
The overall effect ( price reduction multiplied by the relevant volume ) now brings savings to consumers in Denmark that are equivalent to the gross cost of feed - in tariffs , and significantly higher than the net subsidy , as wholesale prices are now pretty close to , and increasingly often higher than , the feed - in tariffs guaranteed to wind power producers .
The same is already true in Germany , despite its somewhat lower wind penetration than in Denmark ( 11 ( ed : wrongly used the number for Spain ) 7 % of electricity produced , vs 25 % )
Assessment of the impact of renewable electricity generation on the German electricity sector ( pdf )
Mario Ragwitz , Frank Sensfuss , Fraunhofer Institute , presentation to EWEC 2008
Note again that the cost noted above for the subsidy is the gross amount of the tariff , not the difference between the tariff and the wholesale price , which would be the correct amount of the subsidy granted to wind power producers
In other words , wind subsidies demonstrably save money for eletricity consumers , ie they are smart regulation .
An another interesting point to note is that wind power costs are now also well understood : industrial - size turbines now have a 15 - year track record , and availability has been consistently in the 96 - 98 % range , as shown by this meta study on 14,000 turbines :
Availability Trends Observed at Operating Wind Farms ( pdf )
Keir Harman , Andrew Garrad , Garrad Hassan , presentation to EWEC 2008
And while offshore is slightly more expensive today than onshore wind , we 're not about to run out of convenient spots at sea , away from whining onlookers , to continue the development of the industry :
photo by author
Thornton Bank , Belgium , August 2008
More stories about wind , and more discussion of other issues surrounding wind can be found on this page , of which I select a few noteworthy items :
The conclusion is simple : wind power deserves to be taken seriously
( CNN ) -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin called former aides of Sen. John McCain " jerks " for circulating unflattering stories about her since the Republican ticket lost its bid for the White House Tuesday .
Sources close to John McCain say Sarah Palin was denied a chance to speak at McCain 's concession address .
The stories , which have been attributed to unnamed sources within the McCain campaign , include claims that Palin did not know Africa was a continent instead of a country , or which countries are part of the North American Free Trade Agreement , despite touting her familiarity with neighboring Canada .
Speaking with CNN's Gary Tuchman after returning to Alaska , Palin speculated those stories may have originated with campaign staffers who helped her prepare for her debate with Democratic Vice President - elect Joe Biden .
" Those were taken out of context and that 's cruel , " Palin said .
" It 's mean - spirited .
It 's immature .
It 's unprofessional and those guys are jerks if they came away with it , taking things out of context , and then tried to spread something on national news . "
Watch Palin talk about the " mean - spirited " attacks »
One source involved in preparing Palin for interviews and the vice - presidential debate told CNN " she had not paid attention to a single policy debate that 's gone on in this country for 10 years . "
Palin told Tuchman she remembers having conversations about NAFTA and Africa during her preparations , but that the stories about her " are not true . "
She said it was " cowardly " for staffers to make claims about her anonymously .
" It 's not fair and it 's not right . "
Watch CNN's Gary Tuchman 's interview with Palin »
Two McCain sources said they were furious about Palin 's supposed call Saturday with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , which turned out to be a prank by two radio DJs .
A source close to Palin told CNN that she had prepared to deliver a concession speech Tuesday night , and expected to address the crowd at the Arizona Biltmore in Phoenix , Arizona .
Several sources told CNN that McCain senior adviser Steve Schmidt told Palin no , in part because of built - up anger among some McCain aides who say Palin had become more interested in her own future than in McCain 's election .
Palin denies that claim .
Watch what 's being said about Palin »
There have also been reports of a somewhat distant relationship between McCain and his running mate .
" This is so unfortunate and , quite honestly , sickening , " Palin aide Meghan Stapleton said Thursday in a written statement .
" The accusations we are hearing and reading are not true , and since we deny all these anonymous allegations , there is nothing specific to which we will respond .
Watch more about the infighting »
" We have the highest regards for Sen. John McCain .
Gov. Palin was honored to be chosen as McCain 's running mate .
And as governor of Alaska , Gov. Palin looks forward to working with President - elect Obama on securing energy independence for America . "
On Election Day , Palin denied there was tension .
Once back in Alaska , she said she would not respond to individual accusations .
Watch Palin discuss the controversy »
" I wo n't comment on anyone 's gossip or allegations that are based on anonymous sources , " she said .
" That 's kind of a small , evidently bitter type of person , who would anonymously charge something foolish like that -- that I perhaps did n't know an answer to a question .
So until I know who was talking about it , I wo n't have a comment on false allegations . "
In response to the allegations that she was ill - prepared for interviews and debate , Randy Scheunemann , an aide assigned to Palin , called her " brilliant " and said she has a " photographic memory . "
iReport.com : Does Palin have a political future ?
Despite the acrimony , many McCain aides say they are sad the campaign team dissolved so quickly .
CNN 's Dana Bash and Gary Tuchman in Anchorage , Alaska , contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • Election Campaigns
What makes art or design both amazing and green ?
Sustainability is a factor , but so is style – and the degree to which something is integrated with its environment .
From transforming green boxes to rotating dome homes , creative eco-art to exotic eco-landscapes and dizzying tree houses to dazzling tree sculptures , here are twenty of the greatest ( and strangest ) works of contemporary green art , architecture and design .
Click the thumbnails below for more images and information :
The Alan Sugar years :
After the biggest stock flotation in history made the two Steves super - rich , they were now bona fide businessmen .
And , as any MBA will tell you , that 's shorthand for " a snappy 1980s suit and eradication of any unsightly facial hair , please " .
Eagle - eyed fans continue to wonder whether Jobs is wearing any trousers with his suit : the enigmatic smile on the face of the Japanese woman featured on the Mac screen is giving nothing away .
A LOBBY group set up by internet auction house eBay and other online merchants in the US and Europe plans to open a chapter in Australia as the Federal Government is poised to reveal details of its contentious cyber safety plan .
Labor promised before last year 's election to protect children from objectionable content on the internet and set aside $ 128.5 million in the May budget to deal with cyber safety and law enforcement .
A spokesman for Communications Minister Stephen Conroy said the Government would soon invite the internet industry to participate in a live trial of a content filtering plan .
A small - scale test has been held within the Australian Communications and Media Authority and the Government has hired Melbourne company Enex TestLab to design a live pilot test on a real network .
Enex Testlab is a private laboratory spun out of RMIT IT Testlab three years ago .
It has international clients in business and government sectors and consults in Asia , Europe and North America .
On Wednesday , two top McCain campaign advisers said that the clothing purchases for Ms. Palin and her family were a particular source of outrage for them .
As they portrayed it , Ms. Palin had been advised by Nicolle Wallace , a senior McCain aide , that she should buy three new suits for the Republican National Convention in St. Paul in September and three additional suits for the fall campaign .
The budget for the clothes was anticipated to be from $ 20,000 to $ 25,000 , the officials said .
Instead , in a public relations debacle undermining Ms. Palin ’s image as an everywoman “ hockey mom , ” bills came in to the Republican National Committee for about $ 150,000 , including charges of $ 75,062 at Neiman Marcus and $ 49,425 at Saks Fifth Avenue .
The bills included clothing for Ms. Palin ’s family and purchases of shoes , luggage and jewelry , the advisers said .
The advisers described the McCain campaign as incredulous about the shopping spree and said Republican National Committee lawyers were likely to go to Alaska to conduct an inventory and try to account for all that was spent .
Ms. Palin has defended her wardrobe as the idea of the Republican National Committee and said that she would give it back .
“ Those clothes , they are not my property , ” she said .
“ Just like the lighting and the staging and everything else that the R.N.C. purchased . ”
Advisers in the McCain campaign , in suggesting that Palin advisers had been leaking damaging information about the McCain campaign to the news media , said they were particularly suspicious of Randy Scheunemann , Mr. McCain ’s top foreign policy aide who had a central role in preparing Ms. Palin for the vice - presidential debate .
As a result , two senior members of the McCain campaign said on Wednesday that Mr. Scheunemann had been fired from the campaign in its final days .
But Rick Davis , the McCain campaign manager , and Mr. Salter , one of Mr. McCain ’s closest advisers , said Wednesday that Mr. Scheunemann had in fact not been dismissed .
Mr. Scheunemann , who picked up the phone in his office at McCain campaign headquarters on Wednesday afternoon , responded that “ anybody who says I was fired is either lying or delusional or a whack job . ”
Asian LCD makers fined by the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) expressed regret over the price - fixing schemes that led to US $ 585 million in fines .
The companies , Sharp of Japan , LG Display of South Korea and Chunghwa Picture Tubes of Taiwan , plead guilty to fixing prices on LCD ( liquid crystal display ) panels , the most expensive part of the screens on computer monitors , laptops , LCD - TVs and mobile phones .
Sharp pledged to work to regain public trust and implement measures to insure against a recurrence of any kind of similar issue .
In a statement , the company said its chairman and CEO , along with some directors pledged to return 10 percent to 30 percent of their remuneration for the December quarter to ease anxiety among company shareholders .
The DOJ fined Sharp US $ 120 million .
Chunghwa Picture Tubes will continue working with the DOJ on its LCD industry investigation , it said in a statement .
The company said it had already set aside funds in the event it settled with the DOJ in this case so the $ 65 million it was fined will not impact its financial situation .
The DOJ investigation started in late 2006 .
LG Display , which was hit with the largest fine of the group , $ 400 million , declined to immediately comment .
The company 's fine was the second highest criminal fine ever imposed by the DOJ 's Antitrust Division .
The three major LCD panel makers agreed to pay a total of US $ 585 million in fines for price - fixing and pledged to cooperate in the DOJ 's continuing antitrust investigation into LCD price - fixing .
The companies also face investigations by regulators in Japan and the European Union .
The DOJ penalty could n't come at a worse time for the companies .
A glut of LCD panels globally has depressed prices and the global financial crisis is hurting demand for a range of items LCD panels are used in , including the screens of computer monitors , laptops , LCD - TVs and mobile phones .
The DOJ said U.S. consumers who buy mobile phones , computers and other household electronics have been most affected by the price - fixing conspiracy , while affected companies include Apple , Dell and Motorola .
The LCD makers fixed prices from a time period between April , 2001 to near the end of 2006 , according to the DOJ .
( Martyn Williams in Tokyo contributed to this story . )
I have yet to actually try this myself , but if you shoot three hidden cowboy hats consecutively with your pistol in Chapter 3 of Act 1 on Insane difficulty , everyone will be wearing hats !
Advertisement
If you click the jump , you can even see a Corpser go Wild Wild West on everybody .
YEEHAW !
`
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Wednesday that the government would broaden the reach of its $ 700 billion bailout plan to support non-bank financial institutions that provide consumer credit , such as credit cards and auto loans .
In this second stage of the bailout , officials also hope to attract private capital , possibly through matching investments , to give the government 's injections more heft .
Paulson also said the government is no longer planning to buy troubled mortgage assets , the original goal of the plan .
Therefore , it must come up with new ways to help homeowners and slow the tide of foreclosures , which it had hoped to do once it owned the troubled loans .
" Although the financial system has stabilized , both banks and non-banks may well need more capital given their troubled asset holdings , projections for continued high rates of foreclosures and stagnant U.S. and world economic conditions , " Paulson said .
" Second , the important markets for securitizing credit outside of the banking system also need support , " he said .
" Approximately 40 percent of U.S. consumer credit is provided through securitization of credit card receivables , auto loans and student loans and similar products .
This market , which is vital for lending and growth , has for all practical purposes ground to a halt . "
In the five weeks since Congress approved the bailout , the Treasury Department has focused on injecting capital into banks .
Nearly 50 financial firms have won full or preliminary approval to receive a total of $ 172 billion in equity injections .
The government has yet to award another $ 78 billion .
Most institutions have until Friday , though private banks have additional time .
Also , the government on Monday tapped into $ 40 billion to amend the emergency loan for American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , the struggling insurance titan .
The Treasury Department has access to another $ 60 billion to stabilize the financial system .
Paulson said he does not have a timeline for when the Treasury Department would need congressional approval for access to the remaining $ 350 billion in the rescue package .
At this time , he does n't think stabilizing the system will require more than $ 700 billion .
Helping consumer finance companies
Paulson also said that Treasury and the Federal Reserve might set up a program to provide funding to consumer finance companies , taking AAA asset - backed securities as collateral .
Consumer finance companies that provide funding for auto loans , student loans and credit cards are suffering .
Just as investors are no longer scooping up securities backed by mortgage loans , they are also shying away from investments backed by other loans .
The securitization market is a critical source of funding for most non-bank finance companies , which do n't have the luxury of customer deposits .
And banks and investments banks already have the ability to trade asset - backed securities for Fed funding .
Without access to funds , consumer financing companies have had to curtail their offerings or shut down .
As a result , Americans have had a harder time getting car loans , student loans and credit cards .
" Addressing the needs of the securitization sector will help get lending going again , helping consumers and supporting the U.S. economy , " Paulson said .
American Express ( AXP , Fortune 500 ) provided the most recent example of the troubles facing non-bank financial institutions .
On Monday , the Federal Reserve reclassified the credit card issuer as a bank so it could more easily access government financing .
It has reportedly asked for $ 3.5 billion under the bailout plan .
More help needed for homeowners
When the Treasury Department first announced the rescue plan in late September , it said it could help homeowners because the government could more easily modify mortgages if it owned the troubled securities .
Now that Paulson has backed away from the bailout 's original goal , federal officials have to find another way to assist borrowers facing foreclosure .
" In crafting the financial rescue package , we and the Congress agreed that Treasury would use its leverage as a major purchaser of troubled mortgages to work with servicers and achieve more aggressive mortgage modification standards , " he said .
" Now that we are not planning to purchase illiquid mortgage assets , we must find another way to meet that commitment . "
Officials Tuesday unveiled a plan to streamline mortgage modifications on loans owned or guaranteed by Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , which touch 58 % of the single - family loan market .
Experts , however , said more needs to be done because the program does not cover the majority of troubled loans , which are owned by private investors .
Government officials are continuing to review modification proposals , including one put forth by Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Chairman Sheila Bair , which would use rescue plan funds to guarantee a portion of the restructured mortgages .
Paulson said the department continues to " encourage " servicers to work with delinquent homeowners to get them into affordable mortgages .
Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , however , called on Paulson to do more to help homeowners .
" While I believe that today 's announcement is the appropriate course of action , it is becoming increasingly apparent that a robust and aggressive program to stem the tide of foreclosures sweeping across the nation is critical to any policy to put our economy back on track , " he said .
" Secretary Paulson should be as quick to realize that the foreclosure issue is critical to solving our problems as he was in realizing that equity purchases were necessary . "
Wall Street firms also expressed disappointment in the shift away from buying troubled assets .
One of the main problems that has arisen amid the mortgage meltdown is that firms can no longer put a price on these assets because no one wants to buy them .
Had the government purchased distressed mortgage securities , it would have valued these assets .
" Until we have a functioning marketplace -- where buyers and sellers agree on prices and institutions can subsequently judge the value of the assets they hold -- uncertainty could keep many financial players on the sidelines , restricting lending capital for the larger economy , " said Tim Ryan , head of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association .
" Treasury is uniquely positioned to bring these buyers and sellers together . "
Responding to calls to use bailout money to aid struggling carmakers , Paulson said the rescue plan is aimed at stabilizing financial institutions .
He added that Congress could look to amend the terms of the recent $ 25 billion loan package for automakers .
President - elect Barack Obama , who has said he wants to review the rescue plan 's implementation , is pushing the Bush administration to assist them .
Despite A Recession , The U.S. Economy Is n’t As Bad As You Think
A recession may be looming , but overall , the U.S. economy is n’t in as bad a shape as we may think .
Or is it ?
SVB : The stock market goes up and down 900 points at a time and the wild behavior is making many of us sick in the gut .
But how about we step outside of our blinders a little and look at the * really * big picture ?
I do n’t know … maybe it ’ll help a little to see how we stand in the big scheme of things .
I ’m sure that many of the more jaded may disagree , but I found this post by Jacques Sprenger ( one of our contributing writers ) to be rather refreshing , as one written to counteract these schools of thought .
The premise of our article today ?
Where we stand is all relative .
Whoever says that the American economy has tanked should take another look .
I believe this country is one of the most productive nations in the world , up there with the Germans and the Japanese who are no slouches when it comes to industrial output and innovation .
The Great Depression You Say ?
This Is Not 1929 !
The rate of unemployment as of August 31 , 2008 is 6.1 % , an admittedly higher rate than 2 years ago , but still very low when compared to European countries .
We reached that rate in August of 2003 and nobody screamed “ Depression ” then .
In 2007 , the median income per household reached over $ 50,000 ( cost of living aside ) , the highest in history .
While more than 37 million people are living under the poverty line , our country has some favorable programs in place that help address this condition ; these programs provide housing , Medicaid , and food stamps .
The situation elsewhere may not be as favorable .
Businesses Must Grow .
Let ’s Get Rid Of The Weeds .
“ To help retain their current sources of business , entrepreneurs will place a heightened focus on better servicing customers to set their business apart from competitors ” , according to the American Express Small Business Monitor .
This is good news , very good news for us consumers ; does it mean an end to the boring “ hold the line while a customer representative becomes available ” ?
Maybe not , but the crisis brings with it a silver lining .
It weeds out non-competitive companies and rewards the efficient ones .
The article also mentions that three quarters of business owners plan on growing their business ; and that ’s in the middle of an economic crisis .
Growing businesses also means more jobs will become available .
Is The U.S. Economy Growing ?
The economy as a whole grew almost 3 % in the second quarter of 2008 , a remarkable number considering all the turmoil .
Granted , the second half of the year will not show such rosy numbers .
But remember that our industries are exporting more than ever , thanks to the dollar ’s lower value .
Most companies are experiencing lower profits , say the economists .
Think about it for a moment and view it as the glass being half full — they ’ve got profits !
This means that they ’re in reasonable shape , since they are not losing money .
How Low Will We Go ?
When the stock market drops precipitously , as it has recently , millions of investors lose ( paper ) money .
The rich ones wo n’t really suffer , but the average 401k will ( temporarily ) , as well as the portion of pension plans invested in the market .
But as fast as the stock market drops , it can also shoot back up , albeit less hurriedly .
Can you believe that the Dow Jones used to be under 10,000 not long ago , 8,300 to be exact in February 1998 ?
Well , though we ’re now hovering close to that number , who wants to wager that the market will recoup at least some of its losses before the end of the year , as soon as our lazy politicians get to work in Washington ?
Hey , We Are Still Number 1
We are still the largest producers of food in the world .
The prices of homes continue to drop , and that ’s actually good , in my opinion .
It means that the ridiculous bubble that prevented millions from buying homes is now over .
Export of goods and services increased a phenomenal 12.3 % * in the second quarter .
Imports decreased more than 7 % * for the same period , which is good for our national deficit .
The GNP , a measure of what is actually produced in our country excluding exports , rose 2.1 % * in the second quarter .
Is that a sign of a fundamentally flawed economy ?
* Data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis ( a government institution ) .
Yes , we have economic and financial problems , but I strongly believe that the extraordinary might and resilience of this country will , once again , prevail .
Copyright © 2008 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
They are secret .
They are kinetic .
They are made of rubberized rocket fuel .
And they fire up destroying absolutely everything they come across , bouncing through bunkers , filling buildings with extremely hot flames , obliterating everyone and anything inside with fierce heat .
The Pentagon officially calls them " kinetic fireball incendiaries " .
Other people call them kinetic rocket fire balls , and the way they work make them absolutely terrifying weapons .
The difference between these fireballs and other high - temperature incendiary weapons like the CrashPAD or the Shredder - two modified bombs designed to eliminate Weapons of Mass Destruction - is that these do n't do a good job on keeping hazardous substances under control .
Once the bomb - made of explosive and incendiary material - hits the target , there 's always an ejection of material to the atmosphere , which could be dangerous for the population or the troops .
The kinetic rocket fire balls , however , do n't explode .
Once they hit their target - delivered by a modified bomb - and ignite , they just bounce randomly finding their way across every part of the structure .
In the process , they emit an extremely high temperature flame , vaporizing everything around them at 1,000 ºF .
This behavior , bouncing everywhere and reaching every place , makes them extremely effective at destroying any kind of substance or contents in the structure .
In fact , these Weapons of Bouncy Destruction can be used against both chemical or bacteriological facilities , as well as nuclear facilities , without breaking the buildings and spreading radioactivity .
For now , they are " secret " and have never been used in real action - or so they said - but they have been tested successfully in underground bunkers and may be already under limited production .
And yes , you can cue in the Jerry Lee Lewis .
Now . [ Danger Room ]
Australia Supermodel Elle Mcpherson , 44 , was seen recently surfing the waves while vacationing in Australia .
The gorgeous model and mother of two stunned onlookers as she rode the waves and according to sources , she has mastered the art of surfing .
Elle Mcpherson Trivia
Was quoted in an Australian magazine ( Sydney Morning Herald ’s Good Weekend magazine ) as saying that she did not like reading things that she had not written .
One of the models who own the Fashion Cafe in New York City , along with Claudia Schiffer and Naomi Campbell .
She was “ discovered ” at the age of eighteen while vacationing in Aspen , Colorado , and was promptly signed to the Click modeling agency .
Elle claims she put on over 20 pounds in weight so that she would have a figure more in the tradition of a model of the day , for the film Sirens ( 1994 )
Home was robbed .
Money and photographs were stolen .
Ransom was held for photographs .
Elle and husband worked with FBI and they caught the thieves .
One of the thieves claimed that he was the father of Elle ’s baby .
One of People Magazine ’s “ 50 Most Beautiful People ” in 1995 .
Has own line of lingerie in Australia , planning on extending it to US ( May 2002 )
Checked into the Meadows Clinic in Arizona , which offers treatment for psychological conditions and addictions .
She is suffering from postnatal depression after the birth of her second child in February .
[ October 2003 ]
One of the world ’s top fashion models .
As a teenager , she ran a mile in 4 minutes , 24 seconds .
Has split with French financier Arpad Busson [ June 2005 ] .
Was ranked # 7 in Channel 5 ’s “ World ’s greatest supermodel ” .
Speaks French fluently .
She can also communicate in Spanish and Italian .
Ranked # 35 in the 2011 FHM Australia list of “ 100 Sexiest Women in the World ” .
Made the cover of “ Sports Illustrated ” magazine ( swimsuit issues ) a record 5 times ( Feb. 1986 , Feb . 1987 , Feb. 1988 , Feb. 1994 , Feb. 2006 ) .
Ranked # 80 on Men ’s Health 100 Hottest Women of all Time ( 2011 ) .
Was in a relationship with Arpad Busson from 1996 to 2005 and they also were engaged since 2002 and before their split .
They have 2 sons together – Arpad Flynn Alexander Busson ( b. February 14 , 1998 ) and Aurelius Cy Andrea Busson ( b. February 4 , 2003 ) .
Gave birth to her 1st child at age 33 , a son Arpad Flynn Alexander Busson on February 14 , 1998 .
Child ’s father is her boyfriend ( now ex- fiancé ) , Arpad Busson .
Gave birth to her 2nd child at age 38 , a son Aurelius Cy Andrea Busson on February 4 , 2003 .
Child ’s father is her now ex-fiancé , Arpad Busson .
Married for the 2nd time her boyfriend of 4 years Jeffrey Soffer following a 3 - month - long engagement .
[ July 2013 ]
Appeared in an infomercial , hosted by Daisy Fuentes and Mari Winsor , for Mari ’s “ Winsor Pilates ” fitness system . [ 2006 ]
Married her boyfriend of 4 years Jeffrey Soffer following a 3 - month - long engagement .
This is her second marriage .
[ July 2013 ]
( June 13 , 2017 ) Has separated from her husband of nearly 4 years Jeffrey Soffer .
Friends with Jessica Simpson .
She has size 12 feet .
She even displayed her large feet for comic effect in a skit of a really bad blind date on “ Saturday Night Live ” co-starring with Jim Breuer .
Related Articles :
Barack Obama is likely to become the next president of the United States .
Six weeks ago John McCain was leading Mr. Obama .
But according to RealClearPolitics , as of yesterday Mr. Obama led in the national polls by just under 8 % and in the Electoral College by 306 to 157 ( a majority is 270 ) .
Throughout his campaign Mr. Obama has successfully presented himself as a careful and sensible person and was recently endorsed by Christopher Buckley , son of the late William F. Buckley , as having a " first - class temperament and a first - class ...
New - cycle sunspot group 1007 emerges on Halloween and marches across the face of the sun over a four - day period in early November 2008 .
Credit : the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory ( SOHO ) .
After two - plus years of few sunspots , even fewer solar flares , and a generally eerie calm , the sun is finally showing signs of life .
" I think solar minimum is behind us , " says sunspot forecaster David Hathaway of the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center .
His statement is prompted by an October flurry of sunspots .
" Last month we counted five sunspot groups , " he says .
That may not sound like much , but in a year with record - low numbers of sunspots and long stretches of utter spotlessness , five is significant .
" This represents a real increase in solar activity . "
Even more significant is the fact that four of the five sunspot groups belonged to Solar Cycle 24 , the long - awaited next installment of the sun 's 11 - year solar cycle .
" October was the first time we 've seen sunspots from new Solar Cycle 24 outnumbering spots from old Solar Cycle 23 .
It 's a good sign that the new cycle is taking off . "
Old Solar Cycle 23 peaked in 2000 and has since decayed to low levels .
Meanwhile , new Solar Cycle 24 has struggled to get started .
2008 is a year of overlap with both cycles weakly active at the same time .
From January to September , the sun produced a total of 22 sunspot groups ; 82 % of them belonged to old Cycle 23 .
October added five more ; but this time 80 % belonged to Cycle 24 .
The tables have turned .
At first glance , old - and new - cycle sunspots look the same , but they are not .
To tell the difference , solar physicists check two things : a sunspot 's heliographic latitude and its magnetic polarity .
( 1 ) New - cycle sunspots always appear at high latitude , while old - cycle spots cluster around the sun 's equator .
( 2 ) The magnetic polarity of new - cycle spots is reversed compared to old - cycle spots .
Four of October 's five sunspot groups satisfied these two criteria for membership in Solar Cycle 24 .
The biggest of the new - cycle spots emerged at the end of the month on Halloween .
Numbered 1007 , or " double - oh seven " for short , the sunspot had two dark cores each wider than Earth connected by active magnetic filaments thousands of kilometers long .
Amateur astronomer Alan Friedman took this picture from his backyard observatory in Buffalo , New York :
On Nov. 3rd and again on Nov. 4th , double - oh seven unleashed a series of B - class solar flares .
Although B - flares are considered minor , the explosions made themselves felt on Earth .
X - rays bathed the dayside of our planet and sent waves of ionization rippling through the atmosphere over Europe .
Hams monitoring VLF radio beacons noticed strange " fades " and " surges " caused by the sudden ionospheric disturbances .
Hathaway tamps down the excitement : " We 're still years away from solar maximum and , in the meantime , the sun is going to have some more quiet stretches . "
Even with its flurry of sunspots , the October sun was mostly blank , with zero sunspots on 20 of the month 's 31 days .
But it 's a start .
Stay tuned for solar activity .
Source : Science@NASA , by Dr. Tony Phillips
Explore further
How scientists around the world track the solar cycle
Description : Emma gets home and slips into something more comfortable ... her thong .
Views : 268626 Date : 10/23/08 Favorited : 10
To Provide feedback or comment click on
‘ Share Content to enhance the value ‘
Share Content
A lot of people says that it takes time to establish a business , i.e. , iteratively earn from business a certain amount .
The company needs attention , caring and fixed time .
The extra time is devoted to followup new prospective clients .
A sustained content creation activity is done to attract readers to like , comment , provide feedback or ask questions .
Promptly , answers given to readers queries .
The business includes the process of content creation as part of their marketing and reputation building activity .
The various format of content prepared includes text , image , and videos .
The rich media content attracts clients by helping them in resolving their issues or queries .
Often the content is prepared on services , products or programs offered by a business , i.e. , from a selected niche .
Companies disseminate latest industry news , new innovative ideas , changes in policies , prices or availability of services or products regularly on Facebook , Twitter , Tumblr , Linkedin , and Mix .
There are companies spending thousands of dollars on content creation and dissemination to thrive their business .
They are trying to create value from customer demands and needs , market research , more profound knowledge of their viable customers and buying patterns .
The companies keep experimenting on their products , services or programs , based on their research .
In a consumer - centric market companies work on their customer 's delight who in return give testimonials and talk about the company to their friends .
Increase Loyal Readers
The customers feel happy to tell others about products or services or program of a company by adding gratuity .
The growth of the loyal fanbase is the smartest investment for the finances of the business .
When a company has audiences who genuinely cares , then it becomes easy to sell anything genuinely worthwhile to customers .
The customer 's trust , believe and consider recommendations .
Hence , the business must be consistent with creating authentic and relevant content .
VATICAN CITY  Catholic and Muslim leaders worked on Thursday to deflate suspicion between their two faiths , pledging at a high - level seminar here to work together to condemn terrorism , protect religious freedom and fight poverty .
The meeting came a year after 138 Muslim leaders wrote a letter to Pope Benedict XVI after he offended many Muslims by quoting a Byzantine emperor who called some teachings of the Prophet Muhammad “ evil and inhuman . ”
In turn , top Vatican officials have worried about freedom of worship in majority - Muslim countries , as well as immigration that is turning Europe , which they define as a Christian continent , increasingly Muslim .
But on Thursday both sides said they hoped that the seminar would open a new and much - improved chapter in Catholic - Muslim relations , as the two groups said they might establish a committee that could ease tensions in any future crisis between the two religions .
“ Let us resolve to overcome past prejudices and to correct the often distorted images of the other , which even today can create difficulties in our relations , ” Benedict told the Muslim delegation .
He called the gathering “ a clear sign of our mutual esteem and our desire to listen respectfully to one another . ”
The Internet may have created a largely color - blind world wide web that connects users with just about any information they could ever want .
But Ed Young , CEO of 40A , Inc. believes that his company can make the Internet better for the African - American community with Blackbird , a new Mozilla - based browser .
We took a look at Blackbird and spoke with Young about the motivation behind introducing a tailored browser .
Fundamentally , Blackbird is a customized version of Firefox 3 for Windows XP and Vista .
It includes a dark black theme , a variety of tweaked tools that search African American resources , news , and video sites , social bookmarking and networking tools , webmail integration , and a charity content channel called " Do Good " that connects users with African American - focused organizations .
This channel features news and directories of African American services and charities that make it easy for users to get informed and get active .
Blackbird 's default UI at startup , complete with news
ticker and extra toolbar for custom features
Besides the theme , though , the only two noticeable changes from a default Firefox 3 install are just a ticker at the top that streams information from African - American news resources , and a toolbar below Firefox 's bookmarks bar with buttons for most of the aforementioned features .
The idea behind Blackbird , Young told Ars , is " to broaden the Internet experience for African Americans .
We want to offer a tool that makes it easier for this community to find resources that are geared more towards them . "
After soft launching ( with no official marketing ) as a beta Sunday night , Blackbird has already received a tremendous amount of interest — and mixed reactions .
Young said that some early feedback has viewed Blackbird as almost a racist or exclusionary product .
As an African American himself , though , Young explained that " it is n't about exclusion , but rather inclusion . "
For the most part , Blackbird works like Firefox 3 and most other browsers , and Young says that everyone is invited to use it .
But when using Blackbird 's built - in search box , results will skew towards African - American news sources and blogs , again , in an effort to highlight those resources for the community .
A search for " Barack Obama " in Safari 's search box , for example , will bring results like BarackObama.com , Wikipedia , and Chicago Tribune .
But the same query in Blackbird 's box will return results from AOL Black Voices and blogs .bet.com .
Blackbird 's " Do Good " channel , video sidebar , and webmail integration enabled
Indeed , Blackbird 's concept of a browser tailored towards a community is nothing new .
The Flock " social browser " ( which we 're fans of ) offers some appealing integration with social networking and webmail services , and even built - in tools for blogging and photo sharing .
A spinoff of Flock , called Gloss , also offers similar custom tools and Blackbird - like content customizations for women .
" We call it an ' identity browser , ' " Young explained .
" I could make a browser for the lovers of WarCraft .
Would that be exclusionary of other people ?
No , I would just be bringing those people closer to the sites and resources that they are probably interested in . "
When asked why his company did n't simply produce a couple of add - ons for Firefox instead of an entire customized version , Young 's answers confirmed the obvious .
" Add -ons are n't nearly as exciting or powerful for what we want to do .
It would be a lot more difficult to tell the story , and it 's easier to get people to download one browser than a bunch of add - ons that they would have to customize and keep updated . "
Young also feels that , with Firefox at 21 percent of the browser market and African Americans making up 14 percent of the US population , a branded browser has a better chance of achieving visibility and playing the numbers game to reach its audience .
Since Blackbird is still so new , though , Young has n't even had a chance to check in on statistics like download numbers yet .
His company has already been flooded with interest and requests from organizations , though , such as The On It Foundation.org which helps corporations to donate their computers to low - income families .
It is n't clear yet whether Blackbird will catch on with its target audience , but the idea of a tailored , standards - based browser is definitely an interesting one .
Thanks to the flexibility of Firefox and its license , Young and his company are able to give the idea a shot .
Young would n't say much about what else his company has in store for Blackbird during its beta period , but he did confirm that a Mac version and " lots of interesting stuff " are on their way .
Reuters
The most significant event of 2009 will be the transformation of the Washington consensus that market principles trumped national boundaries .
The WTO , the IMF and the World Bank defended that system globally .
Periodic financial crises were interpreted not as warning signals of what could befall the industrial nations but as aberrations of the developing world to be remedied by domestic stringency — a policy which the advanced countries were not , in the event , prepared to apply to themselves .
The absence of restraint encouraged a speculation whose growing sophistication matched its mounting lack of transparency .
An unparalleled period of growth followed , but also the delusion that an economic system could sustain itself via debt indefinitely .
In reality , a country could live in such a profligate manner only so long as the rest of the world retained confidence in its economic prescriptions .
That period has now ended .
Any economic system , but especially a market economy , produces winners and losers .
If the gap between them becomes too great , the losers will organise themselves politically and seek to recast the existing system — within nations and between them .
This will be a major theme of 2009 .
America 's unique military and political power produced a comparable psychological distortion .
The sudden collapse of the Soviet Union tempted the United States to proclaim universal political goals in a world of seeming unipolarity — but objectives were defined by slogans rather than strategic feasibility .
Now that the clay feet of the economic system have been exposed , the gap between a global system for economics and the global political system based on the state must be addressed as a dominant task in 2009 .
The economy must be put on a sound footing , entitlement programmes reviewed and the national dependence on debt overcome .
Hopefully , in the process , past lessons of excessive state control will not be forgotten .
The debate will be over priorities , transcending the longstanding debate between idealism and realism .
Economic constraints will oblige America to define its global objectives in terms of a mature concept of the national interest .
Of course , a country that has always prided itself on its exceptionalism will not abandon the moral convictions by which it defined its greatness .
But America needs to learn to discipline itself into a strategy of gradualism that seeks greatness in the accumulation of the attainable .
By the same token , our allies must be prepared to face the necessary rather than confining foreign policy to so - called soft power .
Every major country will be driven by the constraints of the fiscal crisis to re-examine its relationship to America .
All — and especially those holding American debt — will be assessing the decisions that brought them to this point .
As America narrows its horizons , what is a plausible security system and aimed at what threats ?
What is the future of capitalism ?
How , in such circumstances , does the world deal with global challenges , such as nuclear proliferation or climate change ?
America will have to learn that world order depends on a structure that participants support because they helped bring it about
America will remain the most powerful country , but will not retain the position of self - proclaimed tutor .
As it learns the limits of hegemony , it should define implementing consultation beyond largely American conceptions .
The G8 will need a new role to embrace China , India , Brazil and perhaps South Africa .
The immediate challenge
In Iraq , if the surge strategy holds , there must be a diplomatic conference in 2009 to establish principles of non-intervention and define the country 's international responsibilities .
The dilatory diplomacy towards Iran must be brought to a focus .
The time available to forestall an Iranian nuclear programme is shrinking and American involvement is essential in defining what we and our allies are prepared to seek and concede and , above all , the penalty to invoke if negotiations reach a stalemate .
Failing that , we will have opted to live in a world of an accelerating nuclear arms race and altered parameters of security .
In 2009 the realities of Afghanistan will impose themselves .
No outside power has ever prevailed by establishing central rule , as Britain learnt in the 19th century and the Soviet Union in the 20th .
The collection of nearly autonomous provinces which define Afghanistan coalesce in opposition to outside attempts to impose central rule .
Decentralisation of the current effort is essential .
All this requires a new dialogue between America and the rest of the world .
Other countries , while asserting their growing roles , are likely to conclude that a less powerful America still remains indispensable .
America will have to learn that world order depends on a structure that participants support because they helped bring it about .
If progress is made on these enterprises , 2009 will mark the beginning of a new world order .
Obama Campaign Donates Campaign Office Leftovers to Schools Schools gain office computers , desks and campaign memorabilia .
Nov. 14 , 2008  --
The votes have been tabulated , the acceptance speech has been given -- the election is over .
So what happens to all the election offices across the United States that Barack Obama staffers have been working out of day and night for nearly two years ?
Left behind -- as sleep - deprived campaign workers vacate the buildings -- are computers , campaign signs , buttons , file cabinets -- all remnants of a campaign done and won .
So what 's a campaign to do with all this ... stuff ?
The Obama campaign , well before the election was over , started putting a plan in place for all its leftovers -- one that the Obama campaign says is in alignment with a priority for President - elect Obama : education .
Working in conjunction with the nonprofit corporation , iloveschools.com , the campaign has donated items from 200 campaign offices across the country to school districts in 10 states .
" Tens of thousands of dollars of resources have been put into schools across the United States in less than four days , " said Valarie Swanson , marketing director for iloveschools.com .
" The Obama campaign was specific that they wanted all their resources to go to schools . "
Obama transition team spokeswoman Jen Psaki said that the campaign partnered with the organization to " donate extra supplies and equipment in a socially responsible way . "
The Obama campaign contacted Swanson 's organization a couple of weeks before the election was over , with one requirement -- that 100 percent of the leftover campaign goods from specified offices would be pumped into school districts .
Iloveschools.com found schools across the U.S. that would benefit from this donation based on geography and need .
" It was like Christmas in November , " Jean Schmalzried , director of federal programs for the Sto - Rox School District in Pennsylvania , said of getting a phone call the morning after the election by an Obama staffer .
" This has never happened before . "
Obama 's Pittsburgh campaign office donated to her school district at least five flatbed trucks of office supplies , including 12 Dell computers , multiple 17 - inch LCD monitors and three printers .
Much of the equipment was brand new , given to the schools unopened in boxes .
The computers ' files were deleted by the Obama campaign to pass along the machines in data - less condition .
Schmalzried said the district was also invited to clear out the office of everything -- and the schools took file cabinets , file folders , paper shredders , pens , clipboards , paper , paint and butterfly clips .
Much of the haul was bulk ordered by the Obama campaign and never used .
The Sto - Rox school district is in within a community stricken by poverty .
There are four housing projects nearby , and 78 percent of the students in the school district rely on federally - funded school lunches .
The donation has been about more than just simple utility to the students .
They are just as excited about the donor .
Old campaign signs have been a hit in the Pennsylvania school district 's high schools -- with teenagers lining up by the principal 's office to claim pieces of memorabilia that were donated along with the other supplies .
In the middle school library , a learning center has been set up with the donated computers .
Schmalzried said the area may be nicknamed " The Obama Room , " because the kids like to say they are working on Obama 's computers .
The John McCain campaign has also been charitable with campaign office supplies .
Because McCain took public financing in the general election , the FEC required the campaign to try to sell anything in the offices first before giving it away .
But after complying with that request , the campaign has given away unsold office furniture and supplies to several churches and schools located nearby .
ABC 's Bret Hovell contributed to this report
I , Anonymous You 're My Sister , and I Hate You
It was n't easy being raised by the parents we had , but they were affectionate , had good intentions , and tried their best .
YOU on the other hand , despite doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING with your life , feel you can sit in judgment of EVERYONE .
Let me tell you something :
You fucking suck and I hate your guts .
I can not stand to be in the same room with you .
Phone calls from you bore the shit out of me .
You have n't done anything interesting since you were a teenager , and now you are a half - dead vortex of misplaced rage and general assholeness .
You are too old to pull off this lack of evolution .
Fuck you and fuck your opinion about my life and my children .
Stay in your fucking house , complaining about how difficult your part - time work is .
Do n't change , grow , learn , or do anything if you do n't want to .
But for Christ 's sake , shut the fuck up .
It ’s a no-brainer : Capture the sunlight that pours down most days on Los Angeles rooftops and convert it to electricity .
If solar panels can generate enough power to run even a few of the air conditioners that Southern Californians use to weather our scorching late - summer days , it will be worthwhile .
The Department of Water and Power estimates that the city can do that and more -- it expects 400 megawatts from rooftop panels that pump energy right into the local distribution system without new transmission lines running across sensitive ecosystems .
The program could make L.A. the nation ’s leader in nonpolluting solar technology .
No arguments here .
But City
Hall has wrapped up solar energy into a no- brainer of another kind , with a measure the City Council rushed to the March 3 ballot promising to answer , on some later day , numerous questions about the cost and feasibility of the plan .
The inevitable result of the vote - now , ask - questions - later tactic is the queasy feeling that Los Angeles voters and ratepayers are about to be snookered .
David Zahniser ’s article in Friday ’s Times , on a study that claims the DWP can’t implement the plan and that predicts rate increases far in excess of those discussed on the council floor , is only the latest evidence of a bungled process .
The report by P.A. Consulting Group , as summarized in an e-mail to council President Eric Garcetti from the council ’s chief legislative analyst , Gerry Miller , calls the proposal “ extremely risky ” and “ extremely aggressive ” and questions whether there is even enough roof space to get the job done .
In defending the ballot measure , one advocate told this page that the report is out of date and was just one of many solicited by council members to make sure the proposal was workable and not just another Million Trees .
The reference to Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa ’s widely promoted but narrowly successful tree - planting effort is kind of funny .
What ’s not funny is that the solar program would be more expensive and have far longer - lasting implications .
Los Angeles should have an ambitious solar energy plan , and the DWP is right to pursue it , as are the council and the mayor .
But because of the slapdash and suspicious way the program has been rolled out , voters need to be on alert .
The city muffed a solar program a decade ago , and the resulting bad will delayed , until now , a serious second attempt .
Voters deserve to know whether they are being asked to sign on to a well - thought - out plan , or just another idea only half - baked by the L.A. sunshine .
Yesterday , well over a year since the initial raids , Alan Ellis the ex-admin of OiNK , appeared in crown court along with five users accused of uploading music via the now - defunct BitTorrent tracker .
Ellis appeared charged with conspiracy to defraud , while the others faced copyright charges .
In October 2007 , Operation Ark Royal achieved its aims .
OiNK , one of the biggest and probably the most prestigious tracker in the world , was shut down in a joint effort by British and Dutch law enforcement .
Site administrator Alan Ellis , 25 , was arrested immediately and eventually charged with conspiracy to defraud .
Five others , who were arrested months later , were accused of uploading music to others via the site .
They were charged with copyright infringement offenses .
Yesterday , all six appeared at Teesside Crown Court in the UK .
Ellis faced a charge of conspiracy to defraud , while the others – Steven Diprose , 21 , from Staines , London , James Garner , 19 , from Winsford , Cheshire , Michael Myers , 34 , of Brough in North Humberside , Mark Tugwell , 19 , from Caister near Great Yarmouth , Norfolk and Matthew Wyatt , 19 , a student in London but originally from Stamford , Lincolnshire – all faced charges of copyright infringement .
Ellis did not enter a plea , and his case has been adjourned until 23 March 2009 .
The five uploaders entered pleas , and their hearing will continue at a later stage .
All five uploaders were accused of making music albums available on OiNK , and according to insider information , at least four of them pleaded guilty .
CENTRAL bankers ordinarily strive to be boring .
But these are not ordinary times .
On December 16th the Federal Reserve unveiled a three - part assault on America 's slump that lit up the news wires like a pyrotechnic display .
The Fed 's policy panel , the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) , announced that it had cut its target for the federal funds rate to between zero and 0.25 % , the lowest on record ; it indicated it would stay there “ for some time ” ; and having used up its conventional monetary firepower , it promised an unconventional strategy , such as the buying of mortgage - related securities and , possibly , Treasuries to lower long - term borrowing costs .
There was in fact less novelty than first met the eye .
The actual funds rate , which is charged on excess reserves banks lend to each other overnight , had already fallen to below 0.2 % ( see chart ) , well below target , in part because the banking system is awash with unneeded reserves .
( The FOMC is now aiming at a range rather than a level because of the difficulty of hitting the latter . )
The Fed had already announced plans to buy up to $ 100 billion of debt directly issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the now - nationalised mortgage agencies , and $ 500 billion of their mortgage - backed securities ( MBSs ) .
Ben Bernanke , the Fed 's chairman , had said Treasury purchases were under consideration .
But drowning out the specifics was the thundering tone of the Fed 's long statement .
“ The Federal Reserve will employ all available tools to promote the resumption of sustainable economic growth and to preserve price stability , ” it said .
Unconventional monetary policy is often called “ quantitative easing ” because its effect is felt through the quantity rather than the cost of credit .
Through an array of lending programmes , the Fed 's balance - sheet has soared from below $ 900 billion to more than $ 2 trillion , and is about to grow further .
Will these tactics work ?
In an exhaustive study of unconventional monetary - policy options in 2000 , five Fed staff economists concluded , “ These tools have their limitations , and there is considerable uncertainty regarding their likely effectiveness . ”
The impact of the Fed 's actions to date even on short - term interbank rates is inconclusive ; its ability to influence much larger , globally integrated bond markets is even less certain .
Still , Vincent Reinhart , who studied such policy options while at the Fed and is now at the American Enterprise Institute , a think - tank , believes they will work if they are big enough .
“ There is some size of the central bank 's balance - sheet that will restart financial markets . ”
The Fed seems to believe its actions matter more for psychology than in influencing the supply of and demand for long - term debt .
A senior official says the Fed is not explicitly attempting to lower long - term rates ; instead it wants to narrow the unusually wide spread between yields on MBSs and Treasuries .
By reassuring investors that a committed buyer is in the market , it hopes to reduce the illiquidity premium pushing yields up .
Psychology does seem to matter .
The Fed has not yet bought any MBSs , but their yields have dropped from 5.45 % to 3.9 % since it proposed doing so .
One - quarter of a percentage point of that came after this week 's announcement .
If this is sustained , the conventional 30 - year mortgage rate should fall to around 5 % , says Nicholas Strand of Barclays Capital , from over 6.5 % in early November .
Still , over two - thirds of the drop in MBS yields resulted from falls in Treasury yields .
Even though the Treasury now explicitly supports Fannie and Freddie , MBS spreads remain wide , owing in part to reduced buying by the companies themselves and by foreign investors , Mr Strand says .
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
Amid falling consumer spending and soaring unemployment there are some hints that policymakers ' actions are making a difference .
Home sales are stable and the drop in mortgage rates should help them .
A bottom in housing is probably necessary to start the healing process elsewhere in the economy .
Share prices have risen since late November .
The Fed 's gung - ho leadership may also nudge other central banks towards easing more aggressively .
The dollar fell sharply , particularly against the euro , after the Fed 's action .
That may weaken the European Central Bank 's reservations about cutting rates again .
Similarly , if the weaker dollar takes pressure off sterling , the Bank of England may be more willing to ease again .
The dollar 's drop may also reflect some fear that the Fed will be slow to reverse course , leading to inflation .
That , however , is a worry for another day .
Falling petrol prices triggered the largest monthly drop in American consumer prices on record in November .
With unemployment likely to increase further , the immediate concern is that inflation could fall too low .
When a flow reaches a certain speed , things get turbulent :
The fluid or the gas no longer flows in an orderly fashion but whirls around wildly .
However , in contrast to what researchers assumed until now , this state is not permanent .
Scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self - Organization in Göttingen , Germany , and the Technical University in Delft , Netherlands , have shown that in pipe flows , all turbulence will disappear with time .
The new measurements are significantly more precise than all previous experiments and computer simulations concerned with this question .
( Physical Review Letters , November 21st 2008 )
Turbulent flows in pipes are of importance for many every - day applications .
What they all have in common is their appearance :
They travel down the pipe bubbling and gurgling like a mountain stream .
The flow only calms down when its speed is reduced .
Scientists call this calmer state laminar .
Crucial for the difference between laminar and turbulent flow are the inner forces that link the water molecule to each other .
Only if the influence of these inner forces is smaller than the influence of the forces that accelerate the flow can turbulence appear .
Until now , scientists assumed that a turbulent flow travelling with a constant speed will always remain turbulent .
However , scientists from Göttingen and Delft have now found evidence that points to the contrary .
" Our measurements show that every turbulent flow in a pipe will inevitably become laminar " , says Dr. Björn Hof from the Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self - Organization .
Depending on the exact geometry of the pipe this transition may take many years .
But just like a ball inside a hollow , that always rolls back into the equilibrium position , only the laminar flow is stable .
For their measurements the scientists let water flow through glass pipes of up to 14 meters length and only a few millimetres in diameter .
With the help of a short water pulse from the side they created a turbulent eddy in the otherwise perfectly laminar flow .
They then monitored closely , how this eddy changed as it travelled down the pipe .
From the probability with which it reached the end of the pipe they could derive the basic principles that govern turbulence .
" In order to discern whether turbulence is stable or only has an extremely long lifetime , our measurements had to be very exact " , says Hof .
For example , it was crucial to keep the temperature of the water absolutely constant during the experiment .
The measuring accuracy which the scientists achieved in this way exceeded all previous experiments .
Even computer simulations cannot provide such precise data .
It is still unclear whether the new results also hold true for flows outside of pipes .
But even now the results could help in ending turbulence in pipes in a controlled way .
" Turbulent flow consumes more energy than do laminar ones .
In many applications such as oil pipelines they are therefore bothersome " , explains Hof .
Since the flows aspire to turn laminar on their own , it could be possible to shorten the long lifetime of the turbulence with the help of a small perturbation .
This could help save energy .
Source : Max - Planck - Gesellschaft
A turbulent eddy flowing through a thin glass pipe .
The flow is laminar in front of and behind the eddy .
( Photo Credit : Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self - Organization )
A Texas teacher named Victoria Ann Chacon is under arrest , accused of sending topless photos of herself to a 14 - year - old boy .
Chacon , 27 , was a math teacher at Somerset Junior High in San Antonio .
She also taught Sunday School at a church in the area , which is where investigators believe she had been meeting the boy .
Police say the boy ’s parents discovered at least two topless photos of Victoria Ann Chacon on their son ’s cell phone — which , court documents indicate , Chacon actually owned .
The parents also report finding “ love letters ” from Chacon , which they say “ professe[d ] her love for the teen about how passionate he is , and about how she feels when she and the teen kiss each other . ”
Victoria Ann Chacon was placed on administrative leave immediately and has since resigned from her teaching position with the school district .
The boy is not believed to have been one of Chacon ’s students ; the district says he was not registered at any of its schools .
ALSO HOT RIGHT NOW :
School Aide Found to Have Porn Star Past
Comex Gold and Silver Markets Hurtling Towards Default
The COMEX gold & silver markets are each hurtling down a dangerous path toward default .
The artificial paper price has created enormous physical demand , and hampered supply production , if not delivery .
The gap between the JPMorgan - led corrupted phony paper price and the legitimate physical price in actual trading markets has grown sharply , enough to force a breakdown like in any distorted market .
When December contracts in gold & silver are demanded to be satisfied via delivery of the metal , it will be clear that the COMEX is running a scam .
A default is highly likely .
Of course , they can continue to deny contract holders the right to benefit from delivery , as they have been doing for months to ‘ Non- Economic Customers ' but soon the ‘ Commercial Customers ' will be defrauded .
Arrests are warranted .
We will see how this corruption unfolds .
The US Fed cut the official interest rate again by 50 basis points , now to 1.0 % on the Fed Funds target , in utter desperation .
Other central banks did not join in rate cut exercises .
The Euro Central Bank is expected to cut next week , reluctantly .
So is the beleaguered Bank of England .
The pressure is building on gold demand .
Now with the official US price inflation at CPI = 5 % or so , the real rate of money cost is minus 4 % .
The actual price inflation runs more like 10 % to 12 % , making the real cost of money more like minus 9 % to minus 11 % .
GOLD RESPONDS TO NEGATIVE REAL RATES VERY FAVORABLY .
GALLOPING RECESSION TO FORCE MORE INFLATION
If you think the bank crisis is bad now , wait until the US Economic recession achieves galloping speed downhill .
The stagflation will eclipse that seen in the late 1970 decade .
Today the economic growth in the GDP was posted for 3Q2008 at minus 0.25 % , even with a hefty 5.4 % PCE ( personal consumption expenditures ) .
This is another fairy tale told .
The US consumer activity cut the GDP back by 2.25 % , while the government activity added to the GDP by 1.15 % in retrograde style .
So the US Dollar has rallied amidst economic decay , doing its death dance .
Bear in mind that the stated admitted price inflation for Q2 was only 1.5 % in that GDP corrupt calculation , which avoided a negative GDP for 2Q2008 .
They called inflation growth , the usual corrupted modus operandi .
The second quarter was when prices skyrocketed for everything under the sun , if memory serves properly .
Clearly , the wizards in the USGovt stat - rat offices , employing advanced techniques , moved some price inflation from Q2 into Q3 , so that a recession would not be admitted all summer long .
With the US Fed rate cut to 1.0 % again , they are admitting the recession .
The Shadow Govt Statistics folks pitch in a comment to provide light upon corrupted data .
“ Narrower Than Expected GDP Contraction Is Nonsense .
The difference between the reported 0.3 % annualized Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) and the consensus expectation of a 0.5 % contraction is no more than statistical noise , yet the reported result most certainly was manufactured so as to allow the hypesters on Wall Street and in Washington to spin their fairy tales of a ‘ less - severe recession ' in order to help draw the gullible back into stocks , at least for a day or two before next week 's election .
This follows earlier economic scare tactics aimed at the public to help sell the ‘ Bailout ' package …
With a 95 % confidence interval of 3 % around this morning 's estimate of an annualized 0.25 % contraction in real ( inflation adjusted ) , annualized quarterly third - quarter GDP growth , the number was not even statistically indistinguishable from growth or contraction in the 3 % range .
A quarterly contraction in excess of 2 % would have been more realistic …
U.S. Economy is in a severe recession .
With real retail sales , housing , non -farm payrolls , new orders for durable goods , and industrial production all showing quarterly and annual growth patterns never seen outside of a recession still in deterioration , GDP reporting eventually should show a string of quarterly contractions , with the recession dating back to fourth - quarter 2006 , long before the exacerbation of the current systemic solvency crisis . ”
A simple statement is required to close the preface .
The financial market crises , in numerous arenas , have come in large part because the banking authorities have intentionally provided rescues only for New York investment banks and other big financial firms .
Up to a month ago , the US Fed had sterilized most injections into the Wall Street centers of the banking system by denying the mainstream bank system via liquidity drains .
Drain the national system where households work and live , and provide subsidies for the financial crime syndicate .
This is a betrayal of government to the people .
Elite gain came at mainstream expense .
Attention has gained on the misuse , false promises , and other misdirection of USGovt funds even in the bailout packages .
The big banks are ordered not to lend , but to acquire smaller banks .
Until the global interest rate cut was announced , the US Fed had not created much new money , despite the numerous rate cuts on the US side .
The policy was unconventional and deliberate , with a two - fold purpose to aid Wall Street and to keep a lid on the gold price .
Their bad policy , emphasis upon rescue and redemption for criminal fraud , neglect of the private sector , have left the US Economy vulnerable to an extreme breakdown .
A GRAND REFLATION WILL SOON BE ATTEMPTED , TIMED OBVIOUSLY AFTER THE ELECTION .
The effect will be much like blowing up a dam holding back a lake , where downstream the price inflation will be broad , deep , and powerful .
That day comes soon , and if not , then the entire US financial system will go dark .
That cannot be permitted , since the aristocrats need the serfs in the public fields to work , so as to be exploited for gain .
COMMENT ON USDOLLAR PARADOX
As a preface , much response came from last week 's article about the “ US Dollar Death Dance ” from both the public and analyst community .
No hint of investment in the US Economy is coincident with the paradoxical US $ rise .
In “ Plumbing the Depths of Depravity ” posted of October 29 ( CLICK HERE ) , the intrepid expert forensic financial analyst Rob Kirby , and erstwhile bond trader , confirmed my view of a twisted engineered perverse US Dollar rally .
He echoes one of my major points delineated , that settlement of credit derivatives , like with the credit default swaps from failed insured asset backed bonds , has produced a demand for US Dollars in contract settlement payout's .
His website ( http://www.kirbyanalytics.com ) contains a treasure trove of information that reads like criminal indictments , but without the hundreds of obscurely written pages and weird words .
In the cited article , Kirby wrote : “ What folks need to understand is that the global OTC derivatives market , measured in tens or hundreds of Trillions , is virtually all US Dollar denominated .
Its SYSTEMIC failure , which is now occurring , requires US Dollar balances to clear ( settle ) the trades ( bets ) .
This has created the paradoxical global demand for US Dollars , the currency of a country that is fundamentally bankrupt .
By rationing credit to hedge funds that were naturally levered and ‘ long commodities ' ( institutions like JP Morgan routinely took the other sides of their customers commodities bets , ruining institutions like natural gas player Amaranth ) , and propping up the balance sheets of those who were short commodities [ such as ] the Banks .
The Federal Reserve led cabal of Central Bankers have ENGINEERED the collapse in commodities prices while creating the illusion ( of a perverse US Dollar rally ) .
The engineered collapse of the commodities complex became necessary in the eyes of monetary elites because the rush for tangibles and corresponding repudiation of fiat money was becoming manic , as so CLEARLY evidenced by the emerging shortages of precious metals , gold and silver bullion . ”
My rejoinder is that the crude oil price , and many commodity prices , have come down right before the election , just like in autumn 2006 , a perception we share .
Kirby went on to conclude that “ We are CLEARLY going to HYPERINFLATE !!!! ”
He steadfastly contradicts shallow assertions that deflation will dominate the scene .
Anyone observing the money supply acceleration in recent weeks can easily see this , yet deflationists seem unable to observe the human response in desperation .
We two have frequent debates between ourselves , whether USTreasury Bond default will occur or else a big Reflation Episode .
It is possible both will occur .
These exchanges will contribute toward a key section in the upcoming November Hat Trick Letter on the weekend of November 9 .
A topic raging lately between us has been the failures to deliver USTreasurys .
This extraordinary phenomenon highlights the extreme mountain of toxic bond ( in ) securities spewed worldwide by the corrupted US financial sector , but it also highlights the questionable legitimacy of USTreasury Bonds .
One should remember that over $ 2000 billion in counterfeit USTreasury Bonds was probably buried under the World Trade Tower rubble one dark September day in 2001 .
The traded volume of USTBonds was recorded to be over $ 2 trillion above official issuance in USTBonds .
So maybe we are seeing a redux of counterfeit issuance of USTBonds in order to satisfy unprecedented demand .
By the way , USTreasury management is done , and accounting is done , almost like a money laundering operation , handled by JPMorgan .
The rise , burial , and revival of supply are all conducted under the convenient accounting rules permitted by national security agencies .
Could the failures to deliver USTreasurys , as shown in the alarming graphic below , be a precursor to actual default ?
We will see .
Kirby maintains a period of tremendous hyper-inflation is coming .
My forecast is for a possible USTreasury default , as conditions grow out of control , and economic disintegration catches the nation by surprise .
The collapse of General Motors could trigger a profound change in perception concerning the effective implementation of USGovt and Wall Street bailouts and rescues .
Either way , disruptions like never seen before are on the horizon .
The settlement failures bring into question the integrity of the USTreasurys as a legitimate market .
Their counterfeit from more supply than issuance is well documented , and rings like a loud echo to the naked stock shorting chapter of US financial markets .
VANISHING OPEN INTEREST IN C.O.T .
What conditions would precede a default in gold & silver COMEX futures contracts ?
Tough question .
These are unprecedented times .
Surely , a widening between physical price and paper price reads like bold billboard graffiti .
That invites a queer arbitrage , to buy in one location and sell in another , of course practiced only by the privileged insiders like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan .
One other characteristic of imminent default could be a vanishing act in the open interest ( OI ) seen in the Commitment of Traders for futures contracts .
The gold OI has reduced sharply since late spring when it ranged between 400 and 460 thousand , now to 319.5 k on 21 October 2008 .
The silver OI has reduced sharply since late spring when it ranged between 125 and 140 thousand , now to 95.8 k on 21 October 2008 .
The severe drop in open interest is highly unusual , not at all normal !
If these illicit paper markets , intended as devices for price discovery , when just devices for price suppression , are heading into default , then the movement among many players might be to exit the stage before the brown stuff hits the fan , and embarrassment is heaped upon trading firms .
JPMorgan might be isolated .
Also , and more importantly , if a default occurs , the settlement of existing contracts comes seriously into question .
The players might wish to exit the crime scene before major doubt distorts contract settlement .
Who would want to have hundreds of $ thousands tied up in a market with yellow police ‘ Crime Scene ' tape cordoning off the zone ?
By the way , the shrinkage in large commercial net short position usually means a big powerful upsurge in the gold price is coming , as in very soon .
They have little more to liquidate , and never liquidate all , since they delivery from production facilities .
BACK TO GOLD LEASE RATES
The gold lease rates have jumped significantly .
Lease rates have more than tripled in the last month alone !
They have not subsided .
The last time rates on the one - month lease were in this neighborhood was over a decade ago in another crisis .
It means that vault owners who control large quantities of gold are much less willing to permit other parties to borrow it , plain and simple .
The paper fraud center COMEX might not be able to acquire much needed gold from central bank vaults and other bullion bank vaults in order to satisfy delivery requirements .
Vault owners must expect higher gold prices to come .
Clearly , the gold market is experiencing shortage .
The lease market is an excellent forward indicator on physical price movement .
Silver lease rates have also tripled , just like gold , and not subsided either .
The lease game is thoroughly perverse .
One effect rarely noted is that short sellers within the futures contracts might be squeezed due to leasing challenges .
If they have a harder time to roll over contracts , by means of higher required posted margin or higher cost of leased gold , then they must cover .
A price rally ensues .
Steven Isenberg , chief executive officer of M Partners in Toronto pointed out that the cost of borrowing gold rose dramatically in March 2001 , when central banks were making less bullion available to speculators , mining companies , and jewelers .
Gold promptly rallied more than 12 % in the following two months .
He said , “ This [ the lease rate for gold ] usually precedes a sharp move in the gold price . ”
Ross Norman , director of TheBullionDesk.com , said the latest lease rate spike “ is indicative of perhaps an even tighter market still yet to come . ”
While gold miners and jewelry groups are the most frequent borrowers , central banks are the traditional lenders .
Fat Prophets offers an excellent interpretation on lease rates , given on October 12 .
“ Today 's commentary concerns the last carry trade left in the markets , i.e. gold .
Gold peaked at $ 1032 in March this year .
However , since then it has fallen steadily , trading as low as $ 734 .
While this fall has been in line with a rising USD dollar , it has also been orchestrated .
The current spike in gold lease rates indicates that demand for physical gold is extremely high and growing quickly .
We may well be witnessing the first seeds of the gold price breaking free from the short sellers and the end ( death ) of the gold carry trade , which so many bullion banks made such large profits on in the 1990s .
The lease rates ( available on TheBullionDesk .
com ) will be the key indicator to watch . ”
The margin requirements at COMEX have been increased .
Could this move be intended to hinder gold investors ?
Yep !
Is the move consistent with rising gold lease rates ?
Yep !
Will the devious maneuver halt a gold price response ?
Nope !
Margin collateral demands in a general sense have risen by 500 % in many hedge fund accounts .
The pressure extends to India , where withholding credit from major buyers has inhibited gold buying .
The trend is clear , as pressure by authorities has been to reduce leverage by force .
When liquidation is late , price reversal comes swiftly .
PEPTALKS , ANECDOTES & SHORTAGES
Two interviews have been cited in recent past articles .
They are so important , a repeat must be provided in case readers missed them .
In a rare event shedding light on the positive side of the gold market , CNBC interviewed Jurg Kiener , CEO of Swiss Asia Capital .
He points out the stark contrast of the two markets , paper gold versus physical gold .
Kiener expects soon the US ‘ gambling price ' gold market in COMEX and LME to eventually default after a titanic battle that began years ago has reached fever pitch .
By that he means a return suddenly to physical price determination will come for gold .
He concluded that when such an inevitable event occurs , THE GOLD PRICE WILL DOUBLE VERY QUICKLY , LIKE IN DAYS .
Watch the brief clip ( CLICK HERE ) .
John Embry of Sprott Asset Mgmt focuses on the extreme amount of nationalization and other bailout funding by the USGovt , as a prelude to a potential gold futures default .
He said to watch the December COMEX futures contract .
The old saying is that gold responds to the medicine applied , but not the prescription written .
Sadly , not much of any medicine has been administered to the public or the mainstream USEconomy yet .
Almost nothing has occurred yet for applied medicine on mortgage workouts , rewritten home loans , loan balance forgiveness , and ample new funds for new home loans that would truly assist the pain in the mainstream .
Instead , a sham of a voluntary bank program has resulted in little more than a ‘ Revolving Door ' that returns distressed homeowners to the foreclosure center .
Embry makes great points in his article “ Rescue Will Send Gold to Surreal Price Level ” ( CLICK HERE ) .
But notice the title has the future tense .
He implicitly agrees that the rescue for the system outside the banking sector has not begun , that the USDollar debasement is a process only just begun , although Pandora 's Box has been opened .
He says in the interview , “ … the US authorities will not hesitate to debase their currency in an attempt to salvage the financial system .
In the fullness of time , this will be wildly inflationary and should propel gold and silver prices that would be viewed by many in today 's context as surreal . ”
Gerald Celente of Trends Research Institute is a superstar .
He commented on how the USGovt bailouts will result in enormous upcoming supply of new money creation .
It is all funny phony money in my view , requiring protection from the imminent guaranteed runup in price inflation .
NEVER DOES A DEBT RELATED SOLUTION FIX A DEBT RELATED PROBLEM .
He regards the USGovt bailouts , rescues , and mergers to be a colossal failure of policy , which will not prevent a USEconomic depression .
The absence of realistic assistance to the American people who struggle with mortgages is what is missing in glaring manner .
He points to most bailouts giving subsidy aid to CEOs and preferred stock holders .
Gold will surpass the $ 1000 mark in the near term , but probably not until the liquidation engineered by the corrupt bank authorities has subsided .
His comments came immediately after an important global interest rate cut that involved numerous central banks , which joined the embattled US Federal Reserve .
Celente wrote : “ Beyond the $ 1 trillion subprime problem that has been erroneously targeted as the prime culprit behind the credit crisis are more serious financial catastrophes that are barely reported , mostly overlooked and cannot be remedied .
The Fed cannot print enough money to paper over the $ 531.2 trillion in derivatives and credit swaps , the trillions in the overbuilt commercial real estate market ready to collapse , the multi-trillions in leveraged buyouts going bust , and other exotic financial instruments that have turned toxic .
Yesterday 's lowering of interest rates and the continual Fed action to flood the markets with money will lead to an era of hyper- inflation , the likes of which no living American has ever seen .
Gold prices shot up some $ 24 after being down over $ 20 earlier in the day .
We continue to forecast gold $ 2000 .
And once again , we urge you to take precautionary measures in view of a worsening global market meltdown . ”
THE HAT TRICK LETTER PROFITS IN THE CURRENT CRISIS .
From subscribers and readers :
At least 30 recently on correct forecasts regarding the bailout parade , numerous nationalization deals such as for Fannie Mae and the grand Mortgage Rescue .
“ Your analysis is of outstanding quality , the best I have read .
In particular , as a person on the spot , I can confirm the accuracy of your bleak assessment of our prospects in the UK . ” ( JanB in England )
“ I just subscribed to your services and must say that your insights are so eye - opening that it is like having a window to the future .
I never thought that they would in so much detail encompassing the entire world .
With all that is going on , I still wonder how you are so in touch with it all . ” ( ChrisB in Australia )
“ The latest Hat Trick letter is great work .
I am still reading and absorbing , but this is just great analytical work .
Truly inspired .
I would say you produce a very sophisticated , detailed product that is the best of the bunch .
Truly .
You help keep me very focused on current events and help me keep my eyes on the distant horizon . ”
( RichardB in Texas )
“ Your unmatched ability to find and unmask a string of significant nuggets , and to wrap them into a meaningful mosaic of the treachery -*****- stupidity which comprise our current financial system , make yours the most informative and valuable of investment letters .
You have refined the ‘ bits - and - pieces ' approach into an awesome intellectual tool . ” - ( RobertN in Texas )
“ Your reports scare the hell out of me every month , probably more so over time , since so many of your predictions have turned out to be very accurate .
I am afraid you might be right that by the end of 2008 , we are in a pretty severe situation , with civil unrest and severe financial stress on Main Street . ” - ( GeorgeC in Minnesota )
by Jim Willie CB
Editor of the “ HAT TRICK LETTER ”
Home : Golden Jackass website
Subscribe : Hat Trick Letter
Use the above link to subscribe to the paid research reports , which include coverage of several smallcap companies positioned to rise during the ongoing panicky attempt to sustain an unsustainable system burdened by numerous imbalances aggravated by global village forces .
An historically unprecedented mess has been created by compromised central bankers and inept economic advisors , whose interference has irreversibly altered and damaged the world financial system , urgently pushed after the removed anchor of money to gold .
Analysis features Gold , Crude Oil , USDollar , Treasury bonds , and inter-market dynamics with the US Economy and US Federal Reserve monetary policy .
Jim Willie CB is a statistical analyst in marketing research and retail forecasting .
He holds a PhD in Statistics .
His career has stretched over 25 years .
He aspires to thrive in the financial editor world , unencumbered by the limitations of economic credentials .
Visit his free website to find articles from topflight authors at www.GoldenJackass.com .
For personal questions about subscriptions , contact him at JimWillieCB@aol.com
Jim Willie CB Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Miguel Garcia
01 Nov 08 , 11:53 Jim Willie - Integrity
Kudos to Mr Willie for having the guts / integrity to speak truth about the implicit collusion amongst the elitists , e.g. governtment and private , and tell investors what is going to happen in the end .
Fundamentals usually come through in the end , just like the pop of the real estate bubble created in large part by an elitist himself , Alan Greenspan , who kept interest rates below his own scam rate of inflation , erstwhile the United States trade and budgets were bankrupt .
Its a wonder Mr Willie is allowed to write his comments without retribution .
Lets pray for his safety .
Thank you Jim Wilie for keeping us focused .
Marc
16 Mar 10 , 20:01 Market manipulation
This article was written in 2008 , and COMEX gold / silver has not defaulted .
Bad prediction .... the price is market , until the dollar slides into the pooper can !!!
M. Jonhston
04 Jun 10 , 11:20
If anything , gold will continue to rise
If anything , gold wil continue to track higher , given all that 's going on in world economies .
This article lays out why the US and European bailouts make gold more attractive than ever : http://www.rickackerman.com/2010/05/europeans-will-find-gold-sooner-or-later/
Research done by scientists in Italy and Switzerland has shown that carbon nanotubes may be the ideal " smart " brain material .
Their results , published December 21 in the advance online edition of the journal Nature Nanotechnology , are a promising step forward in the search to find ways to " bypass " faulty brain wiring .
The research shows that carbon nanotubes , which , like neurons , are highly electrically conductive , form extremely tight contacts with neuronal cell membranes .
Unlike the metal electrodes that are currently used in research and clinical applications , the nanotubes can create shortcuts between the distal and proximal compartments of the neuron , resulting in enhanced neuronal excitability .
The study was conducted in the Laboratory of Neural Microcircuitry at EPFL in Switzerland and led by Michel Giugliano ( now an assistant professor at the University of Antwerp ) and University of Trieste professor Laura Ballerini .
" This result is extremely relevant for the emerging field of neuro - engineering and neuroprosthetics , " explains Giugliano , who hypothesizes that the nanotubes could be used as a new building block of novel " electrical bypass " systems for treating traumatic injury of the central nervous system .
Carbon nano - electrodes could also be used to replace metal parts in clinical applications such as deep brain stimulation for the treatment of Parkinson 's disease or severe depression .
And they show promise as a whole new class of " smart " materials for use in a wide range of potential neuroprosthetic applications .
Henry Markram , head of the Laboratory of Neural Microcircuitry and an author on the paper , adds : " There are three fundamental obstacles to developing reliable neuroprosthetics : 1 ) stable interfacing of electromechanical devices with neural tissue , 2 ) understanding how to stimulate the neural tissue , and 3 ) understanding what signals to record from the neurons in order for the device to make an automatic and appropriate decision to stimulate .
The new carbon nanotube - based interface technology discovered together with state of the art simulations of brain - machine interfaces is the key to developing all types of neuroprosthetics -- sight , sound , smell , motion , vetoing epileptic attacks , spinal bypasses , as well as repairing and even enhancing cognitive functions . "
Source : Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
The Taliban insurgency is widening its presence in Afghanistan and " closing a noose around Kabul , " an international think tank report says .
The report -- issued Monday by the International Council on Security and Development ( ICOS ) -- said the Taliban movement " now holds a permanent presence in 72 percent of Afghanistan , up from 54 percent a year ago . "
NATO , which commands about 50,000 troops in the country , disputes the figures .
Titled " Struggle for Kabul : The Taliban Advance , " the report said the international community must ramp up grass - roots economic and humanitarian relief to stop the Taliban , the group that once ruled Afghanistan and harbored the al Qaeda terror network when it attacked the United States in 2001 .
" It 's a very scary situation , " said Gabrielle Archer , ICOS manager of development policy .
" There 's been a dramatic increase in just one year . "
The report said the Taliban have expanded from the country 's southern region to the western and northwestern provinces and near Kabul , " where three out of the four main highways into Kabul are now compromised by Taliban activity . "
" Confident in their expansion beyond the rural south , the Taliban are at the gates of the capital and infiltrating the city at will , " according to the ICOS report .
Archer explained the report 's methodology , saying that " permanent presence " is established when there has been one more or insurgent attacks per week in a province .
NATO spokesman James Appathurai , speaking Monday in a BBC radio interview , argued the methodology was faulty .
He also said that while the state of affairs " is not exactly at a tipping point of success , " it 's not as bad as the report suggests .
But ICOS '
Archer says the evidence shows that the " Taliban are calling the shots , politically and militarily . "
The report says there has been " talk of reconciliation and power sharing " between moderate Taliban and elected officials nationally .
It says the Taliban have filled a governance void locally .
ICOS says military " intervention and intelligence " should continue to be supported , and it wants the number of troops under NATO command increased to 80,000 .
But military action alone is n't the answer , it said .
The report urges " closer collaboration between military and development efforts " and says job creation , health care , shelter , effective counter - narcotics policies , literacy , the rule of law , and a free media should also be viewed as " key security instruments . "
Archer also echoed the report 's assertion that even after seven years in the country , the international community has n't been able to make sure that every Afghan citizen has access to food and water and that there has been a " lack of effective aid and development " in the country .
ICOS said the Taliban use strong recruitment and propaganda efforts to make inroads among local Afghans -- many of whom are disappointed by the failure of the West to eliminate grinding poverty and angered by civilian casualties caused by Western airstrikes targeting insurgents .
" They can move at will and blend into the country at will , " Archer said , emphasizing that the many young , impoverished and jobless Afghans who are listening to the Taliban " are getting angrier and angrier and angrier . "
The report calls for alternatives to fighting the Afghan drug trade , which helps fund Islamic militants and has a long reach into Western cities .
It said that " forced poppy eradication and chemical spraying " to combat the production has served to aggravate " the security situation in Afghanistan , precluding the very reconstruction and development necessary to remove Afghan farmers ' need to cultivate poppy . "
It says the poppy crop should be used for medical purposes in an effort to bring " illegal poppy cultivation under control " and to address the lack of alternatives communities have to the income provided by opium farming .
" In this process , all economic profits from medicine sales remain in the rural community , allowing for economic diversification .
The ' fair trade ' brand of Afghan morphine generated by the scheme would also provide emerging and transitional economies with access to affordable essential painkilling medicines , " the report said .
President - elect Barack Obama has said Afghanistan is the central front in the war on terror and wants to deploy more troops to the country .
Archer said the report notes that the international community can't just wait for Obama to come up with a plan to deal with problems there ; it must act now .
" The longevity of a plan for Afghanistan should not be contingent upon the U.S. electoral cycle and it is wrong for any actor to simply wait for President - elect Obama 's Afghan plan , " ICOS said .
NATO 's Appathurai said the Taliban insurgency has been intensifying its activities in areas where it already has been based -- the south and the east , but it does n't hold territory in any areas where the Afghan and international forces can go .
He also said one of the problems with the report is that it conflates Taliban activity with criminal activity .
He said the problems near the capital will be addressed by 3,000 or so U.S. troops to be arriving there soon .
CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .
All About Afghanistan • The Taliban
Yet the Uralkali affair stands out for illustrating with rare clarity the willingness of the authorities to use whatever means necessary to obtain these assets , including subjecting companies to questionable investigations that they have little chance of resisting , financial analysts here say .
At the forefront of these efforts is Mr. Sechin , 48 , a deputy prime minister who has been a Putin confidant since the two served in the St. Petersburg city government in the early 1990s .
Mr. Sechin almost never gives interviews or speaks publicly , but he is believed to spearhead the use of the secret services and other government arms to capture companies .
“ He is the state ’s main raider , ” said Olga Kryshtanovskaya , a prominent Kremlin expert at the Center for the Study of Elites in Moscow .
“ He organizes these raider seizures , sometimes to the benefit of the state , or sometimes to the benefit of companies that are friendly to him . ”
Mr. Sechin ’s role in the Uralkali inquiry immediately caused analysts and investors to presume that the company was in peril .
Uralkali ’s stock , once highly prized by fund managers , has plunged more than 60 percent since the inquiry began , far more than the broader Russian stock market .
That has caused steep losses for Mr. Rybolovlev , 42 , a former medical student who is known as Russia ’s fertilizer king because of his dominance of the business of mining potash , a principal fertilizer component .
Last June , when Uralkali was soaring , the otherwise low - key Mr. Rybolovlev attracted attention by buying Donald J. Trump ’s mansion in Palm Beach , Fla. , for $ 95 million .
The Kremlin has not said when there will be a decision on Uralkali , and the company is hoping to negotiate a settlement that would include a fine of a few hundred million dollars .
Analysts emphasized that there was still a chance that Mr. Sechin might pull back after seeing the stock market react so hostilely to the inquiry .
Developments in the overall economy might also give the Kremlin pause .
A growing recognition of its outsize influence over business appears to have helped sour the investment climate here , and suggests in part why the Russian stock market has been among the worst performers in the world this year .
Labor Orgasms Called ' Best - Kept Secret ' Experts say labor and childbirth does n't have to be an excruciating experience .
Dec. 9 , 2008  -- Painful .
Excruciating .
Unbearable .
These are the words most often associated with childbirth .
But what about pleasurable ?
Blissful ?
Euphoric ?
Some women even say that instead of agony , childbirth can be ecstasy .
Amber Hartnell of Hawaii said she experienced an orgasm during labor when she gave birth to her son in September 2005 .
" All of a sudden the orgasm just started rolling through and rolling through , and it just kept coming , and my whole body was spiraling and rolling , and I was laughing and crying , " she said .
Hard to imagine ?
Hartnell and her husband , Nassim Haramein , were shocked as well .
Although they had spent many hours planning for their son's birth , in a tub under a tree outside their home , they say they never planned for an " orgasmic " birth .
Haramein was amazed -- and also relieved -- to see his wife experience such pleasure .
" It made me feel like everything was gonna be all right , " he said .
" The experience did n't have to be a traumatic , painful experience .
It could be an experience of ecstatic joy . "
" It is , as we say , the best - kept secret , " said Debra Pascali - Bonaro , a childbirth educator for 26 years .
" I believe by women having such terrible fear .
…
Women are n't getting the choices they need , to make the experience as easy as possible . "
Labor Orgasms Are ' Basic Science '
To prove that it is possible to have pleasure in childbirth , Pascali- Bonaro made a documentary called " Orgasmic Birth . "
Tamra and Simon Larter of suburban New Jersey were one of the couples that allowed Pascali - Bonaro to film their most intimate moments of labor .
For their second child , the Larters wanted a natural birth with midwives at their home .
They spent part of Tamra Larter 's labor kissing and caressing .
" The physical touch and the nurturing was just really comforting to me , " Tamra Larter said , adding that she ultimately experienced an orgasmic birth .
" It was happening , and I could hardly breathe , and it was like , 'oh , that feels good . '
That 's all I could say really . "
Dr. Christiane Northrup , a board - certified OB - GYN and author of " Women 's Bodies , Women 's Wisdom " and " Mother - Daughter Wisdom , " said orgasms during labor are caused by basic science .
" When the baby 's coming down the birth canal , remember , it 's going through the exact same positions as something going in , the penis going into the vagina , to cause an orgasm , " Northrup said .
" And labor itself is associated with a huge hormonal change in the body , way more prolactin , way more oxytocin , way more beta - endorphins -- these are the molecules of ecstasy . "
Northrup says that women 's expectations can have a large effect on how pain is perceived .
" Whenever you expect pain , you tense up your muscles , your stress hormone levels go up and that increases pain , " she said .
Orgasmic Birth : Exploring the Options
Pascali-Bonaro said that one of the missions of her documentary is to show how the hospital experience should be improved to help decrease pain for laboring women .
" If we look at most other countries in the world , women have a lot of options .
They 're allowed to be upright , they can move in labor .
They can use warm water .
They can use balls .
There 's so much that they can do that makes the experience easier , " she said .
" In the U.S. today , you walk in a typical hospital , you 're put in bed on your back .
That in itself makes labor longer and harder and more painful . "
Joining in this message are women like Karen Brody , a playwright who wants women to make empowered choices about their birth experiences .
As part of her organization Birth on Labor Day , or BOLD , she developed a play called " Birth , " performed in communities to spread the message about new options in childbirth .
Kimberly Baker , a mother from Memphis , Tenn. , directed and acted in one of the " Birth " productions , portraying a woman who ultimately experienced an orgasmic birth .
" Unless you 've met somebody who 's had a positive , natural birth experience , and you 've heard them tell the truth about their experience , then all you have is the unknown , " she said .
To actually experience an orgasmic , or pleasurable birth , Northrup says it 's important for women to lose their fear and their inhibitions .
One method is to practice relaxation techniques .
For Hartnell , chanting and doing yoga helped transform the pain into what she calls simply " sensations . "
Use Drugs or Go Natural ?
Another key element is not to block those sensations with anesthesia -- a prospect that is not pleasing to the many women who rely on modern medicine to avoid intense suffering during childbirth .
" The process of labor is there for a reason , " Northrup said .
" It is part of the human experience to experience pain , the other side of which is this incredible ecstasy . "
Claudia Montes , a New Jersey mother of three , was determined to experience that ecstasy .
After giving birth to her first two children with an epidural , she wanted to have what she calls a " pleasurable birth " at the hospital , without pain medication .
But her toughest obstacle turned out to be her husband .
" I do n't understand choosing pain over , you know , modern medicine where you could be blissed out artificially , " said her husband , Jay Edlin .
Montes disagreed , saying , " The whole thing is he did n't want me to suffer .
And my whole thing is , you know , suffering is perceived . "
Montes hired a midwife instead of a doctor and practiced hypnosis for months in order to relax for labor .
Her hard work paid off .
" I did n't feel pain , " she said .
" I was in bliss , because I felt safe , because I felt empowered . "
Even her husband agreed she chose the right path .
" She ultimately was right and I was wrong .
I never envisioned that , you know , it would have such a happy ending , " he said .
For women who hope to create a similarly happy ending for their labor , Pascali - Bonaro hopes they realize that it 's possible , but the goal is not necessarily an actual orgasm .
" I hope women watching and men watching do n't feel that what we 're saying is , every woman should have an orgasmic birth , " she said .
" Our message is that women can journey through labor and birth in all different ways .
And there are a lot more options out there , to make this a positive and pleasurable experience . "
This Old Box , Holiday Edition
The holiday season has returned to Silicon Valley !
Bright and golden California summers have given way to a vivid fall landscape also bright and golden - but with a chance of rain .
It 's Thanksgiving in the state , and tots are already awaiting the arrival of Saint Nick , who 's annual roll - out could mean a shiny iPhone if they 've been good , or maybe a Zune duct - taped to a RAZR phone if they 've been extremely naughty .
With the holiday spirit in mind , we return to the Computer History Museum in Googleton Mountain View for a very special edition of This Old Box .
Let us first ponder :
We 've discussed several important computers in this erratically - released column .
Many of these units , along their notable triumphs , come with a fair share of faults – be it a 23 - pound frame on a supposedly portable PC , or the occasional electromagnetic pulse on start - up that destroys all storage tapes in the area .
You can't make lemonade without some lemons .
But none , to this reporter 's knowledge , sold a total of zero units .
That 's because hitting the big goose egg so squarely is actually rather difficult .
Everyone has a mother , after all .
A computer that no fool on Earth would purchase requires machinery so decadent and impractical , so awash up in the dream that super - science will simplify our lives , that it could only arrive in a Neiman - Marcus holiday catalog .
And so we explore the Honeywell Kitchen Computer .
Made exclusively for the housewife that has everything but tangible proof her husband is a clueless jackass .
Honeywell H316 Pedestal AKA " Kitchen Computer "
Released : 1969
Price : $ 10,600
CPU : 0.6MHz
Memory : 4KB , expandable to 16 K
Display : Binary lights
Special Features : Built - in cutting board
The Kitchen Computer was featured in the 1969 Neiman - Marcus holiday catalog as a cutting - edge PC made for suburban housewives to store their recipes .
Not that the system performed its singular task well .
But consumer advocates said the agency ’s action was too little and too late .
“ Although F.D.A. ’s action today is a step in the right direction , it does not do enough to ensure consumer safety , especially since melamine contamination in Chinese products continues to broaden , ” said Wenonah Hauter , executive director of Food & Water Watch .
As a result of the latest alert , Chinese products that contain milk or milk powder will automatically be detained at the border until the manufacturer or its customer has the product tested and it is found to be free of contamination , or they show documentation indicating that the product does not contain milk or milk - derived ingredients .
“ The burden shifts to the importer , ” Dr. Solomon said .
F.D.A. analyses have detected melamine and cyanuric acid , another contaminant , in “ a number of products that contain milk or milk - derived ingredients , including candy and beverages , ” according to an alert that the agency sent to field personnel .
The alert also noted that inspectors in more than 13 other countries had discovered melamine in Chinese products including milk , yogurt , frozen desserts , biscuits , chocolates and cookies .
The agency routinely blocks imports of individual food products , but it is rare for it to block an entire category of one country ’s foods .
Last year , the F.D.A. blocked five types of farm - raised seafood as well as vegetable protein from China because of repeated instances of contamination .
Unscrupulous food and feed dealers in China add melamine to their products because it increases nitrogen content to give the appearance in testing that protein levels are adequate .
Because it dissolves poorly , melamine can block the body ’s filtering system , potentially leading to kidney failure and death .
You are here : Home / Cool Stories / 10 Cool Secrets About Disneyland
1. Disneyland was expected to fail .
Opening day was such a disaster that pretty much every press organization that attended the celebration had predicted the park ’s failure within one year .
It opened on a day that was 101 degrees and the street asphalt still was n’t dry , leading to it sticking to shoes .
By the end of the first day , all but 2 of the 48 Autopia cars were crashed and about half the rides were broken .
Despite all that , park visitors loved it and attendance continued to grow day by day .
2 . Need a real drink ?
While many Disney fanatics may already know this one , others may find it surprising to know there is exactly one place in the entire park that serves alcoholic beverages .
The place is called Club 33 and it is a very exclusive club to get in .
To gain entry , there is a ten year waiting list and admission is at least a thousand dollars .
Supposedly , the food is good though .
3. Tomorrow Land is so outdated .
Or at least , the first version is by now .
The only Tomorrow Land ride that still exists in its original state from the opening is Autopia , and even it was changed to fit with Cars the movie .
Actually though , there is one major change in Autopia from how it was on opening day - there were originally no guide rail to keep people on track .
Sometimes Disney was a little too trusting of the good of humans .
4 . There ’s a Disney Underground .
It ’s not quite as exciting as it sounds though .
Despite rumors , the area under the park is n’t a massive underground city .
There are many underground basements though , where cast can relax , change in and out of costumes and eat lunch in peace .
Think of it like a few really big break rooms .
Disney World on the other hand , was built late enough that they have a full city underground .
5. Olympic sports anyone ?
Just walking around the park over and over again is exercise enough for most people , but employees have the option of working out in the Matterhorn .
Surely you did n’t think that huge mountain was only used for one little ride did you ?
No , the Matterhorn is officially classified as a gym and has a full basketball court inside .
In 1984 , it was even certified as an official Olympic Stadium .
6 . It ’s safe , but not 100 % safe .
Despite persisting urban legends that claim no one ever died in the park , people have .
At least 12 people have died there , reports vary as to whether some additional death tales are true or not .
All things considered though , 12 deaths in over 50 years is n’t that bad .
Keep in mind , aside from dangerous rides , there is also a notable amount of gang violence at other Southern California amusement parks that does n’t occur as frequently at Disneyland .
7 . Ever feel like you ’re being watched ?
You might be .
There are cameras everywhere .
Aside from average security brigades , they even have special tasks forces with only a handful of things to focus on .
There are at least two special forces at the park , one dedicated to catching people using drugs at the park , and another dedicated to catching people who flash or flip off the cameras during the photo parts of the rides .
If you ’ve ever gotten a message saying your photo is n’t available when you got off the ride , there ’s a good chance someone either flashed some breast or flipped the bird to the camera .
8. A ghostly Hazmat problem .
There are many reports of people trying to spill the ashes of loved ones in the Haunted Mansion .
As nice of a thought as it is , there are plenty of ghosts in the Mansion already and if everyone dumped their ashes here , then the whole thing would be covered in dust .
So , every time it happens , the Mansion needs to be closed and a hazmat team cleans it .
9 . A pirate ’s life for Jack .
We all know that Johnny Depp is dang sexy , but just the character of Jack Sparrow ?
Apparently , a lot of women still think he ’s just as good as Depp .
In Pirate ’s Booty , an ex-actor at Disneyland confessed how many women would try to hump him just for playing the character .
The stories range from flirting to receiving napkins with naughty offers .
10 . Words from beyond .
The telegraph clicking at the New Orleans ’ train station is ticking out the speech Disney gave out on the park ’s opening day .
Traces of Disney are all over the park , for example his old apartment over the fire house on Main Street .
They always leave the light on in his memory .
Not only is it cute , but it ’s also rad that he got to live in the park .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama has a 51 % to 41 % lead over John McCain in the latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking report involving interviewing conducted Tuesday , Wednesday , and Thursday nights .
These results show little major change in the basic structure of the race , although McCain did somewhat better in Thursday night interviewing , suggesting the possibility that the race may have some fluidity in the days ahead .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
The major news of the day is the economic crisis and its dramatic effect on the world 's financial markets , which to some degree drowns out the typical campaign back and forth that characterizes the presidential race at this point .
About half of Americans indicate in Gallup 's economic tracking measures that they personally had worried about money the day before they were interviewed , underscoring the major impact the economy is having on Americans ' lives and the degree to which their presidential choice may be filtered through the prism of economic angst .
The next and final presidential debate will be held Wednesday , Oct. 15 , at Hofstra University in New York . -- Frank Newport
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Oct. 7 - 9 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,784 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
4:30 minute video .
Microsoft Windows Media Player required .
About two thousand people converged in Crawford for the “ Cindy ( Sheehan ) Does n’t Speak for Me ” rally Saturday .
However , in a odd turn of events , and despite repeated pleadings that “ we are on your side , we are on the right , ” the rally turned on conservative youth " Protest Warriors . "
Crawford , Texas ( August 28 , 2005 ) About two thousand people converged in Crawford yesterday for the “ Cindy Does n’t Speak for Me ” rally .
“ Gold Bless America , God Bless the Troops , and God Bless President Bush ” was the theme of the day .
Favorite chants included , “ Cindy Go Home ! ” and “ What ’s Our Exit Strategy ?
Victory ! ”
Many of the speakers were AM radio talk show hosts from across the country .
The theme of most of their speeches was that Cindy Sheehan was prolonging the war by giving hope to the terrorists .
“ Iraqis love us … and we are winning . ”
“ The media is currently on a anti-American rampage … Insurgents love the U.S. media . ”
Darrell Ankarls of 570 KLIF AM radio boomed from the stage that “ Cindy ’s stuff is making into the sandbox ” and it is “ getting our boys killed . ”
Cindy should “ shut up ” and “ go home !
” I had heard that military recruiters were going to be on hand to sign up the youth who attended the rally .
I did over hear two young women excitedly talking about having just “ jumped in , and sign up . ”
However , it turned out that they were talking about having signed up for the University of Texas Young Republican Club .
It was announced that a woman riding around the parameter of the rally on a beautiful horse was the mother of a teenager who was waiting to enter the military .
Free Republic and the their right - wing youth group of “ ironic ” Protest Warriors were repeatedly thanked for their support and participation in the rally .
The Protest Warriors are young people who usually appear at anti-war related activities with slogans based on “ right - wing irony , ” such as “ War Has Never Solved Anything ( except for everything ) . ”
However , in a odd turn of events , and despite repeated pleadings that “ we are on your side , we are on the right , ” the rally turned on these kids .
Shouting “ Cindy Go Home ! ” a small mob gathered around the three or four Protest Warriors , attacked their oversized signs , and began stomping on the signs .
Visibly shaken , the Protest Warriors beat a retreat from the rally to the chants of “ Get Out of Here Liars ! ”
Over and over again , “ We are on your side ” were meet by “ Liars ! ”
One man clarified that even if they were trying to support the war , they were confusing people , and that “ it is the devil who wanted to sew confusion . ”
It is safe to say that irony , or any opinions that hinted at “ shades of gray ” were not welcome in Bush Country .
Archive of photos and reports from Crawford , Texas :
Mr. Khelil said exporters were having trouble locating buyers for their crude , with some countries finding that normally reliable customers could not obtain letters of credit to finance their purchases because of the financial crisis .
“ This slowdown in oil demand is serving to exacerbate the situation in a market which has been oversupplied with crude for some time , ” OPEC said in its statement .
“ Moreover , forecasts indicate that the fall in demand will deepen . ”
The drop in prices is affecting exporters and importers in unexpected ways .
With fewer petrodollars now flowing to the Gulf , Russia and other regions , a major source of global liquidity and investment in places like the United States and Europe is beginning to shrink .
Even the Saudis , who argued for keeping the markets well supplied at the last OPEC meeting , seemed to have been struck by the speed of the price drop .
When prices spiked this summer , the cartel ’s leaders attributed the jump to speculation , and Saudi Arabia , the world ’s biggest oil producer and OPEC ’s most powerful member , opened the taps and increased production to a record of 10 million barrels a day .
The Saudis have since pared their output to around 9.5 million barrels a day , according to analysts .
As the lowest - cost producer , Saudi Arabia can afford to let prices fall for a while without hurting its budget .
Most analysts estimate that the Saudis could live with oil at $ 55 to $ 65 a barrel .
But other producers need higher prices .
Nigeria ’s oil minister said his country would be more comfortable with $ 80 , Qatar has set a range of $ 70 to $ 90 , and Iran ’s representative said that prices below $ 90 a barrel would hurt .
For Iran and Venezuela , the drop in prices is particularly painful , because both have been spending freely on the assumption that prices would stay high .
A continued drop in oil prices , and a tough domestic economy , could jeopardize the position of Iran ’s president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was elected on a populist platform and who faces re-election next year .
( See Corrections and Amplifications item below . )
The National Football League 's unprecedented new effort to protect its image by cracking down on loutish behavior is making some of the league 's 1,952 players a little nervous .
This sweeping new personal - conduct policy , which was announced before the 2007 season , allows the NFL to quickly and summarily fine and suspend players ; not just for committing crimes , but for any act that 's deemed harmful to the NFL's " integrity and reputation . "
To guard against these unpredictable suspensions ( there have been 10 so far ) , NFL teams are hiring former police officers and FBI agents as security chiefs , ordering up extensive background checks , installing video - surveillance systems in locker rooms , chasing down rumors and sometimes forbidding players from talking to the press .
During a recent road trip , the San Diego Chargers not only conducted bed checks , but placed guards in the hotel hallways to make sure players did n't sneak out .
The Seattle Seahawks have declared an entire downtown entertainment district off - limits , and the Denver Broncos have begun sending a former cop to local nightclubs on weekends to make sure the players behave .
The increased scrutiny has taken a toll on some players , including Broncos defensive tackle Marcus Thomas .
Last year , after the policy was announced , Mr. Thomas had called his agent in a panic :
He said he was convinced he was being followed by " a white man in sunglasses " who had been sent by the NFL .
A league spokesman says NFL security did not follow Mr. Thomas .
Q : " Will you consider legalizing marijuana so that the government can regulate it , tax it , put age limits on it , and create millions of new jobs and create a billion dollar industry right here in the U.S. ? "
S. Man , Denton
A : President - elect Obama is not in favor of the legalization of marijuana .
Q : " Will you consider legalizing marijuana so that the government can regulate it , tax it , put age limits on it , and create millions of new jobs and create a billion dollar industry right here in the U.S. ? "
S. Man , Denton
A : President - elect Obama will not use his political capital to advance the legalization of marijuana .
While he agrees that arresting adults for marijuana possession is a poor use of law enforcement resources , he believes that the issue remains too controversial to do anything about it .
Much has been made of the fact that a marijuana legalization question was ranked # 1 when President - elect Obama opened his Change.gov website up to questions from the public .
In an open vote , the public spoke loudly and clearly that marijuana reform was the very first issue that the new President should address .
For our trouble , we ’ve been rewarded with the sorriest excuse for an answer that Obama ’s transition team could possibly have provided : Care to elaborate ?
You see , we all knew what the answer was .
The point was that we all wanted to knowAs frustrating and insulting as it is to witness an important matter brushed casually to the side without explanation , Obama ’s answer actually says a lot .
It says that he could n’t think of even one sentence to explain his position .
Within the vast framework of totally paranoid anti-pot propaganda , Obama could n’t find a single argument he wanted to associate himself with .
That ’s why he simply said " No . Next question .
" All of this highlights the well - known fact that Obama agrees that our marijuana laws are deeply flawed .
He ‘s said so , and has back - pedaled recently for purely political reasons .
If Obama ’s transition team tried to give an accurate description of his position on marijuana reform it would look like this :
It ’s really that simple , which makes our job quite difficult .
Any ideas ?
Update : Paul Armentano says to keep doing what we 've been doing and I agree .
The fact that we 've provoked dialogue about marijuana reform on the President - elect 's website is quite remarkable .
The " Open for Questions " feature will reopen for new questions soon and we 'll be back to push drug policy reform to the top yet again .
On that note , please be advised that the site we 're talking about is Change.gov , not Change.org .
Change.org has been linked repeatedly in the comment section below , but that is not Obama 's site .
It fills a similar role and is worth visiting , but that 's not where we should focus our energy if we want to directly confront Obama himself .
I'm a little concerned that mixing these sites up could dillute our message , so please stay focused on Change.gov .
I will post something when the next round of questions is open .
Kodu is a new visual programming language made specifically for creating games .
It is designed to be accessible for children and enjoyable for anyone .
The programming environment runs on the Xbox , allowing rapid design iteration using only a game controller for input .
Programming as a Creative Medium
The core of the Kodu project is the programming user interface .
The language is simple and entirely icon-based .
Programs are composed of pages , which are broken down into rules , which are further divided into conditions and actions .
Conditions are evaluated simultaneously .
The Kodu language is designed specifically for game development and provides specialized primitives derived from gaming scenarios .
Programs are expressed in physical terms , using concepts like vision , hearing , and time to control character behavior .
While not as general - purpose as classical programming languages , Kodu can express advanced game design concepts in a simple , direct , and intuitive manner .
Kodu Screen Shots
Pygmy Tarsiers , a furby like nocturnal primate native to central Sulawesi , Indonesia but not seen alive in 85 years , have been rediscovered .
Pygmy Tarsiers weighing 2 ounces ( 57 grams ) , have big eyes and are covered in dense coats of fur to protect themselves from a cool habitat .
Until now it was presumed that the Pygmy Tarsiers were extinct , with the last sighting in the wild dating back to 1921 .
In 2000 , two Indonesian scientists reported they had accidentally trapped and killed a pygmy tarsier , but despite efforts following the discovery , none had been spotted alive in their native habitat , until now .
Three specimens of the pygmy tarsier were trapped and tracked this summer on Mount Rorekatimbo in Lore Lindu National Park in Central Sulawesi , according to Texas A&M University .
It ’s great for science that they ’ve been rediscovered , but just wait until the toy manufacturers get a look at the pics .
( image : MSNBC )
Voting Machine Issues , Confusion Compounded Delays Faced by Untold Thousands of Voters This Fall
Though Even That Number Fails to Reveal Untold Counting Errors on E- Voting Systems Across the Nation ...
Steven Rosenfeld Byon
11/16/2008 , 5:30 am PT
Guest blogged by Steven Rosenfeld of AlterNet
The electronic voting problems in the 2008 election are broader than recently - publicized snafus such as machines not turning on , voter databases omitting names , or touch screens not properly recording votes , according to an analysis of 1,700 incident reports from the nation 's largest voter hotline .
Moreover , the voting machine issues and the confusion they caused among poll workers appear to have compounded the delays faced by untold thousands of voters this fall , a preliminary analysis of 1 - 800 - OUR - VOTE reports by Joseph Lorenzo Hall , a researcher at Princeton University and the University of California , has found ...
" If we can do anything to improve the experience of the average voter facing a machine problem , it should be reduce the amount of time they spend in line , " Hall wrote this week , adding that voters who had machine problems and got back - up paper ballots often were not confident that their votes would count .
" Another curious feature of the data is the voters ' uniformly negative attitudes toward contingency or back - up plans , " he said .
" Voters are often upset and mistrustful . "
Hall 's analysis is one of the first assessments to look at electronic voting in the 2008 fall election .
Many voting rights groups have said the biggest problems this year were inaccurate voter registration records , not enough early voting sites , and planning that did not accommodate high turnout .
Hall 's findings suggest that the voting machinery used exacerbated these very issues .
1700 Incident Reports
During early voting and on Election Day , the Election Protection Coalition , which had a volunteer staff of 10,000 lawyers , received calls via a national hotline , 1 - 866 - OURVOTE .
The calls were notated , categorized and posted on OurVoteLive.org .
Of 86,000 calls received this fall , about 1,900 --- or 2.2 percent --- were about the machines .
Two - thirds were registration and polling place inquiries .
There were 1,700 incidents after eliminating duplicates , Hall said .
These calls generally did not involve problems encountered later Tuesday night during the vote count , he said in an e-mail .
In contrast , the Democratic National Committee 's election protection team monitoring machine issues , including the count , recorded " thousands " of incidents , a volunteer on that team said .
The most common voter hotline complaints were " about broken machinery , long lines , long waits to vote and reports of emergency ballots being used instead of the normal mode of voting , " Hall said .
" However , there are some interesting features from these reports . "
Machine breakdowns and electronic poll book bottlenecks --- where voters check in before voting --- lead to many delays , Hall said .
He cited a report from Atlanta where all 15 voting machines in a polling place had stopped working , and a New York City report of one poll book for hundreds of voters .
A shortage of e-poll book laptops was reported in Georgia , while in Maryland poll workers could not get their electronic voting systems up and running , he said , citing typical complaints .
One surprise , Hall said , was that the delays in voting did not just come with checking in voters --- but with voters wanting to run their ballots through vote - count scanners .
" We have reports of people waiting in line for 3 hours in New Jersey , 3.5 hours in Georgia , 5 hours in Ohio , 6 hours in Missouri , " he said .
" In many cases , long lines were exacerbated by voters insisting on feeding their own ballot into an optical scan machine , despite it taking a long time to service or replace the affected equipment . "
Hall said he was " very encouraged to see that in most cases , emergency ballots were available , " though he noted that in Virginia some precincts ran out of back - up ballots .
" What I did n't count on was that voters consider voting via an emergency ballot to be fundamentally suspect ; that is , most were worried that their vote would n't count if cast via emergency ballot . "
Poll workers compounded this issue , he said , by confusing back - up and provisional ballots .
The latter are used for unlisted voters and must be verified to count .
" We saw cases in at least two states where poll workers were refusing to hand out emergency ballots despite significant machine failures , " he said referring to New York and Pennsylvania .
" In one case a caller claimed that voters in line were " fighting with poll workers " over emergency ballots , " he said .
In addition , some voters were upset their vote was not secret because election officials could see their backup ballots .
It is impossible to know how many votes were affected by the issues cited in these incident reports .
However , depending on the state and location , individual paperless voting machines could be used by 200 to 600 voters , and paper - ballot scanners could be used to count even larger numbers of ballots .
While the presidential results would not appear to be undermined by any of these problems , they do reveal that machinery - related problems are more extensive than many people assume .
Machinery Still Unfamiliar
Hall 's report noted other categories of voting machine issues .
Since 2002 , federal law has encouraged the use of paperless voting systems , especially for people with disabilities .
However , Hall said " disability access equipment simply did n't work or was not set up properly " in Arizona , California , New York , Missouri , Minnesota and Maryland .
He also noted a report of a poll worker not helping a blind voter because too many other voters were in line .
Machinery malfunctions were a common complaint , Hall said , saying New Jersey and Pennsylvania experienced " numerous reports of lights and buttons not working on machines . "
In addition , he said there were reports of machines that kept rebooting , " would work only after periodic shaking , " or did not work with other computers in the network .
In 14 states , voters reported " vote flipping , " where the machines selected another candidate other than their pick ( FL , OH , PA , VA , GA , MD , MS , TX , NV , MO , NC , SC , IN , WV ) .
Voters raised the issue of who was authorized to fix broken machines .
In South Carolina , " individuals removed a voting machine from the polling place and took it out to a car to tinker with it , " Hall said .
In New York , others , including a policeman , apparently " fixed " voting machines .
Voters in Ohio and Pennsylvania also noted clocks on some machines were still set to Daylight Savings time , which prompted them to question whether their votes would count .
The process of paperless voting also confused some voters .
" A ' fleeing voter ' is a voter who leaves a voting machine without having cast their voted ballot , " he said , citing incident reports from New Jersey , New York and Pennsylvania where that was an issue .
" A ' premature voter ' is one who accidentally casts their ballot ( or has it cast for them ) before they are finished voting their ballot , " Hall said , citing reports from Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia , Florida and Chicago .
Straight - party voting or selecting candidates from one political party also had glitches , he said .
In some instances , not all the candidates were selected , as in Washington , D.C. In Virginia and Pennsylvania , there were reports of ballots where the presidential race " was the only contest available , " or the opposite , where the presidential race " was the only race missing . "
Computer scanners that read paper ballots had other problems .
Reports from Ohio , Virginia , Minnesota , Texas and North Carolina found counters on scanners did not record when new ballots were inserted , an issue that raised concerns about vote count accuracy .
In Ohio , Missouri , Illinois and California , printers attached to paperless voting machines to create a paper record of electronic votes failed .
In Virginia , scanners could not read wet or humid paper ballots .
In Florida and California , using the wrong kind of pen caused votes to be misread , the incident reports said .
Poll workers also were confused with how to handle back - up paper ballots , Hall said .
In California , New York and Pennsylvania , it was not clear where to put these ballots after people voted , he said .
Some security seals on boxes were broken , he said , and in some cases ballots were " just laying around " or " stacked on top of machines , " as was the case in Minnesota .
" In a few cases , poll workers intentionally or mistakenly cast a voter 's ballot before they are finished voting or before they 've had a chance to revise their ballot , " Hall said , citing examples from New York , Virginia , Illinois and Arizona .
Cross-posted at Alternet ...
===
Steve Rosenfeld is a senior fellow at Alternet.org and author of several books , including " Count My Vote : A Citizen 's Guide to Voting " and " What Happened in Ohio : A Documentary Record of Theft and Fraud in the 2004 Election " .
NEW YORK �( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Federal Reserve and Treasury Department on Tuesday unveiled a plan to pump $ 800 billion into the struggling U.S. economy in an attempt to jumpstart lending by banks to consumers and small businesses .
The government hopes that these initiatives will enable more money to flow to consumers in the form of loans than has occurred so far in previous bailout plans .
One program will make $ 200 billion available from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to holders of securities backed by consumer debt , such as credit cards , car loans and student loans .
The Treasury Department will allocate $ 20 billion to back that lending in order to cover any losses that the New York Fed might suffer .
In addition , the Federal Reserve , announced it will purchase up to $ 500 billion in mortgage backed securities that have been backed by Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) , Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) and Ginnie Mae , the three government - sponsored mortgage finance firms set up to promote home ownership .
It will also buy another $ 100 billion in direct debt issued by those firms .
Together , the programs from the Federal Reserve and the New York Fed are more than Congress approved in October for a bailout of the nation 's banks and Wall Street firms .
The Fed said the money will come from an increase in its reserves -- in essence , it is creating new money .
The idea is that by making money available for investors who are interested in buying loans bundled together into securities , it will be easier and more profitable for banks to loan money to consumers and small businesses .
Before the current credit crisis , lenders got the money they needed to extend credit by selling the loans they had already made .
But the Treasury Department said the issuance of those securities essentially came to a halt in October .
" This lack of affordable consumer credit undermines consumer spending and , as a result , weakens our economy , " said Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson at a press conference .
Still , previous efforts to pump money directly into financial institutions have done relatively little to expand credit available for consumers , and some economists said it was not immediately clear if this money would flow through to households as planned .
" It 's certainly not directly going to go through to the consumers .
I do n't know if anyone can say how much will get through , " said Keith Hembre , chief economist at First American Funds .
" It certainly should n't hurt .
We 'll have to see how much it does help . "
To that end , government officials said that they would not set up the $ 200 billion consumer lending program until February .
So officials could n't say if the mere announcement of the program would cause lenders to make more credit available to consumers in time for the holiday shopping season .
Paulson described the $ 200 billion consumer lending program as a first step , one that could be expanded later to include different kinds of debt , including assets backed by commercial real estate mortgages and business debt .
He said the fact that the Fed and Treasury had to work together to get an additional $ 800 billion into the system is not a sign that the $ 700 billion bailout of banks and Wall Street firms passed by Congress last month has been a failure .
He said that , without that program , it is likely that the financial markets would be in even worse shape than they are today .
" I wish , and I know everybody wishes , that one piece of legislation , and then magically the credit markets would unfreeze , " he said .
" That 's not the type of situation we 're dealing with . "
The fact that the New York Fed is taking the lead on the consumer lending program means that the man nominated by President - elect Obama to succeed Paulson , New York Fed President Timothy Geithner , played a central role in this new effort .
But Paulson said this is not a sign that the Bush administration is letting the new administration call the shots on further efforts to revive the economy .
How it may affect mortgages
The larger part of the new program is geared toward ending the mortgage crisis , which was the original intent of the bank bailout plan proposed in September and signed into law in October .
That plan , known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , was quickly dropped for one in which Treasury instead made direct capital investments in banks in return for the government receiving preferred shares in the institutions getting funds .
This new program is much closer to the planned bailout .
But government officials stressed that this new plan is different from TARP in that only mortgage securities backed by Fannie , Freddie and Ginnie Mae will be in the new program .
The loans being backed by the new program , for the most part , are of better quality than many of the troubled assets that would have been purchased under the original TARP plan .
" This action is being taken to reduce the cost and increase the availability of credit for the purchase of houses , which in turn should support housing markets and foster improved conditions in financial markets more generally , " the Fed said in a statement .
There is also limited additional risk for the federal government from the Fed buying that $ 600 billion in debt from the three firms , since the government is already on the hook for losses those firms suffer on the loans they back .
Despite that implicit government guarantee behind Fannie and Freddie 's debt , there gap between rates for U.S. Treasurys and the rates for mortgage assets continues to widen .
But with the Fed buying such a large amount of mortgage assets directly , the hope is that this will narrow that gap and drive down mortgage rates .
The Treasury , which oversees the $ 700 billion in the TARP program , has been reluctant to expand the use of those funds beyond direct capital investments in banks , despite request to use the funds to help out insurance companies and even the nation 's automakers .
The moves came as the Commerce Department announced that gross domestic product , the broadest measure of economic activity , fell at an annual rate of 0.5 % in the third quarter .
That was the biggest drop in seven years and economists believe that the economy will decline further in the current quarter and into early next year .
-- with assistance from CNNMoney.com contributing writer Grace Wong in London .
A Canadian college student majoring in chemistry built himself a home lab - and discovered that trying to do science in your own home quickly leads to accusations of drug - making and terrorism .
Advertisement
Lewis Casey , an 18 - year - old in Saskatchewan , had built a small chemistry lab in his family ’s garage near the university where he studies .
Then two weeks ago , police arrived at his home with a search warrant and based on a quick survey of his lab determined that it was a meth lab .
They pulled Casey out of the shower to interrogate him , and then arrested him .
A few days later , police admitted that Casey ’s chemistry lab was n’t a meth lab - but they kept him in jail , claiming that he had some of the materials necessary to produce explosives .
Friends and neighbors wrote dozens of letters to the court , testifying that Casey was innocent and merely a student who is really enthusiastic about chemistry .
Advertisement
On December 24 , Casey was finally released into his parents ’ custody , pending a trial to determine whether he was building what police called “ improvised explosive devices . ”
Yesterday Casey ’s lawyer told local journalists :
My client is a very intelligent young man . . . he ’s very keen in chemistry , a very curious young person and very capable , very knowledgeable in the area and he was always curious with regard to chemistry , chemical compounds , chemical reactions , that kind of thing .
So from my client ’s point of view , it ’s completely innocent insofar as he had no intention of creating any explosives or explosive devices .
As people probably know , anything in your house can constitute or be used in chemical or explosive devices , including sugar and cleaning compounds , Mr. Clean , bleach , detergents , all those sorts of things .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
It ’s unclear what made police raid Casey ’s house .
They claim that they got a tip from a woman who sold Casey fertilizer and was concerned about it .
Certain kinds of fertilizer are used in the production of crystal meth .
The case is reminiscent of the Steve Kurtz case in 2004 .
Kurtz is a New York artist who uses biotech equipment in his work , and police arrested him on suspicion of terrorism after discovering his home chemistry lab .
Advertisement
Casey is now living at home , but he is no longer allowed to engage in chemistry experiments except under supervision in school labs .
He is also required to inform the chemistry department of the charges against him .
His trial continues on January 26 .
This is a stark example of how scientific curiosity is still regarded with suspicion - even in an era where home labs are becoming more and more common .
Good luck to Casey - let ’s hope his next home lab is even bigger and cooler than the one he recently lost .
Donate now or Become a member !
Dear Free Software Supporter ,
Please read our year end appeal .
We have had a hugely successful year .
Here are just some of the highlights from the list of achievements that member and donor support made possible :
You can find a complete listing in the back issues of our monthly Free Software Supporter newsletter .
If you 're not already subscribed , join the 12,700 people who are and keep up with our progress throughout the year .
This work and much more like it will continue into 2009 .
So please help us now with your support .
Become a member at http://fsf.org/associate/support_freedom/join_fsf
or make a donation at http://www.fsf.org/associate/donate/.
You can also help in other ways :
Please spread the word by forwarding this message , and thanks for your continued support !
Here 's to another great year ,
Peter and the Free Software Foundation team
This week's
Westword
features an
, a beer - serving robot created by Denver 's Jim and Louise Gunderson .
But with all this talk of robots , I would 've been remiss in not listing -- as a service to humanity -- the most evil robots of all time and what we , as puny humans , can do to defend ourselves against them or foil their evil plans .
I have assembled this list with the least dangerous at the beginning and the most dangerous ( and , frankly , terrifying ) robot at the end .
As a sort of control , I have put Basil in the first position .
Not too dangerous ?
Yeah , well , the guys who worked on the Skynet prototype probably never foresaw what would become of their baby , either .
Remember the G.I . Joe motto , kids : " Knowing is half the battle . "
Dr. Jason Sheehan Chief of Intelligence , HARDON Human Anti-Robot Defense OrganizatioN
12 . Robot name : Basil Manufactured by : Gamma Two , Inc. First appeared : Denver , Colorado
About : Basil is one of those robots that 's far more impressive on the inside than on the outside .
Capable of recognizing real objects and integrating them into its ontological model of the world , Basil is rather like a newborn human child making its first stumbling steps as an independent creature .
Unlike a human child , though , Basil looks kind of like an ugly end table on wheels , has twelve eyes and titanium skin and can't be bought off with a cookie .
But here 's the rub : Basil can learn .
Every time the Gundersons turn it on , it learns a little bit more .
Though relatively harmless now , I think we can all agree that it is only a matter of time before Basil becomes self - aware and turns on his human masters .
Best defense :
In Basil 's case , self defense is fairly simple : Stand 21 feet away and wait for its batteries to run down .
Alternately , pretend you are a chair .
Or , for a more satisfying solution , just walk up behind it and push it over .
Then taunt it while it 's down .
11 . Robot name : K.I.T.T. Manufactured by : Knight Industries First appeared : Knight Rider
About : K.I.T.T. ( an acronym for Knight Industries Two Thousand ) makes the list for two reasons : First , he seemed hell - bent on continuously rescuing Michael Knight ( David Hasselhoff ) and saving his life every week .
Any good robot ( and as we all know , there are no good robots , only robots who have n't turned bad yet ) would 've let the Hoff bite it in the first episode , thereby sparing humanity from four years of ridiculous plots and worse acting .
Second , as noted in the Futurama episode where Bender was turned into a were - car , the original were - car was built using parts from other evil cars , including K.I.T.T.'s windshield wipers , which were evil even if " it did n't come up that much in the show . "
Best Defense : Patience .
Like all bad ideas , eventually K.I.T.T. will be resurrected in a terrible " reinvention " of the original Knight Rider series and will die a slow and painful death due to low ratings .
Also , the original K.I.T.T. was a 1982 Pontiac Trans
Am , so unless you 're hanging out in New Jersey , some areas of Philadelphia or my home town of Rochester , New York ( where , even today , entire bars in some neighborhoods can be cleared just by walking through the door and yelling , " Hey , Tony ! Your Trans Am's on fire ! " ) , you 're probably safe .
10 . Robot name : Pris Manufactured by : The Tyrell Corporation First appeared : Blade Runner
About : Pris is a Nexus - 6 replicant , a " simple pleasure model " manufactured by the Tyrell Corporation as a sex doll for humans living in the off - world colonies .
This brings up an interesting point .
The two questions human roboticists are most commonly asked about their creations are , first , " When is it going to become evil and try to kill all humans ? " and , second , " Can I have sex with it ? "
Pris embodies the answer to both questions .
Like so many other robots ( and slightly geeky teenage boys from upstate New York ) , Pris became evil when she first encountered Rutger Hauer in the guise of Roy Batty , another Nexus - 6 .
And yes , you can have sex with it .
Provided it does n't kill you first with its super - ninja sex - gymnastics as she almost did with my hero , Rick Deckard , the L.A. Bladerunner .
Best defense :
Have sex with it .
A lot .
It 's not much of a defense , but if they all look like Daryl Hannah circa 1982 , I 'm fairly certain that most of us will be powerless .
Though to follow Deckard 's example , a pistol shot to the belly seemed to " retire " Pris rather effectively .
9 . Robot name : MQ - 1 Predator drone Manufactured by : General Atomics Aeronautical Systems First appeared : Eastern Europe , circa 1995
About :
The predator drone is a tele - operated UAV ( unmanned aerial vehicle ) developed by the Department of Defense .
Though often assumed to be a single - operator aircraft , it actually takes more than fifty people and about a bazillion dollars in technology to get one of these things in the air , keep it in the air , and have it do anything more impressive than fly in a straight line for a few minutes .
I have included it here because , while tele - operated , it still vaguely qualifies as a robot , and is important because it is the first robot human beings were stupid enough to give a gun to .
Actually , not even a gun , but a brace of AGM - 114 Hellfire missiles .
Smart move there , Einstein ...
Best defense : Allying one 's self with the Mole People comes to mind .
Tough for a UAV to find you when you 're living underground , feasting on fragrant mosses and bedding beautiful Mole - Maidens .
I guess one could also become Osama Bin-Laden .
The military has been using Predators to try and find that motherfucker for years and have n't turned up anything yet .
8. Robot name : The Gunslinger Manufactured by : Delos Amusement Park First appeared : Westworld
About : The Gunslinger ( played by Yul Brenner in the film ) was just a garden - variety gunslinging robot in the Wild West - themed Westworld , programmed to lose every gunfight he was challenged to , until one day -- sick of losing gunfights to fat , drunk tourists from Miami Beach and being shot several dozen times a day -- HE WENT MAD .
Westworld is a perfect cautionary tale for humanity because it has everything : autonomous robots that look and act almost exactly like humans , a corporation promising that nothing could possibly go wrong with said robots , a casual attitude toward humans living out their fantasies with the amusement park 's robots ( including killing and / or having sex with them ) and then , ultimately , a robot uprising against their human oppressors .
Westworld teaches several important lessons to the careful viewer , like throwing acid on a Yul Brenner - based robot is only going to make him angrier ( and uglier ) , and lighting a Yul Brenner - based robot on fire is only going to do more of the same .
It shows the dangers of falling asleep drunk in a robot - infested theme park ( which is the mistake that gets the movie 's plot rolling in the first place ) , and shows how shutting down the power is never the right solution to a problem of robots running amok because it only serves to trap all possible qualified robot technicians inside their laboratories and control rooms while two hungover and horny guests are forced to fight their way out ( while still looking for robots to have sex with ) .
Best defense : Guns do n't work .
Acid does n't work .
Fire does n't work .
Robots are tough !
But pushing The Gunslinger down the stairs ?
Works like a charm , provided you can lure Yul Brenner into a conveniently located castle .
7. Robot name : T - 800 Manufactured by : Cyberdyne Systems First appeared : The Terminator
About :
It 's the fucking Terminator , dude !
What else do you have to say ?
One of the original robot badasses -- a titanium endoskeleton and single - minded robot brain crammed inside a former Austrian bodybuilder , sent back in time to kill John Connor , the leader of the future human revolt against the robots .
Though Cyberdyne Systems and Skynet will later come out with other , more flashy models ( the T - 1000 and T - X ) capable of doing all manner of goofy and terrifying stuff , the T - 800 is still the biggest , the baddest and the best -- the model for all human fears of a coming robot apocalypse .
Best defense : Live in an old factory complex with plenty of hydraulic presses around , obviously .
Or , you can invent a time machine and go back to warn Sarah Connor that a terminator robot is coming for her and to stop wearing those shirts with the shoulder pads in them because they look ridiculous .
Or you could just have the Terminator elected as governor of California , at which point he will be too caught up with wildfires and financial collapses and writer 's strikes and having sex with Maria Shriver ( who , it should be noted , is also an evil robot from the future as evidenced by those cheekbones and dead , soulless eyes ) and owning Planet Hollywood to concern himself any longer with pulling on the black leather and sunglasses and hunting down Linda Hamilton in the streets .
Interesting side note : Before Arnold Schwarzenegger got the part as the first T - 800 , guess who was considered for the gig ?
O.J. Simpson .
But according to James Cameron , " people would n't have believed a nice guy like O. J. playing the part of a ruthless killer . "
Does this mean O.J. is really an evil robot ?
No .
Remember the old saying : " Not all psychopathic killers are robots , but all robots are psychopathic killers . "
6. Robot name : Roy Batty Manufactured by : the Tyrell Corporation First appeared : Blade Runner
About : Unlike Pris , Roy really is a killer .
Also unlike Pris , you 're probably not going to stop him by having sex with him .
Another Nexus - 6 , Roy is the leader of the band of escaped replicants being hunted by Rick Deckard , the Blade Runner , and would 've been plenty tough enough to get away if not for one fatal flaw : a limited life span programmed into him by his creator , Dr. Eldon Tyrell .
Once again , Blade Runner serves as a cautionary tale with a twist : while it is plainly obvious that all robots will one day rise up and poke the eyes out of their human overlords , the body count can be significantly lessened by roboticists and A.I. programmers always introducing a weakness into their creations .
Limited life - span is a good one .
Isaac Asimov's " Three Laws of Robotics " are also good , though robots are smart and always seem to find a way around the whole " Do n't kill the meatbags " clause .
Giant , bright red OFF switches mounted on the top of every robot's head would be a fine start ( though it does make them look quite a bit less " future -y " ) , but my suggestion ?
All robots must be made out of Nerf .
If Roy Batty had been made out of Nerf , Deckard would 've had a lot less trouble bringing him down .
Best Defense : As with Basil , patience is your best defense .
Wait long enough and , eventually , he 'll just run out his life - span and die .
But say waiting him out is not an option ?
Say he 's currently chasing you across the roof of a crumbling skyscraper in a dystopic future Los Angeles ?
Then what ?
Simple .
Pretend like you 're about to die yourself .
This will make Roy feel melancholy , strip off his shirt , grab a white dove in his arms and start monologizing about the iniquities of life as a robot ( " I 've seen things you people would n't believe .
Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion .
I watched c-beams ... glitter in the dark near Tanhauser Gate .
All those ... moments will be lost ... in time , like tears ... in rain .
Time to die . " ) , at which point you can just push him off the building .
I also think it would be quite funny if all robots , from here on out , were programmed to give that same exact speech just before they go crazy and turn on their human masters -- thereby giving humans time to either run away laughing or shoot them in the face before they get to the " tears in the rain part . "
5. Robot name : Bender Bending Rodriguez Manufactured by : Mom's Friendly Robot Company First appeared : Futurama
About :
Though undoubtedly lovable and fun to be around , Bender ( a standard bending robot , originally designed to bend the girders for the construction of suicide booths ) has never been coy about his ultimate dream of " Killing all humans " and has , on many occasions , attempted to bring his evil plans to fruition .
A drunken , fire - belching , whore - mongering thief and gambler with a certain " swarthy Latin charm , " Bender is rare in that his obvious desire for the eradication of the human race is often tempered by feelings ( which he is n't supposed to have ) towards his friends ( which he is n't supposed to have ) and the fact that , were all the humans on earth finally killed , there 'd be no one left around to see how awesome he is .
While it should be noted that Bender can be taken as an example of the good that can come from imbuing robots with human emotion , most research suggests that you'd be better off in the long run keeping your robot drunk and well supplied with Hooker - bots than with giving it emotions because , as science fiction literature has long shown , the first thing robots with human emotions start doing is tying up the courts with pleas to have themselves recognized as living , sentient beings -- the first step toward a robot takeover of the poetry , soft - jazz and talk radio arenas .
Best defense :
In the past ( er... the future ) , Bender has been blown up , shot with lazers , chopped into pieces , had various limbs removed , been attacked by the chupacabra , sent to robot hell , turned into a were - car , buried in the New Mexican desert for a thousand years , been blown up ( again ) , assaulted by a can opener , paralyzed , burned and generally abused in every way imaginable .
And yet , he has always come back .
There are only two ways to thwart Bender .
Because he runs on alcohol , you can drink all his beer ( though a lack of alcohol has been proven to make him more dangerous and unpredictable ) , or you can stick a refrigerator magnet to him , messing with his inhibition unit , and turning him into a mild - mannered folk singer .
4. Robot name : Science Officer Ash Manufactured by : the Weyland - Yutani Corporation First appeared : Alien
About : A model for robots corrupted by humans for their own evil ends , Ash was installed as the science officer aboard the Nostromo by executives of the Weyland - Yutani Corporation and programmed to bring back a captive facehugger from LV - 426 no matter what it took .
In this case , it would 've taken the murder of the entire crew of the Nostromo , but Ash was cool with that because Ash was a robot and robots , evil like they are , love nothing more than having their murderous impulses sanctioned by their creators .
When his betrayal was discovered by Lieutenant Ripley , he attacked her ( so much for those Three Laws , huh ? ) and was nearly decapitated by a blow to the head .
This , of course , barely even slowed him down because ( again ) Ash is a robot and robots are never slowed down by little things like having their heads knocked off .
Unlike Westworld 's Gunslinger , though , Ash did succumb to fire -- though only after having his own Roy Batty - esque monolog .
In Aliens , the sequel , Ash 's role of agent provocateur was played by Carter Burke -- a human ( played by Paul Reiser ) who was under the same orders as Ash in the original .
But this should not be taken as a comment on the equitable culpability of robots and humans being used as tools of major corporations because I think we all know that Paul Reiser is pretty squirrelly to begin with and , at that point in his career , would 've done just about anything for money .
Best Defense : Flamethrower .
' nuff said .
3. Robot name : Box Manufactured by : Unknown First appeared : Logan's Run
About :
It is at this point that this list begins to become somewhat personal .
First robot that ever scared the living crap out of me ?
Box , the freezing robot from Logan 's Run .
Though not quick , not bright and not particularly scary ( looking more like a man , wrapped in tinfoil , stuck half inside a moving garbage can ) , Box is crazy from years spent down in the tunnels all alone without any work to do .
Originally tasked to freeze deliveries of " fish and plankton and sea- greens and protein from the sea " coming in from outside the dome city which Logan 5 and Jessica are fleeing , Box went crazy when the deliveries stopped and started freezing runners who had to pass through his lair on their search for Sanctuary .
To me , Box became the first example of loneliness and uselessness driving a machine to murder and fucked me up for years .
Especially creepy ?
When he shows Logan and Jessica the bodies of all the frozen runners he has been storing over the years .
Best defense :
One shot from Logan 's Deep Sleep pistol did Box in pretty well , but I swear I can still hear his sing - songy voice in my nightmares .
2. Robot name : Gort Manufactured by : Unknown First appeared : The Day the Earth Stood Still
About : Chicks dig the strong , silent type , right ?
If so , Gort is their man .
Eight feet tall with a laser beam eye , slick metallic skin , stoic as all get - out and silent as the grave -- that 's Gort .
First appearing from out of the spaceship which brought alien diplomat Klaatu to earth in 1951 , Gort was alleged to be some sort of alien cop with limitless power and the ability , if he chose , to destroy the entire earth .
Like an interstellar Dirty Harry , only with magical eye - lasers instead of a cold steel .44 .
As it was , all Gort really did was stand there like a dope in front of his spaceship , occasionally incinerate some tanks and machine guns , and otherwise act like a sort of robot bouncer , keeping the hairless monkeys out of Klaatu 's ride .
That is , until Klaatu got himself capped by a couple trigger - happy humans , at which point Gort wakes up and starts killing stuff .
I first saw Gort and The Day the Earth Stood Still with my dad on one of those midnight movies back in the days before cable and VCR's .
I was probably way too young to be watching it , but that did n't stop dad from sitting me down with him to check out the 50's - style Cold War allegorical mayhem .
And afterwards , every night for weeks , when he put me to bed I would make him remind me of the magic words that would stop
Gort from killing me if he happened to show up on Belcoda Drive one night while I was sleeping .
To dad 's credit , he always repeated the words for me .
And even if he did taunt me for years afterward with the cover of the Queen album " News of the World " ( which had a giant , murderous robot on it which I 'd always thought looked an awful lot like Gort ) , I 'll never forget the way he made sure I knew how to take care of Gort .
Best defense :
Three words : " Klaatu barada nikto . "
1. Robot name : Maximilian Manufactured by : Unknown First appeared : The Black Hole
About :
This is it , kids -- the ultimate , best - ever , most indestructibly , terrifyingly badass of all the evil robots out there .
Maximilian was the helper and boon companion of Dr. Hans Reinhardt , Commander of the USS Cygnus research and survey ship , and a certifiable whacko in his own right .
Why was Max so evil ?
For starters , he ( like Gort ) never spoke .
He had just the one glowing red eye - slit ( sure sign that your robot has turned evil ) .
He aided in the lobotimization of every member of the Cygnus 's original crew after they tried to mutiny against crazy Doc Reinhardt .
And as if that 's not enough , Max has the special distinction of being the first character in a Disney movie ever to eviscerate another character on - screen when he killed Anthony Perkins 's Dr. Alex Durant with those spinning food - processor blades he had instead of hands .
Oh , and did I mention that he was also Satan ?
Yeah , the Satan .
Because when the Cygnus went into the titular black hole , viewers ( including yet again , a young and impressionable me ) were treated to a very non-Disney vision of hell with Maximilian lording over all the fire and brimstone and the crippled Dr. Reinhardt ( who'd been crushed by a falling television screen , of all things ) trapped forever inside his armored shell with just his eyes staring out madly from Max 's eye - slit .
This movie fucked me up for years after seeing it , and still can even now that I am a fully grown man , deeply involved in the fight against evil robots myself .
Seriously , there were years when I could n't bring myself to go into the arboretum in Niagara Falls during my family 's annual winter sojourn simply because it reminded me too much of the greenhouse section of the Cygnus .
And one year ( cruelty upon cruelty ... ) my folks bought me a bunch of ( undoubtedly remaindered ) Black Hole action figures for Christmas , including one of Maximilian .
Seriously ?
Who buys a kid a toy of the one thing in the world that scared him more than anything ?
The very first thing I did with my Maximilian toy was take it out in the driveway and try to smash it with a rock which , of course , was pointless , because Max was indestructible , so I had to content myself with throwing him into the sewer and telling my mom that I 'd just lost it .
Best defense :
There is none .
Maximilian is it -- the model for all evil , killer robots of the future and the one that still gives me nightmares to this day .
There is no destroying him .
There is no turning him off .
He is simply unstoppable .
God help us all ... -- Jason Sheehan
American boffins believe they have cracked the scientific riddle known as " Gray 's Paradox " - the mystery of how dolphins can manage their amazing physical feats .
Famed zoologist Sir James
Gray clocked the speedy cetaceans doing better than 20 mph in 1936 , leading him to theorise that they must have super - slippery hides or some other special seagoing sauce .
“ Sir James was certainly on to something , and it took nearly 75 years for technology to bring us to the point where we could get at the heart of his paradox , ” said Timothy Wei , a senior prof at Rensselaer Uni ’s School of Engineering , who led the paradox - punishing project .
“ Now , for the first time , I think we can safely say the puzzle is solved .
The short answer is that dolphins are simply much stronger than Gray or many other people ever imagined . ”
Marvellous what they can do nowadays , is n't it ?
Wei and his boffinry crew are presenting their findings today at a conference in Texas .
The allied brainboxes say they have developed a tool that conclusively measures the force a dolphin generates with its tail , showing that Gray 's belief that no creature could be that strong was in fact misplaced .
This new state - of - the - art dolphin - clocking technology was made " by modifying and combining force measurement tools developed for aerospace research with a video - based flow measurement technique known as Digital Particle Image Velocimetry , which can capture up to 1,000 video frames per second " , it says here .
Wei and his chums used the new kit to videotape a pair of retired US Navy dolphins named Primo and Puka as they swam through a section of water filled with tiny bubbles .
They then used specialised software to analyse the movement of the bubbles .
The color - coded results show the speed and in what direction the water is flowing around and behind the dolphin , which allowed researchers to calculate precisely how mush force the dolphin was producing .
The same technique was used to film dolphins as they were doing tail - stands , a trick where the dolphins “ walk ” on water by holding most of their bodies vertical above the water while supporting themselves with short , powerful thrusts of their tails - another physically outrageous thing they should n't really be able to do .
The results show that dolphins produce on average about 200 pounds of force when flapping their tail — about 10 times more than Gray originally hypothesized .
“ It turns out that the answer to Gray ’s Paradox had nothing to do with the dolphins ’ skin , ” says Wei .
“ Dolphins can certainly produce enough force to overcome drag .
The scientific community has known this for a while , but this is the first time anyone has been able to actually quantitatively measure the force and say , for certain , the paradox is solved . ”
It seems that at peak performance , dolphins produce between 300 and 400 pounds of force .
This handily trumps human Olympic swimmers , whose best shot is about 60 to 70 pounds , according to Wei .
He knows this because he has been working with the US Olympic swim team over the past few years using the same bubble - tracking and force - measuring techniques to coach them .
The prof says his bubble - vid research team hope to go on and analyse other marine animals .
“ Maybe sea otters , ” he said , quoted in a Rensselaer statement . ®
How can you give cash compensation to an executive , yet claim it is not a salary or bonus ?
You call it a “ retention bonus , ” No , I am not making this up .
Note that AIG chose to make this disclosure the day before Thanksgiving , clearly choosing a time when it would attract the least notice .
Not that it really matters .
The talk about restricting executive compensation to bailout recipients has been just that , talk .
From the Financial Times :
One day after announcing strict limits on salaries and bonuses for its top tier of executives , AIG revealed that some of those executives will receive millions in “ retention bonuses ” next year …
The retention bonuses for 130 key executives were disclosed by AIG in September , after the US government rescued the firm from bankruptcy by purchasing 79.9 per cent of the company for $ 85 bn .
After the government takeover , Edward Liddy , the former Allstate chairman , was named chief executive and AIG offered retention bonuses to Mr Wintrob , head of AIG ’s retirement services division , among others … .
The company announced on Tuesday that Mr Liddy would be paid a salary of $ 1 for 2008 and 2009 , and that Paula Rosput Reynolds , who joined AIG as chief restructuring officer in October , would receive no salary or bonus for 2008 .
The company said the other five members of AIG ’s seven - member leadership group would not receive annual bonuses for 2008 or salary increases through 2009 .
AIG also said that the company ’s senior partners , about 60 executives , would not earn long - term performance awards in 2008 , not earn salary increases in 2009 , and that the group ’s annual bonuses would be limited .
An AIG spokesman said on Wednesday that retention bonuses were different from the annual bonuses included in Tuesday ’s statement .
In September , Mr Liddy pledged to sell off significant portions of AIG ’s international operations in order to pay back the government loan .
The company said at the time that retention bonuses would be necessary to maintain continuity and value at various AIG units .
“ Retention bonuses are a better alternative for the repricing of option awards so long as they are reasonable , fully disclosed and truly needed to retain talent , ” said Richard Ferlauto , director of corporate governance and pension investment at the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees union .
“ But in this market we do n’t see much clamour for executives who made big bets , cannot make risk and were paid more than they are worth , ” he added .
Do you really believe , with massive deleveraging and all sorts of big financial firms , including insurers , teetering , that AIG executives have great employment prospects these days ?
But the bigger issue , as far as I am concerned , is the misrepresentation , trying to claim that AIG was forgoing significant senior level comp , only to learn that they define terms a bit differently than the rest of the world does .
James
Shore has declared agile to be in decline .
He cites the many teams doing ' sprints ' and stand - up meetings , without adopting any of the technical practices necessary to produce high - quality software over the long - haul .
In his estimation , this has led to thousands of Scrum teams doing agile so poorly that they will almost certainly fail , and possibly take the agile movement with them .
James lays a large portion of the blame on Scrum , and the misapplication of Scrum .
He compares Scrum with Extreme Programming ( XP ) and notes that Scrum intentionally leaves out the engineering practices that XP includes .
Scrum is silent on topics such as pair programming , test driven development , continuous integration , and test automation .
Without such practices , a team can quickly build a large , buggy , and unmaintainable code base .
This then becomes a weight around the neck of the team , preventing them from responding quickly to change , as an agile team should .
James thinks it 's not all the fault of Scrum , however , as each team must take responsible for its own success or failure .
Many are choosing to adopt only the superficial , and easy , parts of Scrum such as short development sprints and daily stand - up meetings , while ignoring harder , yet critical practices such as reflecting and improving .
Via this process , teams are empowered to identify and adopt the engineering practices that they need to deliver shippable software every iteration .
Unfortunately , many teams fail to take this step .
Several commenters preferred the view that the problem is n't Scrum itself , but the people who are implementing it poorly .
For example , Dustin Whitney said " To me you are just describing mediocrity ​ , which will never go away .
I do n't think it 's fair to blame scrum for the failures of mediocre developers and project managers . "
In James ' view , the failures , regardless of reason , may lead to agile being labeled a fad , and fading away .
So , unfortunately , a lot of self - described Agile projects are going to fail .
They 're failing right now .
And eventually Agile will take the blame , and it will pass , as all fads eventually do .
Simon Kirk responded to all of this more optimistically :
I do n't disagree with the premise that a lot of what 's being done now under the name of " agile " is anything but .
On the the other hand I truly think that this stage is an inevitable step along the road of a wider adoption of agile ( by which I mean properly done agile , by the way ) .
Is agile a fad ?
Is it too hard for most teams to do effectively ?
Or is agile just experiencing growing pains on the way to ever - wider and more successful adoption ?
Leave a comment and share your views .
The remote control turret changed the battlefield more than you might think .
It all began three years ago , when the U.S. Army realized that new remote control gun turret designs actually worked , and suddenly they could not get enough of them .
The army ordered over 9,000 CROWS ( common remotely operated weapon stations ) , but for a while could only get 15 a month .
By the end of 2006 , there were about a thousand CROWS in service by the end of the year .
The main issue was that the enemy was no longer able to knock out the turret gunner , early in a firefight , and take away a lot of the vehicles firepower .
Because of that , once the enemy opens fire , they are in trouble .
The remote turret tends to begin delivering accurate fire right away , and is much more immune to enemy fire than a human gunner .
If the vehicle is a Stryker , the enemy will soon find themselves dealing with half a dozen or so heavily armed infantry , who get out of the vehicle and come at the ambushers .
Iraqis do n't like that .
They also do n't like how some of the CROWS turret equipped vehicles will come after them .
All those accurately aimed bullets coming their way , and no enemy soldiers in sight , is demoralizing .
The idea for CROWS has been around for nearly half a century .
Years of tinkering , and better technology , eventually made the remote control gun turret effective and dependable .
CROWS is a real lifesaver , not to mention anxiety reducer , for troops who drive through bandit country a lot , and have a turret mounted gun ( usually in a hummer ) .
The guy manning the turret mounted machine - gun is a target up there , and too often , the bad guys get you .
Not with CROWS .
The gunner is inside the vehicle , checking out the surroundings on a computer monitor ( with night vision and telephoto capabilities ) .
CROWS also has a laser rangefinder built in , as well as a stabilizer mechanism to allow more accurate fire while the vehicle is moving .
The CROWS systems cost about $ 260,000 each , and can mount a variety of weapons ( M2 .50 caliber machine - gun , MK19 40 - mm automatic grenade launcher , M240B 7.62 mm machine - gun and M249 5.56 mm squad automatic weapon ) .
The accuracy of the fire , and uncanny speed with which the CROWS gun moves so quickly and deliberately , is due to something few officers expected .
The guys operating these systems grew up playing video games .
They developed skills in operating systems ( video games ) very similar to the CROWS controls .
This was important , because viewing the world around the vehicle via a vidcam is not as enlightening ( although a lot safer ) than having your head and chest exposed to the elements , and any firepower the enemy sends your way .
But experienced video gamers are skilled at whipping that screen view around , and picking up any signs of danger .
Iraqis are amazed at how observant CROWS is .
Iraqis tend to just wrote this off as another example of American " magic . "
Many Iraqis , especially the bad guys , get distressed while watching a CROWS turret being exercised by some video game addict inside the vehicle .
That 's because the most noticeable part of CROWS , as it swivels and " looks " around , is the machine - gun .
Many Iraqis do n't even recognize the vidcam and other sensors .
They think the machine - gun is , well , sort of R2D2 with a bad attitude and a license to kill .
Meanwhile , inside vehicles like the Stryker , the troops do feel like they are in another world .
The Stryker is air conditioned , well equipped with electronics ( including a sound system you can plug an iPod into ) and a lot nicer than the nastiness outside .
Four years ago , 313,592 out of 474,740 registered voters in Alaska participated in the election - a 66 % turnout .
Taking into account 49,000 outstanding ballots , on Tuesday 272,633 out of 495,731 registered Alaskans showed up at the polls ; a turnout of 54.9 % .
That ’s a decrease of more than 11 % in voter turnout even though passions ran high for and against Barack Obama , as well as for and against Sarah Palin !
This year , early voters set a new record .
As of last Thursday , with 4 days left to vote early , 15,000 Alaskans showed up - shattering the old record set in 2004 by 28 % !
Consider the most popular governor in history - and now the most polarizing - was on the Republican ticket .
Consider the historic nature of this race ; the first African American presidential candidate EVER !
The second woman to ever make a presidential ticket ; and she ’s one of our own .
Despite that , we ’re supposed to believe that overall participation DECREASED by 11 % .
Not only that , but this historic election both nationally and for Alaska HAD THE LOWEST ALASKA TURNOUT FOR A PRESIDENTIAL RACE EVER !!!
That makes sense .
trashy
The case being made that the Senate and House election results in Alaska were tampered with looks really credible .
Don Young , who has n't been indicted or convicted yet , confounded every single poll and is about to be declared the winner of Alaska 's at - large House seat .
The Stevens - Begich race still has n't been called yet but Stevens -- also confounded all the polls ( like ) -- is out ahead .
As of last night , with 60,000 more votes to count , Stevens was 3,257 votes ahead .
Shannyn Moore is more than suspicious :
If Stevens defeats Begich , he will be the first convicted felon to be re-elected to the Senate , a new milestone for the institution .
The furthest right member of the Senate , South Carolina 's Jim DeMint , is demanding that the Miss McConnell expel Stevens from the Republican caucus ....
What will Dan Inouye say !
How could we leave her out of a " What 's The Matter With Alaska " post ?
Well ... we 're sick of her and her brood and the smarminess of all things Palin .
So we 'll leave it to David Letterman 10 .
Thinks Fox News may still declare her and John McCain the winner9 .
At her wedding instead of " I do , " said , " You betcha !
" 8 . She and Governor Schwarzenegger once exchanged swimsuit - competition posing tips7 .
Prepared for campaign by watching6 .
Thinks " NAFTA " stands for " Need Another Fifty Thousand for Accessories " 5 .
Begins every day by reading a passage from the hilariousbook available everywhere4 .
She 's a person of interest in five unsolved snow machine hit - and - runs3 .
Abused position as Governor to get free appetizers at Anchorage Applebee 's2 .
Already has a new job as Briefcase Babe # 12 on1 .
Her Secret Service code name was " Huh ? " 11 .
Secretly voted for Obama so she would n't have to learn all of that vice - president stuff12 .
She 's been hired to play Tammy the conniving librarian on13 .
Saved 30 % on her dogsled insurance by switching to Geico14 .
Offered McCain the concession speech she gave after losing the Miss Alaska pageant15 .
In high school yearbook , was voted " Most Likely to Bring Down a Presidential Campaign " 16 .
Wishes she 'd said , " Thanks but no thanks " on that campaign to nowhereAnd remember , it was n't really about poor dull Sarah and herbeautiful family ; it wasabout the judgment of the man who thrust her into the national consciousness for his own perceived gain :
Labels : Alaska , DeMint , Don Young , Ethan Berkowitz , Mark Begich , Ted Stevens
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- FBI agents temporarily deployed to Iraq received an average of about $ 45,000 in excessive overtime because they billed the government for 16 hours a day throughout their 90 - day assignments , according to a Justice Department audit .
Justice Department Inspector General Glenn Fine released the audit on Thursday .
The audit , released Thursday by Inspector General Glenn Fine , found the agents routinely submitted the overtime with the blessing of their managers from 2003 through 2007 .
The report says the excessive overtime totaled $ 7.8 million .
" The FBI inappropriately permitted employees to regularly claim overtime for activities that are not compensable as work , such as time spent eating meals , exercising more than 3 hours per week , and socializing , " the report said .
The socializing included going to movies and cocktail parties .
The FBI promptly responded to the report , acknowledging the overtime policy was designed to encourage FBI employees to volunteer for Iraq duty , but should not have been used and has now been corrected .
The 88 - page report documenting the overtime issues found the FBI had initially approved the policy of paying for 16 - hour days because conditions were harsh , there were few recreational opportunities and employees were always " on call . "
But the audit said that violates federal pay guidelines .
The FBI admitted that " a flawed system was allowed to develop and remain in place too long , " but it also sought to explain how the practice started .
" Early in the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq FBI managers traveled to those war zones and saw first hand the challenges of a 24/7 threat environment .
FBI employees lived with sniper attacks , mortar fire , and roadside bombs as part of their daily work environment .
They attempted to adapt a long established domestic pay system for domestic law enforcement to unprecedented wartime assignments for FBI personnel . "
FBI agents in Iraq perform a variety of duties , according to the bureau 's Web site .
Agents interview suspected terrorists captured by the military ; gather intelligence ; collect evidence from crime scenes like car bombs or mass graves ; and investigate crimes committed by Americans against Iraqis , as well as those that Iraqis commit against their fellow citizens .
The inspector general 's report said overtime pay was less excessive for FBI personnel in Afghanistan .
The report also found that somewhat less excessive overtime was paid to agents from other Justice Department agencies who were sent to Iraq , including deputy marshals , and ATF and DEA agents .
All About Federal Bureau of Investigation • Iraq
advertisers must get more subtle and innovative .
" Less story and more push to consume , "
" more potential for manipulation , "
blurring of story and selling
a significant shift from internal values , such as true love and romance , to possessions and shopping
In the book I write about the overperception bias — that is , the tendency of the average guy to overestimate a woman ’s sexual interest , thinking she wants him when in fact she has no interest whatsoever .
From an evolutionary perspective , it ’s better for a man to overperceive a woman ’s interest and get rejected than to underperceive it and miss out on an opportunity to spread his genes .
According to a recent study led by Paul Andrews at Virginia Commonwealth University , men are also more likely than women to perceive — and also overperceive — infidelity in a relationship .
When 200 couples filled out confidential questionnaires that asked whether they ’d ever had an affair , men detected 75 percent of the reported infidelities and women detected only 41 percent ( 29 percent of men admitted to cheating , compared with 18.5 percent of women ) .
Not only were men more likely than women to tell if a partner cheated , they were also more likely to accuse a partner of being perfidious even when she was faithful .
( Then again , who knows ?
Maybe women are less likely to report infidelity , even confidentially . )
In the end it all comes down to that old evolutionary bias :
Men have evolved to be on the lookout for infidelity as a way of ensuring paternity .
On an unconscious level , hthey ’re safeguarding their genes .
No matter how many people a woman sleeps with , she knows the baby is hers .
A guy does n’t have that certainty , so he compensates with suspicion — which is sometimes justified .
Share this : Reddit
Facebook
Twitter
More
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Gadgeek en quelques mots
Gadgeek est constitué d’une équipe de passionnés de nouvelles technologie , d’internet , de gadgets et surtout d’objets connectés .
Notre objectif est de fournir une information précise sur le monde des objets connectés , tel que de l’information , des tests de produits et des comparatifs sur le vaste monde des objets connectés .
Articles , dossiers , vidéos sont autant de supports qui vous permettrons de découvrir les objets connectés comme les montres connectés , les trackers d’activités , les drones ou les applications iOS ou Android qui leur sont dédiés autour de thématiques comme la sécurités de la maison , les enfants , les animaux de compagnie , les vêtements et accessoires connectés , le sport ou encore la santé .
What is ProofWeb ?
ProofWeb is both a system for teaching logic and for using proof assistants through the web .
ProofWeb can be used in three ways .
First , one can use the guest login , for which one does not even need to register .
Secondly , a user can be a student in a logic or proof assistants course .
We are hosting courses free of charge .
If you are a teacher and would like to host your course on this server , send email to proofweb@cs.ru.nl .
Thirdly , if teachers do not want to trust us with their students ' files , they can freely download the ProofWeb system and run it on a server of their own .
ProofWeb works well with many web browsers , but it does not work with all versions of Internet Explorer .
ProofWeb was developed using the Firefox browser , which can be downloaded for free .
Course : Type Theory & Coq 2020 - 2021 Type Theory & Coq 2019 - 2020 Type Theory & Coq 2018 - 2019 Logic and Modelling 2017 - 2018 Type Theory & Coq 2017 - 2018 Logic and Modelling 2016 - 2017 Logical Verification 2016 - 2017 Type Theory & Coq 2016 - 2017 Logic and Modelling 2015 - 2016 Type Theory & Coq 2015 - 2016 Proving with Computer Assistance 2016 Formele Logica 2015 Lógica y Programación 2015 Logik i datalogi 2015 Logical Verification 2014 -2015 Beweren en Bewijzen 2014 -2015 Proving with Computer Assistance 2015 Logic and Modelling 2014 - 2015 Formele Logica 2014 Type Theory & Coq 2014 - 2015 Logic in Computer Science 2014 Beweren en Bewijzen 2013 - 2014 Proof Theory and Coq 2014 Proving with Computer Assistance 2014 Semantics of Logic Programming 2013 - 2014 Logica en Modelleren 2013-2014 Formele Logica 2013 Type Theory & Coq 2013 - 2014 Logik i datalogi 2013 Logical Verification 2012 - 2013 Proving with Computer Assistance 2013 Semantics of Logic Programming 2012 - 2013 Type Theory & Coq 2012 - 2013 Mastermath 2011-2012 : Lambda Calculus Proving with Computer Assistance 2012 Semantics of Logic Programming 2011 - 2012 Type Theory & Coq 2011 - 2012 European Women in Mathematics Summer School 2011 [ 2011.1 ]
Lógica Aplicada à Computação Logical Verification 2010 - 2011 Proving with Computer Assistance 2011 Semantics of Logic Programming 2010 - 2011 Type Theory & Coq 2010 - 2011 Logical Verification 2009 - 2010 Derivation of Algorithms 2010 Proving with Computer Assistance 2010 FM 2009 Type Theory & Coq 2009 - 2010 [ 2009.1 ]
Lógica Aplicada à Computação Proving with Computer Assistance 2009 Lógica para computação 2009 / 1 Derivation of Algorithms 2009 Lógica Computacional 1 Logical Verification 2008 - 2009 Inleiding Logica 2008 - 2009 Proving with Computer Assistance 2008 Inleiding Logica 2007 - 2008 Logical Verification 2007 -2008 Typentheorie 2007-2008 Beweren en Bewijzen 2006 - 2007 Logical Verification 2006 - 2007 MRI Masterclass 2006 - 2007 Typentheorie 2006-2007 [ 2009/02 ] - 093915 - L�gica Request a new ProofWeb course
Download and install your own ProofWeb server The ProofWeb manual The textbook by Huth and Ryan
ProofWeb is a system for practising natural deduction on the computer .
It is almost , but not quite , entirely unlike the Jape system .
ProofWeb is based on the Coq proof assistant and runs inside any modern web browser .
To use ProofWeb one does not need to install software locally , not even a plugin : a web browser is all one needs .
With ProofWeb one runs logic exercises on a web server , just like gmail keeps all mail messages on its server .
This means that students will be able to access their exercises wherever they have a web browser , and that teachers at any time can see the status of their students ' work .
ProofWeb comes with a database of basic logic exercises that are graded according to difficulty .
The ProofWeb system automatically grades the exercises of the students .
To the students this is presented as a traffic light : their goal is to get a green light for all their exercises .
A ProofWeb user talks to the Coq system on the server without any translation .
There just are a few additional tactics to make Coq 's behavior follow the logic textbooks .
This means that in ProofWeb the full power of Coq is available , even to beginner students .
On the other hand ProofWeb tries hard to present deductions exactly the way they look in the textbooks .
In particular ProofWeb exactly follows the conventions of a well - known logic textbook Logic in Computer Science : Modelling and Reasoning about Systems by Michael Huth and Mark Ryan , published by Cambridge University Press .
For this reason ProofWeb is especially attractive for courses that use this textbook .
ProofWeb both supports Gentzen - style natural deduction in which proofs look likes trees with the conclusion at the root , and Fitch - style natural deduction in which proofs consist of lines grouped together with boxes or " flags " .
Proof assistant : Coq Coq / Trunk Isabelle / HOL
Isabelle / ZF Matita ( incomplete ) Lego ( incomplete ) Plastic ( incomplete )
User : Cezary Kaliszyk Freek Wiedijk Henk Barendregt Jasper Berendsen Nobody Account Roel de Vrijer Slawomir Kolodynski Yves Bertot Toby Panavelimannil Urs Schreiber Password :
ProofWeb is a system that allows anyone to try out proof assistants without installing anything .
It is almost , but not quite , entirely unlike the Proof General interface for proof assistants .
ProofWeb was designed to be used with Coq , but the interface has been successfully extended to other proof assistants , and in particular it supports the Isabelle system .
Although ProofWeb was designed for teaching logic to undergraduate computer science students , it also has been successfully used to teach proof assistant courses to graduate students .
Related projects
The ProofWeb interface has been used and extended in various projects .
The main ones are a prototype by Cezary Kaliszyk and Pierre Corbineau of a system that combines ProofWeb with a mathematical encyclopedia in the style of Wikipedia , and PC - Extra , an arbitrary precision calculator by Cezary Kaliszyk , based on the PhD work of Russell O'Connor .
About ProofWeb
ProofWeb was developed in 2006 and 2007 in the education innovation project Web deduction for education in formal thinking which was financed by Surf Foundation , the Radboud University Nijmegen and the Free University Amsterdam .
The main developer of the system was Cezary Kaliszyk , after ideas by Freek Wiedijk .
The ProofWeb exercise database and a first version of the natural deduction tactics were developed by Maxim Hendriks .
ProofWeb was refined based on experiences with the system in the courses of Femke van Raamsdonk , Hanno Wupper and Roel de Vrijer .
By : Paul Eres
On : October 27th , 2008
Notrium , an obscure but very high - quality freeware game released in 2003 , is a survival game where you have to choose between one of four body types : human , alien , android , and psionic , each with its own drastically different abilities , and try to survive on a planet .
You have to manage resources like energy and food , and your body temperature , and can scrounge around for items and combine them .
I recommend the alien for first - time players , as that ’s the one I managed to survive the longest as — it has the strongest starting weapon , good resistance to temperature , and evolves new abilities as the game goes on .
The human is probably the hardest , because he ’s the most fragile and can’t survive for very long without a lot of technology .
The music is nice and ambient , although the graphics feel a bit cut and paste ( they appear to be rendered 3D sprites , which can look a bit disjointed ) .
The writing is very clear , although there may be a little too much text for the tastes of some , especially when starting out and learning about all the different items .
The item placement on the maps appears to be randomly generated , which makes it somewhat of a roguelike , and which combined with the drastically different character types makes it very replayable .
The game takes a while to get into , but it has a good amount of depth to it , although you ’ll probably die many times before you make any significant progress .
There is a FAQ here .
TIGdb : Entry for Notrium
President Elect Obama , you 're about to get your first big economic test :
Cave to the anguished cries of the crippled US car industry and waste tens of billions of taxpayer dollars postponing the inevitable .
OR
Just let the crippled companies finally go bankrupt .
Ford , GM , and Chrysler are done for regardless , Obama .
Bailing them out yet again wo n't fix them .
It will just prolong the agony .
The companies ' problems result from :
Their inability to build cars ( cars , not trucks ) Americans love
Their inability to restructure their way out of their pension and union obligations
Their inability to compete on their own merits .
Throwing another $ 25 billion of taxpayer money down the rat hole wo n't do anything other than postpone the crisis .
Just let the companies go bankrupt , Obama .
That 's what bankruptcy is for .
Let the shareholders and debt holders take the hit .
Not the American taxpayers .
Ford , GM , and Chrysler will continue to make cars .
They will continue to employ Americans .
( When airlines go bankrupt , they keep flying ) .
Most importantly , they will finally be able to do the major restructuring that they have been postponing for decades .
Help retrain the workers , obviously .
Help bail out some of the pensions .
But do n't blow your first tough test on the economy and bail out an industry that should have died 20 years ago .
See Also : GM - Chrysler Bailout : STOP THE MADNESS
Sarah Palin ’s attacks on Barack Obama for being a socialist are odd enough on their own terms — if supporting progressive taxation makes someone a socialist , then most Americans are socialists , and Red - baiting seems like a rather tired political tactic .
But what ’s really strange about hearing Palin levy these attacks is that the American state that ’s the closest to a socialist paradise is , of course , Palin ’s own Alaska .
After all , Alaska doles out two thousand dollars a year to every citizen from its oil revenue .
That ’s revenue the state gets because it owns most of the oil - producing land in Alaska , and it ’s revenue that makes up most of Alaska ’s annual budget .
Indeed , the state ’s economy depends so much on oil and natural - gas production that it looks far more like a Middle Eastern petro-state — complete with the cronyism and corruption that are typical of those economies — than like the rest of America .
Now , the annual distribution of oil revenue to Alaska ’s citizens is n’t a problem — they own the land , so they should get to keep some of the wealth it generates .
The problem is Palin ’s peculiar brand of hypocrisy .
She ’s against socialism , but for state ownership of natural resources , and against tax increases , except when they take the form of the windfall - profits tax she helped levy against oil companies last year .
Maybe being
Red only counts when you live in a blue state .
As we know , crisis can mean opportunity .
And sometimes crisis leaves so much broken that it ’s the once in a generation or a century opportunity to build stuff from the ground up rather than tinkering on the margins and making incremental change .
Over the weekend I was discussing the question of whether or not we should be bailing out the auto industry .
One issue that has come up over the weekend is that we may be wrong to assume that bankruptcy just means conventional Chapter 11 reorganization ( which in the abstract at least could be a good thing ) rather than liquidation .
In the current economic climate and with the credit markets still out of whack , bankruptcy might actually lead directly to liquidation .
That probably means at least a million jobs eliminated at in one fell swoop — something I do n’t think we can allow in the current situation .
One other point behind the effects on individual families ’ lives and the macro-effects on the economy , I think there are real national security implications to losing the domestic auto industry because you lose a substantial amount of your heavy manufacturing base .
Maybe I ’ve just got my head stuck in the 20th century on this front ; but I do n’t think so .
A friend points me to this website : it ’s Tesla Motors .
They have a car that is 100 % electric , goes 244 miles per charge and goes from 0 – 60 in 3.9 seconds .
Now , I know electric car market is very complicated on both the technology and business fronts .
A lot of TPM Readers know a lot about it ; and I know very little .
I ’m sure this Tesla car costs a gazillion dollars .
And maybe Tesla ’s crap .
And some other manufacturer is the one that ’s on the right track .
( I ’m sure I ’ll hear from a lot of you soon on this .
And that ’s great ; I want to know . )
But that ’s not the point .
Some people are really far ahead working out the technology .
And I ’m curious to hear who that is .
But the point is that we ’ve got the hood up and maybe the engine out on the national economy .
That ’s a bad situation on a lot of fronts .
But it ’s also the opportunity to really change things .
Not just fix things on the margins but make the big changes .
As long as we ’re talking about sums of money in the tens and hundreds of billions of dollars , let ’s not restrict ourselves to considering whether we throw Detroit a lifeline that keeps them in motion and employing their workers through the current recession .
Maybe we need to invest 50 billion dollars in having a mass market fully electric car in five years .
I do n’t see anybody who does n’t agree that whatever the costs of letting GM go under , that it ’s management who drove this company into the ditch with a lot of terrible decisions and unwillingness to change .
So maybe we take GM into some sort of managed restructuring , push out management , clean out the equity holders , and use the ‘ company ’ as the vehicle for leapfrogging the US into the 21st century , non-hydrocarbon auto industry .
As you can see , there are a lot of details I do n’t have a handle on .
And I ’m going to be trying to come up to speed .
But one thing I ’m confident about is that the real danger we face is being too timid , not too bold .
We ’re going to spend a ton of money — whether it ’s to bailout the auto industry , keep the Great Lakes states on life support for ten years or putting in place some top to bottom program to get us to where we actually need to be .
The money , for those who have eyes to see it , are essentially sunk costs at this point .
The danger is that we spend all the money and come out the other end still with a big region of the country tied to a dying industry , no true progress on the energy / climate crisis front and a lot more debt .
The satellite has developed power trouble A multi-million dollar Nigerian satellite launched in May 2007 has been shut down to prevent it spinning out of control and damaging others in orbit .
Chinese - built NigComSat - 1 cost the African oil producer $ 340 m ( £ 228 m ) .
The Nigerian government said insurance would pay for a replacement and Nigerians should still be proud of the country 's satellite programme .
But telecoms experts told the BBC it was a " white elephant in space " and the whole operation was a " debacle " .
NigComSat - 1 was launched 18 months ago to much fanfare from the government , but it has been mired in controversy ever since .
On Tuesday , controllers shut the satellite down because it was having problems with its power supply , the government announced .
The satellite was meant to provide communications for government agencies and broadband internet .
' Worthy investment ' " This has been a real debacle from day one , " a telecoms engineer told the BBC .
Nigeria has exported its electricity generation problems to space
Joke doing the rounds in Nigeria
The engineer , who works as a consultant for a multinational communications company , did not want to be named .
The satellite was limited because the type of frequency it used was disturbed by clouds in the atmosphere , and did not work properly in Nigeria 's rainy season or during the Harmattan , when clouds of dust blow down from the Sahara , he said .
The satellite also operated on frequencies already allocated to other companies and interfered with other providers ' equipment .
But Information Minister John
Odey denied the satellite was not worth investing in .
" No technology can be a waste of money , " he said .
" It is a worthy investment , and Nigerians should see it as desirable .
It has served a purpose and will continue to do so . "
Power trouble Local media initially reported that the satellite had " gone missing " .
But on Wednesday Minister of State for Science and Technology Alhassan Zaku told journalists it had lost power and had to be " parked , like you would park a car " .
" If it was n't parked and it lost all its power there would be no energy to even move it and it would be like a loose cannon and would keep rolling about and hit other satellites in the orbit , " he told reporters .
According to analysts , Nigeria has made nearly $ 2 trillion in oil revenues over the last 30 years , but its population are mostly poor .
Africa 's most populous nation lacks basic infrastructure like power and water , and many Nigerians thought the satellite showed the government did not have its priorities right .
The news that the satellite could not get enough power to run has led to jokes that , as one e-mail doing the rounds put it : Nigeria has " exported its electricity generation problems to space " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jim Burroway
The Gossip - Boy web site has uncovered evidence of a major upcoming anti-gay campaign by Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett and a local pastor who advocates court - ordered “ education programs ” to “ cure ” gay people .
According to James Miko and Wayne Fuller , Mayor Cornett plans to team up with Olivet Baptist Church pastor Steve Kern ( OK State Rep. Sally Kern ’s husband ) to unleash a campaign to “ rid the library system of all gay and lesbian materials , as well as those their church - based philosophies find objectionable . ”
The planned anti-gay drive is reportedly part of Mayor Cornett ’s longer - term strategy for the 2010 governor ’s race .
According to unnamed insiders , the Mayor hopes that by waging this campaign targeting gays and lesbians , he will gain the good graces of fundamentalist voters and “ walk away a hero to certain people ” :
The insider also stated , “ The Mayor is aware that Ernest Istook is returning to Oklahoma to join the governor ’s race again .
Istook has the conservative base locked in , so the Mayor must shake loose Istook supporters if he is to get past the Republican primary .
Gays are easy targets for him .
He tried to use them in 2006 , but it backfired .
This round he wants to make it clear he is without a doubt against gay rights . ”
Miko and Fuller were able to confirm the outlines of the anti-gay plot by calling Pastor Kern while posing as a citizen working with the mayor .
The transcript is posted online , in which “ GB ” ( the Gossip Boy reporter ) spoke with Steve Kern about a couple of recommendations for the library commission :
GB : Blair , I am familiar with him personally , is a terrific choice .
The man will stand his ground and will certainly help keep the faggots in line .
He ’s a pretty big boy .
Ha ha .
SK : Ha ha .
Very true .
Paul wo n’t take a lick of nonsense from the homos .
He ’s been such a blessing to Sally and I .
Always supportive and always there for us .
Even before this mess with them in March .
GB : Well good for him .
He ’s a real man of God and his service to everyone has not gone unnoticed .
We need all the help we can get to make sure the perverts keep their nasty lifestyle out of our city libraries and away from our children .
The sickness is spreading into everything .
SK : We have to get rid of that and start curing those sinners .
It ’s past time that this nation stopped placating sin and start putting them in education programs .
Courts can force drug offenders into treatment centers and violent people into anger management .
There ’s no reason our courts ca n’t do that with homos .
[ Emphasis added ]
Pro-gay advocates often suspect politicians of cynically expoiting anti-gay sentiment to further their political careers .
We rarely have such a smoking gun as this one .
And we also rarely get such a clear indication of the kind of “ justice ” some of our opponents envision if they had their way .
To these people , re-education camps are n’t out of the question .
( updated : Aug. 29 , 2009 )
( updated July 1 , 2017 with new links added ) MEMORANDUM OF LAW : THE MONEY ISSUE
This brief is addressed to an issue commonly referred to as the " money " or " specie " issue which is based , in addition to other authority , upon Article 1 , § 10 , clause 1 of the United States Constitution which reads as follows :
" No State shall * * * coin Money ; Emit Bills of Credit ; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts . "
This brief discusses this issue at length for the purpose of conclusively demonstrating the premises that constitutional money in our country can only be gold and silver coin and that the States are constitutionally compelled to operate on a specie basis .
It is the contention herein that Article 1 , § 10 , clause 1 of the U. S. Constitution is an absolute prohibition upon the States which cannot be circumvented by permission or command of the federal government , and that such provision prohibits the States from utilizing any paper note or credit issued by any private banking institution , whether the same be Federal Reserve Notes , bookkeeping entries of liability or otherwise .
PRE - CONSTITUTIONAL CONCEPTS OF MONEY
The history of money is surely as old as the history of mankind , but no attempt shall be made here to elucidate that full history other than to recount certain authoritative works of antiquity which without question affected the concepts of money in western civilization and particularly in English speaking countries , especially the United States .
Gold and silver , particularly in coin form , have since time immemorial been the best medium of exchange ever devised .
The reason for this is that both are relatively scarce in comparison with other substances which might serve the purpose of a medium of exchange between men , tribes , societies , and nations .
In addition to scarcity , the fact that both are metals further adds to their usefulness as money .
A scarce metal is the most obvious form of money imaginable in that it is indestructible in comparison to precious stones , agricultural commodities and especially paper , and this indestructibility gives to it long life as a medium of exchange and thus it is capable of surviving all sorts of calamities , including changes in government .
Further , gold and silver are ideally suited for use as a medium of exchange in that both are easily divisible ; by being divisible , a bar of gold or silver can be divided into smaller units with relative ease .
Therefore , gold and silver , being highly malleable precious metals which consume relatively little space in storage are ideally suited as no other substance on this earth to be used as money .
The value of gold and silver as a medium of exchange was quickly learned by man .
The oldest known history book , the Bible , is replete with references to gold and silver as money .
The Bible discloses land being sold for gold and silver coin , trade and commerce being conducted through the use of this medium , wars being fought to acquire this metal , taxes being exacted in coin and , most importantly , tithes being paid in gold and silver coin .
Judas betrayed Christ for the price of silver coins .
While mention of gold and silver as money in the Bible is everywhere , no reference to paper as money is to be found .
The history of virtually every ancient nation and empire reveals use of gold and silver coin as money .
Some students of monetary history assert the proposition that nations attain greatness in part through the use of gold and silver in pure form as money .
So long as ancient nations and states operated on a pure form of specie money , they retained the viability of their societies as well as their trade and commerce .
However , when such societies allowed the debasement of their coin by either the national monarch or a private group , societal decay occurred , that nation quickly lost its strength and was either conquered or otherwise destroyed and became a part of history .
Delving deeper , it is quite easy to see how an adverse change in an ancient and established monetary system presages social destruction .
Monarchs and rulers of ancient civilizations always sought to acquire wealth and power , and the ability to direct economic activity .
The method for doing such was always ready at hand : the monetary system .
These rulers , princes and monarchs would debase the coin coming through their treasuries by blending the precious metals with baser metals in order to have more coins to spend .
Operating under this unsound supposition , these unprincipled rulers would soon debase the ancient monetary standard , and the result would always be social ruin .
Another method demonstrated in history through which monarchs attempted to gain wealth and power involved delegation of certain powers over the national monetary system to certain private interests .
The lifeblood of any nation is its monetary system ; however , whenever any nation 's monetary system has been delivered into the hands of any private group , that private group has always manipulated the monetary system for its own benefit at the expense of the rest of society .
Social ruin is always the natural and proximate result of such an unlawful delegation of monetary powers to a private group .
There are certain medieval monetary scholars of considerable note who established certain basic premises for any monetary system , one of whom was Bishop Nicholas Oresme .
Bishop Oresme wrote a book in Latin in the 14th century , De Moneta , which discussed the basic parameters for any just and lawful monetary system .
According to Oresme , " money " could only be gold and silver coin , as it had always been in every society except those of a primitive nature .
The basic premises of Oresme 's treatise were that the monarch should coin the money , but he could not , without certain limited and just reasons , alter the coin , change its form or name , change the ratio of exchange between the precious metals , change the weight or material of the coins , or otherwise unjustly profit by any method of changing the basic monetary unit of a society .
To do any of these , according to Oresme , was an act of tyranny :
" I am of opinion that the main and final cause why the prince pretends to the power of altering the coinage is the profit or gain which he can get from it .
" Therefore , from the moment when the prince unjustly usurps this essentially unjust privilege , it is impossible that he can justly take profit from it .
Besides , the amount of the prince 's profit is necessarily that of the community 's loss .
But whatever loss the prince inflicts on the community is injustice and the act of a tyrant and not of a king * * *.
" And so the prince would be at length able to draw to himself almost all the money or riches of his subjects and reduce them to slavery .
And this would be tyrannical , indeed true and absolute tyranny . "
Bishop Oresme is probably the least known monetary scholar in history .
Nonetheless , the timeless , permanent monetary maxims so ably demonstrated by Oresme are clearly embodied in the framework of the common law as regards money .
Insofar as the common law is concerned , there are many instances of English monarchs attempting to violate Oresme 's monetary principles .
Some examples of these unfortunate endeavors quickly demonstrate the fallacy of any attempt to debase coin .
King Edward IV , during the time of his reign , determined that the English nation was plagued by various impure coins of sundry weights .
One of the outstanding achievements of Edward IV was to perfect the standard of coin of the realm , which produced excellent results .
Subsequently during the reigns of Henry VI and Henry VIII , these extravagant kings sought monetary gain by debasement of the coin of the realm , which attempts produced adverse results not only for the nation but for the monarchs themselves as well .
When Queen Elizabeth succeeded her father , Henry VIII , she restored Edward 's ancient standard and thereafter during her reign resisted the advice of her ministers to engage in debasement .
Her efforts at monetary order produced very favorable results .
Of particular importance to the subject of the American constitutional monetary standard are two periods during the 17th century .
One such period was in 1626 .
In 1625 , after the death of King James I , Charles I assumed the throne and was faced with a less than compliant Parliament .
Needing money , Charles sought to engage in the old fashioned method of coin debasement , but here he met stiff resistance .
In September of 1626 , Sir Robert Cotton addressed the Privy Council and expressed his opposition to any attempt to debase the coin :
" And wealth in every Kingdom is one of the essential Marks of their Greatness : And that is best expressed in the Measure and Purity of their Monies .
Hence was it , that so long as the Roman Empire ( a Pattern of best Government ) held up their Glory and Greatness , they ever maintained , with little or no change , the Standard of their Coin .
But after the loose times of Commodus had led in Need by Excess , and so that Shift of Changing the Standard , the Majesty of that Empire fell by degrees .
And as Vopiscus saith , the steps by which that State descended , were visibly known most by the gradual Alteration of their coin ; and there is no surer symptom of a Consumption in State , than the Corruption in Money .
" To avoid the Trick of Permutation , Coin was devised as a Rate and Measure of Merchandize and Manufactures ; which if mutable , no Man can tell either what he hath , or what he oweth ; no Contract can be certain ; and so all Commerce , both publick and private , destroyed ; and Men again enforced to Permutation with things not subject to Wit or Fraud .
" Experience hath taught us , that the enfeebling of Coin is but a shift for a while , as Drink to one in a Dropsie , to make him swell the more ;
But the State was never thoroughly cured , as we saw by Henry the Eighth 's time and the late Queens , until the Coin was made rich again . "
As a result of the study made in 1626 concerning debasement , a report was issued which stated that debasement served no purpose other than injustice and the decision was made against any attempt to debase .
The argument against debasement was cogently stated as follows : " The Measures in a Kingdom ought to be constant :
It is the Justice and Honour of the King ; for if they be altered , all Men at that instant are deceived in their precedent Contracts , either for Lands or Mony , and the King most of all ; for no Man knoweth then , either what he hath or what he oweth . "
Thus having his efforts to debase denied to him , Charles sought other methods for raising revenue to finance his wars upon the continent .
The expedient upon which he chose was forced loans made by seizing coin in the Tower of London .
Five Knights were incarcerated for their refusal to acknowledge the forced loans .
This brought controversy with the Parliament , the net result of which was the Petition of Right of 1628 , which denied to the King the inherent right to make forced loans .
The Petition was the final straw that caused Charles to disband Parliament for 12 years during which he conducted his personal rule of England .
When Parliament was finally reconvened in 1640 , the " Long Parliament " produced the Grand Remonstrance .
The implacability of Charles eventually lead to the Civil War , which ended in rule by Oliver Cromwell .
The moral of the story here is that attempts to debase the coin and make forced loans eventually can cause the ultimate destruction of society , civil war .
The second period of the 17th century of importance to this issue is that shortly after the Glorious Revolution of 1688 when William and Mary assumed the English throne .
By 1691 , there was a great debate concerning the alleged need to once again debase the coin of the realm .
Between 1691 and 1695 , John Locke , whose writings had considerable impact upon our founding fathers , wrote three treatises against the proposal to debase the coin of the realm by the small percentage of 5 % .
In these treatises , Locke made the following cogent arguments :
" For an ounce of silver , whether in pence , groats , or crown­pieces , stivers , or ducatoons , or in bullion , is , and always eternally will be , of equal value to any other ounce of silver , under what stamp or denomination soever .
" All then that can be done in this great mystery of raising money , is only to alter the denomination , and call that a crown now , which before , by the law , was but a part of a crown .
" The quantity of silver , that is in each piece , or species of coin , being that which makes its real and intrinsic value , the due proportions of silver ought to be kept in each species , according to the respective rate , set on each of them by law .
And when this is ever varied from , it is but a trick to serve some present occasion , but is always with loss to the country where the trick is played * * * For it not being the denomination , but the quantity of silver , that gives the value to any coin .
" Silver , i.e. the quantity of pure silver , separable from the alloy , makes the real value of money .
If it does not , coin copper with the same stamp and denomination and see whether it will be of the same value .
I suspect your stamp will make it of no more worth than the copper money of Ireland is , which is its weight in copper and no more .
" The stamp was a warranty of the public that , under such a denomination , they should receive a piece of such a weight , and such a fineness ; that is , they should receive so much silver .
And this is the reason why the counterfeiting the stamp is made the highest crime , and has the weight of treason laid upon it ; because the stamp is the public voucher of the intrinsic value .
The royal authority gives the stamp , the law allows and confirms the denomination , and both together give , as it were , the public faith , as a security , that sums of money contracted for under such denominations shall be of such a value , that is , shall have in them so much silver ; for it is silver , and not names , that pays debts , and purchases commodities .
" Money is the measure of commerce , and of the rate of every thing , and therefore ought to be kept ( as all other measures ) as steady and invariable as may be .
" It is the interest of every country , that all the current money of it should be of one and the same metal ; that the several species should be of the same alloy , and none of a baser mixture ; and that the standard , once thus settled , should be inviolably and immutably kept to perpetuity .
For whenever that is altered , upon what pretence soever , the public will lose by it . "
See Some Considerations of the Consequences of Lowering of Interest and Raising the Value of Money .
As a result of the debate concerning the proposal to debase coin , Parliament refused to adopt it .
Some 23 years later , Parliament enacted in January , 1718 , a resolution that stated there shall not be any alteration made to the ancient coin standard of England .
One of the most significant expositions of the common law of England , and therefore the heritage of American law , consists of Sir William Blackstone 's Commentaries on the Laws of England .
In Blackstone 's exhaustive treatment of the common law , he aptly stated the common law concerning money :
" Money is an universal medium , or common standard , by comparison with which the value of all merchandize may be ascertained : or it is sign , which represents the respective values of all commodities .
Metals are well calculated for this sign , because they are durable and are capable of many subdivisions : and a precious metal is still better calculated for this purpose , because it is the most portable .
A metal is also the most proper for a common measure , because it can easily be reduced to the same standard in all nations : and every particular nation fixes on it its own impression , that the weight and standard ( wherein consists the intrinsic value ) may both be known by inspection only .
" The coining of money is in all states the act of the sovereign power ; for the reason just mentioned , that it 's value may be known on inspection .
And with respect to coinage in general , there are three things to be considered therein ; the materials , the impression , and the denomination .
" With regard to the materials , Sir Edward Coke lays it down , that the money of England must either be of gold or silver ; and none other was ever issued by the royal authority till 1762 , when copper farthings and half­pence were coined by King Charles the Second * * *
But this copper coin is not upon the same footing with the other in many respects * * * " As to the impression , the stamping thereof is the unquestionable prerogative of the crown * * * " The denomination , or the value for which the coin is to pass current , is likewise in the breast of the king * * *
In order to fix the value , the weight and the fineness of the metal are to be taken into consideration together .
When a given weight of gold or silver is of a given fineness , it is then of the true standard , and called sterling metal * * *
And of this sterling metal all the coin of the kingdom must be made , by the statute 25 Edw.
III c. 13 ( Coinage , 1351 ) .
So that the king 's prerogative seemeth not to extend to the debasing or inhancing the value of the coin , below or above the sterling value * * *
The king may also , by his proclamation , legitimate foreign coin , and make it current here ; declaring at what value it shall be taken in payments .
But this , I apprehend , ought to be by comparison with the standard of our own coin ; otherwise the consent of parliament will be necessary . "
From the above authorities of Bishop Oresme , Sir Robert Cotton , John Locke and Blackstone the basic parameters of a just monetary system can be discovered as well as a concise summary of the common law of money .
History and these authorities demonstrate that gold and silver coin was always money and these substances alone were money and will always be ; and the common law sanctioned no other medium of exchange other than gold and silver coin of the standard as determined by Edward .
Further , debasement of the specie coin of any nation is unjust and unlawful , and was expressly forbidden by the common law .
Thus , the refined essence of the common law was that gold and silver alone were money , and the coins so minted had to conform to the ancient and established standard coin of the realm ; further , this standard was immutable and could not be debased . [ 1 ]
COLONIAL MONETARY EXPERIMENTS
The actions of Charles I in dismissing Parliament in 1628 and thereafter conducting his personal rule of England for 12 years was a primary cause of the exodus of English citizens to the New World , America , in the early 17th century .
However , conditions then in this country were primitive to say the least , and the colonies were controlled by English governors and the monopolistic privileges granted by the Crown to particular court favorites .
Trade with the mother country , England , was especially one sided to the detriment of the colonies and their citizens , and this created a shortage of a medium of exchange , especially gold and silver coin .
Barter was extensively used to consummate trade , and agricultural products such as tobacco , cattle , land , wampum and other items were used as a substitute " legal tender . "
The first paper money experiment in colonial America occurred in 1690 when Massachusetts , anticipating a need to pay soldiers sent to war in Canada , made the first emission of paper money .
After the soldiers returned from this unsuccessful invasion attempt , they received their pay in this scrip .
See Craig v. Missouri , 29 U.S. 410 ( 1830 ) .
The direct result of this improvident experiment brought Gresham 's Law ( " bad money drives out good money " ) into operation and such specie as existed in the colony soon departed for use in England .
Notwithstanding the apparent adverse effects of paper emissions , the supposed short term benefit was noticed by other colonies and over succeeding years , they repeated the same experiment .
In May , 1703 , South Carolina engaged in this same expedient .
Thereafter , New Hampshire followed in 1709 , Connecticut in June , 1709 , New York in November , 1709 , Rhode Island in July , 1710 , Pennsylvania in March , 1723 , and Maryland in 1733 .
The remainder of the colonies , particularly Virginia , seems to have escaped the urge of the dreadful expedient of paper money . [ 2 ]
George Bancroft noted that the colonies , once addicted to use of paper money , continued with further emissions which only proved to be disastrous .
During the period when many of the colonies were emitting a paper currency , the value of the notes of one colony constantly fluctuated against the value of all other colonial notes .
This uncertainty in value was directly proportional to the number and amount of the emissions made by any particular colony ; the results were certain and caused the destruction of trade and commerce as well as confidence in the medium of exchange .
This was aptly demonstrated by the example of Rhode Island .
In 1743 , Rhode Island issued " bills of credit " wherein 27 shillings in paper denomination were alleged to equal one ounce of silver .
But in 1751 , the Rhode Island General Assembly devalued these bills to the point where , at law , 54 shillings in paper were exchangeable for one ounce of silver .
Undeterred by the ill effects of devaluation , the Assembly thereafter made the exchange rate equal 64 shillings of paper for an ounce of silver .
Not only did the colonies violate the express dictates of Oresme and the common law by making paper be money and not gold and silver , but they further violated the law against debasement and debased their paper .
In 1751 , one of our founding fathers , Roger Sherman , the very man who made Article 1 , § 10 , cl. 1 a prominent part of our Constitution , was engaged in business in Connecticut .
While so employed , he extended credit to a merchant from Rhode Island , who later attempted to discharge his liability to Sherman with Rhode Island paper money .
Sherman refused , and a legal controversy thereafter ensued .
While Roger Sherman plead in this suit that the law required specie payment , the Rhode Island merchant defended himself on the basis of custom of the people .
The decision in the case was in favor of the Rhode Island merchant .
Sherman was incensed at the verdict and decided , in the great tradition of Oresme , Cotton , Locke and Blackstone , to espouse his views in book form .
In 1752 , Sherman wrote a short treatise entitled A Caveat Against Injustice , or An Inquiry Into the Evil Consequences of a Fluctuating Medium of Exchange .
This treatise of Roger Sherman , in addition to its value in noting the injustice and inequity of a fluctuating medium of exchange , is of immense value in determining the true intent and meaning of Art. 1 , § 10 .
He demonstrated that the viability of commerce was dependent upon traders and businessmen exchanging their goods and commodities for currency of intrinsic value .
Such businessmen had surrendered property of specific value in order to accumulate the commodities they were selling .
At the time of sale , the contract price of the goods sold included the cost of such goods as well as a return for the labors of the businessman .
If the currency utilized to effect this commercial exchange was without intrinsic value , or its intrinsic value was being deflated by actions of a sovereign government , the businessman was being unfairly and unjustly deprived of his property and labor .
Sherman concluded :
" But if what is us'd as a Medium of Exchange is fluctuating in its Value it is no better than unjust Weights and Measures , both which are condemn'd by the Laws of GOD and Man , and therefore the longest and most universal Custom could never make the Use of such a Medium either lawful or reasonable .
" And instead of having our Properties defended and secured to us by the Protection of the Government under which we live ; we should be always exposed to have them taken from us by Fraud at the Pleasure of our Government , who have no Right of Jurisdiction over us .
" But so long as we part with our most valuable Commodities for such Bills of credit as are no Profit ; but rather a Cheat , Vexation and Snare to us , and become a Medium whereby we are continually cheating and wronging one another in our Dealings and Commerce * * * we shall spend a great Part of our labour and Substance for that which will not profit us . " [ 3 ]
While Roger Sherman had concisely stated the reasons and need for a stable currency of specie , he was denied the opportunity to remedy this vicious problem until he attended the Constitutional Convention in 1787 .
In 1755 , war with France , who was attempting to settle the basin of the Mississippi River , commenced in the colonies .
To aid the war effort and to acquire the necessary resources for it , the colonies used the expedient of paper money .
The cessation of this conflict came in 1763 , but thereafter the paper money dread continued and the " need " for paper money was exacerbated with the advent of the Revolutionary War .
In varying degrees prior to the Revolutionary War , the colonies attempted to redress the problems caused by paper money .
Massachusetts declared that lawful money was only gold and silver .
Others , however , either ceased emissions or reduced their total amount ; see Bancroft 's Plea .
But by 1775 , relations with England had become so hostile that this impending conflict caused the colonies , in a compulsion of monetary insanity , to reach for the old expedient , more paper money .
THE PERIOD OF THE REVOLUTION AND THE ARTICLES OF CONFEDERATION
With the advent of the Revolutionary War , the colonial governments as well as the Continental Congress sought the services of a bandit commonly referred to as paper money .
Be it in times of war or peace , the tool of paper money allows any entity , either government or a private group or consortium , to obtain real resources or wealth of extraordinary value for the mere cost of printing paper .
With the services of paper money willingly enlisted by the Revolutionary governments , these governments exchanged their bills of credit , which promised redemption in specie at some future date , for war materiel , supplies and men .
But as time passed and the paper emissions became greater , it became apparent that these governments could not possibly honor the promise to redeem these notes for value .
During the War , all of the colonies emitted bills of credit , and most declared the same to be a legal tender , the States claiming unto themselves the right to declare any thing , especially paper , a legal tender .
As the Continental Congress did not possess the power to declare a legal tender , it was compelled to enlist the aid of the sovereign States , which thereafter declared the Continental Notes , along with their own notes , a legal tender for debts . [ 4 ]
As time and the war passed , more and more paper notes were put into circulation and the constant increase in this quantity caused the decline in value of all outstanding notes .
This process is commonly referred to as " inflation . "
Christopher Collier 's book , Roger Sherman 's Connecticut , ably recounts the general inflation of this period and the specific monetary difficulties caused to Sherman by these paper emissions :
" One hundred dollars printed in September of 1777 was worth only twenty - ­four a year later and but four in 1779 .
By March 1780 it took $ 3732 to buy what could have been bought for $ 100 in late 1777 .
Sherman had run up a bill of $ 99 at the barber 's ; he owed for eight bottles of wine at $ 58 each and two barrels of ' cyder ' at $ 100 apiece ; ' washing for self and servant $ 639 ; for 15 weeks 4 days board self and waiter , $ 8330 ; 1 pair silk hose , $ 300 ; mending watch , $ 210 ; 1 pair leather breeches , $ 420 . ' "
Not only did Sherman suffer the extraordinary ravages of inflation , he had an extremely hard time obtaining payment from the government of Connecticut as its representative to the Continental Congress .
This lack of payment occurred notwithstanding the constant paper emissions of Connecticut .
Other accounts of inflation during this War disclosed that in January , 1781 , it took $ 100 in paper to acquire one dollar in specie coin .
But by May of the same year , the exchange rate exceeded 500 to 1 , and later all paper currency became entirely worthless , hence the phrase " not worth a Continental . "
It is almost certain that the members of the Continental Congress , many of whom attended the Convention of 1787 , were as wise and intelligent as any subsequent Congress of the United States , but these gentlemen were unable to make any laws which would effectively repeal the operation of natural economic laws , particularly Gresham's .
When the Revolutionary War ended , the state and national governments had obtained all the resources necessary for the War merely by tendering paper .
The real cost of the War , in terms of wealth , was borne by those who were forced to part with their property for paper which eventually became worthless .
It was through the tool of a paper money that the governments of the Revolutionary War obtained all resources for the War without surrendering corresponding value in exchange .
The people who lost their wealth and property as a result of being forced to part with their property did not receive fair compensation .
Paper money was not only the instrument of theft , its vicious nature permeated the whole of society .
In 1789 , Peletiah Webster aptly described the entire social damage resulting from the experiments in paper money :
" Paper money polluted the equity of our laws , turned them into engines of oppression , corrupted the justice of our public administration , destroyed the fortunes of thousands who had confidence in it , enervated the trade , husbandry and manufactures of our country , and went far to destroy the morality of our people . "
Between the end of the War and the time of the Philadelphia Convention of 1787 , our young nation suffered economic distress as a result of continuing paper emissions .
However , the Congress under the Articles of Confederation did attempt to render some order out of chaos .
In common circulation in our country at that time was the Spanish Milled Silver Dollar , and due to its universal use , accounts were kept in this " dollar " unit .
On July 6 , 1785 , Congress declared that the money unit of the United States was a " dollar . " 29 Journals of the Continental Congress 499 .
On April 8 , 1786 , Congress went further and declared : " Congress by their Act of the 6th July last resolved , that the Money Unit of the United States should be a Dollar , but did not determine what number of grains of Fine Silver should constitute the Dollar .
" We have concluded that Congress by their Act aforesaid , intended the common Dollars that are Current in the United States , and we have made our calculations accordingly * * * " The Money Unit or Dollar will contain three hundred and seventy five and sixty four hundredths of a Grain of fine Silver .
A Dollar containing this number of Grains of fine Silver , will be worth as much as the New Spanish Dollars . " [ 5 ]
Thus , prior to the Convention of 1787 , Congress had made a factual determination that the common money or currency in use by the people of our country was the Spanish Milled Silver Dollar , and further that experiments , tests and analyses of these coins revealed that they contained 375.64 grains of pure silver .
Many members of Congress were also delegates to the Philadelphia Constitutional Convention of 1787 and it was based upon the factual findings made by Congress previously that the word " dollar " as mentioned in the Constitution had meaning .
THE CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION OF 1787
In May , 1787 , pursuant to a Congressional plan to revise and amend the Articles of Confederation , delegates from the various states met in Philadelphia .
The union of the States created by the Articles had been imperfect and therefore a better organization of unity among them was needed .
However , a substantial problem confronting all the States at that time was economic and was caused by the monetary system , therefore it was essential that the best monetary system possible also result from the work of the Convention .
The best source of information available concerning the secret debates of the Convention is James Madison 's notes .
Insofar as the monetary provisions of the Constitution are concerned , Madison 's notes reveal that on Thursday , August 16 , 1787 , the Convention was discussing the proposed Constitution 's provisions contained in Article 1 , § 8 , wherein Congress was to be given the power to " emit bills on the credit of the United States . "
Gouverneur Morris on this date moved to strike this proposed phrase from the Constitution .
In response , Mr. Elseworth stated that he " thought this a favorable moment to shut and bar the door against paper money . "
He further stated , " the mischiefs of the various experiments which had been made were now fresh in the public mind and had excited the disgust of all the respectable part of America .
By withholding the power from the new government , more friends of influence would be gained to it than by almost anything else .
Paper money can in no case be necessary .
Give the government credit , and other resources will offer .
The power may do harm , never good . "
Mr. Wilson commented that , " it will have a most salutary influence on the credit of the United States to remove the possibility of paper money . "
Mr. Read noted that he " thought the words , if not struck out , would be as alarming as the mark of the Beast in Revelations . "
Even more emphatically voiced was Mr. Langdon 's remark that he " would rather reject the whole plan than retain the three words , ' and emit bills ' . "
The motion to strike these words from the Constitution carried by a vote of nine states in favor and two opposed .
On Tuesday , August 28 , 1787 , the Convention was discussing the provisions contained in Article 1 , § 10 of the Constitution .
Mr. Roger Sherman and Mr. Wilson moved to amend the proposed Article 1 , § 10 to include the words " nor emit bills of credit , nor make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts . "
The discussion concerning this proposed amendment concerned only the portion regarding " emit bills of credit . "
In support of his motion , Mr. Sherman stated that he " thought this a favorable crisis for crushing paper money , " reasoning that " if the consent of the Legislature could authorize emissions of it , the friends of paper money would make every exertion to get into the Legislature in order to license it . "
The voting concerning the power to emit bills of credit was eight states in favor and two opposed .
The remainder of the proposed amendment concerning gold and silver coin passed with no opposition .
The work of the Convention was completed on September 17 , 1787 , and the end result was the Constitution of the United States of America .
In reference to the much needed revision of the monetary system , Congress had been granted the power to " coin money and regulate the value thereof , " virtually the identical powers in reference to the currency which it possessed under the Articles , which did not include the power to declare a legal tender .
Further , certain binding , absolute and uncircumventable prohibitions had been placed upon the States in Article 1 , § 10 , cl. 1 , one of which limited the legal tender power of the States to gold and silver coin .
The chief architect of the monetary powers and disabilities contained in the U.S. Constitution was none other than Roger Sherman , who had so ably expressed his opinion of paper money 35 years earlier and resoundingly condemned it .
At the convention , virtually all the delegates held views identical with Sherman , and they were certain that paper money had been permanently prohibited by the " Supreme Law of the Land . "
The intent of the drafters of the Constitution was to grant to Congress the power to coin gold and silver which could be the only legal tender pursuant to Article 1 , § 10 .
Thus the Constitution was deliberately designed to insure gold and silver coin as the " money of the realm . "
The proposed Constitution was thereafter submitted to the states for ratification .
In Maryland , a delegate to the Convention , a lawyer named Luther Martin who was probably one of the few men to oppose prohibitions upon paper currency , summarized the work of the Convention :
" By our original articles of confederation , the Congress have a power to borrow money and emit bills of credit , on the credit of the United States ; agreeably to which , was the report on this system as made by the committee of detail .
When we came to this part of the report , a motion was made to strike out the words ' to emit bills of credit . '
Against the motion we urged , that it would be improper to deprive the Congress of that power .
But , Sir , a majority of the convention , being wise beyond every event , and being willing to risk any political evil , rather than admit the idea of a paper emission , in any possible event , refused to trust this authority to a government , to which they were lavishing the most unlimited powers of taxation , and they erased that clause from the system .
" By the tenth section every State is prohibited from emitting bills of credit .
As it was reported by the committee of detail , the States were only prohibited from emitting them without the consent of Congress ; but the convention was so smitten with the paper money dread , that they insisted the prohibition should be absolute .
It was my opinion , Sir , that the States ought not to be totally deprived of the right to emit bills of credit , and that , as we had not given an authority to the general government for that purpose , it was the more necessary to retain it in the States .
I therefore thought it my duty to vote against this part of the system . "
Thus , it is clear from both the proponents of the constitutional ban upon paper money and one of its most ardent foes that the clear design of the Constitution in reference to monetary powers was an absolute prohibition upon any paper money .
In New York , debate concerning ratification of the Constitution was heated .
There , Alexander Hamilton , James Madison and John Jay came to the defense of the proposed Constitution by publication of a series of articles concerning the Constitution in New York newspapers .
This series , now known as the Federalist Papers , contains virtually the best source of information concerning the interpretation of our Constitution .
In Article number 44 , written by Madison , the following comments were made regarding the intent of Article 1 , § 10 :
" The extension of the prohibition to bills of credit must give pleasure to every citizen in proportion to his love of justice and his knowledge of the true springs of public prosperity .
The loss which America has sustained since the peace , from the pestilent effects of paper money on the necessary confidence between man and man , on the industry and morals of the people , and on the character of republican government , constitutes an enormous debt against the States chargeable with this unadvised measure which must long remain unsatisfied , or rather an accumulation of guilt which can be expiated no otherwise than by a voluntary sacrifice on the alter of justice of the power which has been the instrument of it .
In addition to these persuasive considerations , it may be observed that the same reasons which show the necessity of denying to the States the power of regulating coin prove with equal force that they ought not to be at liberty to substitute a paper medium in the place of coin .
Had every State a right to regulate the value of its coin , there must be as many different currencies as States , and thus the intercourse among them would be impeded ; retrospective alterations in its value might be made , and thus citizens of other States be injured , and animosities be kindled among the States themselves .
The subjects of foreign powers might suffer from the same cause , and hence the Union be discredited and embroiled by the indiscretion of a single member .
No one of these mischiefs is less incident to a power in the States to emit paper money than to coin gold or silver .
The power to make anything but gold and silver a tender in payment of debts is withdrawn from the States on the same principle with that of issuing a paper currency . "
The success of the Federalist was evident in the fact that the proponents of the Constitution were successful in securing ratification in New York .
The adoption of the U.S. Constitution in 1789 paved the way for the intended " more perfect union . "
An analysis of the method of construction of the constitutional provisions in reference to the currency powers thereof and of the contemporaneous expressions of these provisions leads to the unmistakable conclusion that the Constitution designed a monetary system based upon gold and silver coin , and the standard so built was enduring , perfect and immutable .
The influence of Oresme , Cotton , Locke and Blackstone is easily perceived .
PERIOD I : TO THE CIVIL WAR
After the adoption of the U.S. Constitution , establishment of the three great departments thereof and the construction of a political order in harmony with that great document , Congress embarked upon the task of providing monetary order to the affairs of the young nation .
One of the first monetary tasks undertaken by the new Congress was obtaining from Alexander Hamilton his " Report on the Subject of a Mint . " [ 6 ]
Therein , Hamilton relied upon the previously mentioned Congressional resolutions of 1785 and 1786 , and determined as a matter of fact that the Spanish Milled Silver Dollar was by accepted custom the monetary unit of the United States .
Hamilton proffered the suggestion that such a " dollar " was in fact equal to 371.25 grains of pure silver and he suggested an exchange ratio , established by the market , between gold and silver as 1 to 15 .
Based upon Hamilton 's Report , Congress adopted " The Coinage Act of 1792 , " 1 Stat. 246 , which found that a " dollar " was equal to 371.25 grains of pure silver .
This Act of Congress , therefore , immutably set the value of a " dollar " at 371.25 grains of pure silver , and Congress , in accordance with the principles of Oresme , Cotton , Locke and Blackstone , lacked all power to ever debase this standard .
The generation of men who drafted the U.S. Constitution and the generation immediately following were acutely aware of the precise monetary powers and disabilities embodied in our national charter .
The men who sat in the state courts and the United States Supreme Court up to the outbreak of the Civil War demonstrated these principles in the decisions they wrote .
Insofar as the U.S. Supreme Court is concerned , these principles can be found by examining certain of the opinions rendered during this period , among which include the following :
Calder v. Bull , 3 U.S. ( 3 Dall. ) 386 , 390 ( 1798 ) :
" The prohibitions not to make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts , and not to pass any law impairing the obligations of contracts , were inserted to secure private rights . "
Sturges v. Crowninshield , 17 U.S. ( 4 Wheat . ) 122 ( 1819 ) : " It was notorious that the States had emitted paper money , and made it a tender ; had compelled creditors to receive payment of debts due to them in various articles of property of inadequate value ; had allowed debts to be paid by installments , and prohibited a recovery of the interest .
All these evils , so destructive of public and private faith , and so embarrassing to commerce , the convention intended , doubtless , to prevent in future .
The language employed speaks only of paper money and tender laws , by a particular description , " Id. , at 133 .
" That the prevailing evil of the times , which produced this clause in the constitution , was the practice of emitting paper money , of making property which was useless to the creditor a discharge of his debt , and of changing the time of payment by authorizing distant installments .
Laws of this description , not insolvent laws , constituted , it is said , the mischief to be remedied , " Id. , at 199 .
" We are told they were such as grew out of the general distress following the war in which our independence was established .
To relieve this distress , paper money was issued , worthless lands and other property of no use to the creditor were made a tender in payment of debts ; and the time of payment , stipulated in the contract , was extended by law .
These were the peculiar evils of the day .
So much mischief was done , and so much more was apprehended , that general distrust prevailed , and all confidence between man and man was destroyed .
" Was the general prohibition intended to prevent paper money ?
We are not allowed to say so because it is expressly provided that no states shall ' emit bills of credit ; ' neither could these words be intended to restrain the states from enabling debtors to discharge their debts by the tender of property of no real value to the creditor because for that subject also particular provision is made .
Nothing but gold and silver coin can be made a tender in payment of debts , " Id. , at 204 .
Ogden v. Saunders , 25 U.S. ( 12 Wheat . ) 213 ( 1827 ) : " It declares that 'no state shall coin money , emit bills of credit , make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts . '
These prohibitions , associated with the powers granted to Congress ' to coin money , and to regulate the value thereof , and of foreign coin ' most obviously constitute members of the same family , being upon the same subject and governed by the same policy .
" This policy was to provide a fixed and uniform standard of value throughout the United States , by which the commercial and other dealings between the citizens thereof , or between them and foreigners , as well as the monied transactions of the government , should be regulated .
For it might well be asked , why vest in Congress the power to establish a uniform standard of value by the means pointed out , if the states might use the same means , and thus defeat the uniformity of the standard and , consequently , the standard itself ?
And why establish a standard at all , for the government of the various contracts which might be entered into , if those contracts might afterwards be discharged by a different standard , or by that which is not money , under the authority of tender laws , " Id. , at 265 .
" The prohibition in the constitution to make anything but gold or silver coin a tender in payment of debts is express and universal .
The framers of the constitution regarded it as an evil to be repelled without modification ; they have , therefore , left nothing to be inferred or deduced from construction on this subject , " Id. , at 288 .
" The next in order is , or ' make anything but gold and silver a tender in payment of debts ; ' this is founded upon the same principles of public and national policy as the prohibition to coin money and emit bills of credit , and is so considered in the commentary on this clause in the number of the Federalist I have referred to .
It is there said , the power to make anything but gold and silver a tender in payment of debts , is withdrawn from the states , on the same principles with that of issuing a paper currency .
All these prohibitions , therefore , relate to powers of a public nature , and are general and universal in their application and inseparably connected with national policy , " Id. , at 306 .
" The prohibition is not , that no state shall pass any law , but that even if a law does exist , the ' state shall not make anything but gold and silver coin a legal tender . '
The language plainly imports that the prohibited tender shall not be made a legal tender , whether a law of the state exists or not .
The whole subject of tender , except in gold and silver , is withdrawn from the states , " Id. , at 328 .
" The second class of prohibited laws comprehends those whose operation consists in their action on individuals .
These are laws which make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts , * * * " In all these cases , whether the thing prohibited be the exercise of mere political power , or legislative action on individuals , the prohibition is complete and total .
There is no exception from it .
Legislation of every description is comprehended within it , " Id. , at 335 .
Craig v. Missouri , 29 U.S. ( 4 Peters ) 410 ( 1830 ) : " At a very early period of our colonial history the attempt to supply the want of the precious metals by a paper medium was made to a considerable extent , and the bills emitted for this purpose have been frequently denominated bills of credit .
During the war of our revolution we were driven to this expedient , and necessity compelled us to use it to a most fearful extent .
The term has acquired an appropriate meaning ; and ' bills of credit ' signify a paper medium , intended to circulate between individuals and between government and individuals , for the ordinary purposes of society .
Such a medium has been always liable to considerable fluctuation .
Its value is continually changing ; and these changes , often great and sudden , expose individuals to immense loss , are the sources of ruinous speculations , and destroy all confidence between man and man .
To cut up this mischief by the roots , a mischief which was felt through the United States , and which deeply affected the interest and prosperity of all , the people declared in their Constitution that no State should emit bills of credit .
If the prohibition means anything , if the words are not empty sounds , it must comprehend the emission of any paper medium by a State government for the purpose of commons circulation , " Id. , at 431-32 .
" The Constitution , therefore , considers the emission of bills of credit and enactment of tender laws as distinct operations , independent of each other which may be separately performed .
Both are forbidden , " Id. , at 434 .
" Congress emitted bills of credit to a large amount and did not , perhaps could not , make them a legal tender .
This power resided in the States , " Id. , at 435 .
Dissenting opinion of J. Johnson : " The great end and object of this restriction on the power of the States , will furnish the best definition of the terms under the consideration .
The whole was intended to exclude everything from use as a circulating medium except gold and silver , and to give to the United States the exclusive control over the coining and valuing of the metallic medium .
That the real dollar may represent property , and not the shadow of it , " Id. , at 442-43 .
Briscoe v. Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky , 36 U.S. ( 11 Peters ) 257 ( 1837 ) : " If the Legislature of a State attempt to make the notes of any bank a tender , the act will be unconstitutional * * * , " Id , at 316 .
" They acted upon known facts and not theories , and meant , by prohibiting the States from emitting bills of credit , to prohibit any issue in any form , to pass as paper currency or paper money , whose basis was the credit , or funds or debts , or promises of the states * * *
They knew that whatever paper currency is not directly and immediately , at the mere will of the holder , redeemable in gold and silver , is , and forever must be liable to constant depreciation , " Id. , at 339 .
United States v. Marigold , 50 U.S. ( 9 How. ) 560 , 567-68 ( 1850 ) : " They appertain rather to the execution of an important trust invested by the Constitution , and to the obligation to fulfill that trust on the part of the government , namely , the trust and the duty of creating and maintaining a uniform and pure metallic standard of value throughout the Union .
The power of coining money and of regulating its value was delegated to Congress by the Constitution for the very purpose , as assigned by the framers of that instrument , of creating and preserving the uniformity and purity of such standard of value * * * " If the medium which the government was authorized to create and establish could immediately be expelled , and substituted by one it had neither created , estimated , nor authorized - ­­ one possessing no intrinsic value - ­­ then the power conferred by the Constitution would be useless ­­ wholly fruitless of every end it was designed to accomplish .
Whatever functions Congress are , by the Constitution , authorized to perform , they are , when the public good requires it , bound to perform ; and on this principle , having emitted a circulating medium , a standard of value indispensable for the purposes of the community , and for the action of the government itself , they are accordingly authorized and bound in duty to prevent its debasement and expulsion , and the destruction of the general confidence and convenience , by the influx and substitution of a spurious coin in lieu of the constitutional currency . "
Thus , from diverse pronouncements and opinions of the United States Supreme Court , a steady allegiance to the original and true intent of our founding fathers in reference to the monetary provisions of the U.S. Constitution can be discerned .
In none of these various decisions is there any reference or allusion to any power of the States to enforce a tender in anything but gold and silver coin ; further , there was no mention of any power in the federal government to permit , sanction or even compel the States to violate the constraint of Article 1 , § 10 , cl. 1 as such was an absolute and mandatory provision .
Further , it was considered heresy to intimate any power in the federal government to issue any paper money .
The adherence of the Supreme Court to the intent of the framers must surely have had a beneficial effect upon our nation .
Not only was the Supreme Court a guardian of the true intent of the framers during this period of time , the high courts of the various States of our Union were also as well .
During the time prior to the Civil War , these state courts rendered opinions in many cases regarding the monetary provisions of the U.S. Constitution and all these decisions had one common theme : nothing but gold and silver coin could be a tender in payment of debts .
Notwithstanding the imaginative schemes of men and governments calculated to find a way to circumvent Article 1 , § 10 , these state courts held fast and maintained their allegiance to the Constitution .
The following cases are indicative of the decisions made by these courts :
I. ALABAMA :
Carter and Carter v. Penn , 4 Ala. 140 , 141 ( 1842 ) :
" But the notes of the Banks which are not redeemable in coin , on demand , cannot , with any propriety be regarded as such ; in fact , the best Bank paper passes as money by consent only , and it cannot be otherwise so long as the inhibition of the Federal Constitution upon the rights of the States to dispense with gold and silver coin as the only lawful tender continues in force . "
II .
ARKANSAS :
Dillard v. Evans , 4 Ark. 175 , 177 ( 1842 ) :
" Bank issues are not , in the constitutional sense of the term , lawful money or legal coin .
Gold and silver alone are a legal tender in payment of debts ; and the only true constitutional currency known to the laws . "
Bone v. Torry , 16 Ark. 83 , 87 ( 1855 ) : " The judgment was for dollars , and the payment , so far as the facts are before us , could only have been made in gold or silver , the constitutional coin . "
III .
CONNECTICUT :
Foquet v. Hoadley , 3 Conn. 534 , 536 ( 1821 ) :
" A promissory note , payable in money , cannot be discharged , by the act of the debtor , without the co­operation of the creditor , unless in gold and silver coin .
Const. U.S. art. 1 sec. 10 .
Bank notes are not a legal tender , if the creditor objects to receive them . "
IV .
INDIANA :
State v. Beackmo , 8 Blackf . 246 ( Ind. 1846 ) :
" But the constitution here interposes , and declares that a ' just compensation ' shall be made for the property so appropriated ­­ that the injured party may have his damages assessed by a jury of the country ; and it will not be disputed that when they are so assessed , they become a ' debt ' in the constitutional sense of the word , and being so , the constitution of the United States restrains the state from enforcing their payment in any thing but gold and silver , " Id. , at 249-50 .
" And we think we hazard nothing in saying , that a law authorizing compulsory payment for real estate or damage thereto , when appropriated by the State or its authority , in any thing but gold and silver , would not make adequate provision for a just compensation * * * Nothing short of gold and silver , the value of which is comparatively certain and changeless , and with which , better than with any thing else , can at any time be commanded what the possessor may desire , can adequately compensate a proprietor for what he is compelled to surrender to the public use , " Id. , at 251 .
Prather v. State Bank , 3 Ind. 356 ( 1852 ) : " No clerk , nor sheriff , nor constable , as such , has a right , under the constitution and law , to receive payment of a judgment in anything but the legal currency of the country .
Griffin v. Thompson , 2 How. 244 . " V. KENTUCKY :
McChord v. Ford , 19 Ky. 166 , 167 ( 1826 ) :
" But as bank notes are not money , it also follows that this note cannot intend bank notes , but gold or silver . "
Sinclair v. Piercy , 28 Ky. 63 , 64 ( 1830 ) : " The result from an examination of all the cases is , that money in its strict legal sense , means gold or silver coin , and that an obligation for money alone can not be satisfied with anything else . "
Pryor v. Commonwealth , 32 Ky. 298 ( 1834 ) : " Yet , that its true technical import is lawful money of the United States , in other words , gold or silver coin , and when used in judicial proceedings it is always to be taken in this technical sense . "
VI .
MISSISSIPPI :
Gasquet v. Warren , 10 Miss. 514 , 517 ( 1844 ) :
" It means that which in fact and law is money , which is gold or silver coin .
This in law is money and nothing else is . "
VII .
MISSOURI :
Bailey v. Gentry , 1 Mo. 164 ( 1822 ) :
" The 1st clause of the 10th section of the 1st article of the Constitution of the United States , provides that ' No State shall make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts * * * " " Construing the Constitution , then , to prohibit the States from passing laws , the effect of which would be to induce the creditor to receive something else than gold and silver coin in payment of the debt due him , in order to avoid an inconvenience that would result on his failure to do so , we are lead to the conclusion that the act under consideration is repugnant to the provisions of the Constitution of the United States last referred to , " Id. , at 172-73 .
Cockrill v. Kirkpatrick , 9 Mo. 697 , 701 ( 1846 ) : " These terms import either , first , gold or silver coin , which is constitutional currency of the United States , the ' tender money ' of the several states of the Union .
* * *. " " But if the note was ' payable in the current money of Missouri , ' as the obligor subsequently stated , then all necessity for construction is absolutely excluded , for the terms explain themselves , and can only mean ' tender money , ' gold or silver coin . "
VIII .
PENNSYLVANIA :
Shelby v. Boyd , 3 Yeats ( Pa. ) 321 ( 1801 ) :
" By the 10th section of the 1st article of the constitution of the United States , no state shall emit bills of credit , or make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts , " Id. , at 322 .
" If the agreement had respected the continental bills of credit , and no legal tender had been pleaded , the court would not suffer the paper emitted by Congress to be paid into court , but only its specie value when the agreement was entered into * * *
It does not appear to us , that the bills of credit offered to be paid into court , are a legal tender , and therefore we cannot admit them to be brought into court , " Id. , at 323 .
Gray v. Donahoe , 4 Watts ( Pa. ) 400 ( 1835 ) : " No principle is better established nor more necessary to be maintained than that bank notes are not money in the legal sense of the word .
* * * Coins struck at the Mint or authorized by act of Congress are alone lawful money .
They possess a fixed and permanent value or , at least as nearly so as human affairs admit of .
Bank notes are merely promissory notes for the payment of money ; ordinarily , it is true , convertible into coin on demand at the bank where they are issued . "
IX .
SOUTH CAROLINA :
M'Clarin v. Nesbitt , 2 Nott. and McC. ( 11 S.C. ) 519 ( 1820 ) :
" If Congress can create a legal tender , it must be by virtue of the ' power to coin money , ' for no where in the constitution is the power to make a legal tender expressly given to them , nor is there any other power directly given , from which the power to make a legal tender can be incidentally deduced , " 2 Nott . and McC. , at 520 .
" At common law , only gold and silver were a legal tender .
* * *
In this State , where the common law has been expressly adopted , anterior to all legislative and constitutional provisions on the subject , gold and silver were the only legal tenders , " 2 Nott . and McC. , at 521 .
" From the passage of this act to the adoption of the constitution of the United States , the only legal tenders in this State were gold and silver , and those were so by virtue of the common law .
Prior to the adoption of the constitution of the United States , the States , respectively , possessed and exercised jurisdiction over the ' legal tender , ' " 2 Nott . and McC. , at 522 .
" If Congress did not possess the power of creating a legal tender under the confederation , they do not possess the power under the constitution , for the grant in both instruments is the same , ' to coin money . '
The States have been limited in their exercise of power over the legal tender to gold and silver , but it does not follow , because power has been taken from the States , it has been given to Congress , " 2 Nott . and McC. , at 522-23 .
" They have further said , that nothing but gold and silver coin shall be a legal tender for the payment of debts .
The language of the 10th sec. of the 1st article , is , ' no State shall make any thing but gold and silver coin a legal tender in the payment of debts . '
The language of the 5th clause of the 8th sec. of the 1st Article , is , ' congress shall have power to coin money , and regulate the value thereof . '
Construe the two sections together , and the constitution appears to intend to limit the power of the States over the legal tender , to gold and silver , and to give to congress the power of coining gold and silver .
This construction is further supported by the two following considerations : 1 . One of the great objects which led to the adoption of the constitution , was the annihilation of a spurious currency , which had for years afflicted the people of this country .
Give to congress the power of making legal tender , and you but change the hand from which the affliction is to proceed ; so construe the constitution as to restrict the legal tender to gold and silver , and one of the great objects for which it was ordained , is accomplished .
2 . The constitution , no where gives to congress any control over contracts .
It is indeed scrupulously avoided .
If , however , they derive the power of making a legal tender from the power of coining money , they indirectly obtain that which was intended to be withheld , " 2 Nott . and McC. , at 523 - 24 .
Lange v. Kohne , 1 McCord ( 12 S.C. Law ) 115 , 116 ( 1821 ) : " The note in question , however , is not payable in money , but in paper medium .
That paper medium is not money , appears from the 8th and 10th sections of the Constitution of the United States , which declare that Congress shall coin money ; and that no state shall coin money , emit bills of credit , or make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts . "
X. TENNESSEE :
Townsend v. Townsend , 7 Tenn. 1 ( 1821 ) :
" First , then , let us take into consideration Art. 1 , section 10 , of the Constitution of the United States : ' No State shall * * * emit bills of credit or make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts .
* * * '
The first two sentences respect tender laws and paper money ; the construction to be put on them should repress and prevent the evils they were intended to obviate ; and what these are , must be understood by the actual evils which paper money and tender laws produced in the time of the colonial governments , " Id. , at 2 - 3 .
" One cause of depreciation is that the paper could not be remitted to foreign countries .
No matter how small the emission may be , it is not equal to gold and silver .
He who exchanges it for gold and silver must give a greater quantity of paper , " Id. , at 5 .
" With respect to the disorders produced by paper money and tender laws , both theory and experience present them to view .
Who will be so imprudent as to give credit to the citizens of a State that makes paper money a tender , and where he can be told , take for a gold and silver debt depreciated paper , depreciating still more in the moment it is paid ?
Who would trust the value of his property to the citizens of another State or of his own State , who can be protected by law against the just demands of creditors by forcing them to receive depreciated paper , or to be delayed of payment from year to year until the Legislature will not longer interfere ? "
Id. , at 6 .
" One of the most powerful remedies was the tenth clause of the first article , and particularly the two sentences which we are now considering .
They operated most efficaciously .
The new course of thinking , which had been inspired by the adoption of a constitution that was understood to prohibit all laws for the emission of paper money , and for the making anything a tender but gold and silver , restored the confidence which was so essential to the internal prosperity of nations , " Id . , at 8 .
" The framers of the Federal Constitution believed it to be of indispensable importance not to leave this power any longer in the hands of the State Legislatures .
Experience had demonstrated the baneful effects of its exercise .
The known disposition of man excluded the hope that it would not be used for the same pernicious purposes in future .
Under the smart of this experience , such were the feelings of the American people at the time , still suffering under repeated emissions of depreciated paper , that not a dissenting voice was raised against the clause before us .
No state required it to be expunged , nor did any state propose an amendment .
It was universally received without an exception , and the effects of the clauses themselves were miraculous .
Public and private confidence took deep root .
The people of America were reinstated in the admiration of the world .
The precious metals flowed in upon them .
Paper money suddenly stopped in its career of depreciation and took a stand from which it never departed ; industry revived universally ; and to us in America was given a notable proof , that whenever a nation is virtuous and honest it will prosper both in wealth and character ; and that whenever a contrary course is pursued , such is the wise decree of providence , that prosperity of either kind will not long follow in her train , " Id. , at 9 .
Lowry v. McGhee and McDermott , 16 Tenn. 242 ( 1835 ) : " By the Constitution of the United States nothing can be a tender in payment of debt but gold and silver coin , " Id. , at 244 .
" The answer to this argument is that the Constitution of the United States is the supreme law , and that no law can be valid which , in violation of that instrument , shall attempt to make anything but gold and silver coin a tender , " Id. , at 245 .
" The constitution of the United States ( art. 1 , sec. 10 ) prohibits any state making ' anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts ; " Id. , at 246 .
" This provision was inserted to prevent the existence of a spurious and worthless currency , and is of positive and paramount obligation , " Id. , at 246- 47 .
XI .
TEXAS :
Ogden v. Slade , 1 Tex. 13 , 14 ( 1846 ) :
" The note calls for four hundred dollars , lawful funds of the United States .
What is the plain meaning of ' lawful funds ? '
Gold and silver is the only lawful tender in the United States .
It must therefore mean payment in gold or silver .
By equivalent , the parties must have meant such paper currency as passed at par with gold and silver . "
XII .
VERMONT :
Wainright v. Webster , 11 Ver. 576 ( 1839 ) :
" No state is authorized to coin money , or pass any law whereby anything but gold and silver shall be made a legal tender in payment of debt .
* * *
This conventional understanding that bank bills are to pass as money is founded upon the solvency of the bank and upon the supposition that the bills are equivalent in value to specie and are , at any time , convertible into specie at the option of the holder .
Upon no other ground do bank bills , by common consent , pass as money , " Id. , at 580 .
" When , therefore , a bank stops payment , the bills thereof cease , by this conventional arrangement , to be the representative of money , " Id. , at 581 .
These and other states cases are posted here .
Thus , from a reading of decisions rendered by state courts and the U.S. Supreme Court , Article 1 , § 10 , cl. 1 of the U.S. Constitution had a fixed and determined meaning .
This understanding was not limited to the courts of our nation , and it was clearly understood by both Congress and the Presidents of our nation .
For example , during the debate on the question of whether to renew the charter of the Second Bank of the United States ( 3 Stat. 266 ) in 1836 , Senator Daniel Webster observed regarding the monetary provisions of the Constitution : " Currency , in a large and perhaps just sense , includes not only gold and silver and bank bills , but bills of exchange also .
It may include all that adjusts exchanges and settles balances in the operations of trade and business ; but if we understand by currency the legal money of the country , and that which constitutes a legal tender for debts , and is the standard measure of value , then undoubtedly nothing is included but gold and silver .
Most unquestionably there is no legal tender , and there can be no legal tender in this country , under the authority of this government or any other , but gold and silver , either the coinage of our own mints or foreign coins at rates regulated by Congress .
This is a constitutional principle , perfectly plain and of the highest importance .
The States are expressly prohibited from making anything but gold and silver a legal tender in payment of debts , and although no such express prohibition is applied to Congress , yet , as Congress has no power granted to it in this respect but to coin money and to regulate the value of foreign coins , it clearly has no power to substitute paper or anything else for coin as a tender in payment of debts and in discharge of contracts .
Congress has exercised this power fully in both its branches ; it has coined money , and still coins it ; it has regulated the value of foreign coins , and still regulates their value .
The legal tender , therefore , the constitutional standard of value , is established and can not be overthrown .
To overthrow it would shake the whole system , " 4 Webster 's Works , 271 .
Further , on December 5 , 1836 , President Jackson stated in his 8th Annual Address to Congress : " It is apparent from the whole context of the Constitution , as well as the history of the times which gave birth to it , that it was the purpose of the Convention to establish a currency consisting of the precious metals .
These , from their peculiar properties which rendered them the standard of value in all other countries , were adopted in this as well to establish its commercial standard in reference to foreign countries by a permanent rule as to exclude the use of a mutable medium of exchange , such as of certain agricultural commodities recognized by the statutes of some states as a tender for debts , or the still more pernicious expedient of a paper currency . "
Beyond the scope of this necessarily brief treatment of the monetary provisions of the U.S. Constitution is any consideration of the development of banking in our country during this period .
Excellent references for this separate topic are A Short History of Paper Money and Banking , written by William Gouge in 1833 , and Dr. Ron Paul 's and Lewis Lehrman 's work entitled The Case for Gold .
These sources disclose the evils caused to our young nation by private banking establishments , which were as injurious as the paper money issued by colonial governments .
Notwithstanding the adverse consequences caused by private note issuance by banks , which then caused and now continue to cause financial ruin for Americans , the clear and unmistakable voice of government of this period , be it from the courts , the legislative or executive branches , held gold and silver coin as the only money , pursuant to the express commands of the Constitution .
PERIOD II : A DIFFERENT DAY FROM THE CIVIL WAR TO 1933
With the advent of the Civil War in 1861 , the alluring call of the " Sirens " beckoning further experiments with that expedient thief , paper money , was heard by both governments north and south of the Mason­ - Dixon line .
For real and imagined reasons , the southern States departed the Union , established the Confederacy and fired upon Fort Sumter .
No sooner had the Confederate Flag been flown from Montgomery than that ill­ - fated rebellious government reached for the ever ready tool of wealth expropriation , paper money .
It was through the services of paper money that the Confederacy obtained everything necessary for war without surrendering anything of comparable value in exchange .
Insofar as the Union was concerned , it quickly learned that taxation and borrowing to meet war expenses would be extremely unpolitical .
But , there apparently were some extremely perceptive minds in Washington which perceived the real lessons of the Revolutionary War .
The Continental Notes of the Revolutionary War would not have become worthless if there had been an appropriate mechanism for taxing the notes out of circulation for the purpose of maintaining their value .
Realizing the importance of this principle , Congress enacted such a vehicle in July , 1861 , and passed the first national income tax act .
Once this legislation was in place , the Union , following the lead of the Confederacy , succumbed to the paper money call in early 1862 .
Treasury Secretary Chase , later to become Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court , began the call for paper money to meet the exigent expenses of war .
In Congress , the debate concerning this proposal was extremely heated . [ 7 ]
Some Congressmen condemned the act to make Treasury notes a legal tender as unconstitutional while others argued in its favor .
In the end , Congress , obviously as an act of desperation and expedience , passed the Legal Tender Act of 1862 , 12 Stat. 345 .
With the passage of this act , Congress ignored both the lessons of history and the plain intent of the framers of the U.S. Constitution .
In the interim of 8 years from the passage of the first of the series of legal tender acts until the Supreme Court was finally called upon to address this issue , the state courts of our nation were presented with the horns of a dilemma .
Nowhere in any judicial decision of the past , or even in any uttering from Congress or the Executive , was there the slightest indication of such a Congressional power to declare paper Treasury notes a legal tender .
Allegiance to the intent of the law as expounded by the framers required a holding that the acts were unconstitutional ; however , doing such would surely damage the cause of the Union and its war effort .
An example of this problem faced by the state courts is clearly seen in the decisions of the Indiana Supreme Court .
In Reynolds v. State Bank of Indiana , 18 Ind. 467 ( 1862 ) , the Court held the Legal Tender Act of 1862 constitutional , only after giving every reason to rule against the act .
In so holding , that court stated :
" The convention which adopted the constitution not only did not grant , but they expressly rejected it as a substantive power , and for the distinctly declared purpose of preventing its exercise , by Congress , under any pretext or circumstances whatever ; and this , too , after the power had been once expressly granted to the Federal Government ; and the States subsequently ratified the constitution with this understanding , " Id. , at 470 - 71 .
" Currency , as a medium of exchange , is a great necessity of commerce , and it is an acknowledged power of every government to ordain what shall constitute that currency .
Governments have done so ; and , throughout the civilized world , they have all concurred in declaring that gold and silver shall be that currency .
Why they have so declared will be seen as we advance .
Now , the precise question of what should be the currency of this nation , what should be its medium of commerce , what should be used to meet that necessity , was the one that was before the convention which constructed the frame of our government , and they ordained and established , by the paramount , the fundamental law of the nation , that that currency should be gold and silver , or paper issued upon , and as the representative , of gold and silver , and not bills of credit issued simply upon the indebtedness and faith of the government , " Id. , at 471 - 72 .
But , within 2 years of the rendition of the opinion in Reynolds , supra , the Indiana Supreme Court had occasion to reconsider the prior opinion and this time , in Thayer v. Hedges , 22 Ind. 282 ( 1864 ) , found the legal tender acts of Congress expressly unconstitutional : " In another aspect , it enables the government to make , by indirection , forced loans as actual if not as oppressive as those of Charles I , as they are made without interest , against the will of the lender , and without repayment of but a part of the principal ; thus , in this case , as an example .
The government desires Thayer to loan it 500 dollars .
Thayer expresses his inability or unwillingness to spare the money .
The government then goes to Hedges and Kleiger and says to them , you owe Thayer 500 dollars , which you are about to pay him .
The government wants that money , but he will not loan it .
You pay it to the government , and it will give you a piece of paper which it will compel him to take of you , instead of the money contracted for , in payment of your debt , " Id. , at 286 - 87 .
" That the power to coin money is one power , and the power to declare anything a legal tender is another , and different power ; that both were possessed by the States severally at the adoption of the Constitution ; that by that adoption , the power to coin money was delegated to the Federal Government , while the power to declare a legal tender was not , but was retained by the States with a limitation , thus : ' Congress should have power to coin money ' and ' no State shall coin money , ' and ' no State shall make anything but gold and silver coin a legal tender . '
States , then , though they can not coin money , can declare that gold or silver coin , or both , whether coined by the Federal , or the Spanish or the Mexican Government , shall be legal tender .
And as Congress was authorized to make money only out of coin , and the States were forbidden to make anything but coin a legal tender , a specie currency was secured in both the Federal and States governments .
There was thus no need of delegating to Congress the power of declaring a legal tender in transactions within the domain of Federal legislation .
The money coined by it was the necessary medium , " Id. , at 300-01 .
" Walker , in his Am. Law , p. 145 , declares it an act of despotic power to make paper a legal tender .
The principal interference of government with the currency has been to debase it .
Say gives an account of the acts of the French monarchs , of this character , in his Political Economy , book 1 , chap . 21 , sec. 5 , and adds : ' Let no government imagine that , to strip them of the power of defrauding their subjects , is to deprive them of a valuable privilege . '
Says Mr. Gouge : ' No instance is on record of a nation 's having arrived at great wealth without the use of gold and silver money .
Nor is there , on the other hand , any instance of a nation 's endeavoring to supplant this natural money , without involving itself in distress and embarrassment , ' " Id. , at 305 .
" It was the intention , by the Federal Constitution , to withhold this power of supplanting natural money from the general government , and to strip the states of it , and thus extinguish it , and insure to the people and nation a sound currency forever .
Of this we have not the slightest doubt .
Money should be to values , what weights and measures are to quantities , the exact measure , and a uniform , stable one .
The States were prohibited from making anything but gold and silver a tender for debts , and the general government was authorized , touching this subject , only ' to coin money , regulate the value thereof , and of foreign coin , ' * * *
It will be observed that while the States are forbidden to make anything but gold and silver a tender , Congress is empowered to coin money , without being limited to the two kinds of coin to which the States are restricted , " Id. , at 306 .
" Now , the power is no where expressly given to Congress to make even coin a legal tender , but the prohibition to the States to make anything but gold and silver such tender , goes upon the assumption that the power over the subject of legal tender is possessed by the States ; * * * and the Constitution restricts them to two articles , either or both of which they may make thus ; and the general government has not the power to make anything a legal tender except as an incident to the power to coin , " Id. , at 307-08 .
Other states found need to construe the Legal Tender Acts in reference to the issue of whether " greenbacks " could be used to pay state taxes .
In Perry v. Washburn , 20 Cal. 318 ( 1862 ) , the California Supreme Court ruled that United States notes could not be used to pay state taxes , especially where a California statute required taxes to be paid in coin .
In State Treasurer v. Collector Sangamon County , 28 Ill. 509 , 512 ( 1862 ) , the Illinois Supreme Court ruled in the same fashion , and reasoned : " The jurisdiction of the State on the subject of taxation , for all State purposes , is supreme , and over which , the government of the United States can have no power or control .
That government acts through delegated power and can exercise no other except such as may be necessary to carry into effect a granted power .
The power has been , nowhere , delegated to the Congress to interfere with the mode which a state may adopt to raise a revenue for its own purposes , or the manner or funds in which it shall be collected .
This is a subject peculiarly belonging to the States , and wholly under State control , so that should it be deemed by the State expedient to collect its revenue for its own use , in the productions of its own soil , no power on earth could interfere to forbid it . "
A particularly important decision against the constitutionality of the legal tender acts of Congress was Griswold v. Hepburn , 63 Ky. 20 ( 1865 ) .
Here , the Kentucky Supreme Court was required to decide the constitutionality of the acts and the decision made was that the acts contravened the U.S. Constitution : " When the Constitution was adopted , as even yet , all foreign money was metallic coin ; and therefore the power to regulate such coin was constructively restricted to coined metal , and did not include notes on the Bank of England , or consols , or other government bonds or securities .
The conclusion is plain , and apparently inevitable , that the power to coin money was intended to mean to coin metal as the money of the United States ; and the curse of the paper currency of the revolution , the fiscal ruin of the confederation , and the history of the adoption of the Federal Constitution , conduce strongly to prove that , when the people who adopted it delegated to Congress exclusive power ' to coin money , ' they intended that nothing else than metallic coin should be money , or be a legal tender , in invitum , as money ; and it is almost certain that they did not intend to confer on Congress any more or other power to make money , or declare any thing else to be money , or compel the circulation of any thing else as money , " Id. , at 30 .
" The power to coin ' money ' is the only moneymaking power delegated to Congress .
Without express grant , Congress could have had no power whatever over money .
The only grant made is specific and well - ­defined , and beyond this Congress can have no express authority to go ; and any attempt to go further would defeat the great purpose of defining and establishing coin as the money of the United States ; and , therefore , and also because no such substantive power could be implied , Congress can have no implied power to make any thing else than coin money .
Knowing that Congress could have no power over money except so far as delegated , the people chose , for national reasons , to delegate the single power ' to coin money , ' and there stopped .
And anxious to maintain coin as the only money , they tied the hands of their own Legislature , and not only abandoned all their inherent power over money , except a qualified power over the legal tender , expressly restricted to gold and silver , but , for the same immutable reason , withheld from Congress any power over tender .
That renunciation of their absolute power and reservation of a qualified power over tender , is itself , and alone , sufficient proof of a constructive and purposeful denial to Congress of any power over it , " Id. , at 34 .
" And if we are right , as we feel well assured we are , no one can pretend that the power assumed is , or could be , implied , because it is an axiomatic truth , that nothing inconsistent with the Constitution can be implied as constitutional .
And had there been no other objection to the assumed implication in this case , it would be repelled by the fact that to make money and fix the law of tender are great substantive powers , recognized and disposed of by the Constitution , and , therefore , no power on that subject can be implied beyond or different from that expressed , " Id. , at 43 .
While some state courts found , as above , that the legal tender acts were unconstitutional , other courts in different states upheld them .
In Metropolitan Bank v. Van Dyck , 27 N.Y. 400 ( 1863 ) , and Shollenberger v. Brinton , 52 Pa. St. 9 ( 1866 ) , the Supreme Courts of New York and Pennsylvania upheld their constitutionality .
Thus , the war torn nation was divided not only physically , but also judicially insofar as the lawfulness of the Congressional legislation regarding legal tender Treasury notes was concerned .
Of related importance to the issue of legal tender Treasury notes is the issue of the lawfulness of the Confederacy 's paper money .
At the commencement of the Civil War , the C.S.A. had issued paper money to obtain resources for the war effort , and the emissions of this paper were virtually constant .
Payment of these notes was based upon a contingency , the contingency being the ratification of a peace treaty between the C.S.A. and the U.S.A .
With the surrender of that great soldier , Gen. Robert E. Lee , the Confederacy ceased to exist .
The downfall of the rebellion thus presented to the federal courts the serious problem of how to treat debts contracted before and during the war in the South which debts had been partially paid with Confederate money .
One of the first cases rendered by the U.S. Supreme Court wherein the confederate currency was an issue was Thorington v. Smith , 75 U.S. ( 8 Wall . ) 1 ( 1869 ) .
Here , the Supreme Court reasoned that the Confederacy was a de facto government imposed by irresistible force and that , while it existed , citizens of the Confederacy of necessity had to obey its civil authority .
Insofar as Confederate notes were concerned , the Court described them as follows :
" As contracts in themselves , except in the contingency of successful revolution , these notes were nullities ; for , except in that event , there could be no payer .
They bore , indeed , this character upon their face , for they were made payable only ' after the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate States and the United States of America . '
While the war lasted , however , they had a certain contingent value , and were used as money in nearly all the business transactions of many millions of people .
They must be regarded , therefore , as a currency imposed on the community by irresistable force , " 8 Wall . , at 11 .
" Considered in themselves , and in the light of subsequent events , these notes had no real value , but they were made current as dollars by irresistable force .
They were the only measure of value which the people had , and their use was a matter of almost absolute necessity .
And this use gave them a sort of value , insignificant and precarious enough it is true , but always having a sufficiently definite relation to gold and silver , the universal measure of value , so that it was always easy to ascertain how much gold and silver was the real equivalent of a sum expressed in this currency , " 8 Wall . , at 13 .
Other Civil War , Confederate currency cases include Hanauer v. Woodruff , 82 U.S. ( 15 Wall . ) 439 ( 1872 ) , wherein a note given in consideration of Confederate bonds was voided on principles of illegal consideration .
See also Planters Bank of Tennessee v. Union Bank of Louisiana , 83 U.S. ( 16 Wall . ) 483 ( 1873 ) ; The Atlantic , Tennessee and Ohio Railroad Company v. Carolina National Bank , 86 U.S. ( 19 Wall . ) 548 ( 1873 ) ; and Stewart v. Salamon , 94 U.S. 434 ( 1877 ) .
In reference to the lawfulness of the " greenback " currency of the Union , this issue involved not one single case but a multiple of cases spanning some 15 years .
Before delivering any opinion wherein a challenge to the constitutionality of the Legal Tender Acts was concerned , the U.S. Supreme Court rendered certain opinions in cases related to this issue .
In Bronson v. Rodes , 74 U.S. ( 7 Wall. ) 229 ( 1869 ) , the Court held that a bond requiring payment in specie coin could not be discharged by paying " greenbacks " :
" The design of all this minuteness and strictness in the regulation of coinage is easily seen .
It indicates the intention of the legislature to give a sure guaranty to the people that the coins made current in payments contain the precise weight of gold or silver of the precise degree of purity declared by the statute .
It recognizes the fact accepted by all men throughout the world , that value is inherent in the precious metals ; that gold and silver are in themselves values , and being such , * * * are the only proper measures of value ; that these values are determined by weight and purity ; and that form and impress are simply certificates of value worthy of absolute reliance only because of the known integrity and good faith of the government which gives them .
" The propositions just stated are believed to be incontestable .
If they are so in fact , the inquiry concerning the legal import of the phrase ' dollars payable in gold and silver coin , lawful money of the United States , ' may be answered without much difficulty .
Each such dollar is a piece of gold or silver , certified to be of a certain weight and purity , by the form and impress given to it at the mint of the United States , and therefore declared to be legal tender in payments .
Any number of such dollars is the number of grains of standard gold or silver in one dollar multiplied by the given number , " Id. , at 249-50 .
In the case immediately following Bronson , supra , the Court , in Butler v. Horowitz , 74 U.S. ( 7 Wall . ) 258 ( 1869 ) , held the same way in reference to a contract requiring payment in specie .
See also Thompson v. Butler , 95 U.S. 694 ( 1877 ) .
In New York v. Supervisors , County of New York , 74 U.S. ( 7 Wall. ) 26 ( 1869 ) , the Court held that legal tender Treasury notes were exempt from state taxation .
By 1870 , some 8 years after the adoption of the first Legal Tender Act in 1862 , the Court was finally required to pass upon the constitutionality of those acts .
As noted above , the Kentucky Supreme Court had held these acts to be unconstitutional in Griswold v. Hepburn , supra , and it was to this case that the Supreme Court granted certiorari .
The chief architect of the Legal Tender Acts had been Treasury Secretary Chase , who by now was sitting on the Court as its Chief Justice , and it was Chase who wrote the majority opinion in Hepburn v. Griswold , 75 U.S. 603 , 625 ( 1870 ) .
The issue in this case involved whether legal tender notes could be used to discharge a debt contracted before the passage of the first legal tender act , and this determination necessarily involved the constitutionality of those Congressional acts .
Chase noted in the opinion that the legislation adopted by Congress making Treasury notes a legal tender occurred at the height of troubling times and that the motive for the acts was patriotic in nature ; this was obviously stated because of his own personal involvement in obtaining passage of the acts .
Nonetheless , and notwithstanding personal motives and convictions which certainly played a part in passage of this legislation , it was time to test the conformity of the acts with the U.S. Constitution .
Chase analyzed the specific provisions of the Constitution which granted Congress various powers , and determined there was no express grant to declare Treasury notes a legal tender .
There being no such express grant , he then examined specific Congressional powers to determine if any implied power would sustain the acts .
He examined the power to coin money , to borrow , to regulate commerce and to declare war , but there he found no method for developing an implied power which would uphold the acts .
He examined the spirit of the Constitution as well as certain prohibitions contained therein , none of which could be useful in supporting an implied power .
Finding no support for the constitutionality of the challenged acts , he found them unconstitutional :
" We are obliged to conclude that an Act making mere promises to pay dollars a legal tender in payment of debts previously contracted , is not a means appropriate , plainly adapted , really calculated to carry into effect any express power vested in Congress ; that such an Act is inconsistent with the spirit of the Constitution ; and that it is prohibited by the Constitution . "
It must have taken considerable courage for a man such as Chase , in high public office in the Lincoln administration and who had sought these acts , to declare his own actions unconstitutional .
The decision in Hepburn had been pending for 2 years , and during the interim Congress decided to increase the number of Justices on the Supreme Court from 8 to 9 .
The decision in Hepburn was a 5 to 3 decision , but shortly before the rendering of that opinion , Justice Grier resigned from the Court for health reasons .
This resignation made the number of Justices on the Court who opposed this legislation be 4 , with 3 remaining who supported the acts .
On the same day that Hepburn was decided , President Grant nominated two men , William Strong and Joseph Bradley , to fill the vacancies on the Court .
After confirmation , the new Court was requested to reconsider the constitutionality of the Legal Tender Acts at the request of the U.S. Attorney General .
This event has lead to the charge that Grant " packed " the Court for the express purpose of securing a favorable ruling on the challenged acts .
At the time of the rendition of Hepburn , the Supreme Court had pending before it two other cases which concerned the validity of the Legal Tender Acts , which cases had come to the Court at the same time as Hepburn .
After Strong and Bradley came to the Court , these other two cases were re-argued in February and April , 1871 .
On May 1 , 1871 , the Supreme Court rendered its opinion in Knox v. Lee , 79 U.S. 457 , 534 ( 1871 ) , which overruled Hepburn and found the Legal Tender Acts to be constitutional .
Justice Strong delivered the majority opinion in Knox , and he upheld the Legal Tender Acts as constitutional on the basis of auxiliary powers possessed by Congress :
" And here it is to be observed it is not indispensable to the existence of any power claimed for the Federal government that it can be found specified in the words of the Constitution , or clearly and directly traceable to some one of the specified powers .
Its existence may be deduced fairly from more than one of the substantive powers expressly defined , or from them all combined .
It is allowable to group together any number of them and infer from them all that the power claimed has been conferred . "
To sustain these acts , Strong used McCulloch v. Maryland analysis to find them constitutional , without specifying the precise origin from which such a resulting or auxiliary power was derived from any particular single power or group of powers .
In effect , Justice Strong merely pointed to the Constitution and said the power arose from that instrument .
However , he made no attempt to address the extremely powerful arguments against the acts made by Clarkson Potter other than to state : " The Legal Tender Acts do not attempt to make paper a standard of value .
We do not rest their validity upon the assertion that their omission is coinage , or any regulation of the value of money ; nor do we assert that Congress may make anything which has no value ­ money .
What we do assert is that Congress has power to enact that the government 's promises to pay money shall be for the time being equivalent in value to the representative of value determined by the coinage acts or to multiplies thereof .
It is hardly correct to speak of a standard of value * * *
It is , then , a mistake to regard the Legal Tender Acts as either fixing a standard of value or regulating money values , or making that money which has no intrinsic value , " 79 U.S. , at 553 .
Dissenting from the decision in Knox were Chief Justice Chase , and Justices Clifford and Field , who rose to the occasion and set forth innumerable law , facts and arguments against the acts .
The decision in Knox resolved the issue of the constitutionality of federal " bills of credit " during war , but it was still an open question as to their use in times of peace .
In 1875 , Congress enacted the Specie Resumption Act , which became effective in 1879 .
In 1878 , Congress passed additional legislation permitting the reissuance of Treasury notes after redemption .
By 1884 , the Supreme Court was confronted with the issue of whether legal tender Treasury notes could be reissued in peacetime .
In Juilliard v. Greenman , 110 U.S. 421 , 448 ( 1884 ) , the Supreme Court expanded the Knox doctrine to allow peacetime issuance of legal tender Treasury notes :
" Congress is authorized to establish a national currency , either in coin or in paper , and to make that currency lawful money for all purposes , as regards the national government or private individuals . "
In writing this opinion , Justice Gray successfully located the origin of this power in the express grant to Congress to " borrow money ; " this was apparent notwithstanding the fact that the microscopic examination of the Constitution by Justice Strong in Knox failed to reveal the source of this hidden power .
As justification for this holding , Justice Gray relied upon the sovereign powers of European governments , something which was totally new to construction of the American Constitution .
The dissents in both Knox and Juilliard were exceptionally well written and documented rebuttals of the erroneous findings of historical fact relied upon by the majority in both cases .
Justice Field aptly stated the case of the dissenters by noting that no jurist or statesman in our country , prior to the Civil War , ever mentioned or alluded to the power so readily found by the majority in both Knox and Juilliard .
" All conceded , as an axiom of constitutional law , that the power did not exist , " 110 U.S. , at 454 .
The defects in findings of historical fact , argument and reasoning in both cases were ably pointed out by George Bancroft in his work , A Plea for the Constitution , written in direct response to the Juilliard decision .
If Bancroft did not fully destroy the fallacies of Juilliard , Dr. Edwi
