I think that this dog has made several cognitive breakthroughs .
It understands that the screen is connected to the board and that the board can control the skater .
Even understanding the " concept " of controlling something externally is completely alien to a dog .
Totally completely amazing !!
November 16 , 2009
Dahr Jamail , author of The Will to Resist : Soldiers Who Refuse to Fight in Iraq and Afghanistan , shows how the military 's push to deploy personnel , despite their physical or mental health , goes well beyond the case of Major Nidal Malik Hasan .
THE MILITARY operates through indoctrination .
Soldiers are programmed to develop a mindset that resists any acknowledgment of injury and sickness , be it physical or psychological .
As a consequence , tens of thousands of soldiers continue to serve , even being deployed to combat zones like Iraq and / or Afghanistan , despite persistent injuries .
According to military records , over 43,000 troops classified as " nondeployable for medical reasons " have been deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan nevertheless .
The recent atrocity at Fort Hood is an example of this .
Major Nidal Malik Hasan had worked as a counselor at Walter Reed , hearing countless stories of bloodshed , horror and death from dismembered veterans from the occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
While he had not yet served in Iraq or Afghanistan , the major was overloaded with secondary trauma , coupled with ongoing harassment about his being a Muslim .
This , along with other factors , contributed towards Hasan falling into a desperation so deep he was willing to slaughter fellow soldiers , and is indicative of fissures running deep into the crumbling edifice upon which the U.S. military stands .
THE CASE of Private Timothy Rich also demonstrates the disastrous implications of the apathetic attitude of the military toward its own .
Not dissimilar from Major Hasan , who clearly would have benefited from treatment for the secondary trauma he was experiencing from his work with psychologically wounded veterans , one of the main factors that forced Private Rich to go absent without leave ( AWOL ) was the failure of the military to treat his mental issues .
Rich told Truthout , " In my unit , to go to sick call for mental health was looked down upon .
Our acting First Sergeant believed that we should n't have mental issues because we were too ' high speed . '
So I was afraid to go because I did n't want to be labeled as a weak soldier . "
What followed was more harrowing , as he describes :
The other problems arose when I brought my girlfriend down to marry her .
My unit believed her to be a problem starter , so I was ordered not to marry her , taken to a small finance company by an NCO , and forced to draw a loan in order to buy her a plane ticket to return home .
They escorted her to the airport and through security to ensure that she left .
Once the NCO left , she turned around and hitchhiked back to Fort Bragg .
Before the unit could discover us , we went to the courthouse and got married .
We were then summoned by my commander , Captain Jones , to his office and reprimanded .
He called me a dumb-ass soldier and a shit bag for marrying her , and told my wife that she was a fool to marry someone as stupid as me .
Members of my unit started referring to me as Private Bitch instead of Private Rich .
The entire episode caused a lot of strain in our relationship .
Unable to cope with all this , I bought two plane tickets and went AWOL with my wife .
Rich was later apprehended when a federal warrant was issued against him .
After 11 days in a country jail , he was transported back to Fort Bragg in North Carolina .
On August 17 , 2008 , he was wrongly assigned to Echo Platoon that was part of the 82nd Airborne , whereas his unit was part of the 18th Airborne .
Rich recollects , " I was confused when they assigned me to the 82nd .
I was dismissed as a liar when I brought this up with my NCO , Sgt. Joseph Fulgence , and my commander , Capt .
Thaxton .
I ended up spending a year at Echo before being informed that I was never supposed to have been in the 82nd . "
At Fort Bragg , he was permitted to seek mental health treatment and was diagnosed with schizophrenia , psychosis , insomnia and a mood disorder .
This , however , did not stop his commander from harassing him .
His permanent profile from the doctor restricted him from being on duty before 0800 ( 8 a.m. ) hours , but his commander , Sgt. Fulgence , dismissed the profile as merely a guideline and not a mandatory directive .
The soldier was accused of using mental health as a pretext to avoid duty .
So Rich was up every morning for first formation at 0545 ( 5:45 a.m. ) .
It was n't until he refused to take his medication because it made him groggy in the morning that his doctor called his commander and settled the matter .
By then , Rich had already been forced to violate his profile for six months .
During this period , his mental health deteriorated rapidly .
The combined effect of heavy medication and restrictions on his home visits resulted in his experiencing blackouts that led him to take destructive actions in the barracks .
When he was discovered talking about killing the chain of command , he was put on a 24 - hour suicide watch that seemed to have served little purpose , because on August 17 , he was able to elude his guards and make his way to the roof of his barracks .
" I climbed onto the roof of the building and sat up there , thinking about my family and my situation , and decided to go ahead and end my suffering by taking a nose dive off the building , " Rich explained to Truthout .
His body plummeted through the air , bounced off a tree , and he landed on his back with a cracked spine .
The military gave him a back brace , psychotropic drugs and a renewed 24 - hour suicide watch , measures as effective in alleviating his pain as his failed suicide attempt .
When Truthout contacted him just days after his failed suicide attempt , a fatigued Rich detailed his hellish year - long plight of awaiting a discharge that never came :
I want to leave here very bad .
For four months , they have been telling me that I 'll get out next week .
It got to the point that the NCOs would tell me just to calm me down that I 'd be going home the next day .
They went as far as to call my wife and requesting her to lie that she was coming to get me the next day .
I eventually stopped believing them .
I did n't see an end to it , so I figured I 'd try and end it myself .
The noncommissioned officers in his barracks thought it was hilarious that Rich had jumped , and he was offered money for an encore that could be videotaped .
At the time , he was in a " holdover " unit , comprised mostly of AWOL soldiers who had turned themselves in or had been arrested .
Others in his unit had untreated mental health problems like him or were suffering from severe PTSD ( post - traumatic stress disorder ) from deployments in Iraq and or Afghanistan .
According to Rich , every soldier in his platoon was subjected to abusive treatment of some kind or the other : " It even got to the point when our First Sgt. Cisneros told us that if it were up to him , we all would all be taken out back and shot , and that we needed to pray to our gods because we were going to pay [ for our actions ] . "
TIM'S WIFE Megan had to bear his never - ending ordeal in equal measure .
She witnessed the military 's callousness up close .
She informed Truthout :
Since February of this year , Tim 's unit had been telling him he would be out in two weeks .
After two weeks , when he asked , they would repeat the same thing .
At times , he would get excited and start packing his belongings , and I would try to figure out how to get him home to Ohio .
He would call me crying in relief , because he thought we were going to be together again real soon .
The military forced me to lie to him , too .
When he realized they did not mean to release him , he grew very destructive during his blackout spells .
Eventually , he simply gave up on coming home .
Megan first realized there was a problem with the way the military was treating her husband when she noticed him doing and saying things that were out of character for him , like apologizing for not being a good husband and father , and being openly suicidal .
He had also begun to self - medicate with alcohol , an increasing trend among soldiers not receiving adequate mental - health treatment from the military .
She revealed to Truthout :
He had quit for the girls and me , but it seems like he could not handle the stress and needed an escape .
This caused a huge problem between us , and we began to argue about it .
He became severely depressed , pulled away from me , and started to do things he normally does n't do , such as giving away his money and belongings , and telling the recipients that he would n't need those things in hell .
She sensed that her husband would be in trouble if he were to stand up for himself , so she began to advocate on his behalf .
Her attempts to do so met with fresh abuse from his commanders .
The chain of command banned her from the company barracks and had her escorted off post .
The couple was commandeered into Sgt. Fulgence 's office , where they were chastised .
The sergeant referred to Megan as " a bad mother " and " a bitch . "
When Megan attempted to leave the office in protest , the sergeant ordered her to stay and listen to what he had to say .
This was followed by an encounter with the commander of the platoon , Commander Thaxton .
The commander in this case ordered Tim to shut up , and threatened him with confinement .
He demanded that Megan explain what kind of mother would bring her child to a new location without a place to live .
She tried telling him that the AER loan was for her to come to Fort Bragg , since they had lost their house after Tim 's arrest and loss of job .
Although the paperwork for the loan clearly stated it was for her travel , food and lodging at Fort Bragg , the commander insisted it was for an apartment .
When Tim intervened to say that the $ 785 would not be sufficient to pay rent and bills , especially since he was n't being paid his wages , and his wife could n't work because of the baby , both Sgt Fulgence and Capt .
Thaxton " had a nice laugh over that " and dismissed the duo , according to Tim , referring to them as " juvenile dumb- asses . "
After Tim returned from being AWOL and was brought up on charges , he went through 706 ( a psychology board ) that declared him mentally incompetent at the time of his being AWOL .
It took a painfully long amount of time for the charges to be dismissed without prejudice .
The soldier believes that his superiors deliberately refused to do the requisite paperwork for his clearance and subsequent resumption of his pay .
He told Truthout :
Every time I came on base , I got arrested , even though I was on active duty again .
Then my wife and I got an AER loan for her to come down to Fort Bragg .
When she got there and my pay continued to be withheld , the AER money ran out , and my wife and child had to sleep in the van we owned .
When my unit found out , they called the Military Police and ordered me to give custody of my daughter to my father .
When Tim refused to do that , they punished him by confining him to the barracks and barring his wife from entering the base .
To add insult , the chain of command took away his van keys and said that neither he nor Megan was allowed use it .
The nightmare ended when the military finally released Private Timothy Rich , and by default , Megan .
He was discharged and " allowed " to enter the ranks of U.S. citizens searching for jobs and health care .
Their traumatic journey to that starting point is what distinguishes them from their civilian counterparts .
Rich 's advice to anyone thinking of joining the military today : " Do n't join .
Everything they advertise and tell you about how it's a family - friendly army is a lie . "
SGT .
HEATH
Carter suffered a similar fate at the hands of an indifferent military command .
Upon return from the invasion of Iraq , he discovered that his daughter Sierra was living in an unsafe environment in Arkansas under the care of his first wife , who had full custody of the child .
Heath and his new wife , Teresa , started consulting attorneys in order to secure custody of Sierra , who also suffered from a life - threatening medical condition .
Precisely during this time , the military chose to keep changing Carter 's duty station from Fort Polk , Louisiana , to Fort Huachuca , Arizona , then to Fort Stewart , Georgia .
Not only did these constant transfers make it difficult for Carter to see his daughter , they also reduced his chances of gaining custody of Sierra .
Convinced that this was a matter of life and death for his daughter , he requested compassionate reassignment to Fort Leavenworth , Missouri , about two hours from his first wife 's home in Arkansas .
His appeals to the military command , the legal department , chaplain and even to his congressman failed , and the military insisted that he remain at Fort Stewart , Georgia .
Having run out of all available avenues , in May 2007 , he went AWOL from Fort Stewart and headed home to Arkansas , where he fought for and won custody of Sierra , and was able to literally save her life by obtaining needed medical care for her .
However , on January 25 of this year , Carter was arrested at his home by the military police , who flew him back to Fort Stewart , where he has been awaiting charges for the past eight months .
Being a sergeant , he is in a regular unit and not in a holdover , but that does not help his cause .
Initially , his commander told him it would take a month and a half for him to be sent home .
Several months later , it was decided he would receive a court - martial .
Carter feels frustrated :
Now I have to wait for the court martial .
It 's taken this long for them to decide .
If we had known it would take this long , my family could have moved down here .
Every time I ask when I 'll have a trial , they say it is only going to be another two weeks .
I get the feeling they are lying .
They have messed with my pay .
They 're trying to push me to do something wrong .
His ordeal has forced Carter to reflect on the wars .
He admits that although his original reason for going AWOL was personal , and he had otherwise been proud of his missions , he sees things in Iraq differently today .
" I do n't think there is any reason for us to be there except for oil , " he said .
Yet both Private Rich and Sgt. Carter were offered deployments to Afghanistan amid their struggles .
It is soldiers like these that the military will use to fill the ranks of the next " surge " of troops into Afghanistan , which at the time of this writing , appears to be as many as 34,000 troops .
The stage is set for more tragic incidents like the recent massacre at Fort Hood .
First published at Truthout.org .
Sarah Lazare contributed to this report .
I so look forward to sharing science knowledge , exploring new places and new ideas , and having some fun along the way .
Check out the links at the top for your class page , and feel free to explore the links at the right for a glimpse into what we 've done in the past .
Welcome to school year 2020 - 2021 !
As you probably know , I 'll be doing most of my business through Google Classroom , and this website will only be for backups and supplementary information .
Some Nurses Say No to Mandatory Flu Shots
Large nursing groups are against new mandatory flu shots for hospital workers .
Oct. 2 , 2009  --
Parents are used to mandatory vaccines for children entering school , but the idea of compulsory shots for adults is stirring up quite a controversy this fall .
For the first time , hospitals , university health systems , and even the state of New York , are requiring that health care workers get the flu vaccine -- and not all employees are happy about it .
Hundreds of people took to the New York state capitol Tuesday to protest the New York State Hospital Review and Planning Council 's regulation making the annual influenza vaccination and the forthcoming H1N1 vaccine ( Swine Flu ) mandatory for state health care workers .
" It makes me feel very vulnerable , " a nurse at the rally told ABC News affiliate WHAM in Rochester .
" It makes me feel like I 'm a guinea pig . "
Currently , the voluntary vaccination rates for health care workers average around 50 percent .
" It drives vaccine advocates crazy , " said Robert Field , a professor of law and public health at Drexel University .
" For a nurse and a health care worker , it 's not just an issue of taking care of yourself -- you 're in a position to do particular damage , " Field said , referring to a handful of recent cases in which patients in a cardiac care unit died as a result of getting the flu from a nurse .
" In a healthcare institution , there 's no magic number for herd immunity , " Field added .
" Just one person with an infectious case can spread the disease . "
All health care workers who have contact with patients in New York are required to get both flu shots or face the possibility of losing their jobs .
Only employees with medical issues are exempted , and the rule does n't apply to those who work in nursing homes .
New York State Health Commissioner Dr. Richard F. Daines replied to the objections with an open letter , saying " on this ( issue ) , the facts are very clear : the welfare of patients is , without any doubt , best served by the very high rates of staff immunity that can only be achieved with mandatory influenza vaccination -- not the 40 - 50 percent rates of staff immunization historically achieved with even the most vigorous of voluntary programs . "
New York is the first state to require the shots , but the state government is following on the heels of renowned universities and the Hospital Corporation of America ( HCA ) -- one of the largest hospital management corporations in the country .
Should Hospitals Mandate the Flu Shot ?
Anticipating an ongoing trend , the California Nurses Association and the National Nurses Organizing Committee ( CNA / NNOC ) issued a formal opposition Wednesday as " bargaining demands to hospital management and as guidance to regulators and legislators . "
" What sort of gets lost in all of this in this rush to mandate these vaccines , is the employers right now are n't even doing the basics to protect the nurses and the patients , " said Deborah Burger , a registered nurse and president of the California Nurses Association .
The , CNA / NNOC strongly recommended nurses get the vaccine , but said that they should have the right to refuse it for personal reasons .
Burger and the CAN / NNOC charge that employers should institute isolation rooms for patients sick with the flu , allow more sick leave with compensation for nurses and buy the proper masks for patients sick with the H1N1 virus .
" It gives you a false sense of security that you 're vaccinated against three viruses that cause the flu .
There are hundreds of viruses that cause flu - like symptoms , " Burger said .
" The vaccine itself is anywhere from 60 - 90 percent effective . "
However , the chief medical officer of HCA , Dr. Jonathan B. Perlin , said the company chose to mandate the flu vaccine because of compelling studies that showed it saved lives and kept health care workers well and at work .
More than 120,000 HCA employees will be offered a free vaccine or can go get a free vaccine at CVS before the end of the month .
" The reason is really straightforward : a woman should n't come into a hospital to deliver a baby and leave with the flu , " said Perlin .
" When you achieve that perfect level of vaccination , there is a 40 percent reduction in death from the flu among patients , " he added .
Perlin said having 100 percent vaccination can also reduce sick days among health care workers by 41 percent , citing statistics gleaned from several studies over the past 10 years .
More Hospitals Mandate Flu Shot for Workers
The HCA is not alone in their decision .
Hospitals across the nation from the Virginia Mason Health System in Seattle , to the Loyola University Health System in Chicago , BJC health Care in Missouri , Emory in Atlanta , and the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Maryland have implemented flu vaccine mandates this year .
The penalties for employees who refuse vary from dismissal , to the requirement of wearing a surgical mask for the whole of flu season .
" Legally , in most states , employers do have that right … unless there 's a specific exception in a contract , " said Field .
" You could also say that if you have chosen to work in the health care field , you have chosen to put yourself in a position where you can affect the lives and health of many others . "
Opponents of the mandates also cite the rushed safety trials of the H1N1 vaccine as cause for concern , and that nurses and other health care workers should have a right to refuse the new vaccine for that reason .
In response to the New York state vaccine mandate , the New York State Public Employees Federation ( PEF ) released a statement stating " vaccination for influenza is not as effective in the control of disease as vaccination for diseases such as polio , measles , and mumps .
The safety of the H1N1 vaccine has not been as thoroughly established . "
Field acknowledged that the H1N1 vaccine was manufactured and tested quickly over the summer , but the rush did n't concern him .
" H1N1 has gone through a much faster testing process than others because the time frame is so much less so we do n't have as much of a data trail to support it , " said Field .
" But what we 've seen so far clearly demonstrates effectiveness . "
Field also pointed out that seasonal flu vaccines have had a good track record since 1976 , when a number of people reported symptoms of an autoimmune reaction called Guillain - Barré .
The reaction attacks the person 's nerves and can lead to paralysis .
" The fear with vaccines often relates back to the 1976 scare of Guillain - Barré syndrome , " said Field .
" But even though it was associated with the flu vaccine , it was extremely rare . "
Sept. 30 , 2009  --
This fall while members of Congress toil in the U.S. Capitol , working to decide how or even whether to reform the country 's health care system , one floor below them an elaborate Navy medical clinic -- described by those who have seen it as something akin to a modern community hospital -- will be standing by , on - call and ready to provide Congress with some of the country 's best and most efficient government - run health care .
Formally called the Office of the Attending Physician , the clinic -- and at least six satellite offices it supports -- bills its mission as one of emergency preparedness and public health .
Each day , it stands ready to handle medical emergencies , biological attacks and the occasional fainting tourist visiting Capitol Hill .
Officially , the office acknowledges these types of services , including providing physicals to Capitol police officers and offering flu shots to congressional staffers .
But what is rarely discussed outside the halls of Congress is the office 's other role -- providing a wealth of primary care medical services to senators , representatives and Supreme Court justices .
Through interviews with former employees and members of Congress , as well as extensive document searches , ABC News has learned new details about the services offered by the Office of Attending Physician to members of Congress over the past few years , from regular visits by a consulting chiropractor to on - site physical therapy .
" A member walked in and was generally walked right back into a physician 's office .
They get good care .
They are not rushed .
They are examined thoroughly , " said Eduardo Balbona , an internist in Jacksonville , Fla. , who worked as a staff physician in the OAP from 1993 to 1995 .
" You have time to spend to get to know your patients and think about them and really think about how you preserve their health going forward , " Balbona said .
" We 're not there to put on Band - Aids .
We were there to make sure that everything possible that could be done [ is done ] to preserve that member of Congress . "
Office of the Attending Physician Services
Services offered by the Office of the Attending Physician include physicals and routine examinations , on - site X - rays and lab work , physical therapy and referrals to medical specialists from military hospitals and private medical practices .
According to congressional budget records , the office is staffed by at least four Navy doctors as well as at least a dozen medical and X - ray technicians , nurses and a pharmacist .
Sources said when specialists are needed , they are brought to the Capitol , often at no charge to members of Congress .
" If you had , for example , prostate cancer , you would go to one of the centers of excellence for the country , which would be Johns Hopkins .
If you had coronary artery disease , we would engage specialists at the Cleveland Clinic .
You would go to the best care in the country .
And , for the most part , nobody asked what your insurance was , " Balbona said .
In addition to Balbona , several former staff members and private physicians who have consulted at the OAP as recently as last year agreed to talk to ABC News on background .
They described a culture centered on meeting the needs and whims of members of Congress , with almost no concern for cost .
Members of Congress do not pay for the individual services they receive at the OAP , nor do they submit claims through their federal employee health insurance policies .
Instead , members pay a flat , annual fee of $ 503 for all the care they receive .
The rest of the cost of their care , sources said , is subsidized by taxpayers .
Last year , Congress appropriated more than $ 3 million to reimburse the Navy for staff salaries at the office .
Next year 's budget allocates $ 3.8 million for the office , including more than half a million dollars to upgrade the Office 's radiology suite .
Sources said additional money to operate the office is included in the Navy 's annual budget .
In 2008 , 240 members paid the annual fee , though some sources say congressmen who did n't pay the fee were rarely prevented from using OAP services .
Office of the Attending Physician Would Not Comment
The OAP refused to comment in detail for this story , and Rear Adm. Brian Monahan , the Attending Physician to Congress , did not return phone calls requesting an interview .
When ABC News chief medical editor Dr. Timothy Johnson visited the office in person in September to speak with Monahan , he was asked to leave .
After Johnson 's visit , Kyle Anderson , a spokesman for the House Committee on Administration , which partially oversees the OAP , called ABC News and agreed to answer some general questions via e-mail .
He refused to discuss the number of staff members who work at the OAP or the type of facilities the OAP makes available to members of Congress .
Requests by ABC
News to tour the facility were also denied due to " security sensitivities . "
Anderson said members of Congress are treated by specialists from military hospitals who visit the OAP at no charge .
Congressmen are also eligible for free out - patient care at military facilities in the Washington , D.C. , area , including Walter Reed Army Medical Center and Bethesda Naval Medical Center .
However , Anderson said , " individual health insurance is required for members to see local health professionals . "
Rep. Kagen Refused Health Care Benefits
Rep. Steve Kagen of Wisconsin -- one of 15 medical doctors in Congress -- is the only member of either the House or Senate who has no health insurance coverage .
Kagen , a Democrat and advocate for health care reform , said he turned down the plan he was offered through the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program .
" I said , ' I 'll tell you what .
I respectfully decline .
Until you can make the same offer to everyone that I have the honor of representing , I just do n't think it 's fair , " Kagen said he told the congressional staffer who reviewed the plan with him in 2006 .
But while Kagen has touted in campaign advertisements and news interviews that he has no health insurance coverage , he has openly admitted he used OAP services .
In January , for example , he paid more than $ 4,000 out of pocket for outpatient arthroscopic knee surgery .
After the procedure , he said , he used the attending physician 's office and staff to assist him with physical therapy .
" It 's one of the , quote , benefits of being in Congress , " Kagen said .
" They have physicians and nurses that will see you on the spot , on the beck and call . "
Kagen said he believed the office was no different than the on - site medical clinics at major corporations .
" It 's kind of like being at a very large employer , where you have an on - site nurse or an on - site doctor , an on - site capability to get your immunizations or your blood pressure checked . "
Those who have worked at the OAP , however , said the services are far more advanced than what is available at most companies .
One former staff member , who asked not to be named , described the OAP as " the best health care on the planet . "
Primary Care
Members of Congress interviewed for this story say they believe the model of ready primary care services offered by the OAP should be expanded nationwide , though few discussed the logistics of how those services could be offered .
Republican Rep. Lee Terry of Nebraska says he does not use the OAP and was unaware of the types of services it offers .
" I do n't participate , " Terry said .
" But I know there 's an option that you could use them as your , in essence , family practitioner while you 're here . "
Terry is introducing a bill to expand another health care model used by Congress -- the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program -- to all Americans .
The FEHBP is an insurance exchange that allows federal employees to choose health insurance from several options .
Asked if the model of primary care services provided by the OAP should also be included in his legislation , Terry said , " I think that 's a fair question .
... [ All Americans ] should have that , because , frankly , having a physician you can call or contact actually helps drive down costs . "
Yearly Fee
One aspect of the office 's operations which remains unclear is just how the annual $ 503 fee is determined .
Until 1992 , OAP services were free to members of Congress .
But after former Sen. Harris Wofford of Pennsylvania angered members by introducing a bill to make Congress members pay market rate prices for using the OAP , a compromise was reached .
Instead of charging for each service , Wofford said , members of the House and Senate agreed to hire independent consultants to determine the average value of the services offered and to use that amount to determine an annual fee .
" We thought of the pricing much like an HMO , " Wofford said of the compromise pricing model .
" The attending physician at the time told me he had no interest in handling insurance or billing for each service available . "
But Wofford said the House and Senate committees tasked with determining the fee each insisted on hiring their own consultants , leading to a split pricing system .
According to press accounts from 1992 , the Senate set the fee at $ 520 ; the House fee was set at $ 263 for the same care .
At some point , sources say , the separate rates were scrapped and replaced with the single fee , now set at $ 503 .
The Office of the Attending Physician refused to comment on the fee or why it has not changed significantly in 17 years , despite rampant inflation in all other areas of health care costs .
Anderson refused repeated requests for the Committee on House Administration to provide details of how the rate is determined or who determines it .
" Members pay an annual fee determined by an independent actuary for use of the OAP services , " Anderson responded each time he was asked about the pricing model .
Defending the Office
While many former staff members told ABC News they believe the services of the Office of the Attending Physician were often abused by some members of Congress , others , including Balbona , said the office serves a necessary role protecting the legislative branch of the federal government .
Balbona said he agreed to talk to ABC News to defend the O.A.P .
" They provide members an accessible , professional place to get services .
The alternative would be members going throughout Washington , DC , interrupting their service to our country , " Balbona said .
" It 's not a political perk .
Much like a medic who 's in combat , it 's not a perk for those soldiers .
It 's part of the mission . "
( CNN ) --
Most college students expect to receive their diplomas on the basis of grades , but at a Pennsylvania school , physical fitness matters too .
Students at Lincoln University with a body mass index of 30 or above , reflective of obesity , must take a fitness course that meets three hours per week .
Those who are assigned to the class but do not complete it cannot graduate .
Calculate your body mass index
Now that the first class to have this requirement imposed is nearing graduation day -- students who entered in the fall of 2006 -- the school faces criticism from both students and outsiders about the fitness class policy .
One of those students is Tiana Lawson , 21 , whose recent editorial in the student paper has drawn national attention to the issue .
Lawson wrote in The Lincolnian that she would be more understanding if the requirement applied to everyone .
She thinks all students , not just those with a high BMI , should have to take the class .
Read Lawson 's editorial in The Lincolnian
" I did n't come to Lincoln to be told that my weight is not in an acceptable range , " Lawson wrote .
" I came here to get an education which , as a three - time honor student , is something I have been doing quite well , despite the fact that I have a slightly high Body Mass Index . "
Lawson , who told CNN she had been putting off getting her BMI tested until this year , recently found out she would have to take the class .
At first angry , Lawson said she is now more " confused " about the requirement .
" I do n't know why they would want some people to be more healthy than others , " she said .
But James DeBoy , chairman of the school 's Department of Health and Physical Education , says the requirement is just like courses to help students ' communications or math proficiency .
The faculty also has a priority to be honest with students , he said .
" We , as educators , must tell students when we believe , in our heart of hearts , when certain factors , certain behaviors , attitudes , whatever , are going to hinder that student from achieving and maximizing their life goals , " he said .
Moreover , if there were unlimited resources , the fitness opportunities would be for all students , but that is not the reality , he said .
The historically black college receives public funding , but is under independent control .
Obesity increases a person 's risk of heart disease , type 2 diabetes , stroke , some cancers and other ailments .
African - Americans were 1.4 times as likely to be obese as non-Hispanic whites in 2007 , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
About four out of five African - American women are overweight or obese , the agency said .
" Obesity is going to rob you of your quality and quantity of life , " DeBoy said .
" We believe that this is unconscionable . "
The fitness course , called " Fitness for Life , " consists of activities including water aerobics , Tai Bo and aerobic dance , he said .
Because BMI is not a perfect measure of obesity , students also have their waist circumference measured , he said .
There are some people who have a high BMI because of their muscle mass , but are not actually obese , and the waist measurement is meant to weed out those people .
From a legal perspective , the school 's requirement seems " paternalistic " and " intrusive , " said David Kairys , professor of law at Temple University Law School in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
" The part that seems excessive is forcing them to take this course , or to exercise three hours a week , which is n't a bad idea for them , but should be their choice , " he said .
Lincoln is " breaking new ground " with this requirement , as Kairys has not heard of one like it at other schools .
Some students , such as Brittnai Panton , a 19 - year - old freshman from Decatur , Georgia , like the requirement .
She tested out of having to take the class , but supports having it around .
" Being in this day and age where people are becoming overweight and need more fitness , I think it 's a great idea to earn extra credit , an easy extra credit , " she said .
Many of her classmates do n't find it offensive , she said .
" It is like you 're getting a second chance to actually do fitness in school , which certain people would n't do , " she said .
" Many of them find it an easy credit . "
DeBoy said 620 students have either tested out or taken the course , with 80 remaining to get their BMI evaluated .
He estimates 12 to 15 will need to take the fitness class in January .
When the faculty first approved the fitness course requirement in 2006 , there were minimal concerns raised , he said .
The intention is to spread the message that people in school , including high school and middle school , need more physical activity .
" This is one university 's -- granted it 's radical and it's upsetting -- approach to try to begin to directly address " obesity , he said .
WASHINGTON — Lou Dobbs ’ swift exit from CNN after criticism of his coverage of immigration may be more reflective of the times than first thought , according to a survey released with little fanfare on Monday .
Americans are largely supportive of a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants , a new report by the Pew Research Center concluded .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sixty - three percent of the public support the idea , up from 58 percent in 2007 , the year of a contentious immigration debate that ended in legislative failure .
The study also revealed a growing partisan divide on the issue since 2007 , with Democratic approval for the provision rising by 11 percent and Republican support falling by 6 points .
The language used to describe the issue proved to have a notable impact on public opinion .
Support fell considerably , particularly among Republicans , when asked whether they support “ amnesty for illegal immigrants ” as opposed to a “ pathway to citizenship . ”
Democrats are preparing to push for reform inclusive of this provision next year , and the debate is likely to coincide with the 2010 elections .
The issue is n’t a high priority for the general public but it ’s likely to play an important role among Hispanic voters , a burgeoning electoral force who rate immigration as a higher priority than other demographics .
Scott Keeter , Pew ’s Director of Survey Research , described the Obama plan as “ a ‘ three - legged stool ’ including stricter enforcement , a ‘ tough and fair pathway to earned legal status ’ for undocumented immigrants already in the U.S. , and a more efficient process for legal immigration , ” in light of a recent speech by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
“ Immigration is a hugely energizing force in Latino engagement in political life , ” Clarissa Martinez , Director of Immigration & National Campaigns for the Hispanic advocacy group National Council of La Raza , told Raw Story .
ADVERTISEMENT
Martinez said the issue is likely to help Democrats because “ sadly , more members of the Republican Party – although not exclusively – have embraced an anti-immigrant stance . ”
The legalization process is likely to be a contentious issue as a key plank in the GOP ’s newly revealed “ purity test ” for members includes “ opposing amnesty for illegal immigrants . ”
But The Hispanic Institute ’s Board Chairman Gus
West is n’t so sure of Democrats ’ commitment to the issue , saying that Democrats had better deliver and ought not to take the Latino vote for granted .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ So far , the Obama administration has been a continuation of the Bush administration on immigration , ” West said , slamming the 44th president ’s lack of enthusiasm toward the issue so far .
Both NCLR and THI expressed optimism for an immigration overhaul next year , adding that the path to legalization is a crucial sticking point and the Latino community would reward lawmakers who pass a strong bill .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There are key senate races in Florida , California , and even an open - seat race in Texas , where the Hispanic constituency can play a very large role , ” Cliff Schecter , President of progressive political strategy firm Libertas LLC . , said .
“ And of course , states like Arizona and Florida will be growing electorally by 2012 . ”
The 2007 Bush legislation included the pathway to citizenship and other components Obama supports , but was marred by anti-immigrant sentiments and sparring from both sides of the political spectrum .
Obama , who voted for the 2007 legislation as a senator , now faces a challenge if he is to win broad approval for an overhaul .
Attempts by regular people to be on the public eye , have ranged from silly , i.e. : Heidi & Spencer Pratt ( “ Speidi ” ) , from MTV’s The Hills , having a fake wedding in Mexico , to irresponsible , i.e. : the balloon boy hoax and lately , with the Virginia couple who crashed a White House dinner , has even exposed flaws on the Secret Service .
These hoaxes may start silly and innocent enough , but it makes you wonder what would the next fame hungry person will do to make a name for themselves ?
They can only up the amp .
One thing all these cases have in common is that they all are / aspire to be in a reality show .
Recently and innocently enough , Nadya Suleman , a mom with six children went trough in vitro in order to have more kids .
She ended up having eight more babies and being known as Octo - Mom .
As I said before , she ’s doing it for the fame .
Richard and Mayumi Heene , aka “ balloon boy masterminds ” had already appeared in ABC ’s “ Wife Swap ” a few times and were looking to up their notoriety in order to sell their reality show to networks .
With this hoax , not only they had a nation worried about the safety of a six - year - old , but they spent a lot of tax - payer money in order to retrieve a child who was n’t in the balloon to begin with .
Not only that , but what example does this gives to three young kids ?
And as recent as last week , Tareq and Michaele Salahi , the Virginia couple who crashed the Obama ’s dinner are also trying to get more notoriety for an upcoming “ The Real Housewives ” reality show with Bravo .
I must admit , however , that even though they did crash the party for fame and pictures , it was only the Secret Service fault here .
They should have known this couple was n’t invited to the wedding .
Fame has become so easy to attain for anyone , before , fame used to mean something .
It meant someone was a talented performer , player or political figure .
With the advent of reality shows and Youtube , more and more careless and irresponsible individuals have been trying to become famous no matter what .
Jon and Kate , from TLC ’s Jon and Kate plus eight , do n’t really care about the safety of their kids .
If they did , they would ’ve shut - down production a long time ago and not to negotiate more money / presence in the show .
Nadya Suleman , would ’ve used the disability money she had not to pay for in vitro or plastic surgery to look like Angelina Jolie , but to feed her original six kids , to provide them with clothes and better shelter and hopefully a future .
Now , with rumors still existing for a book and a TV deal , plus constant coverage on US Weekly , her efforts have paid themselves .
Yet , who cares about these 14 children ?
No one .
And now , Nadya is famous for getting pregnant .
We need , as a society , as a nation and as consumers to avoid anything that has to do with any of these people , or future individuals who will be careless enough to put themselves , their children or anyone else in danger for their benefit .
Even if it ’s not reckless , even if it ’s stupid like “ Speidi ” is , we need to put a check and not put them in the cover of a magazine or as a center story .
The media also has a big responsibility when it comes to this and it ’s time they are held accountable .
On that note E ! should be congratulated by banning any news regarding Heidi and Spencer Pratt ( unless it ’s legitimate , like babies or death ) .
I ca n’t imagine what hoax or desperate - attempt - for - fame someone will do , but hopefully it will go unnoticed .
HQ Vid High Definition High Quality Porn XXX Videos
Their sweet pussies drip in anticipation , but it ’s their asses that give them the most intense sensations , so they beg first for a wandering tongue and a wet rimjob before they feel the slow slide of a hard dick pushing deeper and deeper inside them .
They can take maximum penetration and thrive on deep thrusts into their rear ends , because with every plunge , they get closer to ecstasy .
What ’s more is that these nymphos ca n’t get enough , so they work their curvy bottoms to perfection in order to entice as many adventurers as possible .
Not every babe likes to take it from behind , but our free sex movies show you how much these vixens love the tight squeeze and steady pounding of a hard cock between their cheeks , and the volume and frequency of their orgasms will prove just that .
Come see how much it takes to satisfy their endless appetites at HQvid.com , because here we celebrate the hotties who live to squat , ride and bend over just to be fingered and fucked in the bum , and trust us , these chicks are no stranger to a hardcore banging just for your pleasure .
Some sufferers of ME have such severe symptoms they are confined to bed US scientists say they have made a potential breakthrough in understanding what causes the condition known as chronic fatigue syndrome ( CFS ) or ME .
Their research in the journal , Science , suggests that a single retrovirus known as XMRV does play a role in ME .
They found the virus in 67 % of ME patients compared to under 4 % of the general population .
But experts cautioned that the study did not conclusively prove a link between XMRV and ME .
ME is a debilitating condition that affects an estimated 17 million people worldwide .
The discovery raises hopes of new treatments for the condition .
Retroviruses are known to cause neurological symptoms , cancer and immunological deficiencies .
Contributing factor The Whittemore Peterson Institute in Nevada , said they had extracted the DNA from XMRV in the blood of 68 out of 101 patients with the condition .
ME FACTS
Causes chronic fatigue and muscle pain Impairs immune system Does not improve with sleep
More women than men suffer from it Condition controversial in 1980's when some medical authorities doubted whether it was a genuine physical illness Cell culture experiments revealed that the patient - derived XMRV was infectious .
The researchers said these findings raise the possibility that XMRV may be a contributing factor to ME .
XMRV is also known to have a role in some prostate cancers .
Dr Judy Mikovits , who led the study , said : " It 's a blood borne pathogen that we contract through body fluids and blood transmission .
" The symptoms of ME - chronic fatigue , immune deficiencies , chronic infections - are what we see with retroviruses .
" This discovery could be a major step in the discovery of vital treatment options for millions of patients . "
Tony Britton , of the ME Association said : " This is fascinating work - but it does n't conclusively prove a link between the XMRV virus and chronic fatigue syndrome or ME .
" Many people with ME / CFS say their illness started after a viral infection , and a number of enteroviruses and herpes viruses have also been implicated in the past .
" ME / CFS is an immensely complex illness , with many possible causes and there are up to 240,000 sufferers in the UK desperate to get better . "
Invest in ME are enormously encouraged by the current research which shows a potential new cause for this devastating neurological illness .
More importantly it promises a diagnostic test is within reach .
A spokesman for Invest in ME said : " This is a huge step achieved in such a short time and will bring hope to all people with ME and their families .
" We now call on the UK government , the Chief Medical Officer and the Medical Research Council to support our view that only a research strategy based on adequately funded and coordinated biomedical research into ME will succeed in creating treatments and eventually a cure for this devastating neurological illness .
" Dr Richard Grunewald , a consultant neurologist at the Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation
Trust who is also on the panel that gives advice to NICE on CFS , said he had reservations about the research .
He said : " The idea that all CFS can be caused by a single virus does n't sound plausible to most people who work in the field .
" A lot of the symptoms of CFS are not those of a viral infection . "
Sir Peter Spencer , chief executive of Action for ME , said : " It is still early days so we are trying not to get too excited but this news is bound to raise high hopes among a large patient group that has been ignored for far too long .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Representatives from the United States , Britain , France , Germany , China and Russia are scheduled to meet today in Brussels to discuss future steps to dissuade Iran from developing the capacity to build nuclear weapons .
Our message to the world leaders :
If you want peace , prepare for war .
President Obama said yesterday that the international community intends to send a “ clear message ” to Iran .
Unfortunately , Iran has clearly gotten the message already :
It has nothing to fear .
The United States has shown no desire to take serious steps to confront Tehran on the nuclear issue .
It ’s doubtful that anything will come out of Brussels to change the substance of that message .
Iran has learned the lesson of the international community ’s spectacularly flawed attempt to prevent North Korea from developing nuclear weapons .
Years of negotiations , sanctions , agreements , breakdowns and breakthroughs resulted in one of the poorest countries in the world joining the nuclear club .
The missing ingredient throughout the confrontation with Pyongyang was the credible threat of force .
The idea of a strike against North Korea ’s nuclear facilities was never on the table , which freed the state to pursue a two - track strategy of pretending to negotiate away its program while pressing ahead on weapons development .
The United States has never really admitted that diplomacy failed with Pyongyang , and Mr. Obama sealed the sense of cognitive dissonance by rewarding the architect of failure , former Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Christopher R. Hill , with the important ambassadorship in Baghdad .
Tehran is taking a page from Pyongyang ’s book - indeed , the countries collaborate on nuclear matters - by bending just enough to hold out hope to the diplomats without actually delivering .
There is no reason to believe Iran will give up its nuclear program , the true extent of which is still unknown .
Yesterday , inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency examined the nuclear facility at Qom that Iran had concealed for seven years , and an IAEA report released Monday implies that Iran is hiding other nuclear facilities .
It is bewildering that U.S. intelligence agencies still maintain that Iran has no intention of developing nuclear weapons .
The case for using force against Iran is growing more plausible as the threat intensifies .
Compared to the 2002 case for war against Saddam Hussein , it is a slam - dunk .
Unlike Saddam ’s Iraq , Tehran has a functioning nuclear program and is close to being able to assemble nuclear weapons .
It is developing long - range delivery systems and has tested a rocket that could be the basis for an ICBM .
Iran is the world ’s leading state sponsor of terrorism , with a global network of operatives .
Tehran has given safe haven ( what it calls house arrest ) to dozens of members of al Qaeda and supplied sophisticated anti-armor weapons to Iraqi insurgents and the Taliban to use against coalition forces .
Iran is more of a threat than Iraq ever was .
Force need not be used to be effective , but the threat of force must be credible to have any chance of influencing Iranian behavior .
Right now , there is no credible threat emanating from the United States .
The Obama administration unambiguously opposes military action against Iran , particularly by Israel .
But it would help to have a little ambiguity on this issue .
So long as Tehran thinks the United States will work actively to prevent Israel from taking action , it has one less reason to worry .
It would be most helpful if the United States began to send signals to Tehran that the United States will assist Israel in its preparations for military action and maybe even participate when the attack ultimately is launched .
If the regime in Tehran is not made to fear serious consequences for its continued intransigence , it has no reason to abandon its nuclear ambitions .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Mortgage restructuring for strapped homeowners has emerged as a rare growth area in the economy as companies in the field keep hiring .
Four of the largest mortgages servicers -- Bank of America Corp. , Citigroup Inc. , J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Wells Fargo & Co. -- have collectively hired almost 17,000 people this year , mostly to work with financially ailing homeowners .
With the number of defaults rising , many are planning to keep adding staff .
" We 've ...
If nobody hires ex-cons , then we should n’t be shocked when they return to lives of crime .
So , for the good of Chicago , go pick up a couple of hotdogs at Felony Franks .
James Andrews , who owns the West Side dog joint , makes it a point to hire people who have done time , seeing it as a service to a community that ’s been struggling with crime for quite a while .
There has been some pushback from the community , but Andrews stands by his mission .
The menu is pretty straightforward : hotdogs , sausages , steak sandwiches and French fries – the real deal , from raw potatoes .
Orders are take from behind bulletproof glass ( common in the neighborhood , unfortunately ) , but in the spirit of fun , customers are asked , “ Are you ready to plead your case ? ”
Also , an adaptation f the Miranda warning hangs on the wall , proclaiming your “ right to remain hungry ” – as if you ’d want to !
If you ’re jonesing for a “ Misdemeanor Wiener ” but do n’t live in Chicago , there are restaurants around the country that help the recently released start fresh .
West Coast
Delancey Street : this San Francisco eatery is run by a foundation that helps ex-cons , drug addicts and the homeless get back on their feet .
East Coast
Mates Inn : the Trenton , New Jersey joint is on the state corrections department ’s campus .
Andrews must be doing something right .
Since opening , sales have reached $ 30,000 a month , and more than a thousand former inmates have applied for jobs .
% Gallery - 8934 %
SimpleDB is a service primarily for storing and querying structured data ( can e.g. be used for a product catalog with descriptive features per products , or an academic event service with extracted features such as event dates , locations , organizers and topics ) .
( If one wants “ heavier data ” in SimpleDB , e.g. video or images , a good approach be to add paths to Hadoop DFS or S3 objects in the attributes instead of storing them directly )
Unstructured Search for SimpleDB
This posting presents an approach of how to add ( flexible ) unstructured search support to SimpleDB ( with some preliminary query latency numbers below – and very preliminary python code ) .
The motivation is :
Support unstructured search with very low maintenance Combine structured and unstructured search Figure out the feasibility of unstructured search on top of SimpleDB
The Structure of SimpleDB
SimpleDB is roughly a persistent hashtable of hashtables , where each row ( a named item in the outer hashtable ) has another hashtable with up to 256 key - value pairs ( called attributes ) .
The attributes can be 1024 bytes each , so 256 kilobyte totally in the values per row ( note : twice that amount if you store data also as part of the keys + 1024 bytes in the item name ) .
Check out Wikipedia for detailed SimpleDB storage characteristics .
Inverted files
Inverted files is a common way of representing indices for unstructured search .
In their basic form they ( logically ) contain a word with a list of pages or files the word occurs on .
When a query comes one looks up in the inverted file and finds pages or files where the words in the query occur .
( note : if you are curious about inverted file representation check out the survey – Inverted files for text search engines )
One way of representing inverted files on SimpleDB is to map the inverted file on top of the attributes , i.e. have one SimpleDB domain with one word ( term ) , and let the attributes store the list of URLs containing that word .
Since each URL contains many words , it can be useful to have a separate SimpleDB domain containing a mapping from hash of URL to URL and use the hash URL in the inverted file ( keeps the inverted file smaller ) .
In the draft code we created 250 key - value attributes where each key was a string from “ 0 ” to “ 249 ” and each corresponding value contained hash of URLs ( and positions of term ) joined with two different string separators .
If too little space per item – e.g. for stop words – one could “ wrap ” the inverted file entry with adding the same term combined with an incremental postfix ( note : if that also gave too little space one could also wrap on simpledb domains ) .
Preliminary query latency results
Warning : Data sets used were NLTK ‘s inaugural collection , so far from the biggest .
Conclusion : the results from 1000 fetches of inverted file entries are relatively stable clustered around 0.020s ( 20 milliseconds ) , which are promising enough to pursue further ( but still early to decide given only tests on small data sets so far ) .
Balancing with using e.g. memcached could be also be explored , in order to get average fetch time even lower .
Preliminary Python code including timing results ( this was run on an Fedora large EC2 node somewhere in a US east coast data center ) .
( AP ) --
A school district near Cincinnati is suing a plastics plant , accusing it of continuing to release chemicals in the air that exceed government safety standards .
Three Rivers School District closed an elementary school across the street from the plant in 2005 .
The district says it has been unable to sell the building and is burdened by crowded classrooms .
Students were shifted to two other elementary schools , and some courses are taught in cafeterias or storage areas .
The lawsuit seeks compensatory and punitive damages .
The plant had been cited with several environmental violations .
Terri Fitzpatrick , a spokeswoman for plastics maker Lanxess Corp. , which previously owned the plant , says the company took steps to enhance environmental controls .
The plant continues to operate under a joint agreement between Lanxess and Ineos Group .
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Faith group linked to Barrett under new scrutiny
Amy Coney Barrett , President Trump 's Supreme Court nominee , has close ties to a Christian group that has been portrayed as being authoritarian and controlling .
Read More »
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
As we grapple with global warming , ocean acidification , and the possibility that life on earth really is doomed , it is with considerable chagrin that we recall how Jacques Cousteau sounded the general alarm thirty years ago .
The celebrated underwater filmmaker , co-inventor of scuba diving , television star , sage of the environmental movement , and bon vivant died in 1997 .
But before he left he had developed a brooding pessimism about the future of humanity .
At a rally in Seattle in 1977 , where he headlined in a sold - out basketball arena with energy expert Amory Lovins and population theorist Paul Ehrlich , Cousteau predicted the dire consequences of a runaway human population and its apparently insatiable appetite for fuel to heat , move , and feed itself .
Cousteau toned down his pessimism for the audience of 15,000 in the arena that night , urging them to take responsibility for the environment before it is too late .
But an hour later , in an interview with a pair of reporters from the Seattle Weekly , he laid out his far more dismal vision .
“ Fossil fuels are polluting the air and the sea and now people are saying that nuclear energy is the answer , ” said Cousteau with his sexy French accent .
“ They are wrong .
If we continue to develop nuclear energy and make kids like crazy , we will surely end up in a police state .
It will become the duty of governments of the world to suppress all dissent in order to avoid nuclear terrorism .
Eh ?
We will have no other choice .
A nuclear civilization adds up to a global police state . ”
Cousteau saw overpopulation and energy collapse leading inevitably to worldwide disaster and social chaos .
“ Why do anything at all ? ” the reporters asked him .
“ Why have the Cousteau Society ? ”
“ We have no choice , ” Cousteau resplied .
“ And there ’s a slim chance we can make a difference . ”
Photo : Brad Matsen
The delicious irony in all of this ( very important if we are , in fact , doomed ) is that Cousteau ’s earliest expeditions on his famous white ship , Calypso , were financed by oil exploration charters .
His second hit movie told the story of the very development of sub-sea habitats and saturation scuba diving that make today ’s offshore oil production possible .
Cousteau and his divers pioneered the equipment and techniques that now anchor gigantic platforms and wellheads to the sea floor at depths of up to a thousand feet and produce 60 percent of the world ’s oil and gas .
Until just fifty years ago , when Cousteau and engineer Emil Gagnan invented the demand regulator for breathing and swimming free underwater , our undersea explorations had been limited by the depth to which a single breath could take us .
Cousteau ’s early oil exploration charters , his best - selling , ghost - written book about inventing scuba diving , and a pair of hit movies on scuba and under - sea habitats earned him an ABC television series on the oceans .
By the early 1970s , the charming French sailor was one of the most recognized people on the planet .
With the power of his celebrity , he tried to make the world see that his beloved Mediterranean would be the first sea to die and that like a canary in a mineshaft , it was only the beginning of the death of the oceans unless a way to reverse the destruction could be found .
“ By the time my father died , he no longer believed that humanity could save itself from disaster , ” said Cousteau ’s son , Jean - Michel , himself a noted champion of the oceans .
“ I disagree with him , but I do not hold his mistake against him . ”
Now , the deadly blend of fossil fuel emissions and a booming human population has even the most optimistic among us worried .
Cousteau ’s predicted disaster and chaos have arrived only in the most desperate parts of the world and the political structure remains generally intact .
But with scientific tools that were nowhere on the horizon when Cousteau ’s instincts were screaming at him that the Mediterranean was sick , we have discovered grim , undeniable evidence that we are in real trouble .
Our continued use of fossil fuels has inflicted life - threatening damage on the oceans and the atmosphere , damage that cannot be repaired for several generations , even if we could manage to reduce carbon dioxide emissions 50 percent by 2050 .
Next month , the world will limp into Copenhagen , frantic because 30 - year old warnings from a seductive Frenchman — among many , many others — did n’t change human behavior enough to forestall what in all likelihood is a catastrophic global disaster that began 150 years ago with the industrial revolution .
If Cousteau were alive to address the delegates in Denmark this December , he would probably summon the courageous warrior he was in his youth and insist that humanity , not the earth itself , is in danger — and that this might not be a bad thing .
He would likely argue that a world with fewer people , ultimately , is the answer .
Then he would demand that we keep trying in the face of terrible odds , simply because we have no other choice .
Some 4,000 miles away from the spiral of violence in Eastern Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) , the simultaneous arrests of two key Rwandan Hutu rebel leaders in Germany could help bring the troubled region a step closer to peace .
The arrests are a major shift in German policy towards the Rwandan rebel group , represent an expansion of international war - crimes law , and put pressure on the US and France to arrest FDLR leaders residing there , say analysts .
Acting on an arrest warrant issued yesterday by German prosecutors , early Tuesday morning police in the sleepy southern German town of Karlsruhe arrested Ignace Murwanashyaka , president of the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda ( FDLR ) on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Eastern Congo , German prosecutors said in a statement .
Mr. Murwanashyaka 's deputy , Straton Musoni , was arrested simultaneously in the Stuttgart area on the same charges .
An economist in Germany
Originally from southern Rwanda , Murwanashyaka has been living in Germany since the late 1980s .
After arriving on a study fellowship , he went on to gain a PhD in economics , marry a German woman , and successfully applied for political asylum in 2000 .
In 2001 , Murwanashyaka was elected head of the FLDR .
Made up of a rump of hard - core genocidaires , who fled Rwanda for Eastern Congo in the wake of the 1994 genocide , the Hutu rebel group has been at the center of Congo 's troubles for most of a decade .
Since the start of the year , the FDLR has faced a series of military onslaughts from Rwandan , Congolese , and UN forces in the region .
But while the military operations have sparked widespread civilian suffering with only limited results , campaigners have been pushing for more pressure to be put on the FDLR leadership living abroad .
" This will certainly weaken the FDLR , " said Anneke Van Woudenberg , senior researcher on Democratic Republic of Congo for Human Rights Watch .
" This will send quite a shock for Ignace Murwanashyaka to be arrested because the FDLR very much thought it could go about their business in Europe and the US with impunity . "
A Hutu militia run from Germany
The arrests in Germany come just as a UN report – expected to link the FDLR leadership in Europe directly to atrocities committed in Congo – is set to be submitted to the UN Security Council .
The report 's findings come as no surprise to researchers in the region .
" [ Former FDLR combatants ] all say 'we do nothing without the OK of Ignace Murwanashyaka , ' so taking him out the picture will have a big effect , " says Ms. Van Woudenberg .
But what happens in this leadership vacuum is difficult to predict , she adds .
" This has the potential to open doors for moderates within the FDLR to lay down their weapons .
It could also make the movement more hardened as they are increasingly cornered . "
Murwanashyaka has long denied that FDLR forces have been involved in war crimes , and insisted that they were fighting for democracy in Rwanda .
Coming on the heels of mounting international pressure , the arrests in Germany represent a major shift in European policy towards the FDLR leadership .
Previously the rebel group had carefully screened its leaders in Europe so that they could not be linked to the 1994 genocide .
" What I like about what happened is that this is the first time , to my knowledge , that the Europeans are arresting the FDLR on the basis of something that is currently happening in Congo , not actions of the genocide in 1994 , " says Guillaume Lacaille , a senior researcher on the DRC for International Crisis Group in Nairobi .
" This opens up new legal grounds to go after the FDLR .
In terms of impact , I would not like to be an FDLR combatant right now . "
What will US and France do ?
" Now , I would hope that France and the US will follow the example of Germany , " adds Mr. Lacaille .
Callixte Mbarushimana , the Secretary General of the FDLR , resides in France , and Jean - Marie Zianney Higiro , the president of a breakaway faction of the FDLR , resides in the US .
For many in the region , the news of the arrests is welcome , if long overdue .
" This is a good message to the people of Rwanda , the people of Eastern Congo and the region as a whole , " says Tharcisse Karugaruma , Rwanda 's Justice minister .
" Their intention is to create fear in the region and eventually come back to Rwanda to finish the genocide that they started . "
Mr. Karugaruma says that the arrests in Germany represented a new trend across Europe to deny sanctuary to FDLR rebel leaders living in the region .
Africa 's " Great Lakes region will never know peace if the people leading and raising money for such groups are living freely in Europe and North America , " Karugaruma says .
" It 's already high time that the world took decisive action on this issue . "
Scott Baldauf contributed to this story from Johannesburg .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Philly
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
1 ) Condoms are a must ... wear it and shut the fuck up about it .
I have n't had sex without one in over 10 years and I deal with it , so can you .
Your shit is just not great enough for me to even consider having that kind of trust with you , especially the first few times we hook up .
I mean , seriously .
Yes I know it feels better and it's hard ( no pun intended ) for you to cum when you 're wearing one .
That just means you 're not working hard enough for the orgasm ... you 're lazy .
Get in there and work it out , dammit .
Others have been successful and so can you .
Which leads me to # 2 ...2 ) You put a condom on and your shit just goes limp .
You have a hot - ass girl wanting your dick inside her ... you see her there laying in front of you , looking at you with " that look , " and you can't get hard ?
Again , put some heart into it .
You inevitably say , " I hate these things . "
I do n't care .
Stop thinking about the fucking condom and make it work .
Seriously .3 ) You 're in the zone , working it out ... good shit .
But I say , " Hold on , can I get some KY real quick ? "
Stop getting pissed off and / or offended ...
You say , " How come you 're not wet ? "
Um , I am , or I was , but after a good amount of time , rubber dries , which contributes to me drying out , and it fucking hurts .
I WANT you to keep fucking me ... I just want to get some fucking lube .
I have your best interests at heart too , believe me .
A little bit of lube never hurt anybody .
4 ) Sometimes I just want the dick ... I do n't want oral sex .
It 's not that you 're bad or good at it , I 'm just not in the mood ... I just want your cock .
Just an FYI.5 ) It takes me a good amount of time to cum ... it just does .
Believe me ... if I want you to stop , you 'll know it .
If I do n't say anything or push you the fuck off me , just keep going .
Pay attention to my facial expressions ( open mouth , no sound coming out , but it looks like I 'm screaming = good ) ... my feet ( when my toes start to curl , keep doing whatever you 're doing ) ... my hands and fingers and grip ( if I 'm kind of holding your hips at a certain angle ... follow my lead ) .
6 ) Go ahead ... grip me up a little ( but , there is a fine line ... do n't cross it ) .
Grab my hair ... grab the back of my head ... make me feel hot and wanted ... it 's fucking hot and I love it .
Start gently and see what happens ... 7 ) Reverse cowgirl just does n't work for everybody .
It 's not my thing .
8 ) Tell me how good I feel ... sigh ... make a little noise .
I do n't need to hear you roaring like a T.
Rex or anything , but do n't be mute .
It 's unnerving .
9 ) Make me look at you ... tell me to open my eyes .
But do n't stare like you 're going to drill holes through my head .
I sometimes get lost in my own little pleasure world and forget to look at you and watch what you 're doing to me .
Remind me .10 ) Boobs can be sensitive at different times of the month ... just know that and approach accordingly .
I 'll usually let you know ahead of time if I 'm sore .
Try to remember .
11 ) Do n't forget about the neck and ears during sex .
That 's when I 'm sometimes the most sensitive and it feels amazing having you that close .
12 ) Funny noises are going to happen ...
I might laugh out of minor embarassment and because it 's just funny .
It 's okay , you can laugh too .
I 'm not laughing at you and I 'm sorry if it feels that way .
13 ) Do n't just jam anything into my ass all random - like .
That should be self - evident , but apparently it 's not .
That 's just not cool .
14 ) I do n't get the finger - licking thing ... especially when you just all up and stick your nasty fingers in my mouth .
15 ) Having sex when you 're high is one of the best things ever .
Just had to say that .
16 ) When you start to put your dick inside me for the first time , take that shit slow .
Make me ache for it ... put the head in slowly and leave it there for a second .
Make me lift my hips up and beg for it .
Know that at that point , you are in control and we like it .
Or at least I do .
I want you to understand how good it feels ... relish the moment .
17 ) Tell me I 'm beautiful and that you love my body at least once ...
This is especially effective when I 'm in a weird position where my stomach looks fucking insane from my angle and who knows what it looks like to you .
I work out .
I 'm pretty tight .
I can kick some cardio ass .
But damn , some positions just make me look crazy .
18 ) Nothing gets me hotter than getting a massage , lying on my stomach ... and then having you lie down on top of me , putting your head into my neck and nuzzling my ear , gently but confidently wedging my legs apart with your knee and pressing your throbbing hard cock against my ass ... I 'm toast .
19 ) I think about sex just as much as you do , maybe more .
I watch porn .
I masturbate .
I like to have sex ...
I 'm careful and cautious and I have no problem asking you if you 've ever been tested .
If you say , " Yeah ... a few years ago , " I 'm going to be disappointed .
Do n't be offended or pissy that I asked you that .
I would expect you to ask me the same thing .
If you do n't ask me back , I think that 's a little odd .
On that note , if I ask you to check the condom once or twice during sex , just do it .
I 'm paranoid , but I 'm also 31 , never been pregnant , and never had an STD .
So ...20 ) Do n't leave a condom for me to find ( or my cat ... or my mom who volunteered to clean my house while waiting for me to come home from work one day ) .
You 're usually in charge of the disposal .
Sigh ... that felt good .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Mice that are abandoned as pups have behavioural problems later on A study in mice has hinted at the impact that early life trauma and stress can have on genes , and how they can result in behavioural problems .
Scientists described the long - term effects of stress on baby mice in the journal Nature Neuroscience .
Stressed mice produced hormones that " changed " their genes , affecting their behaviour throughout their lives .
This work could provide clues to how stress and trauma in early life can lead to later problems .
The study was led by Christopher Murgatroyd , a scientist from the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry in Munich , Germany .
He told BBC News that this study went into " molecular detail " - showing exactly how stressful experiences in early life could " programme " long - term behaviour .
To do this , the researchers had to cause stress to newborn mouse pups and monitor how their experiences affected them throughout their lives .
" We separated the pups from their mothers for three hours each day for ten days , " Dr Murgatroyd explained .
" It was a very mild stress and the animals were not affected at a nutritional level , but they would [ have felt ] abandoned . "
The team found that mice that had been " abandoned " during their early lives were then less able to cope with stressful situations throughout their lives .
The stressed mice also had poorer memories .
Programming genes
Dr Murgatroyd explained that these effects were caused by " epigenetic changes " , where the early stressful experience actually changed the DNA of some of the animals ' genes .
" This is a two - step mechanism , " Dr Murgatroyd explained .
When the baby mice were stressed , they produced high levels of stress hormones .
These hormones " tweak " the DNA of a gene that codes for a specific stress hormone - vasopressin .
" This leaves a permanent mark at the vasopressin gene , " said Dr Murgatroyd .
" It is then programmed to produce high levels [ of the hormone ] later on in life . "
The researchers were able to show that vasopressin was behind the behavioural and memory problems .
When the adult mice were given a drug that blocked the effects of the hormone , their behaviour returned to normal .
This work was carried out in mice , but scientists are also investigating how childhood trauma in humans can lead to problems such as depression .
Professor Hans Reul , a neuroscientist from the University of Bristol , UK , said that this was " a very valuable addition to the body of work on the long - term effects of early - life stress " .
" There is strong evidence that adversities such as abuse and neglect during infancy contribute to the development of psychiatric diseases such as depression , " he told BBC News .
" This underscores the importance of the study of epigenetic mechanisms in stress - related disorders . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Juan y Juana son los nombres más frecuentes de la lista de electores en México .
Juanito también fue el nombre de la mascota del mundial de fútbol México 70 , un sonriente niño panzón , con la camiseta zancona y el ombligo fuera , con un gran sombrero ranchero que sostiene un balón en los pies .
Juanito es un nombre tan común en México que hace 27 años , en un equipo de fútbol infantil que jugaba en el barrio de Iztapalapa en la ciudad de México , once de sus quince integrantes se llamaban Juan , por lo que el equipo adquirió el nombre de " los juanitos " , entrenados entonces por un joven de nombre Rafael Acosta Ángeles , quien desde entonces , carga por la vida con el mote o el apodo de Juanito .
Esta anécdota no tendría la menor relevancia si no fuera porque ese Juanito , una persona común y corriente , un ciudadano anónimo y oscuro del barrio de Iztapalapa , se ha convertido , por azares del destino , en razón de los nuevos juegos de la joven democracia mexicana , y gracias a la euforia de los medios de comunicación , en un político estelar y en un curioso personaje mediático .
Juanito goza hoy de los quince minutos de gloria de los que hablaba Andy Wharhol , pero sin duda entra a los medios convertido , de manera súbita , en un personaje interesante que se inserta en la más rancia tradición de la picaresca y el costumbrismo político mexicano .
Se trata de un personaje curioso y ambiguo que no es fácil ubicar a la ligera en la tragedia o en la farsa .
Pudo ser extraído lo mismo de una novela de Dostoievsky , que de una película de Cantinflas .
Es un hombre como tantos que viven en los barrios , favelas y chabolas de las grandes ciudades de América Latina .
No es propiamente un héroe , salvo por el hecho de que sobrevivir en las zonas pobres de la ciudad de México resulta , por momentos , casi heroico .
Es de alguna forma sí , una especie de antihéroe .
Nuestro personaje es el irrenunciable protagonista de novela costumbrista .
Un Lazarillo de Tormes o un Periquillo Sarniento contemporáneo .
Un verdadero pícaro .
Un pícaro posmoderno .
Un pícaro folclórico .
Juanito es un hombre ignorante que ha sido de todo : entrenador de fútbol , parte del espectáculo de la llamada lucha libre , vendedor ambulante , extra en películas de ficheras , taxista , acarreador en mítines políticos , golpeador de manifestaciones , hasta llegar por casualidad a ser hoy el Jefe Delegacional electo , una especie de Alcalde del barrio de Iztapalapa , que tiene más de tres millones de habitantes y que constituye una de las zonas más pobres y conflictivas de la capital de México .
Juanito es un hombre que dice vivir de un pequeño negocio de helados y de cinco puestos en un tianguis o mercado informal e ilegal , que se ubica también en el barrio de Iztapalapa .
Tiene dos hijos y le mataron a otro en una balacera afuera de su casa .
Tiene cierta facilidad de palabra , ignorante , rijoso , fanfarrón y peleonero .
Ha estado detenido en delegaciones de policía e internado en hospitales de asistencia debido a pleitos y riñas de la más diversa índole .
Poco a poco empezó a participar en grupos de izquierda , colaboró en manifestaciones y en acciones de resistencia civil , se afilió al PRD y se vinculó al movimiento del ex candidato a la Presidencia Andrés Manuel López Obrador .
Los conflictos en ese partido lo llevaron a renunciar y en 2008 se cambió al Partido del Trabajo , una organización menor de izquierda , por el que logró en 2009 la candidatura a Jefe Delegacional por Iztapalapa .
Se trataba de una candidatura testimonial y sin importancia , sin ninguna posibilidad real de triunfo .
Es difícil explicar en breve todo lo que pasó después .
Por pleitos internos en la izquierda , el Tribunal Electoral eliminó a la candidata del PRD que estaba inscrita en las boletas a favor de otra perredista .
Faltaban tres semanas para la elección .
Entonces López Obrador ideó una estrategia política francamente surrealista , por medio de la cual todo el movimiento apoyaría a Juanito , el candidato del PT , bajo la condición y la promesa pública de que una vez en el cargo , renunciaría para dejar a la candidata retirada por disposición del Tribunal Electoral .
En síntesis todo era una argucia legal , una simulación , para darle la vuelta a lo mandado por el Tribunal Electoral .
Así las cosas , Juanito , un ciudadano ninguneado , en un acto verdaderamente indignante - López Obrador ni su nombre ni su apodo se sabía al pedirle en un mitin que jurara ceder la victoria- , aceptó el arreglo de convertirse en una especie de candidato de paja o prestanombres , para simular una elección , hacer campaña , ganar con el apoyo de los grupos de izquierda lopezobradoristas y posteriormente renunciar para entregar la delegación a la candidata de López Obrador .
Se especulaba mucho si Juanito podría o no ganar su elección .
Y resulta que en las elecciones del 5 de julio Juanito finalmente ganó .
A partir de entonces , Juanito ganador se dio cuenta de lo que significaba ser el Jefe Delegacional electo , empezó a dar entrevistas , conoció su oficina , lo pensó muy bien y decidió " que siempre no " .
Que no renunciaba .
Algunos dicen que enloqueció , pero desde entonces Juanito da entrevistas diario , atiende a medios locales e internacionales y habla de todo .
Declaró incluso que ya piensa en su candidatura a la Presidencia en el 2012 y en la posibilidad de hacer un partido político nacional .
Lo usaron y hoy los usa .
Marrullero , tramposo , mentiroso y astuto , en síntesis pícaro , hoy amaga con traicionar a quienes traicionaron de alguna forma su dignidad y su condición de ciudadano .
Hoy este anodino personaje , gracias a la democracia , se encuentra , con todas sus limitaciones , a las puertas del poder de Iztapalapa .
Hoy todos los mexicanos tenemos ya una opinión de Juanito y todos hablamos de Juanito .
Es una " estrella " de televisión , cuyo drama ocupa el interés de todos .
En nuestra sociedad de consumo de medios era de esperarse .
Juanito dice que incluso ya le han propuesto filmar telenovelas y hasta películas .
Ya está integrando su equipo de trabajo , está haciendo recorridos por su demarcación , respondiendo todos los días a las presiones , las protestas y las exigencias de quienes lo llevaron al poder .
Juanito , que por cierto usa una curiosa cinta tricolor con su nombre en letras negras alrededor de la frente , se ha convertido de la noche a la mañana en un episodio bufo , que exhibe a la democracia mexicana y a sus elites .
Dice Héctor Aguilar Camín que " Juanito es el rey bobo de nuestro carnaval político , el tonto listo del pueblo " y José de la Colina apunta " Juanito era manipulado , pronto , jejejé , aprendió a ser manipulador . "
En las calles de Iztapalapa sus seguidores , que ya los tiene y muchos , le dicen : " No te vayas " y con frecuencia gritan : " Todos somos Juanito " .
Y en cierta forma tienen razón .
Juanito es un ciudadano tipo .
Fiel reflejo de nuestro ingreso medio y de nuestro promedio educativo .
Muestra representativa de la ciudadanía , que es materia prima de la democracia .
En Juanito se sintetizan los vicios , las perversiones y las imposibilidades de la democracia mexicana .
Su ignorancia y su necesidad son los dos grandes obstáculos para consolidar una democracia de calidad .
Ciudadano de membrete , con la posibilidad constitucional , formal y nominal de llegar al poder , pero resignado siempre a perder , a no ser , a no llegar , porque la democracia es un asuntos de elites , de partidos cerrados y de mucho dinero , en la que el ciudadano común puede votar , pero difícilmente ser votado .
Hoy Juanito , por azares del destino , y gracias a su falta de palabra y al entorno cínico en que vivimos , tiene la oportunidad de acceder y permanecer realmente en el poder , como quien se saca la lotería .
Juanito juega una especie de revancha .
Una venganza con cierta legitimidad .
En Juanito se exhibe la democracia convertida en demagogia por nuestras izquierdas .
Juanito se ha convertido en el icono de una izquierda populista y manipuladora que usa y abusa de los más ignorantes y de los que menos tienen .
Pone de manifiesto a líderes de izquierda , que en el juego político , han olvidado el verdadero sentido de su lucha .
En Juanito se exhibe también la elite mexicana , con su sorpresa al ver que llega al poder un hombre real , de verdad , del pueblo .
Juanito se ha convertido en anatema y burla de las elites ilustradas de México , que en los restaurantes caros y en las salas de postín de la capital se mofan del hecho , culturalmente imposible , incomprensible , de que acceda al poder un personaje del pueblo , ignorante y descastado , sin padrino y sin diploma en Harvard .
Porque Juanito es para muchos un hombre que por supuesto " no sabe gobernar " .
Frase que es eco y resonancia de la discriminación , el racismo y el clasismo que persisten en nuestro país .
Las elites de izquierda y de derecha , en este tema , se toman del brazo y caminan juntas por el sendero de la democracia formal .
En Juanito se exhibe la pobreza y las limitaciones reales de una democracia que no puede quedarse sólo en el procedimiento para elegir , mientras no sea capaz de crear , cultural , social y económicamente , condiciones reales de igualdad social .
Juanito es como Sancho Panza en la Ínsula Barataria , o como Juan Vargas en la película La Ley de Herodes del cineasta Luis Estrada , un gobernante por casualidad .
En este caso se prueba claramente la existencia de un lamentable oxímoron : el de una democracia aristocrática .
No es un juego de palabras .
Bueno fuera , que solo se tratara de un juego de palabras .
Es un juego de espejos y de realidades .
Democracias que no lo son , que le apuestan a un ejercicio cerrado de elites , que desde la izquierda y la derecha manipulan para conservar un statu quo , que garantiza sociedades desiguales , de privilegios y de castas .
Sociedades finalmente injustas .
El pícaro Juanito puede o no renunciar .
El desenlace de esta historia se verá en unas semanas ( su toma de posesión es el primero de octubre ) .
Su historia para algunos puede resultar cómica .
En el fondo , si la piensa uno bien , es una historia muy triste .
Triste para él , y triste para todos los que estamos empeñados en que México se convierta , algún día , en un país de verdad democrático .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks at a press conference in Jerusalem .
Clinton 's message seems to misfire
MARRAKESH , Morocco —
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's message on Israeli - Palestinian peace talks this weekend was not notably different from what President Barack Obama himself said in New York in September at a meeting with Israeli and Palestinian leaders .
But the prevailing perception and coverage in the wake of Clinton 's meetings in Israel and Abu Dhabi Saturday are that the U.S. has once again returned to its traditional default position of tolerating Israeli unwillingness to abide by demands for a total settlement freeze and once again decided that the way forward is to pressure the Palestinians to cave .
While U.S. officials on Sunday pushed back forcefully on the veracity of that impression , news headlines have been uniformly grim in the region since Clinton appeared at a news conference in Jerusalem with a confident - looking Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
In the late - night news conference , Clinton said that Netanyahu 's offer to agree to a partial settlement moratorium in advance of actually entering negotiations with the Palestinians would be an " unprecedented " step .
Advertisement
In fact , U.S. negotiators have been privately saying the same thing for the past few weeks — that an agreement they had reached with Netanyahu for a nine - month moratorium on new settlement construction or further land expropriations before entering negotiations was far reaching and unprecedented , if not the full freeze they had been pushing for months to achieve .
" What the prime minister [ Netanyahu ] has offered in specifics of a restraint on the policy of settlements — no new starts , for example – is unprecedented in the context of the prior two negotiations , " Clinton said at the news conference with Netanyahu .
" I think that where we are right now is to try to get into the negotiations . "
" There are always demands made in any negotiation that are not going to be fully realized , " Clinton continued , to make the point that the starting position of talks would not be the final outcome of negotiations .
" I mean , negotiation , by its very definition , is a process of trying to meet the other ’s needs while protecting your core interests .
And on settlements , there ’s never been a precondition , there ’s never been such an offer from any Israeli government .
And we hope that we ’ll be able to move in to the negotiations , where all the issues that President Obama mentioned in his speech at the United Nations will be on the table for the parties to begin to resolve . "
As Clinton prepares to meet with Arab foreign ministers in Marrakesh Monday night , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , with whom she met in Abu Dhabi before flying to Jerusalem , looks weaker than ever going into the elections he has called to be held in January .
U.S. officials say Clinton will urge Arab leaders with whom she is meeting to support Abu Mazen , as he is known , saying he is the only viable option for achieving the creation of a Palestinian state .
But Abbas told Clinton at their meeting that he has been badly hurt by what appears to be a U.S. flip - flop on the settlements freeze issue as well as an earlier decision he made apparently in consultation with moderate Arab regimes as well as Washington to refrain from demanding further United Nations action on a recent report by a commission headed by Richard Goldstone that investigated possible war crimes committed in Israel 's Gaza campaign earlier this year — a position he later reversed when it came under tremendous criticism in the Arab and Palestinian world .
" I fear her trip to Israel may be the final nail " in the coffin for the Obama administration 's efforts to pursue Israeli - Palestinian peace talks , one Washington Middle East hand said on condition of anonymity Sunday .
Clinton " went beyond Obama 's talking points in New York City , " he said .
" She took sides on settlements " and appeared to " ' praise ' Israel and Bibi . "
While saying he is a friend and admirer of the Obama foreign policy team , the source said , " I think [ they are ] in over their head and there is no strong , capable person navigating this ship .
It all seems unprofessional , a policy drifting in different directions , thus projecting weakness to a savvy and cynical region that studies and looks for signs of strength and weakness .
Very dangerous and full of implications for Iran and Af - Pak policy . "
U.S. officials traveling with Clinton in the Middle East pushed back hard on that interpretation of what is going on , even while acknowledging that perceptions can be an important factor , even if counterfactual .
" The punch line is , [ Clinton ] is trying to help everyone focus on the longer term , " one senior State Department official told POLITICO .
" She said multiple times this week , ' Do n't make the perfect the enemy of the good . ' ...
All we are arguing is about the timeline to get to where they want to go .
" If you follow the logic of a moratorium freeze , if it is a matter of only allowing those units already under construction to be finished , the moratorium eventually gets you to a freeze , " he continued .
" Then the only question is if are you better off entering into negotiations [ sooner ] or waiting .
There is no value in waiting , " he said was Clinton 's message to the Palestinians .
But the impression that the Obama administration now sides with Israel in asking the Palestinians to enter into talks with something less than a settlement freeze to test whether Netanyahu 's offer is genuine contributes to Abbas 's perceived weakness .
" What Abu Mazen said to the secretary was , ' Hey , I made a decision to push off the Goldstone report .
No one objected when I first did it , but [ then ] everyone started turning on me , ' " one U.S. official said on condition of anonymity Sunday .
" When public opinion rose up against the deferral , Abbas 's point to the secretary was , ' If they wo n’t support me on the decision regarding the [ Goldstone ] report , are they going to support me when I have to make a much tougher decision to enter negotiations ' " with the Israelis before there is a settlement freeze ? ’
Which is a fair point .
" That is why [ Clinton 's meetings ] tomorrow [ with Arab foreign ministers ] is important in terms of sending the unequivocal message : ' You have got to support Abu Mazen , ' " the U.S. official continued .
" ' And your best option is to get into negotiations sooner than later where [ Abbas ] can in fact gain leverage and test Netanyahu . ' "
In other words , to test whether Netanyahu is willing to risk his own political coalition to undertake the partial settlement moratorium he publicly agreed to with Clinton last night .
One Palestinian - American activist said he was n't feeling hopeless yet .
" It was only a few days ago that Obama said solving this is ' absolutely crucial ' to U.S. national interests , " the American Task Force for Palestine 's Hussein Ibish said in an e-mail .
" It would be a pretty quick change of mind if they were to give up now .
And two more things : I have long argued that Obama himself always saw this as a marathon , which is why he began on Day One .
Also , [ Middle East peace envoy George ]
Mitchell 's approach in Ireland was to exhaust the stonewalling from all sides by not giving up or going away .
Anyway , we shall see . "
And another Washington Middle East hand said the Obama administration had no choice but to start backing itself out of its own corner in the form of a drawn - out fight with the Netanyahu government on a full settlement freeze to try to get to the main event .
" It was the policy of the early months of the Obama administration that boxed in Abu Mazen , " said the Washington Institute for Near East Policy 's David Makovsky , co-author with the National Security Council 's Dennis Ross of a new book , “ Myths , Illusions , and Peace . "
" Once the U.S. said ' freeze , ' it raised Arab expectations to such a point that Abu Mazen could not agree to less .
He can not be more of a Zionist than the U.S.
There have been consequences for the early approach .
If the Obama administration would have said no geographic expansion of settlements from the outset instead of saying freeze , we would not have lost eight months of time and wasted the political capital of the president .
President Obama would not have been at single digits in Israeli polls , and Abu Mazen would not have been out on the limb .
Critically , Israeli - Palestinian negotiations would have most likely already commenced .
" Now the dynamic will be driven by whether there is a Palestinian election or not , " Makovsky continued .
" A law of Mideast peacemaking is that compromises do not occur during a Palestinian or Israeli election campaign .
If Abu Mazen heads for elections , he will find it convenient not to budge so he can flex his nationalist muscles .
If this is his intention , Obama administration peacemaking will be on hold until the Palestinian elections end in early 2010 . "
Support has declined much more among whites than among nonwhites
PRINCETON , NJ --
Since the start of his presidency , U.S. President Barack Obama 's approval rating has declined more among non-Hispanic whites than among nonwhites , and now , fewer than 4 in 10 whites approve of the job Obama is doing as president .
Obama last week fell below 50 % approval in Gallup Daily tracking for the first time in his presidency , both in daily three - day rolling averages and in Gallup Daily tracking results aggregated weekly .
" The only subgroup showing a greater change than whites is Republicans , down 24 points since Obama 's first full week in office . "
In his first full week in office ( Jan. 26 - Feb. 1 ) , an average of 66 % of Americans approved of the job Obama was doing , including 61 % of non-Hispanic whites and 80 % of nonwhites .
In the most recent week , spanning Nov. 16 - 22 interviewing , his approval rating averaged 49 % overall , 39 % among whites , and 73 % among nonwhites .
Thus , since the beginning of his presidency , his support has dropped 22 points among whites , compared with a 7 - point loss among nonwhites .
Given the 17 - point drop in his approval rating among all U.S. adults , it follows that Obama 's support has declined among all major demographic and attitudinal subgroups , with one notable exception -- blacks .
Blacks ' support for Obama has averaged 93 % during his time in office , and has been at or above 90 % nearly every week during his presidency .
Thus , part of the reason Obama 's support among nonwhites has not dropped as much as his support among other groups is because of his consistent support from blacks .
( With Hispanics ' approval rating down five points , greater declines among Asians , Native Americans , and those of mixed races account for his total seven - point drop among nonwhites . )
The accompanying table shows how Obama 's approval rating has changed by subgroup from his first full week in office to the most recent week .
The only subgroup showing a greater change than whites is Republicans , down 24 points during this time .
Independents ' approval of Obama has declined nearly as much ( down 18 points ) , whereas support among Democrats is down only 6 points .
Obama 's strongest support comes from blacks , Democrats , and liberals -- all of whom give him approval ratings above 80 % .
He maintains solid support of more than 60 % from nonwhites , Hispanics , and young adults .
A Closer Look at Race and Party
One reason Obama may have maintained support among blacks is their overwhelming affiliation with the Democratic Party .
This is not a sufficient explanation , though , because Obama 's approval rating has dropped among Democrats even as it has held steady among blacks .
In fact , it appears as though Obama 's relatively small loss in support among Democrats has come exclusively from white Democrats .
In late January / early February , Obama averaged 87 % approval among white Democrats and 90 % approval among nonwhite Democrats .
Now , his approval rating among white Democrats is 76 % , down 11 points , but is essentially the same ( if not a little higher ) at 92 % among nonwhite Democrats .
Bottom Line
Obama won the Democratic nomination and the presidency with strong support from blacks and other racial minorities .
In fact , according to exit polls and Gallup 's final pre-election estimates , he won the election despite losing by double digits to John McCain among white voters .
Those patterns of support seem to have persisted into his presidency , with his support among whites starting out lower and dropping faster than his support among nonwhites .
And though he maintains widespread loyalty among Democrats , the small loss in support he has seen from his fellow partisans seems to be exclusively from white Democrats .
It is important to note that this pattern is not unique to Obama .
For example , Bill Clinton averaged 55 % job approval during his presidency , including 52 % among whites but a much higher 76 % among nonwhites and 82 % among blacks .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 3,611 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Nov. 16 - 22 , 2009 , as part of Gallup Daily tracking .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 2,879 non-Hispanic whites , the maximum margin of error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 732 nonwhites , the maximum margin of error is ±5 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones and cellular phones .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Between 13 October 2009 and 21 February 2010 , we held the world ’s first museum exhibition of Steampunk art .
This extraordinarily successful exhibition showcased the work of 18 Steampunk artists from across the globe , and drew over 70,000 visitors to the Museum .
Find out more about the exhibition by following links below – watch a documentary about the exhibition , take a virtual tour , see photographs of the costumed visitors on the Museum ’s Steampunk Catwalk and watch some Steampunk machines in action .
To coincide with the exhibition , Secondary School Art and D&T departments were invited to submit students ’ work to The Great Steampunk Art and Design Competition !
A slideshow of the resulting artworks can be found here .
Programme Details of a packed programme that has been running through the duration of the exhibition , featuring art and design , technology , films , fashion , makers , competitions , and steam ! »
See more …
Photos Explore the image gallery and see the
artists along with their exhibits , now being followed by the next generation .
The exhibition has even inspired its own fashion genre and you can see photos of live mannequins on the plinth .
» Browse photos …
Videos Several films , including interviews with Art Donovan , the curator , and Jim Bennett , Museum Director as well as tours of the exhibition space .
»
Watch the videos .
Experienced Personal Injury Attorneys in Bloomington
Why Choose the Lawyers at Ginzkey Law
The steps you take immediately following an injury are as important as negotiating a fair settlement of your claim .
Personal injury attorneys Jim Ginzkey and Chase Molchin can assist you in navigating the pitfalls of dealing with insurance companies and billing practices of healthcare providers in order to maximize your recovery .
Experience is key when selecting a personal injury attorney to represent you after an accident or injury .
The attorneys at Ginzkey Law Office have that experience .
For more than 35 years , Jim Ginzkey has successfully represented both adults and children who have been injured as the result of someone else ’s careless or reckless conduct .
Ginzkey Law Office has the experience to evaluate your claim and get you the compensation you deserve .
School bullies targeted her son from the age of eight , calling him a " freak " .
His secondary school in Dorset has refused to let him wear girls ' uniform , so now he wears make - up and bangles with the boys ' version .
( Johannesburg ) -
The credibility of the world 's " blood diamond " monitoring group has been damaged after its failure this week to suspend Zimbabwe despite overwhelming evidence of serious human rights abuses and smuggling in the Marange diamond fields in eastern Zimbabwe , Human Rights Watch said today .
" The group that monitors blood diamonds essentially ignored the blood being shed in Zimbabwe 's diamond fields , " said Georgette Gagnon , Africa director at Human Rights Watch .
" That decision puts diamond consumers at risk of buying blood diamonds . "
As recently as late October 2009 , Human Rights Watch uncovered rampant abuses by the military in Marange including forced labor , child labor , killings , beatings , smuggling , and corruption .
Human Rights
Watch confirmed that stones coming from these fields are mined in the context of serious human rights violations .
Human Rights
Watch called on the diamond industry and diamond consumers to boycott Marange diamonds until Zimbabwe ends all abuses and removes the military from the area .
With the failure of the Kimberley Process to stand resolutely for clean diamonds , it is now up to consumers to insist on conflict - free gems , Human Rights Watch said .
The Kimberley Process , an international body governing the diamond industry , held a plenary meeting November 2 through 5 in Swakopmund , Namibia .
The group deliberated whether to suspend Zimbabwe after a review mission , sent by the group itself , found " credible indications of significant non-compliance " with the group 's minimum standards .
In particular , the review mission , from June 30 to July 4 , documented extensive smuggling of diamonds and rampant violence against local miners and residents by Zimbabwean police and army officers .
The review mission recommended suspension of Zimbabwe and the appointment of a human rights expert to examine further abuses in Marange .
The mission also said the military should withdraw immediately from the diamond fields .
Despite these recommendations , the group 's plenary , which works by consensus , instead asked Zimbabwe to adhere to a work plan that Zimbabwe had proposed .
The plan commits the country to a phased withdrawal of the military without specific time lines , directs police to provide security for the area , and provides for a monitor , agreed to by both Zimbabwe and the Kimberley process , to examine and certify all shipments of diamonds from Marange .
" These benchmarks are weak , at best , and they wo n't prevent serious abuses from occurring around Marange , nor halt the smuggling of diamonds , " Gagnon said .
" Without stronger action , the group cannot certify that the diamonds coming from Zimbabwe are clean . "
Israel and Canada pushed unsuccessfully for suspension of Zimbabwe , but South Africa , Namibia , Tanzania , Democratic Republic of Congo , and Russia supported Zimbabwe and called for technical assistance without suspension .
The Russian delegation stated that " at present there are no conflict diamonds in Zimbabwe . "
Human Rights
Watch has urged the Kimberley process to interpret broadly the definition of " conflict diamonds , " explicitly to include diamonds mined in the context of serious human rights abuses .
The Kimberley Process , Human Rights
Watch said , should also review its consensus - based decision - making mechanism and provide for a voting system that will enable the body to make difficult decisions without compromising the group 's core mandate .
" To its discredit , the Kimberley Process showed a lack of political will to compel Zimbabwe to end abuses that the group 's own review team has condemned , " Gagnon said .
" This diamond monitoring body has utterly lost credibility . "
IN November 1991 Nirvana ’s “ Nevermind ” was beginning its climb up the charts .
The album had not yet sold more than 10 million copies , had not yet knocked Michael Jackson out of the No. 1 slot on the Billboard album chart , had not yet become the defining moment of the alternative rock movement or given Kurt Cobain the “ voice of a generation ” status that would help prove his undoing .
Already , though , the band ’s newest member , the drummer Dave Grohl , was expressing his concerns about the impact that the album would have on his future .
“ Everyone is always asking if I ’m afraid of the band ’s success going too far , ” the 22 - year - old told Rolling Stone , in the band ’s first interview with that magazine .
“ That does n’t really make any difference .
I just do n’t want to be David Grohl of Nirvana for the rest of my life . ”
“ What a spoiled brat , ” Mr. Grohl , now 40 , said with a laugh when that quotation was recently read back to him .
“ But I think any musician would say the same thing  there ’s a lot of ground to cover , a lot of work to do .
I would n’t want to be tied down to one project or defined by any one thing . ”
The odds , however , were certainly stacked against Mr. Grohl ’s leaving a legacy beyond his role in Nirvana .
The trio became the biggest band in the world for a time , then ended in horribly dramatic fashion with Cobain ’s suicide in 1994 .
Mr. Grohl , who was known for having a personality as laid - back as his drumming was explosive ( “ He ’s so easygoing , always fun to be around , ” the band ’s former bassist , Krist Novoselic , said in an e-mail message ) , was now permanently linked to one of rock ’s most public tragedies .
Last week , the California Energy Commission approved a groundbreaking series of efficiency standards for televisions , the first time government at any level in the United States has meddled in the details of how our boob tubes are made .
The new rules set maximum power - consumption standards for TVs of up to 58 inches , starting in 2011 and becoming considerably tighter in 2013 , and prohibit California retailers from selling sets that break the rules .
Only a quarter of all televisions currently on the market would comply with the new regulations .
High - definition television sets , plasma TVs , larger sets , and TVs with extra options , such as picture - in - picture , are most likely to fall short .
In other words , regulators have effectively chosen to ban the sale of most large - screen televisions in the Golden State .
Of course , that ’s not how the regulators describe it ; they bill their decision as a measure to save consumers money , preclude the need for new power plants , and fight global warming .
Upon examination , however , those rationales for nanny statism seem awfully flimsy .
Start with the notion of the big - screen ban as a consumer - protection measure .
“ It looks like a very good deal for society , ” says commissioner Arthur Rosenfeld .
By the commission ’s estimates , consumers will save anywhere from $ 18 to $ 30 per year in electricity costs as a result of the new rules .
If every one of the state ’s 35 million TVs were replaced with a more efficient set , say proponents , the measure would save more than $ 8 billion over ten years .
Says a commission spokesman : “ I do n’t know anyone who does n’t like to save money . ”
True enough , but the supposed savings are small beer .
Individually , saving $ 18 to $ 30 annually is laughable — that translates to less than $ 3 per month .
And the $ 8 billion figure does n’t mean much : it ’s simply the result of multiplying those tiny individual savings by ten years and a lot of California residents .
By and large , consumers understand that bigger TVs mean slightly higher power bills and are happy to make that trade - off .
Brisk sales of big - screen
TVs show that they do n’t mind paying the marginal increase in electricity prices in exchange for the pleasure derived from a bigger television .
A few extra bucks per month to enjoy a superior viewing experience — many people would call that a bargain .
The new regulations apply only to television sets sold after the 2011 and 2013 deadlines .
That ’s a slight bit of good news .
Consumers wo n’t be forced to turn in their supposedly profligate big- screen TVs if those sets are purchased before the new regulations go into effect .
Moreover , the new rules will not prevent them from using noncomplying televisions if they were purchased in other states , though regulators are threatening to stop Californians from buying such TVs from online retailers .
The commission also claims that efficiency standards will allow California to forego building additional power plants .
But more power plants are exactly what California — and the rest of the country — needs .
The New York Times noted recently that “ Americans now have about 25 consumer electronic products in every household , compared with just three in 1980 . ”
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) calculates that electrical gadgets of all sorts account for about 15 percent of worldwide household electricity bills .
More than that , the IEA figures that the energy consumed by these gadgets ( as well as by the infrastructure that supports information technology ) will double by 2020 and triple by 2030 .
Instead of ensuring that enough power plants get built to meet the demands of an increasingly electrified economy , California chooses to ration electricity .
Regulators ’ trump card in their decision to ban big - screen TVs is , naturally , global warming .
Saving the planet from eco - catastrophe would seem to justify just about any government action , including overreaching into something so personal ( and benign ) as purchasing a television .
The commission proudly claims that the new rules will curb greenhouse - gas emissions .
What it fails to note is that the reduction in emissions would be so minuscule as to have a negligible impact on global temperatures .
If California officials were serious about curbing emissions , they would reverse the state ’s ban on building new nuclear power plants .
Until that happens , it ’s hard to see anything they do as more than green posturing .
The real problem with the big - screen televisions is that , like Hummers or McMansions , they offend the sensibilities of many in California ’s political class , to whom the notion of overconsumption is sinful .
And it ’s tempting to write off the new rules as another example of goofiness peculiar to California , where policymakers ’ critical faculties have long been compromised by an overabundance of sun and perfect weather .
But the move hints at the direction the federal government may soon take .
California ’s senior senator , Dianne Feinstein , has urged the Obama administration to follow her state ’s lead and apply these regulations nationwide .
Would anyone be terribly surprised if Washington decided to save us from our televisions ?
Two Indiana University studies conducted among nationally representative samples of adult American men and women show that vibrator use during sexual interactions is common , with use being reported by approximately 53 percent of women and 45 percent of men ages 18 to 60 .
Not only is vibrator use common , but the two studies also show that vibrator use is associated with more positive sexual function and being more proactive in caring for one 's sexual health .
The studies , led by researchers at the Center for Sexual Health Promotion in IU 's School of Health , Physical Education and Recreation , are the first to publish data about vibrator use from nationally representative samples of the U.S. population .
This lack of data has existed despite a longstanding practice by many physicians and therapists to recommend vibrator use to help treat sexual dysfunctions or to improve sexual enjoyment .
One study surveyed women .
The other surveyed men .
Both were published this week by the " Journal of Sexual Medicine , " a leading peer - reviewed journal in the area of urology and sexual health .
" The study about women 's vibrator use affirms what many doctors and therapists have known for decades -- that vibrator use is common , it 's linked to positive sexual function such as desire and ease of orgasm , and it 's rarely associated with any side effects , " said Debby Herbenick , associate director of the Center for Sexual Health Promotion .
Michael Reece , director of the Center for Sexual Health Promotion , said the studies are important for the contributions they make to an understanding of the sexual behaviors and sexual health of adults in today 's society .
" The study about male vibrator use is additionally important because it shows that vibrator use is also common among men , something that has not been documented before , " Reece said .
" Also , both studies help us to further understand the way in which American consumers are turning to the marketplace for products that promote their sexual health , and that has important economic implications . "
The studies are the first to document insights into how and why people use vibrators , examine side effects and to explore associations with sexual health behaviors , sexual enjoyment and quality of life measures .
advertisement
The studies were funded by Church & Dwight Co. Inc. , maker of Trojan® brand sexual health products .
Here are some of the findings from the studies , which involve survey responses from 2,056 women and 1,047 men ages 18 -60 .
For women
More than half of the women ( 52.5 percent ) had used a vibrator with nearly one in four having done so in the past month .
Vibrator users were significantly more likely to have had a gynecological exam during the past year and to have performed genital self - examination during the previous month .
Vibrator use was positively related to several aspects of sexual function ( desire , arousal , lubrication , orgasm , pain and overall function ) with recent vibrator users scoring themselves higher on most sexual function domains , suggesting more positive sexual function .
advertisement
Most women ( 71.5 percent ) reported having never experienced any side effects associated with vibrator use .
Those side effects that were reported were typically rare and of a short duration .
For men
The prevalence of men who had incorporated a vibrator into sexual activities during their lives was 44.8 percent , with no statistical differences between the rates of vibrator use between men who identified as heterosexual and those who identified as gay or bisexual .
Heterosexual men most commonly reported having used vibrators during foreplay or intercourse with a female partner , with 91 percent of those who had used a vibrator reporting that they had done so during such activities with women .
Of men who have used vibrators , 10 percent had done so in the past month , 14.2 percent in the past year and 20.5 percent more than one year ago .
Men who reported having used vibrators , particularly those with more recent use , were more likely to report participation in sexual health promoting behaviors , such as testicular self - exam .
Men who had used vibrators recently also scored themselves higher on four of the five domains of sexual function , as measured by the International Index of Erectile Function ( erectile function , intercourse satisfaction , orgasmic function and sexual desire ) .
The study specifically sought to establish nationally representative rates of vibrator use among men and women in the United States .
Vibrators are electrical devices that produce pulses of variable amplitude and frequency to enhance sexual arousal in men and women by stimulating the genitals .
Marketed widely to women through the Internet , women 's magazines , boutiques and in - home sex toy parties , they also are available in drug stores and other mainstream retailers .
A Louisiana man on a trip to San Francisco with friends was shot and killed after a woman the tourists had met at a South of Market nightclub allegedly lured them to an isolated housing project to be robbed , police said Monday .
Michael Bailey , 26 , a married father of two and a senior in electrical engineering at Southern University at Baton Rouge , was with two friends from Louisiana and an Oakland acquaintance when they met the woman at City Nights at Third and Harrison streets Saturday night , police said .
The men agreed to drive the woman home after the club closed early Sunday .
She directed the out - of - towners to Double Rock Street in the Alice Griffith public housing project , located in Hunters Point just north of Candlestick Park .
When they arrived shortly after 3 a.m.
Sunday , robbers were waiting , police said .
" Somebody walked up to the car and there was a verbal interaction , " said Sgt. Lyn Tomioka , a spokeswoman for the Police Department .
" Everyone was told to get out of the car .
Then others came up and started going through their pockets . "
There was another verbal exchange , police said , which ended with one of the assailants shooting Bailey .
The mortally wounded Bailey was put in the car .
" They somehow got to Third Street and flagged down an officer , " Tomioka said .
Bailey was pronounced dead at San Francisco General Hospital .
Police arrested the woman they believe set up the friends for the robbery but have not identified her .
They are still looking for the gunman and the others involved in the attack .
Bailey and his friends " thought they were doing the right thing , " said police Lt. Mike Stasko of the homicide detail , " and they ended up getting set up . "
Police Chief George Gascón said , " It does n't appear ( the victims ) had any criminal involvement .
They were people who came up here visiting and having a good time and unfortunately , this very tragic event occurred . "
Bailey was in his last semester at Southern , said the chairman of the electrical engineering department , Pradeep Bhattacharya .
He had been a peer counselor at the school .
" He was a good student - he wanted to continue with university work , " Bhattacharya said .
As a research project , Bailey was designing an anti-theft system for cars in which hidden sensors could detect intruders .
" You could see who was doing what from your home or from outside , " Bhattacharya said .
He said that Bailey 's mother was retired from the local power company and that his father was a career member of the military .
Bailey married an engineering student who graduated recently .
Gascón said San Francisco investigators had promising leads and hoped to make more arrests .
He stressed that the city 's homicide total this year is about half what it was at this time in 2008 , and that San Francisco is a " very safe " place .
" I want to reassure the community - we are following many leads aggressively , " Gascón said .
" This is one that we believe we have some places to go in the way of leads . "
Bad day for USA .
Good day for GOP ?
Remember when Republicans accused Democrats of rooting against America ?
Judging from the volume of exultant Tweets and press releases from Republicans today -- you 'd think they'd won a doubleheader , what with Chicago losing the Olympics and the unemployment numbers rising unexpectedly .
Within the first 45 minutes after the Labor Department announced a worse than expected Sept. jobless numbers , I received no fewer than eight GOP press releases blasting away at President Obama for failing to stem the tide of unemployment .
Rep. Mike Pence ( R - IN ) literally hit the send button at 8:30 a.m. , the moment the announcement of the 263,000 losses were announced : “ As unemployment continues to climb , we are reminded yet again that wasteful government spending is not the solutions to what ails this economy . ”
" The President repeatedly claimed that he would ' create or save jobs . '
It is clear that his reckless spending and big government policies have failed , " Rep. John Culberson said .
" House Republicans laid out a serious and substantive agenda that put jobs first , but unfortunately House Democrats , along with the White House , instead took an unfocused , ' got it alone ' approach , " Republican Whip Eric Cantor said .
Seconds after the stunning announcement that Chicago had been eliminated from Olympic contention , GOP luminaries were Twittering away with glee , celebrating the USA 's humiliating international loss , which , of course , embarrassed Obama , who made the trip to Copenhagen .
Newt Gingrich rolled all the bad - good news into a single Tweet , throwing Iran in for good measure : " President Obama fails to get the Olympics while unemployment goes to 9.8 % Iran continues nuclear program .
America needs focused leadership . "
GOP operative Matt Machowiak was giddy , " Actually Obama got the flowers , not even the bronze "
RedState 's Erick Erickson , actually laughed [ in print ] :
" Hahahahaha .
I thought the world would love us more now that Bush was gone .
I thought if we whored ourselves out to our enemies , great things would happen .
Apparently not .
So Obama ’s pimped us to every two bit thug and dictator in the world , made promises to half the Olympic committee , and they did not even kiss him .
So much for improving America ’s standing in the world , Barry O . "
There are cooler heads : Former Mitt Romney spokesman Kevin Madden passed along some entirely unheeded advice from another Republican strategist , Scott Stanzel : " Note to GOP officials / consultants - resist temptation to pile on about Chicago losing just becuz Obama made the pitch . "
[ w/ Meredith Shiner and Marty Kady II ]
The premise of the book is that a person who does n't know much about the oil industry sets out to find out what it is really like on the inside .
It reminded me in some ways of Crude World by Peter Maass ( which I reviewed here ) .
The biggest difference is that Margonelli was approaching the subject from a pretty basic starting point , and Maass had written quite a bit about the industry when he tackled Crude World .
by Lisa Margonelli was recommended by Paul Sankey at the 2009 Energy Information Administration Conference as a book that provided great insight into the oil industry .
I have had it on my list of books to read , and recently picked it up to read during my travels .
I have been traveling a lot lately , and I like to read while I travel , so I knocked it out over the past couple of trips I have taken .
I guess I never cease to be amazed by what people think the oil industry is like , and what it is really like .
People seem to think that the oil industry is a bunch of guys in a smoke - filled room who conspire to set prices .
To be honest , that 's probably the way I viewed the industry when I was growing up .
And still , my first reaction to my cable bill going up is " Those greedy cable companies are ripping me off . "
The big difference with the cable companies , though , is that their profits are n't thrust in everyone 's faces at the end of every quarter .
Every time oil prices do spike up and oil companies show nice profits , people do feel like they have been taken advantage of .
But I digress a bit .
For this book , Margonelli embedded herself within various sectors of the oil industry .
She spent time throughout the supply chain , hanging out at a gas station in California where she found that the owners made more money on candy and soda than they did on gasoline .
She spent a day with a tanker truck driver and his dispatcher , and spent time in a refinery and on an oil rig .
She even got inside the Strategic Petroleum Reserve , which is typically off limits to visitors .
She traveled abroad to Chad , Venezuela , Nigeria , and even Iran to understand the world of oil and what is has meant to these regions .
Here were what I thought were some of Margonelli 's more interesting observations .
She spoke a lot about the indirect costs of using oil .
In talking about oil spills , she mentioned that her view of an oil spill had always been dominated by the Exxon Valdez .
She had never connected these spills to her own fuel usage , but learned that drivers and boaters spill more oil every year than did the Exxon Valdez .
The number she cited was 19 million gallons of oil products spilled each year in our waterways by boaters and auto drivers .
She wrote about the notion that oil companies are in a conspiracy to set prices .
A jobber she spoke with - someone who has to buy fuel from the oil companies - said " There are eleven studies which show there is n't a conspiracy .
Chevron , Shell , Exxon - they hate each other .
It 's like war daily .
For them to collude is insanity , but people believe what they want to believe . "
On that topic , she noted an episode of hypocrisy displayed by Nancy Pelosi .
One day in 2006 Pelosi told a group of school children that we had n't done enough to reduce our dependence on gasoline , and so demand was high and that 's why the price was high .
Then she got in front of the cameras and she cited the conspiracy of big oil and the Republicans working for their interests .
But as Margonelli noted , " the myth of conspiracy overwhelms reason , particularly when pump prices and oil company profits are high . "
I think the lesson there is " If the talking point is working , keep pushing it . "
She met an old - time wildcatter named Michel Halbouty ( now deceased ) who complained that the country has not had a coherent energy policy in 30 years .
He advocated more promotion of domestic energy exploration , and fears a slow slide into deindustrialization .
He noted that the main problem is that " People .
Don't.
Care . "
As long as they can pull in and fill up , they just do n't care about energy policy .
In China , she met with someone within the government who was involved with energy policy .
He noted that it would be a disaster for China to move toward an American way of life , but he says that cars are clearly there to stay in China .
On GDP , Margonelli wrote that China requires 4 or 5 times as much energy as Japan per point of GDP .
Finally , the minister commented that China needs " a bigger space to survive under U.S. hegemony . "
On that point , she also spoke with a European analyst who said that U.S. hegemony is a part of China 's strategy ; that if they can get the U.S. to bear the expense of maintaining the energy status quo , they will have the time and resources to retool their economy .
In the epilogue , Margonelli comments that there is no such thing as cheap gas ; that there are hidden costs throughout the supply chain .
But the population has come to expect cheap gas as a " grand bargain " with the government and the oil companies .
When the price goes high , they look to the government to punish the oil companies so prices will come back down .
One weakness in the book is that it really did n't address the question of depletion .
It seemed to take at face value that oil will continue to be available and business will continue as normal for decades .
However , I note that Margonelli was at the ASPO Conference this year ( along with Peter Maas ; I am sorry I missed that ) so she got a heavy dose of peak oil information .
Some very interesting comments by her can be found at this story covering the conference .
As one might expect , Margonelli emerged from her experience with a radically different view of how the oil industry works .
I have to agree with Paul Sankey 's assessment that it does provide great insight into the industry , from a very basic starting point and with a balanced view .
As one reviewer pointed out , it could have been titled " The Petro- economy for Dummies " , which is to say it is a book that is easily understood by those with zero knowledge of the industry .
This book would be on my short list of books to recommend to people who want to know what the industry is really like .
Britain knew that American agents were using barbaric torture techniques on terror suspects , including British resident Binyam Mohamed , it emerged yesterday .
Secret reports sent between MI5 and the CIA in 2002 reveal that the American security services were using torture practices which included waterboarding , facial slaps and stress positions .
The extent of Britain 's knowledge was made clear in the latest High Court judgment in the case of Binyam Mohamed , who claims Britain actively colluded in his torture while he was being unlawfully held by the Americans in Morocco seven years ago .
Mr Mohamed alleges that his torture included the cutting of his genitals with a razor blade .
Yesterday 's judgment says the treatment of Mr Mohamed was similar to that of Abu Zubaydah , allegedly a high - ranking al - Qa'ida terrorist who was subjected to the 10 torture practices used by the CIA at Guantanamo Bay .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
David Miliband , the Foreign Secretary , had argued that revealing details of the 10 torture techniques would threaten Britain 's intelligence - sharing relationship with the US .
But President Barack Obama ordered their publication earlier this year and the judges concluded they could refer to them .
The first of the two reinstated paragraphs reads : " One of those memoranda dated August 1 2002 , from Mr J S Bybee , Assistant Attorney - General , to Mr John Rizzo , acting General Counsel of the CIA , made clear that the techniques [ the alleged torture of Binyam Mohamed ] described were those employed against Mr Zubaydah , alleged to be a high - ranking member of al - Qa'ida . "
The rest of the paragraph , which remained redacted from public versions of the judgment , is a quotation from the memo made public by Mr Obama .
In their latest ruling in the former Guantanamo detainee 's case against the Foreign Office , the judges said : " Of itself , the treatment to which Mr Mohamed was subjected could never properly be described in a democracy as ' a secret ' or an ' intelligence secret ' or ' a summary of classified intelligence ' . "
The human rights group Reprieve accused Mr Miliband of using an " Alice in Wonderland " argument to suppress the details of the torture of Mr Mohamed .
Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesman Edward Davey said : " David Miliband must end this shameful episode now . "
Lord Justice Thomas and Mr Justice Lloyd Jones had redacted passages from a previous judgment after hearing argument on behalf of Mr Miliband that disclosure could jeopardise the UK 's intelligence - sharing relationship with the US .
They said the redacted material should be put back in because it was " essential " to their reasoning and no threat to national security .
But the passages , apart from two paragraphs to which the Foreign Office no longer objects , will still not be made public yet because Mr Miliband is taking the issue to the Court of Appeal next month .
The DOL reports weekly unemployment insurance claims decreased to 502,000 :
In the week ending Nov. 7 , the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims was 502,000 , a decrease of 12,000 from the previous week 's revised figure of 514,000 .
[ revised from 512,000 ]
The 4 - week moving average was 519,750 , a decrease of 4,500 from the previous week 's revised average of 524,250 .
...
The advance number for seasonally adjusted insured unemployment during the week ending Oct. 31 was 5,631,000 , a decrease of 139,000 from the preceding week 's revised level of 5,770,000 .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the 4 - week moving average of weekly claims since 1971 .
The four - week average of weekly unemployment claims decreased this week by 4,500 to 519,750 , and is now 139,000 below the peak in April .
The significant decline from the peak strongly suggests that initial weekly claims have peaked for this cycle .
The level is still very high suggesting continuing job losses .
The Supreme Court may be about to radically change politics by striking down the longstanding rule that says corporations cannot spend directly on federal elections .
If the floodgates open , money from big business could overwhelm the electoral process , as well as the making of laws on issues like tax policy and bank regulation .
The court , which is scheduled to hear arguments on this issue on Wednesday , is rushing to decide a monumental question at breakneck speed and seems willing to throw established precedents and judicial modesty out the window .
Corporations and unions have been prohibited from spending their money on federal campaigns since 1947 , and corporate contributions have been barred since 1907 .
States have barred corporate expenditures since the late 1800s .
These laws are very much needed today .
In the 2008 election cycle , Fortune 100 companies alone had combined revenues of $ 13.1 trillion and profits of $ 605 billion .
That dwarfs the $ 1.5 billion that Federal Election Commission - registered political parties spent during the same election period , or the $ 1.2 billion spent by federal political action committees .
The Supreme Court has repeatedly upheld the limitations on corporate campaign expenditures .
In 1990 , in Austin v. Michigan Chamber of Commerce , and again in 2003 , in McConnell v. Federal Election Commission , it made clear that Congress was acting within its authority and that the restrictions are consistent with the First Amendment .
NY Drops Mandatory Vaccination Rule
A judge had issued a temporary restraining order on Oct. 16 to halt enforcement of the New York State regulation , but the governor 's office said the rule was suspended because of limited supply of vaccines .
Health workers in New York State wo n't be required to receive flu vaccination after all , now that the state has suspended a mandatory vaccination regulation .
The New York Times reported the reversal last night and said Gov. David A. Paterson said it was done because H1N1 vaccine is in short supply .
The State Supreme Court in Manhattan was scheduled to hold a hearing on Monday to decide whether to issue a preliminary injunction that would prevent the New York State Department of Health from enforcing the emergency regulation , which was issued in late September and would have meant hundreds of thousands of workers would have been required to accept seasonal and H1N1 vaccinations .
The case was filed on behalf of Suzanne Field , a nurse who works in the Poughkeepsie , N.Y. area .
The New York State Nurses Association , with 37,000 members the state 's largest union for registered nurses , encourages nurses to voluntarily receive flu vaccine but contends the regulation is unwarranted in the absence of a declared emergency .
" The rule appears to interfere with the freedom to contract between employers and employees and violates the free exercise of religion by denying exemptions to employees whose religious beliefs prevent them from being vaccinated , " NYSNA says .
In Albany , State Supreme Court Justice Thomas J. McNamara had issued a temporary restraining order on Oct. 16 to halt enforcement of the regulation .
A citizen is so tired of his country 's copyright laws he has reported himself to an anti-piracy group .
In his written confession , the ' pirate ' admits to copying more than one hundred purchased movies and TV shows for his own use - legal in Denmark - but breaking DRM on the same is an act forbidden under Danish law .
In his self - written mass - infringement notice entitled “ Notification of digital copies of legally bought DVD movies , ” frustrated citizen Henrik Andersen confesses all to an anti-piracy outfit , in the hope of sparking debate on the catch 22 situation he and other Danish consumers find themselves in .
“ I ’ve started this because i do n’t want to be a criminal , ” Henrik told Torrent Freak .
“ As the law is today , you can not have a media center without breaking the law .
When I think of a media center it is a place where you have all your movies , pictures and music together .
You can only do that by having a digital copy of the movie . ”
“ In my media center I have digital copies of my legally purchased DVD movies , ” he writes in his confession .
“ Overall , I suppose I ’ve made digital copies of approx .
100 films and 10 seasons of TV series , ” he added .
On the surface this should be fine , since Danish copyright law allows for the private , non-commercial copying of purchased DVDs .
12 . –(1 ) Anyone is entitled to make or have made , for private purposes , single copies of works which have been made public if this is not done for commercial purposes .
Such copies must not be used for any other purpose .
Unfortunately the law does not allow for the circumvention of the DRM on the disks in order to do so .
75.c – (1 )
It is not permitted to circumvent effective technological measures without the consent of the rights holder .
“ Since the above copying is a violation of Danish law , I would therefore like to declare myself in violation of section 75 of the copyright law , ” Henrik told Antipiratgruppen .
While previously acknowledging this catch 22 situation , Denmark ’s Ministry of Culture felt that the situation would shortly rectify itself .
“ … it is expected that in future copy protection will be designed in such a way that it will be possible to take one or more copies for personal use , and this is certainly the intention of the law , ” they wrote .
However , as Henrik points out , while this might be the government ’s plan , the movie industry has failed to live up to this vision , hence his intended piracy martyrdom to draw attention to the issue .
“ As the culture minister sees no reason to change the law , she must , in my opinion , not understand the problem , therefore I choose to confess to you , to see whether you are prepared to get the legislation tested in court , ” says Henrik as he concludes his confession .
Henrik has given Antipiratgruppen until December 1st to respond .
Even given a prosecution on a plate , it ’s extremely unlikely they will take him up on his offer .
The Committee of MPs set up to examine the procedures of the House of Commons in the wake of the parliamentary expenses scandal has finally reported on something much worse , the emasculation of members .
In its account , the Committee unconsciously describes this state of affairs almost as the dictionary has it .
For emasculation can mean " rendering a male less of a man " , or " making a male feel himself to be less of a man by subjecting him to humiliation " .
In just this way , backbench MPs feel themselves ineffective and regularly reminded of their unimportance .
That is why the Committee , led by Dr Tony Wright , observes : " At present many Members ( of Parliament ) do not see the point in attending debates or making the House the primary focus of their activities . "
This is a very dismaying statement .
Let me repeat it for it demonstrates the appalling state into which our democracy has tumbled : " At present many MPs do not see the point in attending debates or making the House the primary focus of their activities . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Why is this ?
Because ordinary Members of Parliament have no control of the agenda of the House .
The timetable of business is arranged by the government of the day down to the last five minutes .
It is obvious : if you can only discuss and debate what the Government says you may discuss and debate , then there is no reason at all to turn up .
Of course , the Opposition has certain days at its disposal , but the Government decides when these will be .
General and topical debates unrelated to legislation are arranged , but the Government sets the subjects .
The Government determines alone how much time shall be given for consideration of major bills .
They are very often rushed through with numerous clauses slipped by that receive no scrutiny on the floor of the House .
The Government can kill off backbench legislation whenever it chooses .
The House cannot even freely debate its own business .
The motion of no confidence in the previous Speaker could only take place when the Government felt minded to allow it .
Yes , there are select committees that can range widely , but the Government heavily influences both the choice of chairs and members and , in any case , hardly ever allows time for the debate of select committee reports .
This bending of the House of Commons to the will of the government of the day has been a gradual process taking many decades .
But what began as the perfectly reasonable desire by government that its business should be handled expeditiously has now become an obsession .
Speed is prized to meet timetables that maximise media interest .
Alternative views are censored so as to preserve a public image carefully designed to serve non -stop electioneering .
Seen from the perspective of the Government whips , therefore , freelance backbench activity is , as they would put it , unhelpful .
The Committee makes two recommendations .
The first is the creation of a backbench body responsible for all business that is not strictly ministerial .
The second is to boost the standing and authority of select committees through the direct election by both of their Chairs and of committee members , albeit weighted so that the relative voting strengths of the political parties are duly reflected .
These are good so far as they go .
But if the full reform of our severely damaged constitutional arrangements is a marathon course , then these proposals take us only the first 100 yards .
Perhaps not even that , for the Committee is a bit too respectful of Government .
It argues that it is entirely right that a democratically elected Government should have a priority to put its legislation and other propositions before the House at a time of its own choosing .
Agreed .
But then it goes on : " and ( the Government should ) be able to plan for the conclusion of that business " .
No .
Legislation should only emerge from Parliament after it has been thoroughly examined and the Government should wait for however long the process takes .
Similarly the Committee is reluctant to propose anything that would mean that MPs would have to work harder .
It says there will be little appetite for reforms that put " significant pressure on Members ' time " .
And it adds that there is also a widely - held view , " mistaken though it may be , that when the House is not sitting ( 80 days ) then Members are on holiday " .
But how exactly are the 80 days used ?
The brutal truth is that if MPs want to have more influence then they will have to stop whining and raise their game .
The rest of us are constantly finding " significant pressures " on our time .
Why not MPs ?
Dr Wright 's Committee has done its business and put forward sensible proposals .
Will they be taken up ?
I fear not .
Essentially the Government does not want any reform – nor does the Opposition in its heart of hearts .
However the Prime Minister , Mr Brown , wished to appear for a moment to be in favour of it .
So on 10 June he said he was " happy to give his support " to Dr Wright 's suggestion that there should be an inquiry into the conduct of House of Commons business .
From Mr Brown 's point of view , correct impression created .
Job done .
Nine days later a motion to establish such a committee was tabled .
Two weeks after that , it actually appeared on the order paper .
But no time was provided for debate – naturally not .
Then on the last day of the sitting the motion was bundled through and approved .
What I think will happen now is that some sort of process to put the Committee 's proposals into practice will begin , but it will not be completed by the time of the general election .
Once again the government of the day will have maintained its iron control over Parliament .
The next government will be no different .
It is now 33 years since Lord Hailsham described our constitutional arrangements as an " elective dictatorship " .
It was meant as a warning .
CNN reports that “ A coalition of top musicians , including R.E.M. and Pearl Jam , want to know if their music was used by the U.S. military as part of controversial interrogation methods at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . ”
I do n’t know whether such information is discoverable using the Freedom of Information Act , but my correspondent ( David Cavanagh ) and I noticed that there ’s talk of possible copyright infringement liability :
It is unclear if any of the artists plan to pursue legal action , but [ Kate ]
Doyle said she ’d be “ surprised if some of them were n’t thinking about it . ”
And I do know something about copyright law , so I thought I ’d speak to that .
Copyright law gives the owners of copyrights in musical compositions — basically , the lyrics and the tunes — the right to control public performances of the work .
( Performances here includes simple playing of CDs and the like . )
But it does n’t give copyright owners the right to control private performances .
If the music was played to just one terrorist at a time ( or even a few at a time ) , there ’d be no infringement of the public performance right .
If the music was played to the entire prison ( which I doubt ) , that might be a public performance , defined as a performance “ at a place open to the public or at any place where a substantial number of persons outside of a normal circle of a family and its social acquaintances is gathered . ”
I suspect that the Guantanamo detainees do n’t qualify as “ a normal circle of a family and its social acquaintances . ”
Then the question would be whether the military has a blanket license for public performances of this music , for instance via ASCAP and BMI — quite possible , given that the military doubtless performs music in other venues , though one would need to see whether that license covers all uses or only particular ones .
But even if the military was infringing the copyrights , through an unlicensed public performance ( and I stress again that the likely playing of the music was probably in a private setting ) , the remedies for federal government infringements of copyrights are limited to actual damages — here , probably a modest licensing fees — or the minimum statutory damages of $ 750 / work ; and even that could only be collected for infringements within the past three years .
( Of course , there would also be the question whether the infringement took place within the U.S. , and is therefore governed by U.S. copyright law in the first place ; that returns us to the question of whether Guantanamo is U.S. territory , which the Court answered affirmatively as to habeas corpus , but which I ’m sure has never been definitively resolved as to copyright law . )
Frank Williams and Patrick Head have announced that they have sold a minority interest in Williams Grand Prix Engineering Limited to an investment company led by Austrian investor Toto Wolff .
Wolff will also join the Williams board of directors .
Simple story .
But is it ?
Who is Wolff and why would Williams be interested in him ?
The partners have been offered lots of money in the past for shares and they have never given them away .
They even lost Adrian Newey because he wanted shares they were not willing to give .
So we need to find a reason for the deal .
The 37 - year - old Austrian is a hobby racer .
He started young enough in Formula Ford in Austrla but was not good enough to go far .
He moved to GTs and rallying , both classic routes for men with some talent and plenty of money .
He holds the current lap record of the old Nordschleife with a lap of 7m03secs in a Porsche 997 RSR .
In business he has been very successful , initially with investments in Internet and technology companies but more recently with strategic investments in medium - sized industrial enterprises with potential to grow .
The important connection is with a company called HWA AG , which Wolff is believed to control almost half of , perhaps more .
He is also involved with another firm called BRR Rallye Racing , which provides parts for rally teams and is a partner in the Aces Management Group , which is involved with Mika Hakkinen and Didier Coton and manages the careers of some young drivers .
Two years ago , when Wolff bought into HWA there started to be rumours that the company would like to be involved in Formula 1 .
To explain : HWA was set up by Hans - Werner Aufrecht ( hence the company name HWA ) .
Aufrecht was the founder in 1967 of AMG , which was established to tune Mercedes - Benz machinery for higher performance .
As the Stuttgart company became more interested in the sport and in performance road cars so AMG expanded and in the end Aufrecht was bought out and AMG became a Mercedes division and brand .
HWA took over the Mercedes - AMG entries in the DTM .
It later expanded to be the provider of the Mercedes - Benz Formula 3 engines , which of late are being to referred to as Mercedes - HWA engines .
When Wolff bought into HWA there were the first rumours that the company would like to be in Formula 1 as a secondary Mercedes - Benz team .
His aim was to expand the company .
HWA currently employs 224 employees and has not only static engine test rigs but also transient dynos .
There was also talk of engine deals in America .
The decision to do a deal with Wolff would seem to indicate that Williams is involved in some kind of engine project , perhaps initially a badging deal with Cosworth .
It is a good time to be getting into that area of the sport as there are plenty of people and intellectual property floating about , particularly in Germany , where BMW and Toyota have both stopped their F1 projects in recent months , providing a good opportunity for new engine companies to enter the sport if they have money available .
Eiether that or Williams is after a Mercedes - Benz engine supply deal in 2011 and this seems a good way to get it .
But that is giving away a lot to become a customer
It is not clear who now owns what at Williams as the company has allotted two shares to nominee directors .
The altered articles of association of the company , however , suggest that other shares may have changed hands as well as there is reference to family members and family trusts .
There are also likely to be different classes of shares in the business , which suggests that while some of the shareholders will own parts of the company , they may not have voting rights .
Al - Qaida has used the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks and the spectre of Osama bin Laden to taunt the United States in a new audio message warning that Barack Obama is powerless to win the war in Afghanistan on his own terms .
The message – entitled a " statement to the American people " , and purportedly recorded by the al - Qaida leader – says the US has failed to grasp why the attacks occurred , and its retaliatory wars have " cost you a lot without any result whatsoever " .
Bin Laden messages are typically released around 11 September .
The new 10 - minute address has emerged two days after the eighth anniversary .
It appeared on the as - Sahab website , which supporters of al - Qaida use .
Earlier this month , as - Sahab said it would soon carry a " present " to Muslims from Bin Laden .
Site Intelligence Group , a monitoring firm that translated the address , said Bin Laden blamed the war on the " pro-Israel lobby " and corporate interests .
IntelCenter , another company that monitors terrorist propaganda , said the video showed a still picture of Bin Laden while the audio played .
According to the Site translation , the stated purpose of the address is " to remind you of the causes " of September 11 , chiefly " your support to your Israeli allies who occupy our land of Palestine " .
Bin Laden , who is believed to be hiding in the mountainous region along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border , argued against claims that the war was necessary for US security .
He said White House officials were merely following the strategy of the Bush - Cheney administration to " promote the previous policies of fear to market the interests of big companies " .
When Obama became president and retained many of the Bush administration 's military leaders , such as the defence secretary , Robert Gates , " reasonable people knew that Obama is a powerless man who will not be able to end the war as he promised " , the speaker said .
" If you end the war , so be it .
But if it is otherwise , all we will do is continue the war of attrition against you on all possible axes .
" We have demonstrated and stated many times , for more than two and a half decades , that the cause of our disagreement with you is your support to your Israeli allies , who occupy our land of Palestine .
" The delay in your knowing those causes has cost you a lot without any result whatsoever .
" Ask yourselves to determine your position : is your security , your blood , your children , your money , your jobs , your homes , your economy , and your reputation dearer to you than the security of the Israelis , their children and their economy ?
" If you choose your security and cessation of war , and this is what the polls have shown , this requires you to work to punish those on your side who play with our security .
We are ready to respond to this choice on aforementioned sound and just bases .
" This position of yours , combined with some other injustices , pushed us to undertake the events [ of September 11 ] . "
In a previous message , in June , a speech attributed to Bin Laden said Obama had planted the seeds of " revenge and hatred " towards the US in the Muslim world .
Those remarks were issued just before a speech by Obama in which the president said he sought a " new beginning " between the US and Muslims .
Joe Lieberman has become the Balloon Boy dad of the Senate Democratic caucus , a fame - whore so addicted to media attention that he hatches ever - more - desperate and risky schemes that sell out his " family " to earn press attention .
Progressives can only hope that , like Richard Heene , Lieberman will finally be exposed as a fame - seeking fraudster after his latest stunt , Tuesday 's threat to filibuster any bill for healthcare reform that includes a public option .
No one who 's been paying attention should be surprised by Lieberman 's move , yet the Washington press corps responded as if they 'd never heard of the boy who cried wolf .
This is Lieberman 's schtick , the only act that 's ever consistently gotten him ratings .
Lieberman crashed and burned as a presidential candidate in 2003 , after his self - coined " Joementum " carried him to a pathetic fifth - place showing in the crucial New Hampshire Democratic primary .
And he was n't too much of a hit as a vice - presidential candidate , either , sucking up to Dick Cheney in debates and underwhelming voters with his trademark Droopy Dog jowly drone .
But what 's consistently gotten Lieberman the attention he so craves is when he positions himself as the tough - love disciplinarian who scolds , punishes and hurts his party , supposedly for its own good .
He got a taste of fame in the 1990s as the sanctimonious scold of the Senate , challenging the perception that his party was the more permissive by railing against sexually explicit music lyrics and violence in video games .
The press fawned over him in 1998 when he took to the floor of the Senate to verbally horsewhip Bill Clinton for his affair with Monica Lewinsky .
When Democrats questioned George Bush 's rush to war , Lieberman questioned their patriotism .
And last year , Lieberman made a desperate grab for some waning limelight by campaigning for the defeat of his party 's nominee for president and endorsing John McCain .
Lieberman won re-election in 2006 in part by convincing Connecticut voters that he was still a Democrat on every issue but the war .
Despite his history of blocking universal healthcare efforts , he claimed : " I can do more [ than Ned Lamont ] for you and your families to get something done to make healthcare affordable , to get universal health insurance . "
Many of the Connecticut voters who stuck with Lieberman in 2006 have figured out they were duped , and now regret being stuck with him in 2012 .
Polls have repeatedly shown that Lamont would beat Lieberman in a rematch , and that a well - known Democratic challenger would crush him in 2012 .
But Lieberman seems unconcerned about re-election at this point .
His fundraising is nearly at a standstill .
And Lieberman can't possibly claim to be representing his Connecticut constituents by opposing a the public option .
Fully 64 % of Connecticut voters support a public option , including 61 % of independents .
But there 's one constituency in the state with an interest in the status quo : the powerful for - profit health insurance industry .
Stock prices for health insurance companies , including Hartford - based insurance giant Aetna , plummeted on Wall Street Monday when Harry Reid , the Senate majority leader , announced that the Senate bill would include a version of the public option which would compete with corporate profiteers .
But they dramatically rebounded yesterday immediately following Lieberman 's announcement that he would filibuster a final vote on any bill containing a public option .
After Lieberman literally campaigned against everything Barack Obama stood for , it should be a surprise to no one that he is opposing the most important item on the president 's domestic agenda this year .
Senate Democrats should stand strong and refuse to give into Lieberman 's threats .
Better yet , they should do the last thing that folks like Richard Heene and Joe Lieberman want : refuse to give him attention .
Unfortunately , their recent track record suggests they 'll do the opposite .
It 's hard to know who 's auditioning harder for the role of Mayumi Heene in this Senate reality show , as so many of Lieberman 's Democratic colleagues have exhibited fawning , submissive enabling of this man .
Even after Lieberman spent 2008 campaigning to defeat Obama , Reid rewarded him with the chairmanship of the powerful homeland security committee , saying : " We need every vote .
He 's with us on everything but the war . "
How 's that working out , Harry ?
Lieberman's " other half " in the Connecticut delegation , Chris Dodd , who Obama anointed as the standard - bearer for healthcare reform in the Senate after the death of Ted Kennedy , inexplicably said on Tuesday said that Lieberman should not face retribution from the caucus if he follows through on his threat to block Obama 's bill .
How many times do these guys have to be punched in the face before they break up with Lieberman once and for all ?
This is where the press should come in .
The truth is , Lieberman 's stated objections to the the public option are as flimsy and full of air as Balloon Boy 's mylar and helium contraption .
Thus far , however , only a few reporters have bothered to debunk Lieberman 's bogus claim that the public option will add to the deficit , an assertion contradicted by the Congressional Budget Office 's figures .
Lieberman and I are from the same hometown in Connecticut .
He spoke at my graduation from our shared alma mater , Stamford High School .
Local political legend has it that Lieberman won his very first campaign , for class president at Stamford High , with a poster picturing him perched on the roof his house reading " Vote for me or I 'll jump " .
The last thing Lieberman 's colleagues in the Senate caucus should do is give in to his threats once again .
Ignore him .
Let him jump .
Or better yet , after all this , push him out .
* Dubai govt disclaims responsibility for Dubai World debt
* Dubai banks do not need more liquidity help , official says
* Restructuring “ wise ” , but affects creditors in short term
( Adds details , quotes )
By Amran Abocar
DUBAI , Nov 30 ( Reuters ) -
The Dubai government disclaimed responsibility for the debts of its Dubai World conglomerate on Monday , crushing earlier assumptions by creditors that the Arab emirate would guarantee its liabilities .
“ Creditors need to take part of the responsibility for their decision to lend to the companies , ” said Abdulrahman al - Saleh , director general of Dubai ’s department of finance .
“ They think Dubai World is part of the goverment , which is not correct . ”
United Arab Emirates stocks plunged on Monday as investors waited for clarity on Dubai ’s request for a six - month delay on repaying billions of dollars in debt issued by Dubai World and its Nakheel unit , developer of three palm tree - shaped islands .
“ The government is the owner of the company , but since its foundation it was established that the company is not guaranteed by the government , ” Saleh explained on Dubai Television .
“ It deals with all parties on this basis and it borrows based on ... its projects and not the guarantee of the government , ” he said .
Saleh said market reaction to last Wednesday ’s announcement by Dubai World , which initially shook global financial confidence , was exaggerated .
“ The restructuring is a wise decision that is in the interest of all parties in the long term but might bother creditors in the short term , ” he declared .
The standstill agreement would affect about $ 5.7 billion of debt due to mature before the end of May .
The UAE central bank has promised additional liquidity to local banks , but Saleh said he doubted it would be required .
“ I think banks are not at a stage where they need any extra liquidity from the central bank , ” he said .
Dubai World is one of the emirate ’s three big holding firms , along with Dubai Holding and Investment Corporation of Dubai .
( Writing by Amran Abocar ; Editing by Alistair Lyon ) ( ( amran.abocar@thomsonreuters.com ; +971 4 391 8301 ; Reuters Messaging : amran.abocar.reuters.com@reuters.net ) )
Posted by John , November 4th , 2009 - under Uncategorised .
Tags : Capitalism , Crisis , Economic crisis , Economists
The tipsters for the Melbourne Cup were wrong .
Bart Cummings did n’t win .
In fact the hoopla about the 81 year old winning his 13th Cup was just that – a feeding frenzy that had a material effect .
Millions of working class Australians put millions upon millions on his horses .
Why ?
Because Bart trained them .
I had a look at the tipsters .
Almost to a man ( and the occasional token women ) they had a Bart trained horse in their picks .
So it was a Shocking result for them .
Apparently Bart is the Warren Buffett of Australian horse racing .
Unfortunately the oracle of odds picked the wrong horse .
The tipsters got the fundamentals wrong .
They were swept up in rumour and substituted hope for rationality .
That got me thinking about stock markets .
In Australia the stock market has grown 50 percent in in the last seven months .
The pundits are starting to tell us that the crisis is over .
And every bookie economist and pub tipster is telling us to back their favourite .
Even bourgeois economists are entering the ring .
Ken Henry , Treasury ’s head honcho , thinks that the golden times are back .
He can see the Australian economy growing on China ’s back for the next 40 years .
No major slumps , no recessions , no depressions , with one provision – a long as the working class bears the burden of capitalism ’s costs around climate change , population growth , and the like .
I would have thought the very threat to existence climate change poses , the possibility of revolution in China , the boom / slump and depression history of capitalism itself , might make him a little more cautious .
But no .
Obviously the bandwagon effect is not limited to punters .
Most economists in early 2008 had no idea about the possibility of a global financial crisis .
Now they have no idea about the recovery .
As John Kenneth Galbraith said ‘ the only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable ’.
The Australian Financial Review runs a hypothetical investment competition every couple of months .
This time it was won by the dart board picker , with the astrologer and the monkey runners up .
Bourgeois economists look not at fundamentals like the rate of profit but at surface phenomena .
It ’s like driving by looking in the rear view mirror .
None of this means Marxists can predict the stock market or the economy specifically .
But we do understand that the system is crisis ridden because competition forces the bourgeoisie to invest more and more in capital compared to labour .
Since labour is the source of value and hence profit this means over time that there is a tendency for the rate of profit to fall .
This is the dagger at the heart of capitalism .
Some economists , drawing on the chaotic lessons of the global financial crisis ( which is in fact a crisis of profitability ) , are puzzling over the global stock market recovery and the spectre of increasing unemployment .
They worry about the fundamentals .
What caused the crisis and why is the market bouncing back ?
Like one or two tipsters this minority of economists are not sure the favourites will win the market Cup .
But they do n’t know which way to jump or who to back .
They have no idea how their own system works .
Let me give you a tip .
Economic crisis is integral to capitalism , to the very way production is organised .
You can bet on that .
Apps involving augmented reality may be the next big thing , but this guy 's crappy cellphone is already light years ahead .
[ Sheepfilms via b3ta via YBNBY ]
Advertisement
Above photos modified from originals by
and
under creative commons license .
Image of lateral dissected skull by
, via deviantART ( modified from original ) .
One of the most visually striking differences between modern humans and other hominins is the shape of the forehead .
The frontal bone of the forehead serves two primary functions : it houses the frontal lobes of the brain in the anterior cranial fossa and also forms the orbital roof .
When the orbits are positioned anterior to the frontal lobes , a supraorbital torus or brow ridge , forms in order to bridge the gap .
This is particularly the case in archaic members of the genus Homo , whose brain cases are positioned well behind their faces .
The incredible brow ridges of Homo erectus is perhaps this species most salient physical feature .
They possess a flattened forehead with a bar - like brow ridge over the eye sockets .
The supraorbital torus is continuous and thickened laterally , which in turn is associated with a pinching of the orbital breadth behind the eye sockets , known as postorbital constriction .
In H. erectus , the supraorbital torus is separated from the frontal squama by a depression called the posttoral sulcus .
While most Erectines conform to this general bauplan , there is a lot of regional variation in the exact form of the torus .
Neandertals are characterised by their long , large , low and wide skull .
They have a double - arched browridge above the orbits , which angles backward on the sides of the face .
It is depressed along the middle by the presence of a supraglabellar fossa .
Compared to H. erectus , Neandertals have a more vertical and rounded forehead , with a less pronounced supraorbital torus .
Modern humans have a vertical forehead , due to in no small part to the expansion of the front part of the brain .
Unlike in other hominins , the frontal lobes sit directly above the orbits , negating the need for a supraorbital torus .
Instead , we tend to have relatively lightly developed superciliary arches .
In present day populations , large supraorbitals are generally seen in individuals that have both robust and narrow skulls .
Supraorbital ridges can also occur in cases of neurodevelopmental disorders , such as microcephaly , in which case normal orbital size is combined with smaller cerebral size .
The presence of a supraorbital torus in the hominin Homo floresiensis was one of the traits that some researchers used to suggest that these dwarf humans were in fact microcephalic Homo sapiens .
Modern adult humans have the most flexed basicranium of any mammal .
This is due largely to us having a more vertically oriented sphenoid bone .
A more flexed cranial base repositions the face directly below the anterior cranial fossa , while a more extended cranial base results in greater facial prognathism .
In turn , the combination of an extended cranial base and facial forwardness influences the development of the supraorbital region .
Early modern human skulls , such as Skhūl V and Dar es-Soltan , have prominent brow ridges .
The development of large supraorbitals in these specimens results from greater cranial base angulation .
In this regard , the development of the supraorbital region in some early modern humans does not result from neuro - orbital disjunction like in archaic humans , but primarily because of their more extended cranial base .
While much has been written about the non-metric variation of the frontal in hominins , there is little in the way of metric analyses , due to the bone 's lack of cranial landmarks .
Sheela Athreya recently carried out a quantitative study of the frontal bones of various Pleistocene hominins .
She collected outlines along the sagittal and parasagittal planes of the bone .
Based on her analyses , specimens were classified as either Early Pleistocene , Homo erectus , Middle Pleistocene , Neandertal or anatomically modern Homo sapiens .
The highest classification accuracy was along the midsagittal plane , with a success rate of a mere 68 % .
In other words , using this technique almost one - third of specimens were misclassified .
A well - seasoned palaeoanthropologist would have a much higher success rate using only non-metric traits .
The key to identifying which species a particular frontal bone comes from involves looking at the totality of features along the entire length of the torus and surrounding bone .
It is likely that if each of the curves were combined in a multivariate analysis they would have yielded a much higher classificatory success rate .
Linear measurements along a curve only capture two dimensions of the frontal form , thereby losing a lot of information contained in the third dimension .
A better approach would be to digitise a three - dimensional dense point cloud along the entire bone and to analyse the region using geometric morphometrics .
However , such equipment is expensive and not available in most anthropology departments .
Perhaps the most important outcome of this study was that it quantitatively confirmed some of the general characteristics of the frontal form of Homo , that have been previously described qualitatively .
These include the fact that most of the variation in the frontal bone between Pleistocene groups is along the midsagittal plane .
The study additionally found Homo erectus to differ from all other groups in the projection of the glabellar region .
Finally , it identified modern humans as differing from all other groups in the curvature of the forehead , as well as the prominence of the lateral supraorbital torus .
This confirms what many palaeoanthropologists have been saying for a long time – the lack of a supraorbital torus in modern humans is a uniquely derived feature .
Athreya , S. A comparative study of frontal bone morphology among Pleistocene hominin fossil groups , J Hum Evol ( 2009 ) , doi:10.1016/j.jhevol.2009.09.003 .Lahr , MM .
The Evolution of Modern Human Diversity : A Study on Cranial Variation .
Cambridge ; New York : Cambridge University Press , 1996 .
Lieberman , Daniel E , Osbjorn M Pearson , and Kenneth M Mowbray .
" Basicranial Influence on Overall Cranial Shape . " Journal of Human Evolution 38 ( 2000 ) : doi:10.1006/jhev.1999.0335 .Martin RD , MacLarnon AM , Phillips JL , Dussebieux L , Williams PR , Dobyns WV. 2006 a .
Comment on ‘‘ The brain of LB1 , Homo floresiensis . ’’
Science 312:999b .Trinkaus .
Modern Human versus Neandertal Evolutionary Distinctiveness .
Current Anthropology ( 2006 ) vol. 47 ( 4 ) pp. 597-620 .
Trinkaus .
European early modern humans and the fate of the Neandertals .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( 2007 ) 104 ( 18 ) pp. 7367-7372 .
( AP ) -- Analysis of a dozen published studies testing possible new uses for a Pfizer Inc. epilepsy drug found that reporting of the results was often fudged , indicating the medicine worked better than internal company documents showed .
According to the report , when a company - funded study 's primary finding was n't favorable , that result was usually buried and something else positive was highlighted , without disclosing the switch .
The documents used in the review were obtained by lawyers suing Pfizer for refunds on prescriptions paid for by insurers and consumers .
The lawyers , who are seeking class action status for the cases , claim Pfizer concealed evidence the epilepsy drug Neurontin did n't work for those unapproved uses , including nerve pain , migraines and bipolar disorder .
One of the report 's authors is an expert witness for the plaintiffs ; another has received fees from the lawyers .
Pfizer disputes the report 's conclusions , saying the company never " attempted to mislead the medical community about the effectiveness " of the drug for certain uses .
" We believe the review suffers from significant bias , insufficient data , poor methodology , and cannot pass the threshold of credible scientific research , " Pfizer said in a statement .
The report , by researchers at the University of California at San Francisco and the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health , comes two months after Pfizer was fined a record $ 2.3 billion - including an unprecedented $ 1.2 billion criminal fine - for illegally marketing other blockbuster drugs .
The report appears in Thursday 's New England Journal of Medicine .
Dr. Sidney Wolfe , head of health research at consumer group Public Citizen , called it the first comprehensive look " at studies in which a company and people working for it so maliciously manipulated the data to make a drug look more effective than it actually was . "
" In every instance , the published article made the drug look better than it would have , " said Wolfe , a member of the Food and Drug Administration 's drug safety advisory committee .
" This results in harm . "
Neurontin was approved by the FDA a decade ago for treating seizures and later for pain caused by shingles - but not for other conditions .
Its potential side effects include suicidal tendencies and depression .
While doctors can prescribe drugs for unapproved , or off - label uses , drug companies are legally barred from promoting their products for such uses .
Drugmakers often test drugs for additional conditions and publicize the results .
But they do n't always seek approval for those new uses , particularly if the new findings are n't convincing .
Experts believe most Neurontin sales were for off - label uses - the ones in the reviewed studies .
Sales peaked at $ 2.7 billion in 2004 , when Pfizer paid $ 430 million in government fines to settle allegations it improperly marketed the epilepsy drug for unapproved uses .
By last year , Neurontin sales fell to $ 387 million due to cheaper generic versions sold as gabapentin .
For the new review , the researchers examined 20 patient studies funded by New York - based Pfizer and its Parke - Davis unit on use of Neurontin for preventing migraines or treating nerve pain or bipolar disorder .
The studies were published in medical journals or presented at conferences , mostly over the last decade .
In eight of the 12 published studies , the main outcome listed in internal documents differs from the one later given in the published report .
In half the cases , a new primary outcome was substituted and in others , the original main outcome was instead reported as a secondary measure or was n't disclosed at all .
The authors cited some limitations to their review , including not knowing who made the changes .
" We can not be certain that selective reporting was a decision made by employees of Pfizer and Parke - Davis , since the authors of the published reports included nonemployees , " the researchers wrote .
Arthur Caplan , director of the University of Pennsylvania 's Center for Bioethics , called the report " one of the most ethically disturbing papers I 've read in some time " and " an indication that people have been playing fast and loose with studies , " particularly industry ones .
Caplan said the FDA should have the power to audit industry drug studies .
Wolfe said there should be bigger fines and jail terms for manipulating study data , plus tougher rules for studies being published in journals .
Medical journals in recent years have required that studies be listed on a federal Web site , www.clinicaltrials.gov , to be eligible for publication .
That move was made partly to make it harder for industry to hide studies on products that do n't pan out and only publish those with good results .
The study descriptions also list their primary and secondary outcomes .
Pfizer said it now has 1,245 company - sponsored studies listed on the Web site .
On the Net : www.nejm.org
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Explore further FDA sees no safety issues with Pfizer HIV drug
The FCC has homework to finish – a National Broadband Plan due to the Congress in February – and to help get it written , it is starting a blog , cutely named Blogband .
And it 's launching a Twitter feed FCCdotGov .
I can't wait for the late nights and the pressure to show up on the Twitter feed :
" @AT&T - The more we look at the data , the more we are convinced your logo is the Death Star "
" @Comcast - You are suing us re : P2P filtering and then want us to listen to you .
Sure we will . "
" @Public Knowledge - Yes , we will make sure to invite you to the next meeting .
Again . "
" @TWC - Bring back the download caps .
Best argument ever for public owned fiber "
As for the blog , the new FCC chair Julius Genachowski says it 's intended to keep the public apprised and to get feedback .
And we 're pleasantly surprised by the first real post , written by Blair Levin – the man in charge of writing the broadband plan , who wrote a post complaining about how hard it is to get food when you are working late at night on an NBP .
So maybe there was some kind of karmic reward in two fortune cookies that staff cracked open at the end of our team ’s break for Chinese one night .
John Horrigan , a data guy we stole from the Pew Internet Project , pulled out a fortune that read " Statistics are no substitute for judgment . "
Steve Rosenberg , a former McKinsey analyst who is helping on modeling and mapping , opened one that said " No problem can stand the assault of sustained thinking . "
Both fortunes — unusual topics in my many years of opening such cookies – bode well , I think , for the National Broadband Plan .
Epicenter wishes them luck .
They will need it .
See Also :
via blogband – Broadband .
GOV blog .
Palestinian leaders say they will ask the United Nations to endorse an independent state without Israel 's consent because of their frustration at the stalled peace process .
Palestinian leaders say they want formal recognition of an independent state based on the pre-1967 borders with Israel , which would give them Gaza , the West Bank , and east Jerusalem as their capital .
But the move appears to be largely symbolic , as a similar declaration was made in 1988 and won the support of dozens of countries but was never implemented on the ground .
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat has expressed frustration over the peace process with Israel , which has been stalled for a year .
" We want them to recognise the two - state solution , and instead of Palestine and instead of Israel , on the ' 67 border , " he said .
" Because what the Israelis are doing , they 're trying to undermine and pre-judge and pre-empt demands that are supposed to be used for the creation of the Palestinian state . "
Israel has attacked the move , saying it will achieve nothing , and has warned it might annex parts of the West Bank that house Jewish settlements if the Palestinians act unilaterally .
The United States would also likely veto any such motion at the UN Security Council .
Speaking through an interpreter , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned the Palestinians against going to the Security Council .
" There 's no substitute to negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority , and any unilateral path will only unravel the framework of agreements between us , and will only bring unilateral steps from Israel 's side , " he said .
He had one regret in his life which was being too late to save a young Nepalese girl from prostitution .
So he and his brothers decided to make a career out of fighting trafficking , AIDS and female foeticide .
Against the apathy of social service agencies and the authorities , the three men went against the tide of conventions to rescue girls from their abductors , teach prostitutes about AIDS prevention and villagers about con-men in the trafficking trade .
This is as close to fast - food week as we ’re ever going to get here at languageandgrammar.com .
Not only did I recently talk about the Chick - Fil - A Bowl , but now I ’m talking about a topic that ’s been featured in a recent McDonald ’s commercial :
Is it stomach pangs or stomach pains when you ’re hungry ?
This falls into the close - but - no - cigarette category ( humorously close to being correct ) if you ask me .
The correct term , of course , is stomach pangs , not stomach pains , but the mistaken usage is understandable .
A pang is either an emotional longing or a sharp , physical pain .
Someone with an empty stomach can , apparently , feel physical pain , though , so if you ’re one of those people , then perhaps you can substitute the word pains for pangs .
For the rest of us , though , stick with stomach pangs when you ’re merely expressing that you ’re hungry .
– Paul
Paul ’s book –Literally , the Best Language Book Ever
Sherry ’s Grammar List
Do you want to live a happy life ?
I ’ve written before about being happy , but here I want to take a different angle and look at one important cause of unhappiness : loving stuff .
Many people try to fill the void within them by buying more and more things they do n’t need .
When new gadgets come out , they buy them .
When their friend has a new car , they want it too .
But why does it happen ?
Why do people love stuff ?
The reason is that they believe it will make them happy .
They believe the more stuff they have , the happier they will be .
Is that true ?
The answer is no .
Perhaps they think they are happy , but they can actually be much happier if they do it differently .
This is n’t just my opinion ; scientific research supports it .
I will discuss it more thoroughly below , but first let ’s see some disadvantages of loving stuff :
It makes your life cluttered .
Each thing you have consumes not only your physical space but also your mental space .
Acquiring one more thing means having one more thing to worry about .
It creates wasteful spending .
Buying stuff you do n’t need means spending your money unnecessarily .
Would n’t it be better if you spend it on something that ’s truly useful and meaningful ?
It promotes materialistic point of view .
The more you love stuff , the more you send the wrong message to the world .
The message you ’re sending is that stuff can give you happiness .
As a result , more and more people around you will fall into it .
It is n’t a good way to make you happy .
There are better ways for that .
More about it below .
So what should we do ?
Here are some tips on how not to love stuff :
1. Realize the negative side of stuff
When you realize the negative side of stuff ( as discussed above ) , you will think twice before introducing more clutter into your life .
2. Realize that experiences – not stuff – contribute more to happiness
Instead of buying stuff , use your money to buy experiences .
Research shows that experiences contribute more to happiness :
Another theme that has emerged in similar research is that money spent on experiences – vacations or theater tickets or meals out – makes you happier than money spent on material goods …
“ We generally found very consistent evidence that experiences made people happier than material possessions they had invested in , ” says Van Boven .
3. Avoid impulse buying
Impulse buying is one of the main causes of acquiring too much stuff .
This is something I learn firsthand .
Since I love reading , I used to buy a lot of books .
And guess what ?
Many of them end up unread .
Realizing this , in recent years I become more careful when it comes to buying books .
I only buy books that I ’m sure I will read .
The way I avoid impulse buying is by first putting the item I want to buy into a wish list .
I then wait for at least one month and see if I still want to buy it .
In many cases , an item could stay in my wish list for months before I buy it .
4. Think ROI
ROI ( return on investment ) is a useful concept to help you minimize the number of stuff in your life .
When you buy something , think of it as an investment .
The question is : can you get good return on your investment ?
The return here is n’t financial .
It ’s the overall value you get from the stuff .
Will it make your life considerably better ?
Will it give you long - term happiness ?
Invest your money only on things that give you good ROI .
5. Give
Giving is the ultimate way to both avoid loving stuff and make you happier .
Research clearly shows the power of giving :
First , they surveyed 632 Americans on their general happiness , along with what they spent their money on , and found that higher “ prosocial spending ” – gifts for others and donations to charity – was indeed correlated with higher self - reported happiness .
They followed this up with a more detailed look at 16 workers before and after they received a profit - sharing bonus from their company .
They found that the only factor that reliably predicted which workers would be happy six to eight weeks after the bonus was their prosocial spending – the more money people spent on charity and gifts for others , the happier they were .
The conclusion of the research is clear :
Money makes you most happy if you do n’t spend it on yourself .
Why Borderlands Is n't on Next - Gen and How You Can Change That - PAX South 2015
" Larry King Live " has live coverage of John Allen Muhammad 's execution .
Jarratt , Virginia ( CNN ) -- Washington - area sniper John Allen Muhammad was executed Tuesday by lethal injection , a Virginia prisons spokesman said .
The mastermind behind the Washington - area sniper attacks of 2002 that terrorized the nation 's capital was declared dead at 9:11 p.m. ET , said Larry Traylor , director of communications for the Virginia Department of Corrections .
" There were no complications ; Mr. Mohammad was asked if he wished to make a last statement , " Traylor told reporters outside the the Greenville Correctional Center .
" He did not acknowledge this or make a last statement whatsoever . "
In fact , Mohammad , 48 , said nothing from the time he entered the death chamber accompanied by guards at 8:58 p.m. , Traylor said .
" After he was placed on the gurney and strapped down , he was very emotionless , " Traylor said .
A curtain was drawn and a volunteer team of executioners inserted two catheters -- one in each arm -- through which the drugs that caused his death were to flow , Traylor said .
At 9:06 p.m. , when the curtain was drawn back , " They asked him right after that , ' Mr. Muhammad , do you have any last words ? ' " recalled Jon Burkett , a reporter for WTVR who witnessed the execution from the second row of the gallery .
" He did n't say anything .
At 9:07 you could see him twitch a lot .
You could see him blinking a lot .
You could see his breathing increase . "
After about seven deep breaths , at 9:08 p.m. , he lay motionless , Burkett said .
Three minutes later , a physician working for the Department of Corrections pronounced him dead .
In a statement read on behalf of the lawyers for and family of Muhammad , defense lawyer Jon Sheldon said , " We deeply sympathize with the families and loved ones who have to relive the pain and loss of those terrible days ; our sympathies also extend to the children of John Muhammad who , with humility and self - consciousness , today lost a father and a member of their family .
" To all those families and the countless citizens across the country who bore witness and continue to do so to those tragic events , we renew our condolences and we offer our prayers for a better future . "
Among the witnesses were about a dozen members of the prosecution task force .
" He died very peacefully , much more than most of his victims , " said Paul Ebert , the Virginia prosecutor who won the death penalty conviction .
" I felt a sense of closure , and I hope that they did , too . "
Bob Meyers , whose 53 - year - old brother Dean was shot dead while pumping gas in Virginia , called Tuesday 's spectacle " surreal . "
" Watching the life be sapped out of somebody intentionally was very different and an experience I 'd never had , " he told CNN's " Larry King Live . "
" I 'd watched my mother die of natural causes , but that was very different . "
He said he may have attained some closure , " but I would say that pretty much was overcome just by the sadness that the whole situation generates in my heart .
That he would get to the place where he did what he did , and that it had to come to this . "
Meyers said he has forgiven Muhammad for two reasons : " One is that God calls for me to do that in the Bible , and the second thing is related to that .
If I do n't , it rots me from the inside out .
It does n't really hurt John Muhammad or anybody that I have bitterness against . "
The execution came hours after Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine denied a last - minute clemency request Tuesday for Muhammad .
Kaine 's announcement came a day after the Supreme Court declined to intervene in the case .
During three weeks in October 2002 , Muhammad and accomplice Lee Boyd Malvo , then 17 , killed 10 people and wounded three , while taunting police with written messages and phoned - in threats and demands .
During two trials and in years of appeals , Muhammad had professed his innocence .
One of his trials included testimony from Malvo , whose youth excluded him from consideration for the death penalty
Muhammad 's attorney had argued his client was not given sufficient time to file his final appeal , but said Tuesday -- after the high court and the governor declined his request for a stay -- that he would make no further efforts to delay the matter .
In a written statement issued earlier Tuesday , lawyer Sheldon accused Virginia of racing to " execute a severely mentally ill man who also suffered from Gulf War Syndrome the day before Veterans Day . "
Muhammad met Tuesday with J. Wyndal Gordon , his former stand - by attorney in his Maryland trial , in which he represented himself .
" His attitude was strong , it was sturdy , " Gordon told reporters .
" Mr. Mohammad maintains his innocence in this case , and he always has .
He is not remorseful , although he does extend his condolences to the families .
What these families went through is tragic in every level .
Given the injustices in this case , what Mr. Mohammad went through is equally as tragic . "
Gordon said he does not consider Mohammad to be insane .
" However , " he added , " I am not a psychiatrist or a psychologist . "
The lawyer said Muhammad 's last meal was " chicken and red sauce , and he had some cakes . "
Muhammad , who opted not to select a spiritual adviser , met during the afternoon with his immediate family and lawyers , said Traylor .
Muhammad leaves four children and two ex-wives , both of whom appeared Monday on CNN's " Larry King Live . "
Muhammad 's first wife , Carol Williams , showed a letter in which he asked her to visit him on his execution day .
" Carol , I miss my family for the past eight years , " he wrote , referring to the time he has been incarcerated .
" I do n't want to be missed the day that these devils murder my innocent black ass . "
Asked about his father , Lindbergh Williams said his feelings about the death penalty had not softened with the approach of the execution .
" If you commit a crime , you can pay the time , " he said .
Asked whether he believes his father regrets what he did , the younger Williams said , " Yes , I really do . "
Mildred Muhammad , the sniper 's second ex-wife and the mother of three of his children , told CNN on Monday that she last saw him in 2001 at a custody hearing and had not sought to visit him in prison .
" I had emotionally detached from John when I asked him for a divorce , " she told CNN .
" And my emotions were severed when he said that you have become my enemy and as my enemy , I will kill you . "
She has asserted that she was her ex-husband 's target , and she blamed the first Gulf War for changing his personality .
" He went from someone who was always happy , that knew what direction he was going in , and was focused , to a person that was totally confused , depressed all the time , and did n't know how to do or get to where he wanted to be . "
She said he never received counseling after his return to the United States .
But lawyer Gordon disputed her account , saying that Muhammad " was absolutely not affected by his time in the Gulf War .
We did discuss that . "
CNN Supreme Court producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .
[ Photo : Marc Atkins / IPS @ Daily Mail ]
Millwall have promised to punish the brainless idiot who taunted Leeds United fans by wearing a Galatasaray shirt and making stabbing motions ( he was n’t the only one ) on Saturday during their League One encounter at the New Den ( the Lions won 2 - 1 ) .
The incident was an obvious – and disgusting – reference to the tragic death of two Leeds fans who were stabbed to death before their side ’s UEFA Cup semi-final against the Turks in 2000 .
Millwall chief executive Andy Ambler told the Sun : “ Another fan was ejected and arrested for waving a Turkish flag …
We did n’t see the man wearing the Galatasaray shirt , but we will try to identify him from CCTV and photographs and if we do , he will be banned . ”
Primary schools are no utopia of skipping rope and gender blind comradery .
Instead , girls are already learning to worry about their looks – and boys are learning male privilege , reports teacher Kate Townshend
I am in the classroom tidying up with a pupil named Ellen .
One of the advantages ( and difficulties ) of being a relatively young teacher is that sometimes children will talk to you in an unguarded way .
You get to hear what they really think about things , which is usually fascinating and frightening in equal measure .
Today is no exception to that particular rule .
Ellen is telling me that she is giving up chocolate for Lent .
When I commend her self control and ask if her family are religious she looks at me with amusement and tells me that really , she just wants to lose a bit of weight .
Sensing my perplexity she elaborates on the statement with disarming , resigned honesty .
“ I would be more popular if I were thinner , ” she sighs .
Ellen is 10 years old .
During my experiences on the supply circuit I have been into a vast number of primary schools .
And I have come to believe that there is a major and universal problem with the self - image of the little girls that populate them .
We concoct this vision of utopian childhood at the cost of neglecting the facts ; girls are already learning to hate themselves and their bodies before they even make it to double figures
Most of us want to believe that our primary schools remain havens of childhood innocence ; skipping ropes , clapping games and a sense of gender blind comradery ( or at least immature antipathy between the sexes amounting to nothing more sinister than the “ boys are icky ” argument ) .
As recent media coverage has highlighted , we concoct this vision of utopian childhood at the cost of neglecting the facts ; sexual bullying is rife in schools at primary level as well as secondary , and so perhaps it is unsurprising that girls are already learning to hate themselves and their bodies before they even make it to double figures .
Of course , pressures and mixed messages bombard young girls from all angles .
The survey ‘ Under Ten and Under Pressure ? ’ jointly conducted by Girlguiding UK and The Mental Health foundation last year , found worries linked to self image ranging from the predictable weight and appearance anxieties to fear of judgment for simply not having a cool enough phone or the latest iPod .
But children are not born with some kind of innate desire for such things .
Babies wail for food and attention , not the latest iPhone .
Yet these insidious influences constantly assail pre-teens … make - up , heels , thongs even have become badges of honour and maturity – we ’re selling sex to children barely old enough to grasp the concept .
Soft core pornography has crept into the classroom in the guise of Playboy branded stationery and in every direction you look teen magazines , TV shows and music are teaching girls that to be young is simply not enough .
You have to be beautiful if you want to be loved .
They do n’t call it grooming for nothing , and it starts with the indoctrination of ‘ pink ’ for girls from infant - hood onwards .
Or so say the organisers of Pink Stinks , “ a campaign and social enterprise that challenges the ‘ culture of pink ’ which invades every aspect of girls ’ lives ” .
They argue that by the time they reach their teens , female children have a life - time of learning to become sexual objects behind them , so perhaps we should be far from surprised when 10 - year - olds start clamouring for the latest porn star t- shirt , or worrying that their legs are too short , their tummies are too big or their breasts are the wrong shape .
Sexism is still a dirty word in education
These kinds of attitudes hurt children of both sexes , not least because they leave them bereft of positive examples of male - female interaction in the media world they tend to worship and adore .
But though they lack the words to articulate it , it seems obvious in some of the schools I go into that the boys know things are weighted in their favour , at least in the short term .
By 11 , they have already learnt that calling a girl fat effectively finishes the argument .
It does n’t matter whether she is actually fat or not .
It has become a code word which makes it clear that since female self worth is built upon looks , it is easily destroyed by male indifference or antagonism .
Part of the problem is that , in the past , those most directly able to affect change , the policy makers , have rather tiptoed around the idea of gender .
It ’s just about OK now to talk about sexual bullying , as long as the idea of actual sexism perpetrated by primarily male children against primarily female children remains invisible .
Even the Panorama programme on the subject was given the gender neutral title Kids Behaving Badly .
Equally , it might be acceptable to discuss the unique pressures faced by modern children , but to examine the different effects of these on boys and girls is still seen as somehow divisive and taboo .
It would appear that sexism is still a dirty word in education , even though sex itself clearly is not .
But for children like Ellen , that simply is n’t good enough .
Why should she already be consumed by worries about the way she looks rather than the kind of person she is ?
Why should she ever ?
Hopefully though , the tide is turning .
The recent round of shocking and depressing conversations regarding state of play in our schools might just signal some kind of real catalyst for change and action .
In the meantime though , teachers and parents have a role to play in stemming the tide and providing school aged children with more positive ideas and models about their own potential .
So when the boys in one of the classes I am teaching declare that “ girls ca n’t play football ” we arrange a mixed - team match .
And as I watch Ellen and her friends giggling after the ball I hope that how they look is the last thing on their minds .
Photo by darkmatter , shared on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Kate Townshend is a writer and school teacher who tries very hard to teach values of equality alongside the rest of the curriculum
A sniper ended a Taliban attack in an Afghan village with a single shot , it was revealed today .
The soldier , who can only be known as Corporal Danny for security reasons , shot at the feet of an unarmed man who was apparently directing gunfire at his unit , an Army spokesman said .
Armed with a .338 rifle , Cpl Danny , from 4th Battalion , The Rifles , serving with the 3 Rifles Battle Group , was watching over his patrol in the village of Sadul Kariz , which lies to the north east of Sangin , northern Helmand .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The men stopped to drink tea at a mosque when Danny saw movement in a compound which had previously been used as an insurgent firing point .
The sniper warned his patrol over the radio but as the men moved away there was a burst of gunfire , the Army spokesman said .
Cpl Danny could not see exactly where the shots were coming from but he saw a man nearby the compound pointing towards the patrol .
Uncertain that the man was indeed part of the attack , Cpl Danny took a split second decision and fired a single shot into the ground five metres in front of him .
At this point , the man ran away and the firing stopped .
He said : " I knew I had to fire to stop someone in the patrol being killed .
" He was very lucky I did n't go straight to lethal . "
Patrol commander , Lieutenant Charlie Winstanley , 24 , from Winchester , said : " We 'll go back for the gunman another time . "
Lieutenant Colonel David Wakefield , spokesman for Task Force Helmand , said : " This is a really good example of what we mean by ' courageous restraint ' in the way we conduct counter - insurgency operations .
" A young soldier making a split - second decision but understanding that in counter - insurgency we kill only when we have to , not because we can . "
The incident happened in late October .
We admit it .
Spiders have become an obsession at Wired Science .
It started in September when we reported on a spider - milking machine that was built to extract silk from a million golden orb - weavers , two dozen at a time , to make a 44 - square foot cloth .
After that , we were hooked , and we ’ve found ourselves writing about an inordinate number of arachnids , and googling plenty more .
But , really , who could blame us ?
We wanted to share the fruits of this spider frenzy with you , so we ’ve created a Hall of Fame for our eight - legged friends .
Who ’s the biggest , meanest or most stuck - up spider around ?
Read on to find out , but be forewarned : Some of these photos are guaranteed to give you the heebie - jeebies .
Largest Spider
The award for the most astronomically sized arachnid goes to the Goliath Bird- eating Tarantula ( Theraphosa blondi ) , who lives in the rain forests of northern South America and grows up to a whopping 12 inches across , including legs .
Females can live up to 25 years and can weigh nearly a half a pound .
Although this giant is called the Bird- eater , named by Victorian explorers who witnessed the spider devouring a hummingbird , the tarantula does n’t have particular preference for birds .
Like other spiders , the Goliath ’s favorite foods are small insects such as crickets and beetles .
However , he ’s also an opportunistic eater :
When faced with a delectable reptile , bird or small mammal , what ’s a hungry spider to do ?
Apparently , the Goliath will gobble up just about anything that ’s smaller than itself .
Image : Flickr/snakecollector
Smallest Spider
Among arachnophiles , there ’s a bit of controversy over who should win the award for the world ’s smallest spider .
Some sources say the prize should go to the male Patu digua of Colombia , whose tiny body grows to just 0.015 inches and could easily fit on the head of a pin .
But there may be even smaller spiders out there :
The female Anapistula caecula of West Africa measures just three one - hundredths of an inch larger than the male Patu , but her male counterpart has never been spotted .
Presumably , because male spiders are nearly always smaller than females of the same species , the true winner of our award should be the yet - undiscovered male Anapistula .
Unfortunately , these micro-spiders are so tiny that no one seems to have taken decent photographs of them .
The little guy pictured above , called an Assassin spider , is slightly bigger than the Patu or the Anapistula , but at less than an eighth of an inch , he still ranks as one of the tiniest arachnids around .
And with his impressive jaws and oddly elongated neck used to catch prey from a distance , we think he 'll do just fine to represent his ilk in our Hall of Fame .
Image : Jeremy Miller / California Academy of Sciences
Deadliest Spider
Of all the eight - legged critters you do n’t want to run into , the Brazilian wandering spider ( Phoneutria nigriventer ) might be the most deadly .
Dubbed the " Most Venomous Spider " in the 2007 Guinness Book of World Records , this formidable arachnid is thought to be responsible for more human deaths than any other spider .
Found in warm , damp regions of Brazil , northern Argentina and Uruguay , the wandering spider carries a potent neurotoxin that causes loss of muscle control , breathing problems and severe pain .
In addition , Phoneutria venom has a peculiar effect on its male victims , causing painful erections that can last for several hours and lead to impotence .
In fact , scientists have recently started studying potential uses of the venom , called Tx2 - 6 , for erectile dysfunction .
Image 1 : João P. Burini / Wikimedia Commons .
Note :
The arm in this picture belongs to biologist and photographer João Burini , who is obviously a very brave guy .
From his Flickr account , it appears that he handles Brazilian wandering spiders on a regular basis , but he highly advises others not to do so .** Image 2 : The wandering spider doing its threat dance , also courtesy of J. Burini .
Cutest Spider
With her big beady eyes and shimmery turquoise fangs , this juvenile jumping spider ( Phidippus audax ) takes the award for cutest arachnid in our Hall of Fame .
Based on the bright yellow pollen dusting her furry coat , it also looks like she may have had a recent run-in with a wildflower .
More than 5,000 species of jumping spiders , or Salticidae , have been identified around the world , and they can be easily distinguished from other types of spiders by the four big eyes on the front of their face and the four smaller eyes on top of their head .
These impressive acrobats get their name from the fact they can jump more than 50 times their body length .
Although not quite as cute as the baby pictured above , the adult female jumping spider ( Phidippus mystaceus ) below earned an honorable mention in the cuteness category .
Her fuzzy grey coat , spiky black hair and clearly dismayed expression give her an awfully appealing air .
Images : Used with permission from photographer Thomas Shahan
Nicest Spider
Not all spiders are vicious carnivores and cold - blooded cannibals .
Earlier this year , scientists confirmed that the Bagheera kiplingi spider from South America eats an almost exclusively vegetarian diet .
Named after the black panther from Rudyard Kipling 's The Jungle Book , this variety of jumping spider feeds on a special fruit of the Acacia tree , called a Beltian body , which evolved to fight off ants .
In other words , instead of eating insects like most spiders do , the B. kiplingi cooperates with them .
And several of these arachnids often inhabit the same tree , suggesting they may be one of the few spiders with a social life .
Males of the species also appear to help care for their eggs and offspring , an equality among the sexes that ’s totally unheard of in the arachnid world — especially because in many spider species , mom bites off dad ’s head immediately after copulation .
Given all these kind and gentle characteristics , we decided this guy deserved the title of nicest spider .
Image : Adult female Bagheera kiplingi eats Beltian body harvested from ant - acacia .
© 2007 , Robert L. Curry
Sneakiest Spider
It ’s an ant !
Or a spider !
Or a spider - ant !
This clever trickster wins our award for most deceitful spider , but he ’s not alone in his mendacity :
More than 100 different species of arachnids pretend to look like ants , usually to escape predation by other spiders or to stalk prey more effectively .
Some spiders do a better imitation job than others .
For example , the dark - footed ant spider pictured below ( Myrmarachne melanotarsa ) not only looks exactly like an ant but also acts like one .
Although most arachnids prefer solitude , these guys hang out in large silk complexes with ten to 50 other spiders and prefer to travel in groups when leaving the nest .
Recent research shows that this social behavior improves their disguise : Predators might be willing to attack a single ant spider , but fearing the wrath of an angry ant colony , they wo n’t go after a large group .
Images : 1 ) Flickr / sharkbubbled .
2 ) L. Shyamal / Wikimedia Commons .
Weirdest Spider
No Wired Science Hall of Fame would be complete without a “ weirdest ” category , and this spiny - backed orb - weaver ( Gasteracantha cancriformis ) clearly merits his prize .
Found throughout the southern United States and in parts of South America , the odd- looking arachnid can be easily identified by its peculiar oblong shape and distinctive black markings .
Female spiny - backed orb - weavers have bodies up to a half - inch wide , while males grow to only about a fifth of that size .
This particular species has a white body with black markings , which we think looks like it is smiling at us .
Other types of spiny - backed orb - weavers outside of the United States come in a variety of bright colors , like the orange one seen below .
Images : 1 ) Flickr / Clicksy .
2 ) A spiny - backed spider eating an ichneumon wasp , larvalbug.com .
Snobbiest Spider
Winner of the show - off category , the male peacock spider ( Maratus volans ) uses its brightly colored stripes to impress and attract special lady friends .
During a mating display , the male raises its colorful abdomen and waves it like a peacock displaying its feathers .
The spider also picks up his third pair of legs and vibrates them slightly , dancing from side to side in what looks a bit like the arachnid Macarena .
Despite its larger - than - life display , the peacock spider is actually quite tiny , with a body only about 0.2 inches in diameter .
A variety of jumping spider , these ostentatious arachnids are found only in certain parts of Australia .
Image : Flickr / myrmician
Cuddliest Spider
We 've covered giant spiders , deadly spiders and even stuck - up spiders .
But what if you want to keep a spider as a pet ?
According to various spider - care experts , one of the best eight - legged friends for a new arachnid enthusiast is the Chilean Rose Spider ( Grammostola rosea ) , a medium - sized tarantula that 's " attractive , hardy and comparatively easy to care for , " according to tarantulas.com .
Inexpensive and readily available at a pet store , these little guys are also relatively docile and do n't usually bite unless they feel threatened .
On occasion , however , these tarantulas can spell trouble .
Some individuals stay put in their cage , even earning the nickname of " pet rock " spiders , but others have a tendency to repeatedly escape and wander off .
But beware : Unsuspecting first - time owners may unknowingly buy a mature male instead of a young female .
While the girls can live 10 to 15 years , boy spiders live only a few months after maturity , and do n't make a good investment .
Image 1 : Flickr / Furryscaly .
Image 2 : Viki / Wikipedia Commons .
Busiest Spider
Golden orb - weaver spiders ( genus Nephila ) are clearly the over - achievers of the spider world .
Not only do they spin huge , intricate webs of golden silk , many species also take down and rebuild their webs on a near - daily basis .
Because their silk loses stickiness as it ages , constant nest repairs are necessary to keep the web in tip - top shape for bug catching .
Orb -weavers build webs up to 3 feet wide , usually in a wheel shape with spokes radiating out from a hub near the top of the circle .
Their silk is impressively strong — comparable to steel or Kevlar — but can also stretch more than twice its length , making it a particularly deadly trap for the unsuspecting bug .
Scientists think the silk 's shimmering yellow color serves two purposes :
In the sunlight , it glimmers golden to attract bees , and in the shade , it appears a dull yellow and helps to camouflage the nest from predators .
Because golden - orb weavers build such appealing homes , their webs are often targeted by squatters : Smaller spiders , like the dewdrop spider ( Argyrodes antipodianus ) pictured below , creep onto the margins of the orb - weaver 's web and build tiny adjacent homes , enjoying protection and free food at the expense of the bigger spider .
Perhaps the dewdrop spider deserves its own award , as the least busy arachnid of the bunch .
Image 1 : Flickr / rusty one .
Image 2 : Quarti / Wikipedia Commons .
See Also :
Paedophile fears are ' driving male teachers from primary schools '
More than a quarter of state primary schools have no male teachers , partly because they have been deterred from working with young children for fear of being labelled paedophiles , an expert claims .
The result is that thousands of boys are being taught solely by women and have no educational male role models .
The trend is fuelling concerns that a generation of boys is growing up without an authoritative male figure in their lives .
Endangered species : Just 25 per cent of registered working teachers in the UK are men
Teaching remains a predominantly female profession , data published today by the General Teaching Council of England confirms .
Only 123,827 , or 25 per cent , of the 490,981 registered working teachers are men , with the majority in secondary schools and further education .
Male teachers make up just 13 per cent of state primary teachers ( 25,491 ) and three per cent of state nursery school staff ( 43 ) .
Of 16,892 state primary schools in England , 4,550 have no male teachers - around 27 per cent .
Professor Alan Smithers , director of the Centre for Education and Employment Research at Buckingham University , said the figures were concerning .
' It 's a sad comment on society that more men are n't attracted into teaching in primary schools .
In part , this is due to concerns in society about paedophilia .
Men are receiving the signal that it 's more appropriate for them to teach in secondary schools than primary schools . '
The ' feminisation ' of the curriculum , which includes an emphasis on coursework rather than ' sudden death ' exams , is already believed to be responsible for a widening gender gap at secondary level .
Professor Smithers said : ' There 's a danger that boys could grow up thinking that education is sissy .
' When it comes to reading , they might be offered what appeals to the female teachers whereas male teachers often have different interests in reading .
' Similarly , in interpreting what 's been read , there are distinct male and female points of view .
Both these views need to be offered to boys . '
GTC chief executive Keith Bartley said : ' We should focus on attracting the best recruits to teaching , regardless of gender .
' If men do not believe that teaching is a worthwhile career option for them , or worse still , if their interest in teaching is viewed with suspicion , then children potentially miss out on a huge pool of talent . '
Only two men under the age of 25 work in state - run nurseries in England , according to the GTC register .
One of them , 22 - year - old Jamie Wilson , from Merseyside , insists that children need to be taught by male and female teachers .
He said : ' I am firmly of the belief that gender should not be an issue when it comes to early years and primary teachers .
Why should it matter ?
' However , I have found that it has been an issue in my own experience .
Even within my first week I encountered anxiety from a parent who was reluctant to leave their three - year - old in my care because I am a male in a female - dominated environment . '
● Schools are facing a leadership crisis , with one in four primaries struggling to find a head teacher .
Thousands of positions are empty despite the recession due to higher workloads and rising numbers of early retirements .
About 3,000 schools advertised for a head teacher between September 2008 and May 2009 , according to Education Data Surveys .
Some 26 per cent of primary , 19 per cent of secondary and 27 per cent of special school head teacher vacancies were still unfilled after the posts were advertised for the first time .
Primary schools received an average of just five applications .
Questions abound in the Bibliotheca Alexandrina on the second day of a conference on Darwin 's legacy .
Where can I get a coffee ?
Is this seat taken ?
Is religion compatible with evolutionary theory ?
Delegates search for answers .
Jason Wiles , a former creationist , chaired a discussion featuring Salman Hameed , Joshua Rosenau and Saouma Boujaoude .
The focus was Islam .
Each time the Americans said Qur'anic , it sounded like they were saying chronic .
They showed to what extent evolution was accepted among students and teachers in Muslim - majority countries .
Not much .
But then the US was no better , observed Rosenau .
It languished in the bottom five of industrialised countries accepting evolution .
The others were Turkey , Cyprus , Latvia and Lithuania .
Wiles said he and colleagues at the Evolution Education Research Centre ( EERC ) were studying attitudes towards evolution in countries such as Egypt , Lebanon , Indonesia and Pakistan .
In Indonesia there was open resistance , said Wiles .
The leader of one student body objected to EERC 's very presence on campus .
" Do n't give the survey here !
How can you believe we are from apes ? " he cried .
The students rallied behind him .
Most of the Indonesian teachers surveyed used the works of Harun Yahya in science classes .
In Egypt and Lebanon , said Boujaoude , Muslim and Christian students were influenced by their religious beliefs .
Around half of the Egyptian teachers surveyed opposed evolution and all Egyptian biology teachers opposed evolution .
Claims that science and Islam are compatible look shaky against such findings .
Boujaoude pointed out that objections were based on limited understanding on the nature of evidence and the nature of science .
The narrowness was hardly surprising given the lack of investment and activity in the scientific field , said Hameed , using Nature data as proof .
The scarcity of knowledge and resources was one of the reasons that Saudi Arabia needed outside help to deal with swine flu , he surmised .
But untangling the issue went deeper than what happened in the classroom , it was also about what teachers and governments accepted and understood about science .
" Muslims have been using fragments of science and fragments of religion to make them more compatible , " said Hameed as he pulled out quotes from a pair of Peshawari muftis , one who attacked the Met Office for providing moon sighting data and another who praised Islam 's scientific legacy .
There was some good news .
There was no clear doctrinal opposition to evolution and Muslims were looking to appropriate theologically palatable aspects of it .
The bad news was the absence of debate between scholars and scientists .
Anti-western feelings and the blurring of lines between evolution and secularism would make that harder .
" If it 's presented as a dichotomy , it 's going to be religion .
It depends on who is going to shape the narrative . "
Nidhal Guessoum intervened to say that Islamic creationism was a " fuzzy mosaic of ideas " and not the same as US creationism , which was peddled by Harun Yahya .
Islamic creationism used scripture , he said , it was all about Adam , Adam and clay .
There were more references to hadith and the Qur'an , which is what set it apart from the Christian - influenced movement .
The vacuum meant someone more mainstream could finish off
Yahya's work , someone who appeared more credible , to use the internet and solidify the message of Islamic creationism .
To people wondering why creationism was getting any kind of platform , Anglican priest Michael Roberts offers a reminder .
Creationism is totally untrue .
It exposes people of the book – many of whom , among them distinguished speakers at this conference , see no contradiction between evolutionary theory and their faith – to ridicule .
And if it gains traction with governments or other authorities , then the public practice of science and research will be hindered .
( NaturalNews ) Faced with a growing prevalence of antibiotic - resistant bacteria , hospitals in the United Kingdom are adopting traditional medicinal techniques to fight infection , such as maggots and honey .
Methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) and other drug - resistant infections kill or hasten the death of 8,000 British patients per year , while MRSA now kills more people in the United States annually than AIDS .
At the Royal United Hospital in Bath , England , many wounds are now being disinfected with Manuka honey rather than pharmaceutical antibiotics .
" Honey has been used in healing for centuries , but now new products have overcome the problems associated with using conventional honey and bring it into a modern healthcare setting , " said the hospital 's Kate Purser .
Honey is one of the oldest forms of medicine known , and was employed both as food and antibiotic by the ancient Egyptians and , more recently , by German doctors during World War I .
Its high sugar content means that the water in honey is almost chemically inert , making it unavailable for the growth of bacteria , fungi or viruses .
A naturally occurring enzyme known as glucose oxidase also makes honey acidic enough to create a hostile environment for most bacteria .
The honey used by Royal United Hospital is not the same as the honey found on supermarket shelves , however .
The honey is a variety known as Manuka honey , which is produced from the manuka plant , native to New Zealand .
This honey is then irradiated to kill any trace bacterial spores .
According to Manuka honey products company Honeymark , the honey has proven effective at killing MRSA in scientific trials .
While honey already contains a variety of chemicals that can be beneficial to the body -- such as the antioxidant pinocembrin , which only occurs in honey -- Honeymark claims that Manuka honey contains even more of these beneficial compounds , which are derived from the manuka flower .
" These medicinal compounds , in most cases , outperform many pharmaceuticals and traditional forms of medicine , " the company said in a press release .
Honeymark claims that Manuka honey can be use both topically and internally to treat conditions caused by bacteria , viruses or fungi , including infected wounds , acne , eczema , stomach ulcers or other gastrointestinal conditions , ringworm and upper respiratory infections .
No side effects have been reported , and in contrast to pharmaceutical antibiotics , bacteria appear unable to develop resistance to Manuka honey .
Manuka has a further benefit over pharmaceuticals , according to Honeymark .
" Antibiotics are indiscriminate killers .
When taken orally , antibiotics kill all bacteria , both good and bad , " the company said .
" For reasons that are currently unknown , Manuka Honey does not effect good bacteria in the body and only destroys harmful , infectious bacteria .
This is something that pharmaceuticals have not been able to accomplish .
" Dorothy Yeo of Bath said that honey dressings led to drastic improvement in her ulcer .
" I felt I was n't getting anywhere and the pain made it hard to sleep , " she said .
" But now I 'm able to sleep without tablets , and new skin is forming over my ulcer .
I 'm very pleased and I 'd recommend it to anyone .
" While honey can kill the bacteria that cause infection , sometimes other measures are required to remove the dead tissue left by infection or injury .
At Royal United Hospital , one such technique is the application of sterilized greenbottle fly larvae , more commonly known as maggots " We may use maggots when conventional dressings have not been successful or if a wound needs a more rapid form of treatment , " Purser said .
" There is something of the ' yuck ' factor , but once the maggots are applied some people may feel a tickling sensation while most do n't feel a thing .
" Maggots consume rotting flesh while ignoring healthy tissue , thereby both cleaning out and disinfecting necrotic wounds .
" Someone explained the maggots were bred for this purpose only and I felt reassured , " said Jack Foster of Keynsham , England .
" After one treatment , there has already been some improvement and my second starts tomorrow .
" Sources for this story include : www.dailymail.co.uk;
A Phoenix Personal Injury Law Firm That Puts People First
Honest Personal Injury lawyers for honest clients in Phoenix , Flagstaff , Tucson and across Arizona .
Plattner Verderame , P.C. is a law firm dedicated to seeking justice for personal injury victims .
For more than 25 years , we have championed the rights of people injured by the negligent actions of others .
Located in picturesque Phoenix , we serve clients across Arizona , as well as nationwide .
Insurance companies and judges know our reputation as honest lawyers .
When we speak for you , they listen .
( They do n’t always agree , but they listen ! )
And , when insurance companies do n’t agree , they know we are ready , willing and able to take a righteous case to trial .
So , we get excellent settlements in the overwhelming majority of our cases .
( Whether or not to settle for an offered amount is always our clients ’ decision .
We recommend - you decide . )
If you want to make a phony claim , do n’t call us .
If you want a lawyer who will pretend that a little case is a big case , do n’t call us .
If you want a Phoenix personal injury lawyer who will bully or cheat to try to get something you ’re not entitled to , do n’t call us .
But , if you want an attorney you can trust to fight for you , we ’re ready to answer your call .
At Plattner Verderame , P.C. , our experienced team has a wealth of knowledge and experience representing clients in many areas of personal injury .
Regardless of which attorney is the lead on your case , you ’ll have the full power of the firm behind you .
Our team works together , frequently meeting and conferring on our cases , so that every client benefits from our unique ideas and perspectives .
We fight for justice , providing honest reputation for honest injury claims .
Because we take cases on a contingency fee basis , our clients do not pay if we do n’t win .
We care about our clients and we believe winning righteous cases makes the world a better , safer place for everyone .
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut ( AP ) 
A federal judge has ordered Connecticut officials to promote 14 firefighters who won a reverse discrimination case decided by the U.S. Supreme Court .
U.S. District Judge Janet Bond Arterton ruled Tuesday that the civil rights of white New Haven firefighters were violated when city officials threw out the results of a 2003 promotion exam when too few minorities did well .
Her ruling followed the Supreme Court 's instructions .
In 2006 , Arterton had thrown out the white firefighters ' lawsuit .
A federal appeals court upheld her decision before the Supreme Court overturned both rulings in June .
City spokeswoman Jessica Mayorga said Tuesday that New Haven intends to promote the firefighters " as soon as practicable , " according to the New Haven Register .
Six firefighters are set to be promoted to captain and eight to lieutenant .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Dear valued T - Mobile Sidekick customers :
We are thankful for your continued patience as Microsoft / Danger continues to work on preserving platform stability and restoring all services for our Sidekick customers .
We have made significant progress this past weekend , restoring services to virtually every customer .
Microsoft / Danger has teams of experts in place who are working around - the - clock to ensure this stability is maintained .
Regarding those of you who have lost personal content , T - Mobile and Microsoft / Danger continue to do all we can to recover and return any lost information .
Recent efforts indicate the prospects of recovering some lost content may now be possible .
We will continue to keep you updated on this front ; we know how important this is to you .
In the event certain customers have experienced a significant and permanent loss of personal content , T - Mobile will be sending these customers a $ 100 customer appreciation card .
This will be in addition to the free month of data service that already went to Sidekick data customers .
This card can be used towards T - Mobile products and services , or a customer 's T - Mobile bill .
For those who fall into this category , details will be sent out in the next 14 days – there is no action needed on the part of these customers .
We however remain hopeful that for the majority of our customers , personal content can be recovered .
Sidekick customers can continue to visit T - Mobile Sidekick Forums ( http://www.t-mobile.com/sidekick) on a regular basis to access the latest updates , as well as FAQs regarding this service disruption .
The Forums also offers tips and suggestions for rebuilding content on your device .
TOKYO  President Obama , seeking to mend fences with Japan , America ’s most important Asian ally , announced Friday that he would establish a high - level working group on the contentious issue of the continuing presence of a Marine base on Okinawa .
The decision , announced at a news conference with Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama just hours after he touched down in Tokyo to begin his first presidential trip to Asia , appears to represent a concession by the Obama administration to at least consider Japan ’s concerns about the base , which is unpopular on Okinawa and which the new Japanese government had promised to try to move off the island .
Less than a month ago , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates seemed to shut the door on renegotiating a deal reached in 2006 to relocate the United States Marine air station in Futenma to a less populated part of Okinawa .
Mr. Obama was , in effect , making a political gift to Mr. Hatoyama : seeming to reopen a door Mr. Gates had shut , even though Japan policy experts indicated that the establishment of the working group was most likely only a face - saving way for the new prime minister to show the Japanese public that he was keeping a campaign promise .
The system can currently only see about three feet through a wall , and is so far only capable of sensing motion .
At this stage , it is not sophisticated enough to generate an actual image of what lies beyond the wall , but the research team is confident that this feature could be developed in time .
Jean Charles de Menezes was shot dead on a Tube train at Stockwell
Investigators say they are standing by their original decision not to recommend disciplining the officers who fatally shot Jean Charles de Menezes .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) reviewed its earlier findings after requests from the 27 - year - old Brazilian 's family .
The review followed the recording of an open verdict at last year 's inquest into the 2005 shooting in south London .
Police had mistaken the electrician for a suicide bomber .
Reacting to the decision , a spokeswoman for the Justice4Jean campaign said it made a " mockery of the inquest 's findings " .
She said : " Today 's decision by the IPCC ... gives a green light to police officers to act with impunity .
" The family are not surprised but crushed that the IPCC have ignored the narrative verdict the jury gave at Jean Charles ' inquest . "
' Family crushed '
An IPCC spokesman said : " In making this decision , the IPCC has carefully considered the family 's representations , the evidence identified by its own investigation and all subsequent legal proceedings . "
Mr de Menezes was shot on 22 June , 2005 at Stockwell Tube station by Scotland Yard firearms officers who mistook him for failed suicide bomber Hussain Osman .
Police had been hunting Osman for trying to bomb a Tube train the day before Mr de Menezes was shot .
It came two weeks after the suicide bomb attacks on London 's transport network on 7 July 2005 , which killed 52 people and injured hundreds .
The death of Mr de Menezes triggered a number of inquiries that scrutinised police tactics , supervision and individual decisions .
The jury at the three - month , multimillion - pound inquest , which ended in December , rejected the police account of the shooting and returned an open verdict .
Among those who have been considered for disciplinary action are the two marksmen who pulled the trigger and senior officers behind the operation .
They include Cressida Dick , now an assistant commissioner and Scotland Yard 's most senior woman officer .
The most obvious shortcomings highlighted at the inquest were the failure to correctly identify Mr de Menezes , ineffective communication and poor tactical decisions .
Officers who ran on to the Tube were also accused of falsely claiming to have yelled " armed police " .
The de Menezes family has tried to pursue perjury charges against those officers and have also campaigned for a permanent memorial at the station .
An agreement is expected later this year between the family and police over compensation .
Charlie Leibrandt pitched for the Royals before being traded to the Braves in December 1989 .
DOWN AND AWAY , GOT IT ?
DOWN AND AWAY , GOT IT ?
Kent Mercker pitched six full seasons for the Braves , between 1990 and 1995 .
He was a both a reliever and , in his last two seasons in Atlanta , a starter .
Whenever I think of Leo , I think of his mound visits .
One time he comes out and looks at me and goes , " Why the [ bleep ] did n't you come in here and talk to him ?
Get him settled down ! "
And I say , " I 'm the third baseman , Leo .
It 's your job to be able to tell him . "
And we started going at it there on the mound .
I think he was just kidding around , just trying to give the pitcher a blow , because he looked a little tired .
You can push harder when they 're going well and not when they 're going bad .
When they 're going bad , that 's when they need some support , mentally and physically .
If someone 's going well , and they get away with something , you make sure they know they got away -- when they 're going good .
And then when they 're going bad , try to point out the good things that they 've done .
He picked his spots , when he tried to get in your face and get you going a little bit .
He came out one game in San Diego , like in , I do n't know , ' 92 or ' 93 , and got in my face on the mound .
" Are you hurt ? " I said no .
He said , " Well , why do n't you start pitching like you 're not hurt , or we 'll get somebody out here who can ! "
It was all in an effort to try and get me to stop being defensive and go more on the attack .
We were working on the side in 1994 or 1995 , and he was getting frustrated with me .
I was frustrated , too , and he just started ranting and cussing , and I just turned around and said : " Leo , that does nothing for me .
Knock it off . "
He shut up .
One time up in Toronto , I came out of a game , and I was pretty heated and he was pretty heated that I was pitching the way I was .
We got into it from opposite ends of the dugout pretty good .
When the game was over , he said , " You know what , if you did n't care enough to get that mad , then I would n't want you on my team . "
There is never a grudge with Leo .
He does n't put up with a lot of crap .
There were times when Rocker would come over in a side session and throw four pitches and get pissed off and throw the resin bags up against the backstop and start cussing and carrying on .
When he would do that , I 'd say , " See you later . "
I 'd walk out on him .
" Hey , where you going ? " I 'd say : " I ai n't watching you do this crap .
If you want to use some common sense here and try to upgrade your pitching , then we 're going to stay .
But if not , forget it . " [ Mazzone ] does n't get bored .
He 's not tired of seeing me pitch or John Smoltz pitch .
You see a guy pitch 35 times , 35 starts .
And it might be 70 times in between that he 's throwing .
That gets a little tedious .
He 's able to communicate what he sees and kind of get you to throw the ball like you should be throwing .
A lot of pitching coaches I had were n't able to do that .
They 'd always say , " Nice pitch , nice pitch . "
That can't help me .
One pitching coach I had , the relationship got so bad , I wanted to throw before he came to the park !
I did n't want to hear that kind of stuff , because I knew it was n't true .
Leo would just say , " You ca n't get guys out with that . "
And we 'd work on it , and we'd try to sharpen things up so that , when you go into a game , you 'd have some confidence .
When you go out on the mound , he may be talking to somebody else .
But if you let one pitch go -- maybe your elbow was down -- he'd be right on top of you , and you 'd get your elbow back up .
The United States condemned a suicide bombing that killed six senior Iranian Revolutionary Guards commanders and denied it had anything to do with it .
" We condemn this act of terrorism and mourn the loss of innocent lives .
Reports of alleged US involvement are completely false , " US State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said in a brief statement .
Sunday 's Attack 6 Revolutionary Guard commanders killed in Iran bombing News agencies IRNA reports suicide bombing near Iran 's border with Pakistan kills dozens , including a number of senior elite Revolutionary Guard commanders ; dozens more wounded .
Tehran accuses Britain of involvement in attack 6 Revolutionary Guard commanders killed in Iran bombing
Meanwhile , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ordered authorities to swiftly track down and punish those behind Sunday 's suicide attack in the country 's volatile southeast , the official IRNA news agency reported .
Ahmadinejad said " the criminals who committed ... crimes against humanity ... will be seriously dealt with , " IRNA reported .
The attack highlighted deepening instability in the Islamic Republic 's southeast bordering Pakistan and Afghanistan , where many of Iran 's minority Sunnis live and which has seen a spate of deadly bombings and other violence in the last few years .
State media said a local rebel Sunni group called Jundollah ( God 's soldiers ) claimed responsibility for the attack , the deadliest on the elite Revolutionary Guards in recent years , which also wounded some 30 people at a meeting of tribal chiefs .
The southeastern province of Sistan - Baluchestan is the scene of frequent clashes between security forces , ethnic Baluch Sunni insurgents and heavily - armed drug traffickers .
The region has also been the focus of attacks in recent years by Jundollah , which accuses Iran 's Shiite - led government of discrimination .
Iranian officials have accused Jundollah of receiving backing from al - Qaeda and the United States .
Iran 's armed forces accused the United States and Britain of involvement in Sunday 's attack , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported .
The headquarters of the armed forces blamed the bombing on " terrorists " backed by " the Great Satan America and its ally Britain " .
" Not in the distant future we ( Iran ) will take revenge ... and Baluchis will clear this region from terrorists and criminals , " Fars quoted a statement as saying , referring to the inhabitants of Sistan - Baluchestan province , where the attack took place .
Revenge ?
The deputy head of the Guards ' ground forces , General Nourali Shoushtari , and its commander in Sistan - Baluchestan province , General Rajabali Mohammadzadeh , were among the killed .
" Rigi 's terrorist group has claimed responsibility for the attack , " said state television , referring to Abdolmalek Rigi , leader of Jundollah which is linked by some analysts to the Taliban in neighbouring Pakistan .
" Not in the distant future we ( Iran ) will take revenge ... and Baluchis will clear this region from terrorists and criminals , " Fars quoted the armed forces statement as saying , referring to the inhabitants of Sistan - Baluchestan province , where the attack took place .
State television showed footage of three bodies covered with blood - stained clothing and of wounded people being taken to hospital .
Glass shards and other debris were scattered at the scene of the attack .
Predominantly Shiite Muslim Iran accuses the United States of backing Jundollah to stir trouble in sensitive border areas , a charge that Washington denies .
Tehran has also linked the group to the Sunni Islamist al - Qaeda network .
Most people in Sistan - Baluchestan are Sunni Muslims and ethnic Baluchis .
Iran rejects allegations by Western rights groups that it discriminates against ethnic and religious minorities .
The Revolutionary Guards is an elite force seen as fiercely loyal to Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Its power and resources have increased in recent years .
It handles security in key border areas .
Car accidents are one of the leading causes of serious personal injuries in the state of Connecticut .
The lawyers at Williams , Walsh & O'Connor , LLC , in North Haven , have significant experience helping people injured in auto accidents optimize their financial recovery .
Our skilled motor vehicle accident lawyers are here to help you through this difficult time .
Call us today at 203-285-3593 or toll free at 866-530-7228 for a free initial consultation .
From the New Haven - area , we represent injury victims throughout Connecticut .
Our Approach To Auto Accident Lawsuits
While car accidents can occur anywhere , the I - 95 Corridor , I - 91 , I - 84 and Merritt Parkway have an unusual number of car wrecks involving serious and catastrophic injuries like amputation , soft tissue injuries , spinal cord injuries , or car accident fatality .
Our lawyers know how to investigate , demonstrate and present auto accident injuries in a manner that benefits our clients .
Our firm regularly works with accident reconstructionists , medical professionals and rehabilitation specialists to determine the extent of our client ’s injuries .
Then we work diligently to obtain a financial recovery that allows our clients to recover from their injuries and move forward with their lives .
Resolving Auto Accident Litigation
Auto accident litigation can be resolved through negotiated settlements or at trial .
While our lawyers prepare every car and motorcycle accident case for trial , a majority of all auto accident litigation is resolved through negotiated settlements .
We work hard to obtain settlements that optimize our client ’s financial recovery .
However , our lawyers are skilled trial attorneys with a number of significant verdicts in auto accident cases .
Find out more about specific motor vehicle accidents :
Contact Us | Free Injury Consultation
If you need an auto accident attorney for any car or motorcycle accident litigation , please contact Williams , Walsh & O'Connor , LLC , for a free initial consultation .
Our firm can be reached by phone toll free at 866-530-7228 or 203-285-3593 .
I create the War Series -- mask and accompanying story -- to share the reality of war as I believe too many stories are not being told .
The details in this story come from the story Brig .
Col. Janis Karpinski shared with investigators regarding Abu Ghraib .
See other pieces in the series at my blog : http://www.mothersspeakaboutwarandterror.org
Internet Explorer - the bane of most web developers ' existence .
Up to 60 % of your development can be wasted just trying to squash out IE specific bugs which is n't really a productive use of your time .
In this tutorial , you are going to learn about the most common IE bugs and rendering disparities and how to easily squash them or deal with them .
By the way , if you do n't want to go through this process yourself , or if you 're having trouble fixing a particular IE bug , try the IE Browser Issue Correction service on Envato Studio .
Alternatively , you may find this Envato Market item useful : Easy & Quick Browser Detection .
It lets you quickly determine which browser is being used and display notifications or take other actions based on that .
1. Centering a Layout
Centering an element is probably something every web developer has to do while creating a layout .
The easiest and most versatile way to center an element is to just add margin : auto ; to the relevant element .
The above method will take care of centering the element irrespective of the resolution and / or browser width .
IE 6 in quirks mode however decides to handle this in the most unfortunate way possible : by not handling it at all .
Consider the Following Code :
The output you 'd expect :
But what IE actually gives you :
This is mainly due to IE6 in quirks mode and below not recognizing the auto value we set to the margin property .
Fortunately , this is easily fixed .
The Fix
The easiest and most reliable way to center content for IE6 and below is to apply text - align : center to the parent element and then apply text - align : left to the element to be centered to make sure the text within it is aligned properly .
2. Staircase Effect
Almost every web developer uses lists to create his navigation .
Usually , you create the container element , create some links inside and then float the anchors in the direction he wants and calls it a day .
Usually .
IE though decides to make it a lot more complicated .
Peruse through the following code :
A standard compliant browser renders it like so :
And the IE screen shot :
Not a particularly pleasing navigation if you ask me .
Fortunately , there are 2 fixes you can try .
Fix #
1
The easiest way to combat this is to float the li elements themselves instead of the anchor elements .
Just add this and you should be done .
Fix #
2
The second way is to apply display : inline to the enclosing li element .
In addition to fixing this bug , it also fixes the double margin bug mentioned below .
Purists may not like placing block elements inside inline elements though .
3. Double Margin on Floated Elements
This bug is probably among the first ones a web developer starting out will run into and is specific to Internet Explorer 6 and below .
Triggering it is as simple as floating an element and then applying a margin in the direction it has been floated .
And voila !
The margin will be doubled in the rendered output .
Not really something you 'd look forward to while creating a pixel perfect layout .
Consider this code :
On standards compliant browsers , this is how it looks :
But here is how IE 6 decides to render it :
The Fix
The fix for this specific bug is to apply display : inline to the floated element and everything works as it is supposed to .
Our previous code now changes to :
4. Inability to Have Elements with Small Heights
As part of creating a layout , you may need to create elements with very small heights as custom borders for elements .
Usually , you 'll just have to add height : XXpx to the style 's declarations and you should be done .
Or so you thought .
Check the page in IE and you 'll probably do a double take .
As an example , look at the following code :
And the output is just as expected : A 2 px element with a 1 px border .
And in IE :
Fix #
1
The cause of this bug is pretty simple : IE simply refuses to size an element smaller than the set font size .
Simply setting the font size to 0 lets you have an element as small and short as you like .
Fix #
2
The next best way to deal with this bug is to apply overflow : hidden to the element so it collapses to the intended height .
5. Auto Overflow and Relatively Positioned Items
This bug rears its ugly head when in a layout you set the parent container 's overflow property to auto and place a relatively positioned item inside it .
The relatively positioned item violates its parent element 's boundaries and overflows outside .
Let me demonstrate .
Look the following code :
And the expected output :
And IE 's output :
The Fix
The easiest way to fix this annoying bug is to just position the parent element relatively too .
6. Fixing the Broken Box Model
Internet Explorer 's misinterpretation of the box model is perhaps its unforgivable mistake .
IE 6 in semi-standards compliant mode sidesteps this but this issue can still be triggered by quirks mode .
Two div elements .
One with the fix applied and one without .
The difference in the width and height is the sum of the paddings applied on each side .
The Fix
I am sure the quandary with the box model needs neither explanation nor demonstration so I 'll just give you the fix .
The trick is to set the width normally for all standards compliant browsers , target IE5 / 6 alone and then feed it the corrected width .
This is how you 'd usually go on about :
This now changes to :
Essentially , you add the padding to the original width and feed it to IE 6 .
The fix targets IE 6 in quirks mode alone so you need not worry about IE 6 in normal mode messing things up .
7. Setting a Minimum Width and Height
Setting an minimum height to an element is absolutely imperative when trying to convert a beautiful design into a pixel perfect design .
Unfortunately , IE completely ignores the min-height property instead taking the height declared as the minimum height .
Fix #
1
The fix is a hack created by Dustin Diaz .
It utilizes the ! important declaration to make it work .
The snippet looks like so :
Fix #
2
The second way is to take advantage of the fact that IE can't parse child selectors .
8. Floated Layout Misbehaving
One of the important concepts of building table - less layouts using CSS is floating elements .
In most cases , IE6 handles this with aplomb but in certain cases it fumbles .
When faced with unbreakable content or elements whose width exceeds its parent 's width , it causes havoc with the layouts .
Let me show you .
Consider this piece of code :
The expected output as viewed on a standards compliant browser :
In IE :
As you can see , the first div expands itself to fit the content which ultimately breaks the layout .
The Fix
There is no elegant fix for this bug .
The only way to save the layout is to apply overflow : hidden to the element but at the cost of clipping the unbreakable content .
The layout will be saved but the extra content wo n't .
9. Space Between List Items
IE 6 adds vertical spacing even none is specified in specific cases .
Let 's look at the code first .
What it should look like :
What IE gives us :
Fortunately , there are a plethora of fixes you could try .
Fix #
1
The easiest way out is to just define a width for the anchor tags and voila !
everything renders as it should .
Declaring a width triggers the element 's IE specific hasLayout property .
You could instead define a height if you want to .
Fix #
2
The next method is to just float the anchor left and then clearing it .
Fix #
3
The third method is to add display : inline to the enclosing li element .
This also fixes the double margin bug as noted above .
Conclusion
And there you have it : the nine most common IE rendering bugs , and how to squash them .
Hopefully this has saved you some blood , sweat and tears while debugging your next creation .
I 'll be watching the comments section frequently ; so chime in here if you are having difficulties implementing the fixes noted here .
Questions ?
Nice things to say ?
Criticisms ?
Hit the comments section and leave me a comment .
Happy coding !
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the Nettuts + RSS Feed for the best web development tutorials on the web .
Extra Resources
If you ’re tired of pulling your hair out because of confusing bugs , check out Envato Studio where you can ask help from hand - picked developers who love squashing bugs and making fixes !
Lucky for us , the Space Age coincided with the Television Age .
The space race between the United States and the USSR was only partially about the pursuit of knowledge .
It was also a realm to fight the Cold War , a theater of scientific and technological superiority .
And the two nations took full advantage of the sublime visual appeal of their missions to promote their agendas to the world .
From the telegenic chimps that paved the way for human space travel to the rumble of the Delta II , these moving images chart a few of the major milestones in the competition to reach the Moon and colonize low - Earth orbit .
1957 : Sputnik 1 Becomes First Artificial Satellite to Orbit Earth
The Space Age dawned a little sooner than expected with the successful launch of Sputnik 1 by the Soviet Union .
With Sputnik 1 ’s successful deployment , the political , military and technological relationship between the Soviet Union and United States changed dramatically .
The Americans immediately abandoned their Vanguard satellite project , because its intended payload was eclipsed by Sputnik ’s , and started anew with Explorer .
1958 : Explorer I Is First U.S. Satellite
The United States entered the Space Age with the successful launch of the Explorer I satellite .
Explorer I was tiny , weighing just 30 pounds fully loaded .
More than half the weight was instrumentation , which included a cosmic - ray –detection package , a variety of temperature sensors and a microphone for picking up micrometerorite impacts .
Data was sent back to Earth using 10 - and 60 - milliwatt transmitters .
It was a model of simplicity , and it worked .
In NASA ’s own words : “ Because of the limited space available and the requirements for low weight , the Explorer I instrumentation was designed and built with simplicity and high reliability in mind .
It was completely successful . ”
1961 : Enos Is First Chimp to Orbit Earth
Monkeys , chimps and dogs were first launched into space to see if it would be safe for humans .
Ham was the first chimpanzee to launch into outer space on Jan. 31 , 1961 .
Enos blasted off in the Mercury Atlas Rocket on Nov. 29 to become the first chimp to orbit the Earth .
Scheduled for three orbits , Enos only made two , because of technical difficulties .
He landed back on Earth in good physical condition , but died 11 months later of non–space - related dysentery .
1967 : First Manned Soviet Soyuz Takes Off
Soviet cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov was killed when the parachute of his Soyuz 1 craft failed to deploy for landing .
He was the first person to die on a space mission .
Soyuz 1 was actually intended to be part of a much more ambitious mission , one that would have featured the transfer of crews from one Soyuz capsule to another .
That part of the mission was scrubbed when Komarov ’s craft developed trouble during its 16 - orbit flight .
1968 : Apollo 8 Launches for Far Side of the Moon
The three crew members of the Apollo 8 ( Frank Borman , James Lovell , and William Anders ) were the first humans to see the far side of the moon with their own eyes .
Apollo 8 ’s success paved the way for Apollo 11 to land a man on the moon the following year .
1969 : Apollo 11 Delivers First Humans to Moon
The Soviet Union was first to land a spacecraft on the moon , in 1966 , but NASA ’s Neil Armstrong became the first human to set foot on the lunar surface , realizing humanity ’s age - old dream , and effectively winning the space race for the United States .
Armstrong and fellow astronaut Buzz Aldrin left the Apollo 11 command module ( piloted by Michael Collins ) in orbit and performed a landing in the lunar module Eagle .
At 4:18 p.m. EDT , Armstrong announced to a watching and waiting world , “ The Eagle has landed . ”
1981 : Columbia , First Space Shuttle , Launches
Columbia was the first space shuttle to launch .
From April 12 to April 14 , 1981 , it orbited the Earth 36 times .
Columbia went on to complete 26 successful missions until it disintegrated during re-entry Feb. 1 , 2003 , killing seven astronauts .
NASA determined that a puncture on the shuttle ’s wing suffered during launch led to Columbia breaking apart during re-entry .
1985 : Atlantis Carries Classified Payload for Pentagon
The space shuttle Atlantis first launched Oct. 3 , 1985 .
It carried with it a classified payload from the Defense Department .
Atlantis went on to carry four more Pentagon payloads in later missions .
The Atlantis is still operational ; its next planned trip is Nov. 12 , 2009 .
1989 : Delta II Completes 75th Straight Successful Launch
The ever - faithful Delta II system has been used for 142 launches , including NASA missions to Mars .
The Delta rocket family has been in service since 1989 .
On Sept. 18 , 2007 , Delta II completed its 75th consecutive successful launch , a record for modern boosters .
1991 : Endeavour Arrives at Kennedy to Replace Challenger
Novell wants the US Supreme Court to review its seemingly - never - ending legal tete - a- tete with SCO over the famous UNIX and UNIXware copyrights .
As noticed by Groklaw , Novell has filed a motion with a federal appeals court asking for a 90 - day stay in the SCO case so it can file a writ of certiorari petition with the Supremes .
This would ask the Supremes to review the lower court 's decision that SCO can take its copyright crusade to trial .
In August , the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals reversed an earlier decision that the copyrights belonged to Novell , breathing new life into SCO 's efforts to enforce the UNIX copyrights against the likes of IBM .
Last week , the SCO Group - a bankrupt company that does little more than fight court cases - booted its longtime boss , Darl McBride .
But the shell - of - a - company vowed to continue its court battles with both Novell and Big Blue .
In 1995 , Novell sold its Unix trademarks and other assets to an earlier incarnation of SCO , and SCO was quite sure that the deal included the Unix copyrights as well - so sure that it started waving them at the Linux industry , entering licensing agreements with the likes of Sun and suing everyone from IBM to DaimlerChrysler .
Novell then claimed that it had not sold the copyrights and that its ownership of the copyrights invalidates SCO 's $ 1 billion lawsuit against IBM .
So , in January 2004 , SCO filed a suit accusing Novell of talking nonsense .
According to court rulings , the contract between Novell and SCO is ambiguous on the copyright issue .
But SCO rolled out various witnesses who said Novell 's clear intent was to include the copyrights in the pact .
Of course , Novell argues that federal law requires that the copyright transfer be included in the written contract .
" This case presents a fundamental question of copyright law on which the [ lower courts ] are in disagreement : whether the written - transfer requirement of [ federal law ] requires a writing that identifies with reasonable certainty the specific subject matter and the essential terms of the copyright transfer , " Novell says in its latest filing .
" Because resolution of that threshold legal question could entirely foreclose the copyright and related tort claims , thus significantly reducing the issues for trial in this case ( as well as in two other cases ) , a stay of the mandate pending a petition for certiorari is warranted . "
Following its bankruptcy filing , SCO says that within the next month , it will find a way to stabilize its cash flow .
So we 'll have to keep writing .
And you 'll have to keep reading . ®
FORT LAUDERDALE , Florida ( CNN ) -- A Fort Lauderdale nurse has resigned and more than 1,800 patients have been notified that they may have been exposed to diseases such as HIV and hepatitis , after the nurse allegedly admitted to the hospital that she used disposable IV equipment on multiple patients , a violation of safety standards .
Reuse of disposable equipment violates " universal , standard " safety policy , a hospital official noted .
Fort Lauderdale
Police are investigating to determine whether any crimes were committed after an anonymous caller reported seeing the nurse use the same saline bag and a portion of tubing more than once , during adult cardiac chemical stress tests .
The hospital , Broward General Medical Center , said that a review of the nurse was conducted when administering intravenous fluids during the stress tests and that she was suspended pending the outcome of a full investigation .
The nurse subsequently resigned , according to the hospital .
Police have identified the nurse as Qui Lan of Fort Lauderdale .
On Friday , an attorney for Lan told CNN : " Ms. Qui Lan has been a registered nurse for over 37 years providing excellent medical care to all of her patients .
She has an excellent reputation in the medical community due to her professionalism and ethical manner .
We are confident that once the facts surrounding this incident are revealed , Ms. Qui Lan will continue to be seen in the same light . "
" She 's not a suspect , " said police Sgt. Frank Sousa .
" We do n't have a crime at this point ....
If any victims come forward , we 're going to investigate . "
Police have not released an incident report .
" It 's heartbreaking to every employee here , " said Cathy Meyer , a spokeswoman for Broward General Medical Center .
" She was aware that she was doing this .
It 's no different than changing a sheet , or a BandAid .
This is what nurses go into nursing school for , " Meyer said .
Do n't Miss Charges added for hospital worker in hepatitis case
" It 's a violation of standard nursing infection control procedures , " she said .
" It 's a universal , standard policy which was violated . "
The hospital says a review of medical files from the nurse 's date of employment , January 2004 , until today identified 1,851 patients to whom the nurse administered cardiac chemical tests .
These patients are being urged to get tested for the hepatitis B and C virus , and HIV .
Alice Taylor , the hospital 's chief operating officer , said the nurse admitted to a hospital investigator that she should have used new equipment for each patient .
When asked why she did n't , the nurse did not respond , Taylor said , through a spokesperson .
" She admitted to inconsistencies in replacing the saline bag , " Taylor said .
A cardiac chemical stress test is designed for people who cannot tolerate a traditional stress test , which involves walking on a treadmill with electrodes attached to their body .
So , the chemical test is performed , using specific medicines that increase the heart beat as if the person were exercising .
It was during this intravenous process that saline bags and tubing were allegedly used more than once , according to the anonymous individual .
The hospital believes the risk of exposure is low but said it 's important for patients to be tested and will pay all necessary costs .
" This is an individual 's unacceptable practice that once discovered was immediately corrected , " said James Thaw , CEO of Broward General Medical Center , in a written statement .
As of Tuesday morning , the hospital had already received more than 600 calls and had counseled 30 people inside the hospital .
" It 's prudent for our hospital to go into an investigation and notify every patient .
We took a conservative approach , " said Meyer , the hospital spokesperson .
But whether the nurse 's actions result in criminal charges remains to be seen .
The police have sealed the incident report and have not yet interviewed the nurse .
" We are investigating to see whether or not there was a crime that was committed , " said Sgt. Frank Sousa of the Fort Lauderdale Police Department .
In the meantime , a 24 - hour patient hotline has been established .
The hospital asks concerned patients to call 800 - 545-5716 , or go to their Web site at www.browardhealth.org/patientnotice/#.
All About Nursing • Hepatitis • HIV and AIDS
The best health benefits come from living less than a kilometre ( 0.62 miles ) from a green space
There is more evidence that living near a ' green space ' has health benefits .
Research in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health says the impact is particularly noticeable in reducing rates of mental ill health .
The annual rates of 15 out of 24 major physical diseases were also significantly lower among those living closer to green spaces .
One environmental expert said the study confirmed that green spaces create ' oases ' of improved health around them .
The researchers from the VU University Medical Centre in Amsterdam looked at the health records of 350,000 people registered with 195 family doctors across the Netherlands .
Only people who had been registered with their GP for longer than 12 months were included because the study assumed this was the minimum amount of time people would have to live in an environment before any effect of it would be noticeable .
Health impact
The percentages of green space within a one and three kilometre ( 0.62 and 1.86 miles ) radius of their home were calculated using their postcode .
On average , green space accounted for 42 % of the residential area within one kilometre ( 0.62 miles ) radius and almost 61 % within a three kilometre ( 1.86 miles ) radius of people 's homes .
DISEASES THAT BENEFIT MOST FROM GREEN SPACES Coronary heart disease Neck , shoulder , back , wrist and hand complaints Depression and anxiety Diabetes Respiratory infections and asthma Migraine and vertigo Stomach bugs and urinary tract infections Unexplained physical symptoms
And the annual rates for 24 diseases in 7 different categories were calculated .
The health benefits for most of the diseases were only seen when the greenery was within a one kilometre ( 0.62 miles ) radius of the home .
The exceptions to this were anxiety disorders , infectious diseases of the digestive system and medically unexplained physical symptoms which were seen to benefit even when the green spaces were within three kilometres of the home .
The biggest impact was on anxiety disorders and depression .
Anxiety disorders
The annual prevalence of anxiety disorders for those living in a residential area containing 10 % of green space within a one kilometre ( 0.62 miles ) radius of their home was 26 per 1000 whereas for those living in an area containing 90 % of green space it was 18 per 1000 .
For depression the rates were 32 per 1000 for the people in the more built up areas and 24 per 1000 for those in the greener areas .
At least part of this ' oasis ' effect probably reflects changes in air quality
Professor Barbara Maher , Lancaster Environment Centre
The researchers also showed that this relation was strongest for children younger than 12 .
They were 21 % less likely to suffer from depression in the greener areas .
Two unexpected findings were that the greener spaces did not show benefits for high blood pressure and that the relation appeared stronger for people aged 46 to 65 than for the elderly .
The researchers think the green spaces help recovery from stress and offer greater opportunities for social contacts .
They say the free physical exercise and better air quality could also contribute .
Dr Jolanda Maas of the VU University Medical Centre in Amsterdam , said : " It clearly shows that green spaces are not just a luxury but they relate directly to diseases and the way people feel in their living environments . "
" Most of the diseases which are related to green spaces are diseases which are highly prevalent and costly to treat so policy makers need to realise that this is something they may be able to diminish with green spaces . "
Professor Barbara Maher of the Lancaster Environment Centre said the study confirmed that green spaces create oases of improved health around them especially for children .
She said : " At least part of this ' oasis ' effect probably reflects changes in air quality .
" Anything that reduces our exposure to the modern - day ' cocktail ' of atmospheric pollutants has got to be a good thing . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SALEM -- House Republicans on Wednesday tried but failed to pull a bill rewriting a portion of Oregon 's rape statute onto the floor for immediate vote .
Under current law , if a woman becomes drunk , blacks out and is raped , courts and prosecutors are allowed to consider how she became intoxicated and vulnerable to the attack .
If she became incapacitated by her own actions -- such as drinking too much at a party -- then the person accused of attacking her could be charged only with sex abuse in the second degree .
The accused would not be charged with the more serious crime of first - degree rape or sex abuse , which carry mandatory minimum prison sentences .
House Bill 2343 would allow prosecutors to charge rape no matter how the victim became vulnerable to attack .
But it has been stuck in the Ways and Means Public Safety Committee .
Rep. Vicki Berger , R - Salem , moved to bring the bill out and up for a vote .
Her motion was rejected on a partisan vote but not before Democratic House leaders huddled with each other and with Republicans .
The bill , having already cleared the House Judiciary Committee , likely had enough support to pass .
But 32 Democrats including the bill 's sponsor , Rep. Sara Gelser , voted to block the Republican attempt .
Gelser , D - Corvallis , said she has been assured the bill will come out of committee before the session ends .
" I feel confident it 's going to pass , " she said .
Microsoft today announced students would be able to purchase upgrade versions of Windows 7 for a significantly reduced price until January 3 , 2010 at 12:00 am CST .
A valid e-mail address given by a college or university must be used .
An e-mail will be sent telling the student if he or she qualifies for the discount .
Eligible students are allowed to purchase one copy of either Windows 7 Home Premium or Windows 7 Professional from the online store .
The discount price applies to the following countries : the UK ( �30 ) and the US ( $ 30 ) .
More information is available at win741.com , a site just launched today that is dedicated to advertising Windows 7 to students .
" In the US , students can pre-order their copy of Windows 7 beginning September 17th and can download the OS beginning on October 22nd ( general availability ) , " a Microsoft spokesperson confirmed with Ars .
For US students , we checked and saw that they need to have a .edu e-mail address or be attending one of the 158 schools Microsoft lists .
" Students in the UK can pre-order their copy beginning on September 30th for download on October 22nd .
Students in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Korea , and Mexico can participate in this offer on October 22nd .
In most markets , the offer ends on January 3rd ( in Australia the offer is available until March 31st ) . "
Many college and university students can already get Windows 7 Professional for free through the MSDN Academic Alliance ( MSDNAA ) but this is offer is aimed at those who cannot .
This deal reminds us most of the Ultimate Steal discounts for Microsoft Office the company also offers to students .
The new Internet freedom provision still allows " graduated response " laws and even Internet disconnections , but it does set down a baseline that all countries must follow .
According to the new provision , Internet sanctions may " only by imposed if they are appropriate , proportionate , and necessary within a democratic society . "
In addition , they can only " be taken with due respect for the principle of presumption of innocence and the right to privacy .
A prior fair and impartial procedure shall be guaranteed , including the right to be heard of the person or persons concerned …
The right to an effective and timely judicial review shall be guaranteed . "
Raging around the digital copyright debate is the issue of how people who commit piracy ought to be punished .
Right now , it is primarily through lawsuits brought by the copyright holders .
However , the idea has been floated around to create a " three strikes and you 're out " law , whose intention would be to disconnect copyright infringers from the internet altogether by creating national blacklists .
The problems with such " three strikes " laws include the difficulty in accurately determining the alleged pirate 's identity as well as providing demonstrable evidence of their infringing acts .
After all , if someone hacks into your computer , uses it as a proxy , or infects it with a virus or other piece of malware transforming it into part of a botnet , then , even though you did n't do anything wrong , the government could still blacklist you and you would never be allowed to have internet access again .
And if you do n't even know what some of those things mean , then you might really be in trouble .
Europe is further along on this course than is the U.S. Opponents of the EU's " three strikes " law have specifically made pointed criticisms at 1 ) the presumption of guilt , 2 ) a disregard for personal privacy , and 3 ) the lack of judicial review or appeal .
Well , last night , a compromise seems to have been reached between the two sides .
As Ars Technica reports , all parties have agreed to a new " Internet Freedom Provision " which has been signed off on by the Council of Ministers , the negotiators from the European Parliament , and the European Commission , and looks to go into effect next year .
At first glance , this seems like a very reasonable compromise .
Unfortunately , there is one giant lingering elephant in the room .
As the advocacy group , La Quadrature du Net , argues , the protection granted by this provision only relates to measures taken by governments , not private parties .
As a result , private ISPs can still cut people off entirely from the internet without a presumption of innocence , regard for personal privacy , or any appeals process .
Clearly , that 's a problem .
The Internet Freedom Provision should thus be thought of as a positive first step in formulating a compromise solution to the problems of digital copyright infringement ... but a first step only .
Get Active
Subscribe
Support Us URL : http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v09/n1042/a01.html
Newshawk : Jay Bergstrom
Votes : 1
Pubdate : Sun , 22 Nov 2009
Source : New York Times ( NY )
Copyright : 2009 The New York Times Company
Page : A39A
Contact :
Website : http://www.nytimes.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/298
Author : Katherine Ellison
Cited : Wo / Men's Alliance for Medical Marijuana http://www.wamm.org/
Cited : The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws
http://www.norml.org/
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/topic/dispensaries
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/find?115 ( Cannabis - California )
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/find?253 ( Cannabis - Medicinal - United States )
MEDICAL MARIJUANA : NO LONGER JUST FOR ADULTS
At the Peace in Medicine Healing Center in Sebastopol , the wares on display include dried marijuana -- featuring brands like Kryptonite , Voodoo Daddy and Train Wreck -- and medicinal cookies arrayed below a sign saying , " Keep Out of Reach of Your Mother . "
The warning tells a story of its own : some of the center 's clients are too young to buy themselves a beer .
Several Bay Area doctors who recommend medical marijuana for their patients said in recent interviews that their client base had expanded to include teenagers with psychiatric conditions including attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder .
" It 's not everybody 's medicine , but for some , it can make a profound difference , " said Valerie Corral , a founder of the Wo / Men 's Alliance for Medical Marijuana , a patients ' collective in Santa Cruz that has two dozen minors as registered clients .
Because California does not require doctors to report cases involving medical marijuana , no reliable data exist for how many minors have been authorized to receive it .
But Dr. Jean Talleyrand , who founded MediCann , a network in Oakland of 20 clinics who authorize patients to use the drug , said his staff members had treated as many as 50 patients ages 14 to 18 who had A.D.H.D. Bay Area doctors have been at the forefront of the fierce debate about medical marijuana , winning tolerance for people with grave illnesses like terminal cancer and AIDS .
Yet as these doctors use their discretion more liberally , such support -- even here -- may be harder to muster , especially when it comes to using marijuana to treat adolescents with A.D.H.D .
" How many ways can one say ' one of the worst ideas of all time ? ' " asked Stephen Hinshaw , the chairman of the psychology department at the University of California , Berkeley .
He cited studies showing that tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , the active ingredient in cannabis , disrupts attention , memory and concentration -- functions already compromised in people with the attention - deficit disorder .
Advocates are just as adamant , though they are in a distinct minority .
" It 's safer than aspirin , " Dr. Talleyrand said .
He and other marijuana advocates maintain that it is also safer than methylphenidate ( Ritalin ) , the stimulant prescription drug most often used to treat A.D.H.D.
That drug has documented potential side effects including insomnia , depression , facial tics and stunted growth .
In 1996 , voters approved a ballot proposition making California the first state to legalize medical marijuana .
Twelve other states have followed suit -- allowing cannabis for several specified , serious conditions including cancer and AIDS -- but only California adds the grab - bag phrase " for any other illness for which marijuana provides relief . "
This has left those doctors willing to " recommend " cannabis -- in the Alice - in - Wonderland world of medical marijuana , they cannot legally prescribe it -- with leeway that some use to a daring degree .
" You can get it for a backache , " said Keith Stroup , the founder of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
Nonetheless , expanding its use among young people is controversial even among doctors who authorize medical marijuana .
Gene Schoenfeld , a doctor in Sausalito , said , " I would n't do it for anyone under 21 , unless they have a life - threatening problem such as cancer or AIDS . "
Dr. Schoenfeld added , " It 's detrimental to adolescents who chronically use it , and if it 's being used medically , that implies chronic use . "
Dr. Nora D. Volkow , director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , said she was particularly worried about the risk of dependency -- a risk she said was already high among adolescents and people with attention - deficit disorder .
Counterintuitive as it may seem , however , patients and doctors have been reporting that marijuana helps alleviate some of the symptoms , particularly the anxiety and anger that so often accompany A.D.H.D.
The disorder has been diagnosed in more than 4.5 million children in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Researchers have linked the use of marijuana by adolescents to increased risk of psychosis and schizophrenia for people genetically predisposed to those illnesses .
However , one 2008 report in the journal Schizophrenia Research suggested that the incidence of mental health problems among adolescents with the disorder who used marijuana was lower than that of nonusers .
Marijuana is " a godsend " for some people with A.D.H.D. , said Dr. Edward M. Hallowell , a psychiatrist who has written several books on the disorder .
However , Dr. Hallowell said he discourages his patients from using it , both because it is -- mostly -- illegal , and because his observations show that " it can lead to a syndrome in which all the person wants to do all day is get stoned , and they do nothing else . "
Until the age of 18 , patients requesting medical marijuana must be accompanied to the doctor 's appointment and to the dispensaries by a parent or authorized caregiver .
Some doctors interviewed said they suspected that in at least some cases , parents were accompanying their children primarily with the hope that medical authorization would allow the adolescents to avoid buying drugs on the street .
A recent University of Michigan study found that more than 40 percent of high school students had tried marijuana .
" I do n't have a problem with that , as long as we can have our medical conversation , " Dr. Talleyrand said , adding that patients must have medical records to be seen by his doctors .
The Medical Board of California began investigating Dr. Talleyrand in the spring , said a board spokeswoman , Candis Cohen , after a KGO - TV report detailed questionable practices at MediCann clinics , which , the report said , had grossed at least $ 10 million in five years .
Dr. Talleyrand and his staff members are not alone in being willing to recommend marijuana for minors .
In Berkeley , Dr. Frank Lucido said he was questioned by the medical board but ultimately not disciplined after he authorized marijuana for a 16 - year - old boy with A.D.H.D. who had tried Ritalin unsuccessfully and was racking up a record of minor arrests .
Within a year of the new treatment , he said , the boy was getting better grades and was even elected president of his special - education class .
" He was telling his mother : ' My brain works .
I can think , ' " Dr. Lucido said .
" With any medication , you weigh the benefits against the risks , " he added .
Even so , MediCann patients who receive the authorization must sign a form listing possible downsides of marijuana use , including " mental slowness , " memory problems , nervousness , confusion , " increased talkativeness , " rapid heartbeat , difficulty in completing complex tasks and hunger .
" Some patients can become dependent on marijuana , " the form also warns .
The White House 's recent signals of more federal tolerance for state medical marijuana laws -- which pointedly excluded sales to minors -- reignited the debate over medical marijuana .
Some advocates , like Dr. Lester Grinspoon , an associate professor emeritus of psychiatry at Harvard University , suggest that medical marijuana 's stigma has less to do with questions of clinical efficacy and more to do with its association , in popular culture , with illicit pleasure and addiction .
Others , like Alberto Torrico of Fremont , the majority leader of the California Assembly , argue for more oversight in general .
" The marijuana is a lot more powerful these days than when we were growing up , and too much is being dispensed for nonmedical reasons , " he said in an interview last week , bluntly adding , " Any children being given medical marijuana is unacceptable . "
As advocates of increased acceptance try to win support , they may find their serious arguments compromised by the dispensaries ' playful atmosphere .
OrganiCann , a dispensary in Santa Rosa , has a Web site advertisement listing the " medible of the week " -- butterscotch rock candy -- invitingly photographed in a gift box with a ribbon .
OrganiCann also offers a 10 percent discount , every Friday , for customers with a valid student ID .
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
Stay up - to - date on new developments that may affect you
We have created this blog for the purpose of informing injury victims on new developments in legal areas that affect them .
We also hope this blog allows us to learn more about your concerns and invite you to share your opinions , worries and questions about the discussed topics .
Read Our Case Results
Tags
[ This talk was given at Economic Downturn : Cause and Cure ( Mises Circle , Sponsored by Louis E. Carabini ) Newport Beach , California , November 14 , 2009 . ]
Good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen :
As you all know , we are in a severe economic downturn .
The official unemployment rate now exceeds 10 percent and according to many observers is actually substantially higher .
Within the last year or so , our financial system has been rocked to its foundations .
The collapse of the housing bubble and the numerous defaults and bankruptcies connected with it brought down major financial institutions , such as Bear - Stearns , Lehman Brothers , and Merrill Lynch .
It also brought down numerous small and medium - sized banks and threatened to bring down even such banking giants as Citigroup and Bank of America .
The Dow Jones stock average fell from a high of 14,000 to about 6,500 .
Important retailers such as CompUSA , Circuit City , Mervyns , and Linens 'N Things went under , as did countless small businesses throughout the country .
Practically every shopping mall gives testimony to the severity of the downturn in the form of vacant stores .
The collapse of the housing bubble and the massive losses and mounting unemployment that have resulted from it have unleashed a veritable firestorm of hostility against capitalism , in the conviction that it is capitalism and its economic freedom that are responsible .
It is now generally taken for granted that any solution for the downturn requires massive new government intervention , to curb , control , or abolish this or that aspect of capitalism and its alleged evil .
Reflecting this view , in an effort to avoid financial collapse , the government 's response was the enactment of an $ 800 billion " stimulus package " designed to boost spending throughout the economic system , and the pouring of more than $ 1.1 trillion of new and additional reserves into the banking system , along with the direct investment of capital in the country 's most important banks and in major automobile firms , in order to prevent them from failing .
As a result of its so - called " investments , " the government now owns a majority interest in the common stock of General Motors , once the flagship company of capitalism .
There have been important extensions of government control over the economic system in other areas as well .
For example , the stimulus package contains substantial funding for new bureaucracies to control healthcare and energy production .
The new and additional bank reserves , moreover , are not only massive , but almost all of them are excess reserves .
Excess reserves are the reserves available to the banks for the making of new and additional loans , i.e. , for new and additional credit expansion .
They are the difference between the reserves the banks actually hold and the reserves they are required to hold by law or government regulation .
To gauge the significance of today 's excess reserves , one should consider that total bank reserves as recently as July of 2008 were on the order of just $ 45 billion , and excess reserves were less than $ 2 billion .
Those $ 45 billion of reserves supported a total of checking deposits in one form or another on the order of $ 6 trillion ( a sum that included traditional checking deposits , so - called " sweep accounts , " money - market mutual - fund accounts , and money - market deposit accounts insofar as checks could be written against them ) .
That was a ratio of checking deposits to reserves in excess of 100 to 1 , or equivalently , a fractional reserve of less than 1 percent .
Today , of the $ 1.1 trillion - plus of total reserves , all but approximately $ 62 billion of required reserves , are excess reserves .
As of the week of November 4 , excess reserves were $ 1.06 trillion .
Fortunately , for the time being at least , the banks are afraid to lend very much of this sum , but the potential is clearly there for a massive new credit expansion and corresponding increase in the quantity of money .
Recognition of this potential is reflected in the current surge in the price of precious metals .
Indeed , since $ 1.06 trillion of new and additional excess reserves are more than 22 times as large as the $ 45 billion of reserves that were sufficient not so long ago to support $ 6 trillion of checking deposits , they might potentially support checking deposits in excess of $ 132 trillion .
In effect , what has happened is that our recent brush with massive deflation has turned out to be an occasion for a massive inflationary fueling period in the effort to avoid that deflation .
Inflation and Deflation : Credit Expansion and Malinvestment
The title of my talk , of course , is " A Pro-Free - Market Program for Economic Recovery . "
What this entails changes as the government adds new and additional measures that create new and additional problems .
If I were giving this talk a year ago , my discussion would have been weighted somewhat more heavily toward deflation and somewhat less heavily toward inflation than is the case today .
A fundamental fact is that our present monetary system is characterized both by irredeemable paper money , i.e. , fiat money , and by credit expansion .
There is no limit to the quantity of fiat money that can be created .
This is the foundation for potentially limitless inflation and the ultimate destruction of the paper money , when the point is reached that it loses value so fast that no one will accept it any longer .
The fact that our monetary system is also characterized by credit expansion is what creates the potential for massive deflation — for deflation to the point of wiping out the far greater part of the money supply , which in the conditions of the last centuries has been brought into existence through the mechanism of credit expansion .
Credit expansion is what underlay the housing bubble , and before that , the stock market bubble , and before that a long series of other booms and busts , running through the Great Depression of 1929 that followed the stock market boom of the 1920s , through the 19th and 18th Centuries all the way back to the Mississippi Bubble of 1719 , and perhaps even further back .
Credit expansion is the lending out of money created virtually out of thin air .
It is money manufactured by the banking system , always with at least the implicit sanction of the government , which chooses not to outlaw the practice .
Since 1913 , credit expansion in this country has proceeded not only with the sanction but also with the approval , and active encouragement of the Federal Reserve System , which , as I 've shown , is now desperately trying to reignite the process as the means of recovering from the current downturn .
The new and additional money is created by the banking system through the lending out of funds placed on deposit with it by its customers and still held by those customers in the form of checking accounts of one kind or another .
The customers can continue to spend those checking deposits themselves , simply by writing checks or using other , similar methods of transferring their balances to others .
But now , at the same time , those to whom the banks have lent in this way also have money .
To illustrate the process , imagine that Mr. X deposits $ 1,000 of currency in his checking account .
He retains the ability to spend his $ 1,000 by means of writing checks .
From his point of view , he has not reduced the money he owns any more than if he had exchanged $ 1,000 in hundred - dollar bills for $ 1,000 in fifty - dollar bills , or vice versa .
He has merely changed the form in which he continues to hold the exact same quantity of money .
But now imagine that Mr. X's bank takes , say , $ 900 of the currency that he has deposited and lends it to Mr. Y. Mr. Y now possess $ 900 of spendable money in addition to the $ 1,000 that Mr. X continues to possess .
In other words , the quantity of money in the economic system has been increased by $ 900 .
Mr. Y's loan has been financed by the creation of new and additional money virtually out of thin air .
This is the nature and meaning of credit expansion .
Now , nothing of substance is changed , if instead of lending currency to Mr. Y , Mr. X's bank creates a new and additional checking deposit for Mr. Y in the amount of $ 900 .
( This , in fact , is the way credit expansion usually occurs in present - day conditions . )
There will once again be $ 900 of new and additional money .
There will be altogether $ 1,900 of money resting on a foundation merely of the $ 1,000 of currency deposited by Mr. X .
The $ 1,000 of currency that Mr. X's bank holds is its reserve .
If Mr. Y deposits his currency or check in another bank , it is the banking system that now has $ 1,000 of reserves and $ 1,900 of checking deposits .
On the foundation of these reserves , it can create still more money and use it in the further expansion of credit .
Indeed , as we have seen , the process of credit expansion is capable of creating checking deposits more than 100 times as large as the reserves that support them .
Credit expansion makes it possible to understand what caused the housing bubble and its collapse .
From January of 2001 to December of 2007 , credit expansion took place in excess of $ 2 trillion .
This new and additional money made available in the loan market drove down interest rates , including , very prominently , interest rates on home mortgages .
Since the interest rate on a mortgage is a major factor determining the cost of homeownership , lower mortgage interest rates greatly encouraged buying houses .
This artificially increased demand for houses , made possible by credit expansion , soon began to raise the prices of houses , and as the new and additional money kept pouring into the housing market , home prices continued to rise .
This went on long enough to convince many people that the mere buying and selling of houses was a way to make a good living .
On this basis , the demand for houses increased yet further , and finally a point was reached where the median - priced home was no longer affordable by anyone whose income was not far in excess of the median income , i.e. , only by a relatively few percent of families .
In the middle of 2004 , the Federal Reserve became alarmed about the situation and its implications for rising prices in general , and over the next two years progressively increased its Federal Funds interest rate from 1 percent to 5.25 percent .
This rise in the Federal Funds rate signified a reduction in the flow of new and additional excess reserves into the banking system and thus its ability to make new and additional loans .
This served to prick the housing bubble .
But before its end , perhaps as much as a trillion and a half dollars or more of credit expansion and its newly created money had been channeled into the housing market .
Once the basis of high and rising home prices had been removed , home prices began to fall , leaving large numbers of borrowers with homes worth less than they had paid for them and with mortgages they could not meet .
The investments in housing represented a classic case of what Mises calls " malinvestment , " i.e. , the wasteful investment of capital in inherently uneconomic ventures .
The malinvestment in housing was on a scale comparable to the credit expansion that had created it , i.e. , about $ 2 trillion or more .
That 's about how much was lost in the housing market .
When the money capital created by credit expansion was wiped out , the lending , investment spending , employment , and consumer spending that depended on that capital were also wiped out .
And , particularly important , as vast numbers of home buyers defaulted on their mortgages , the mounting losses on mortgage loans increasingly wiped out the capital of banks and other financial institutions , setting the stage for their failure .
The current plight of the economic system is the result of credit expansion and the malinvestment it engenders .
Capital in physical terms is the physical assets of business firms .
It is their plant and equipment and inventories and work in progress .
As Mises never tired of pointing out , capital goods cannot be created by credit expansion .
All that credit expansion can do is change their employment and shift them into lines where their employment results in losses .
The empty stores and idle factories around the country are very much the result of the loss of the capital squandered in malinvestment in housing .
Other Consequences of Credit Expansion
The plight of the economic system is also the result of other consequences of credit expansion , namely , the encouragement it gives to high debt and dangerous leverage .
This is the result of the fact that while credit expansion drives down market interest rates , the spending of the new and additional funds it represents serves to drive up business sales revenues and what the old classical economists called the rate of profit .
This combination makes borrowing appear highly profitable and greatly encourages it .
Individuals and business firms take on more and more debt relative to their equity .
They expect borrowing to multiply their gains .
In addition , credit expansion is responsible for many business firms operating with lower cash holdings relative to the scale of their economic activity , in many cases , dangerously low cash holdings .
Many businessmen develop the attitude , why hold cash when credit expansion makes it possible to borrow easily and profitably ?
Instead , invest the money .
" Why hold cash when credit expansion makes it possible to borrow easily and profitably ?
Instead , invest the money . "
Thus , when credit expansion finally gives way to the recognition of vast malinvestments and the accompanying loss of huge sums of capital , the economic system is also mired in debt and deficient in cash .
Thus , it is poised to fall like a house of cards , in a vast cascade of failures and bankruptcies , first and foremost , bank failures .
The Road to Recovery
The road to recovery from our economic downturn can be understood only in the light of knowledge of credit expansion and its consequences .
The nature of credit expansion and its consequences imply the nature of the cure .
The prevailing — Keynesian — view on how to recover from our downturn totally ignores credit expansion and its effects .
It believes that all that counts is " spending , " practically any kind of spending .
Just get the spending going and economic activity will follow , the Keynesians believe .
This conception of things , which underlies the support for " stimulus packages " and anything else that will increase consumer spending , is mistaken .
It rests on a fundamental misconception .
It ignores the fact that the fundamental problem is not insufficient spending , but insufficient capital due to the losses caused by malinvestment .
It ignores the further facts that credit expansion has brought about excessive debt and , however counterintuitive this may seem , insufficient cash .
Too little capital , too much debt , and not enough cash are the problems that countless business firms are facing today as a result of the credit expansion that generated the housing bubble .
Just as a reminder : the way that credit expansion brings about a situation of too little cash while itself constituting a flood of cash is that it makes it appear profitable to invest every last dollar of cash in the expectation of being able easily and profitably to borrow whatever cash may be needed .
What this discussion implies is that an essential requirement of economic recovery is that the widespread problems in the balance sheets of business firms must be fixed .
Business firms need more capital , less debt , and more cash .
When they achieve that , business confidence will be restored .
Ironically what could achieve at least less debt and more cash in the hands of business , and thus actually do some significant good is if when people received government " stimulus " money , they did not spend very much of it , or , better still , any of it at all .
To the extent that all people did with money coming from the government was pay down debt and hold more cash , they would be engaged in a process of undoing some of the major damage done by credit expansion .
They would be reducing their burden of debt and increasing their liquidity , thereby increasing their security against the threat of insolvency .
Such behavior , of course , would be regarded by Keynesians as constituting a failure of their policies , because in their eyes , all that counts is consumer spending .
The 100 - Percent Reserve
The most important single step on the road to economic recovery is the establishment of a 100 - percent reserve system against checking deposits .
Ideally , the 100 - percent reserve would be in gold .
And that 's ultimately what we should aim at , for all of the reasons Rothbard explained .
But even a 100 - percent reserve in paper would do the job of totally preventing all future credit expansion and , equally important , all declines in the money supply .
( Because the 100 - percent gold reserve standard is the long - run ideal of advocates of sound money , I cannot help but feel a sense of great satisfaction in the fact that a major step toward its achievement is what turns out to be urgently needed as a matter of sound current economic policy . )
In the simplest terms , to establish a 100 - percent - reserve system in terms of paper , the government would simply print up enough additional paper currency so that when added to the paper currency the banks already have , every last dollar of their checking deposits would be covered by such currency .
( Strictly speaking , a significant part , and for some months now the far greater part , of the reserves of the banks are not in actual currency but in checking deposits with the Federal Reserve .
For the sake of simplicity , however , we can think of the checking deposits held by the banks with the Federal Reserve as a denomination of currency , since , for the banks , they are fully as interchangeable with currency as $ 50 bills are with $ 100 bills and vice versa . )
To illustrate the process of achieving a 100 - percent reserve , imagine that total checking deposits are $ 3 trillion .
In that case , the Fed would give the banks new and additional reserves that when added to their existing reserves would bring them up to $ 3 trillion .
Through various programs , such as purchasing bad assets , the Fed has in fact already brought the total reserves of the banks up to over a trillion dollars , but almost all of those reserves , as we 've seen , are excess reserves , a ready foundation for a massive new credit expansion , since excess reserves can be lent out .
What my example implies is adding to the $ 1.1 trillion of reserves the banking system now has , a further $ 1.9 trillion and making all $ 3 trillion of reserves required reserves .
This would mean that the banks could not engage in any lending of these reserves and thus would be unable to finance credit expansion or any increase in the supply of checking deposits on the strength of them .
The money supply in the hands of the public and spendable in the economic system would thus not be increased .
That would happen only if and to the extent that the 100 - percent reserve principle were breached .
Under a 100 - percent reserve , checking depositors could simultaneously all demand their full balances in cash and the banks would be able to pay them all .
Depositors ' demand for cash would not create a problem and no amount of losses by the banks on their loans and investments would prevent them from honoring their checking deposits immediately and in full .
Thus the checking deposit component of the money supply could not fall and nor , of course could its other component , which is the paper money in the hands of the public , usually described as the currency component .
Thus , there could simply be no deflation of the money supply .
And , as I 've said , because all reserves would be required reserves , there would simply be no reserves whatever available for lending out , and thus no credit expansion whatever .
The expression " killing two birds with one stone " could not have a better application .
" The most important single step on the road to economic recovery is the establishment of a 100 - percent reserve system against checking deposits . "
In a addition , a significant byproduct of a 100 - percent reserve system would be that the FDIC would no longer serve any purpose and thus could be abolished .
Now an essential prerequisite of the 100 - percent reserve is knowing the size of checking deposits , so that it will be known how much the 100 - percent reserve needs to cover .
At present , when one allows for such things as " sweep accounts , " money - market mutual funds , and money - market deposit accounts , the magnitude to which the 100 - percent reserve would apply can plausibly be argued to range from about $ 1.5 trillion to $ 8 trillion .
It is very solidly $ 1.5 trillion , but does in fact range up to $ 8 trillion in that checks can be written on the additional sums involved , at least from time to time and for some large minimum amount .
To clearly establish the magnitude of checking deposits , bank depositors should be asked if their intention is to hold money in the bank , ready for their immediate use and transfer to others , or to lend money to the bank .
In the first case , their funds would be in a checking account , against which the bank would have to hold a 100 - percent reserve .
In the second case , their funds would be in a savings account , against which the bank could hold whatever lesser reserve it considered necessary .
In this case , the bank 's customers could not spend the funds they had deposited until they withdrew them from the bank .
As I 've said , the long - run goal in connection with the 100 - percent reserve would be ultimately to convert it to a 100 - percent gold reserve system .
At that time , following the ideas of Rothbard further , the gold reserve of the Fed would be priced high enough to equal the currency and checking deposits of the country and be physically turned over to the individual citizens and the banks in exchange for all outstanding Federal Reserve money .
The Fed would then be abolished .
But this is a distinct and much later step in pro-free - market reform .
The 100 - Percent Reserve and New Bank Capital
It should be realized that a major consequence of the establishment of a 100 - percent - reserve system could be a corresponding enlargement of the capital of the banking system and thus an ability to cover even very great losses and thereby avoid such things as government bank bailouts and takeovers .
Consider the balance sheet of an imaginary bank .
It 's got checking deposit liabilities of $ 100 .
Initially , it has assets of $ 105 , which implies that on the liabilities side of its balance sheet it has capital of $ 5 in addition to its checking deposit liabilities of $ 100 .
Now unfortunately , malinvestment has resulted in a loss of $ 20 in the banks ' assets , in the part of its assets consisting of loans and investments .
As a result , its total assets are reduced from $ 105 to $ 85 and its capital is completely wiped out and becomes negative in the amount of $ 15 .
However , on its asset side the bank still has some cash reserve , say , $ 10 .
If $ 90 of new and additional reserves were added to these $ 10 , to bring the bank 's reserves up to 100 - percent equality with its checking deposits , the bank 's asset total would also be increased by $ 90 .
This $ 90 increase on the bank 's asset side would have to be matched by a $ 90 increase on its liabilities side , specifically by a $ 90 increase in its capital .
Its capital would go from minus $ 15 to plus $ 75 .
Applying this to the banking system as a whole in transitioning to a 100 - percent reserve , we can see that the creation of such a vast amount of new bank capital would be entailed as easily to overcome whatever losses the banks might have suffered in their loans and investments .
As explained , if checking deposits were $ 3 trillion , the Fed would give the banks new and additional reserves that when added to their existing reserves would bring them up to $ 3 trillion .
If this had been done in September of 2008 , bringing reserves up to $ 3 trillion would have required adding $ 2.955 trillion of new and additional reserves to the $ 45 billion or so of reserves the banks already had .
This vast addition on the asset side of the banks ' balance sheets would have implied an equivalent addition to the banks ' capital on the liabilities side .
No matter how bad the banks ' assets were , I think it 's virtually certain that an additional sum of this size would have been far more than sufficient to cover all the losses that the banks had incurred in their bad loans and investments .
Their capital would have ended up being increased to the extent that the additional reserves exceeded the losses in assets under the head of loans and investments .
The government 's bailout program of stock purchases in the banks would have been avoided , along with all of its subsequent interference in matters of bank management .
Now , as we 've seen , in fact the Fed has already supplied a vast amount of reserves , about $ 1.1 trillion , to the banks through various programs , such as purchasing bad assets .
If the 100 - percent reserve principle were adopted now , many or most of those assets could be taken back , and the programs that created them cancelled .
Thus , what I 've shown here is how transitioning to a 100 - percent reserve would guarantee the prevention both of new credit expansion and of deflation of the money supply .
It could also provide additional capital to the banking system on a scale almost certainly far more than sufficient to place it on a financially sound footing .
To avoid what would otherwise likely be an excessive windfall to the banks , it would be possible to match a more or less considerable part of the increase in their assets provided by the creation of additional reserves , with the creation of a liability of the banks to their depositors , perhaps in the form of some kind of mutual - fund accounts .
Thus , the newly created reserves might provide a financial benefit to the banks ' depositors as well as to the banks .
Toward Gold
Of course , a 100 - percent reserve system in which the reserves are fiat money does not address the problem of preventing inflation of the fiat money .
It would still be possible for the government to inflate the fiat money without restraint .
That is why it is necessary to have gold in the monetary system , serving as a restraint on the amount of currency and reserves .
Thus , an important ancillary measure in connection with the transition to a 100 - percent paper - reserve system would be for the government to demonstrate a serious intent to move to a gold standard .
Obliging the Federal Reserve to carry out a program of regular and substantial gold bullion purchases might accomplish this .
In any event , it would be an essential prerequisite for someday achieving gold reserves sufficient to make possible the establishment of a 100 - percent - reserve gold system .
Along the way , this measure should lead to the day when purchases of gold bullion were the only source of increases in the supply of currency and reserves .
Establishing the Freedom of Wage Rates to Fall
Along with stabilizing the financial system through the adoption of a 100 - pecent reserve , it 's absolutely essential to establish the freedom of wage rates and prices to fall .
This is what is required to eliminate mass unemployment .
Whatever the level of spending in the economic system may be , it is sufficient to buy as much additional labor and products as is required for everyone to be employed and producing as much as he can .
Nothing could be more obvious if one thinks about it .
Assume , as is the case today , that there is 10 percent unemployment , with only 9 workers working for every 10 who are able and willing to work .
The same total expenditure of money that today employs only 9 workers would be able to employ 10 workers , if the average wage per worker were 10 percent less .
At nine - tenths the wage , the same total amount of wages is sufficient to employ ten - ninths the number of workers .
It 's a question of simple arithmetic : 1 divided by 9/10 equals 10/9 .
( Obviously , this is an overall , average result .
In reality , some wage rates would need to fall by less than 10 percent and others by more than 10 percent . )
Of course , total wage payments are not fixed in stone .
They can change .
And in response to a fall in wage rates to their equilibrium level , to eliminate mass unemployment , they would increase .
This is because prior to their fall , investment expenditures have been postponed , awaiting their fall .
Once that fall occurs , those investment expenditures take place .
Finally , with debt levels sufficiently reduced and cash holdings sufficiently high , and thus business confidence restored , there is no reason to believe that a fall in wage rates could abort the process of recovery as the result of already employed workers earning less and thus spending less before new and additional workers were hired .
The cash reserves and financial strength of business firms would enable them easily to ride out any such situation .
And thus mass unemployment would simply be eliminated .
What stops wage rates from falling , what makes it actually illegal for them to fall , and which thus perpetuates mass unemployment , is the underlying pervasive influence of the Marxian exploitation theory .
That doctrine is responsible for the existence of such things as minimum - wage laws and coercive labor unions and their above - market wage scales .
The most important fundamental requirement for achieving a free market in labor is the total refutation of the exploitation theory and its complete discrediting in public opinion .
Such a refutation will show that it is not government and labor unions that raise real wages but businessmen and capitalists , and that essentially , all that unions do is cause unemployment and a lower productivity of labor and thus prices that are higher relative to wage rates .
This knowledge is what is required to make possible the repeal of minimum - wage and pro-union legislation and thus achieve the fall in wage rates that will eliminate mass unemployment
Summary
In summation , my pro-free - market program for economic recovery is a provisional 100 - percent - paper - money - reserve system applied to checking deposits , accompanied by a demonstrable commitment to ultimately achieving a 100 - percent - gold reserve system .
The 100 - percent reserve in paper would put an end to all further credit expansion and at the same time make the money supply incapable of being deflated .
Its establishment would also greatly increase the capital of the banking system .
It would do so by more than enough to cover all the losses on loans and investments incurred in the aftermath of the collapse of the housing bubble and thus make possible the elimination of government ownership of common stock in banks and its interference in bank management .
What it would not do is control the increase in paper currency and paper - currency reserves .
That will require a 100 - percent gold reserve system .
Finally , the freedom of wage rates and prices to fall must be established through the repeal of pro-union and minimum - wage legislation , and more fundamentally , the education of the public concerning the errors of the Marxian exploitation theory and their replacement with actual knowledge of what determines wages and the general standard of living .
To say the least , this will certainly not be an easy agenda to follow , inasmuch as it must begin in the midst of a Marxist occupation of our nation 's capital .
Thank you .
If we time the flight , we can then apply some ballpark approximations to determine whether the trajectory we see in the video conforms to that flight time .
Using our stopwatch we observe that the ball is in the air for 3.8 seconds before passing through the basket .
The horizontal distance to the basket from the launch point is approximately 50 meters , and the launch angle θ is about 20 degrees .
Let 's use what we know about projectile motion .
We know for a projectile that the horizontal motion is independent of the vertical motion , and that in the absence of significant air friction the horizontal velocity is constant .
We also know that along the vertical axis , a projectile has a constant downward acceleration due to gravity 9.8 m/s2 .
Looking at the horizontal part of the motion and accounting for the launch angle we can then determine the initial speed ( v0 ) of the basketball necessary to cover the horizontal distance in 3.8 seconds .
We get
Δx = vhorizontal t = v0cosθt
and therefore v0 = Δx/ cosθt = 50 m /[ cos 20 ( 3.8 s ) ] = 14 m/s
Now if we look at the vertical part of the motion we can determine how far the ball would drop in 3.8 seconds .
We 'll then compare our theoretical result to the actual vertical distance from the third deck down to the basket that we observe in the video .
( We estimate that drop to be similar to the horizontal distance of about 50 meters . )
Therefore , based on the time of flight and the initial velocity that we determined above we calculate a vertical drop of
Δy = v0vertical t + ½ at 2 = v0 sin t -- ½ gt 2 = 14m/s( sin 20 ) ( 3.8 s ) -- ½ ( - 9.8m/s 2 ) ( 3.8 ) 2 = - 53 m
Well , this corresponds pretty well to what we see in the video .
Even accounting for the effects of air resistance ( which we did not address above to keep things simple ) the result is n't altered drastically .
The motion recorded in the video ( in what appears to be a continuous frame ) certainly appears possible according to the laws of physics .
Now whether or not this was done in a single take is another matter !
Adam Weiner is the author of Do n't Try This at Home !
The Physics of Hollywood Movies .
Over the past few years , there has been a drip - drip of artists defending old men who abuse their power over young boys and girls for sexual pleasure .
It ranges from Alan Bennett 's claim that a teacher who gropes his pupils can be the real child or true innocent , to the widespread assertion in Hollywood that when a 44 year old man drugs and anally rapes a 13 year - old girl , it is not " rape - rape " .
Indeed , Gore Vidal says the victim is " a young hooker " .
Yet there is , largely , silence in response – and I realise I too have held off from writing this column several times .
Why ?
Talking about this requires me to criticise some artists whose work I love , and it forces me to remember a period of my life I 've tried hard to forget .
But when I saw Alan Bennett 's new play The Habit of Art at the National Theatre , I felt somebody had to say this .
I have no problem with artists sympathetically depicting the inner lives of paedophiles and pederasts ; indeed , it can be a good thing .
Every human being should be understood , and to understand is not to excuse .
We should , for example , know that 70 per cent of child abusers have themselves been abused as children : it tempers the paedophile - bashing lynch mob , and forces us to look for humane solutions .
It also helps avoid bad legislation like Megan 's Law , which – by driving released offenders away from their families and friends and sending them into isolation – actually increases the number of children who are abused .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What I object to is not the compassionate depiction of these men , but the claim that the victims are unharmed , or even enjoy it .
This suggestion has featured in the work of several writers I normally admire .
In Bennett 's previous play The History Boys , a 50 - something teacher called Hector routinely gropes his 17 - year - old pupils ' genitals – and they react either with flattered amusement , or by longing to be the next to be groped .
The headmaster who objects is depicted as a prejudiced buffoon .
The most sympathetic boy in the class – Posner – also grows up to be a pederast himself , who finds it hard to resist groping his pupils .
In interviews , Bennett makes it clear he is on Hector 's side , saying : " I 've been criticised for not taking this seriously enough .
I 'm afraid I do n't take that very seriously if they 're 17 or 18 .
I think they are actually much wiser than Hector .
Hector is the child , not them . "
He added that good teaching is inherently " erotic " .
In his new play , Bennett takes this analysis further .
Benjamin Britten , the composer , is one of the main characters .
He was sexually attracted to young boys – 13 was his perfect age – and throughout his life he picked out choirboys , gave them a special role in performing his music , and lavished adoration on them .
According to the book Britten 's Children , he appeared naked before them , snuggled with them in bed , although he did n't actually have sex with them .
As with Michael Jackson , the parents seemed to know what was going on , and acquiesce .
Yet Bennett , in his introduction to the play , expresses only one problem with this .
" A boy whose voice suddenly broke could find himself no longer invited ... which would seem potentially far more damaging to a child 's psychology than too much attention . "
He also spares a thought for the " fat boys and ugly boys " who were never admitted to this sanctum .
This analysis also underpins Stephen Fry 's play Latin ! , which was published in 1992 .
It is set in a prep school where the central character , Dominic Clarke , is a teacher who " carnally violates " a 13 - year - old orphan in ways one character says are " too vile , too diverse , for the sane mind to grasp . "
Fry distills the tragic psychology of paedophiles with his usual brilliance .
Dominic says : " When I was a boy , I thought , slept and played like a boy .
Then nature began to drop hints about a change in status : a cracking voice , hairs about the buttocks , acne ... I never asked to be a man .
I never wanted to be man .
I want to be a boy .
If when nature starts thrusting pimples and hairs through the skin , a boy could be kept from school and the world of men and just carry on behaving as a boy , then perhaps nature would give up and the pimples and hairs would recede .
The permanent boy could be found . "
This is precisely how the paedophiles I have interviewed in prison viewed themselves .
And is n't it a description of what Michael Jackson tried to do ?
When seclusion did n't work , he turned to the surgeons to create the permanent boy .
But the play has a nasty sting .
Dominic runs away with the 13 year old to live in Morocco .
They write back to explain that there , young boys and men can live together as sexual partners .
The school 's pupils , en masse , demand to be allowed to live in Morocco .
The plain implication is that these 13 - year - olds were also longing to be abused by older men .
I know Bennett and Fry are wrong , because when I was a teenager , I was subjected to the persistent sexual advances of an older man in a position of authority over me .
I managed to escape the situation without being abused , but I know other boys did not .
There can indeed be an initial element of being flattered , or even excited – but it is also married to feelings of fear and revulsion that somebody who is supposed to have offered safety is offering danger .
The adolescent is not in a position to make an informed choice .
It is healthy for adolescents to explore their sexualities among themselves – but when an adult intrudes into this process , it can damage their sexual development with consequences for the rest of their lives .
I 'm not interested in launching a hysterical attack on Bennett and Fry .
I would like to appeal to their empathy – a quality they have demonstrated in so much of their work – and urge them to direct it not just towards Hector and Dominic , but also to their victims .
This can be a difficult topic to raise because the vilest slur against gay people has long been that we are closet paedophiles .
The defence of Polanski showed there are plenty of straight people prepared to make excuses for abusing young girls , just as there are – alas – some gay people prepared to make excuses for abusing young boys .
Yet this prejudice still crops up : recently , Richard Littlejohn accused Peter Mandelson of wanting to live on " the Rue Des Jeunes Garcons " .
It is , of course , nonsense : Mandelson is no more likely to want to have sex with a young boy than Littlejohn to have sex with a young girl .
But let 's look back towards Britten .
Or indeed to Oscar Wilde , who would ( rightly ) still be imprisoned today for having paying to have sex with very poor underage teenagers .
Did the violent suppression of homosexuality perhaps have a deforming effect on their sexualities ?
When they were 12 or 13 , they had a fleeting moment when they could explore their sexualities with other boys without shame – but it quickly slammed shut as they realised this behaviour was deemed immoral .
Is this why they seemed to keep returning to 13 year olds in their fantasies as representing an idealised time of sexual freedom ?
The taboos protecting young people from sexual abuse took a long time to build up .
They have to be protected from erosion , because Alan Bennett is terribly wrong – the " real children " are never old men who want to cop a feel of adolescents .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Welcome to Downsizer , a repository for some stuff that we know about things .
There 's quite an archive of articles and you may also like to join the forum if you 've got specific questions about the sort of stuff that we cover .
If you do use anything that you find on here elsewhere then a link or credit would be appreciated .
Both Intel and Numonyx have been talking up phase change memory for years now , but for some reason , we 're slightly more inclined to believe that the latest breakthrough is actually one that 'll matter to consumers .
In a joint release , the two have announced a new non-volatile memory technology that supposedly " paves the way for scalable , higher density phase change memory products . "
Put as simply as possible , researchers have been testing a 64 Mb chip that " enables the ability to stack , or place , multiple layers of PCM arrays within a single die , " and the two are calling the discovery PCMS ( phase change memory and switch ) .
We know , you 're drowning in technobabble here , but if these two can really apply Moore 's Law to density scaling , you 'll be thanking 'em as you pick up your $ 50 6TB hard drive in 2014 .
It was over a year ago that I wrote about the “ Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ” ( ACTA ) , a new global standard for the enforcement of intellectual monopolies currently being discussed by representatives of the United States , the European Commission , Japan , Switzerland , Canada , Australia , Korea , Mexico and New Zealand .
Since then , the secret negotiations have been continuing , and the threats it poses to the Internet as we know it grow ever larger .
That was starkly demonstrated recently when Michael Geist managed to get hold of details about the hitherto - mysterious section of ACTA dealing directly with the Internet .
Here are its main provisions :
1. Baseline obligations inspired by Article 41 of the TRIPs which focuses on the enforcement of intellectual property .
2 . A requirement to establish third - party liability for copyright infringement .
3. Restrictions on limitations to 3rd party liability ( ie. limited safe harbour rules for ISPs ) .
For example , in order for ISPs to qualify for a safe harbour , they would be required establish policies to deter unauthorized storage and transmission of IP infringing content .
Provisions are modeled under the U.S. - Korea Free Trade Agreement , namely Article 18.10.30 .
They include policies to terminate subscribers in appropriate circumstances .
Notice - and - takedown , which is not currently the law in Canada nor a requirement under WIPO , would also be an ACTA requirement .
4. Anti-circumvention legislation that establishes a WIPO + model by adopting both the WIPO Internet Treaties and the language currently found in U.S. free trade agreements that go beyond the WIPO treaty requirements .
For example , the U.S. - South Korea free trade agreement specifies the permitted exceptions to anti-circumvention rules .
These follow the DMCA model ( reverse engineering , computer testing , privacy , etc. ) and do not include a fair use / fair dealing exception .
Moreover , the free trade agreement clauses also include a requirement to ban the distribution of circumvention devices .
The current draft does not include any obligation to ensure interoperability of DRM .
5. Rights Management provisions , also modeled on U.S. free trade treaty language .
The second of these means that ISPs would become liable for copyright infringement committed by their users .
The idea here is to force them to become copyright cops if they want to survive , and to shift the onus onto them for the policing of all digital content – a massive win for the media industries , which have hitherto shown themselves totally inept when it comes to trying to do the same .
Section three basically mandates the introduction of the infamous “ three strikes and you 're out ” disconnection policy that has been adopted by France , and is being considered in the UK .
Note that it 's enough for the content companies to * accuse * you of downloading copyright material three times for your connection to be cut off .
Moreover , it does n't matter who in a family may or may not have done the downloading : the connection is cut off for * everyone * .
Section four brings in DMCA - like anti-circumvention provisions that make it illegal for anyone under almost all circumstances to try to get around DRM on content .
Some have downplayed the importance of these revelations , pointing out that many of the proposals are already law in some jurisdictions such as the UK and US .
But that misses the point : ACTA is about * exporting * the worst aspects of existing copyright legislation to those major economies around the world where they are not yet implemented .
It 's the classic ratchet effect that always moves legislation in a direction favourable to the content industries , and never sees corresponding moves in favour of consumers .
The other troubling aspect of ACTA is that the negotiations are * still * being held behind closed doors , despite growing recognition that transparency is indispensable if the end - result is to have any legitimacy with those of use outside that process .
The nominal , and totally feeble , justification for this secrecy is the old catch - all “ security ” .
But as the leaked documents have made clear , ACTA has nothing to do with * national * security , but is all about giving the content industry security that they can continue to impose their broken analogue business models on a changing , digital world .
Indeed , it is clear from a recent European Commission document , obtained this time by the indispensable Wikileaks , that the US media companies , though their proxy , the US government , are the main driving - force behind the section on the Internet ( and probably in the rest of the treaty , too ) .
It 's really rather pathetic :
This is to inform [ Member States of the EU ] about the state - of - play of the internet enforcement chapter that should be discussed at the next ACTA negotiating round in Seoul , Korea .
On 22 - 24 September , DG Trade participated in the EU - US IPR Working Group , which took place in Washington .
In a side meeting with the USTR ( US lead negotiators on ACTA ) , at their request , the US colleagues informed us about the progress in the preparation of a draft text of the future Internet Chapter of ACTA .
US reported that they have been working on a draft text since the end of the 5th round ( end of July ) and that this was basically finalised .
However , they are still involved in internal consultations with other government agencies and a number of private stakeholders ( bound to strict confidentiality clauses ) , therefore they were not willing to share with COM ( or even to show us ) the text at this stage .
USTR indicated that these internal discussions were sensitive due to different points of view regarding the internet chapter both within the Administration , with Congress and among stakeholders ( content providers on one side , supporters of internet " freedom " on the other ) .
That is , the US is n't even sharing with its ACTA partners the “ basically finalised ” draft of the Internet chapter .
Why ?
Because of “ internal consultations ” with “ a number of private stakeholders ” , who are essentially calling the shots – or at least , some of them : the scare quotes around the word “ freedom ” makes plain the attitude of the ACTA crowd to people who dare to stand up for Internet end users ' rights in opposition to the commercial interests of the copyright crowd .
The only ones that really count are representatives from the media industries , who are among the very few being granted access to ACTA documents , and being allowed to influence their drafting .
The real reason these discussions are being held in secret is not “ security ” but because the outcry over them would be much greater were the proposals out in the open .
It 's a blatant attempt to slip hugely - damaging clauses into the treaty without the little people like you and me noticing until it 's too late .
Fortunately , the leaks linked to above have given us a last chance to kick up a fuss before these negotiations are concluded .
If we do n't , then the powers - that - be will certainly take it as a sign that nobody really cares anyway , and that they can just satisfy the demands of their media chums .
Assuming you do n't want the Internet to become a sterile wasteland of locked - down content , with threats of Internet disconnection hanging over entire families for any alleged infringement , you might want to spread the word in any way you can ( emails , blogs , tweets , dents , word of mouth ) so that more people know about ACTA , and more people start to react .
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca .
Pentacene as you ’ve never seen it before ( Image : IBM and Science )
Thanks to specialised microscopes , we have long been able to see the beauty of single atoms .
But strange though it might seem , imaging larger molecules at the same level of detail has not been possible – atoms are robust enough to withstand existing tools , but the structures of molecules are not .
Now researchers at IBM have come up with a way to do it .
The earliest pictures of individual atoms were captured in the 1970s by blasting a target – typically a chunk of metal – with a beam of electrons , a technique known as transmission electron microscopy ( TEM ) .
Later refinements of this technique , such as the TEAM project at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California achieved resolutions of less than the radius of a single hydrogen atom .
But while this method works for atoms in a lattice or thin layer , the electron bombardment destroys the arrangement of atoms in molecules .
Advertisement
Other techniques use a tiny stylus - like scanning probe to explore the atom - scale world .
One method uses such a probe to measure the charge density associated with individual atoms – a technique called scanning tunnelling microscopy ( STM ) .
Another , called atomic force microscopy ( AFM ) , measures the attractive force between atoms in the probe and the target .
The image is created by bumping the probe over the atoms of the molecule – much in the way we might feel our way around in a dark bedroom .
Both methods build up a picture of a target ’s surface and should be suitable for imaging individual molecules .
But they have not been able to approach the detail of TEM .
Sticky problem
Leo Gross and his colleagues at IBM in Zurich , Switzerland , modified the AFM technique to make the most detailed image yet of pentacene , an organic molecule consisting of five benzene rings ( see picture ) .
The molecule is very fragile , but the researchers were able to capture the details of the hexagonal carbon rings and deduce the positions of the surrounding hydrogen atoms .
One key breakthrough was finding a way to stop the microscope ’s tip from sticking to the fragile pentacene molecule because of attraction due to electrostatic and van der Waals forces – van der Waals is a weak force that operates only at an intermolecular level .
The team achieved this by fixing a single carbon monoxide molecule to the end of the probe so that only one atom of relatively inactive oxygen came into contact with the pentacene .
Although van der Waals force attracted the tip to its target , a quantum - mechanical effect called the Pauli exclusion principle pushed back .
This happens because electrons in the same quantum state cannot approach each other too closely .
As the electrons around the pentacene and carbon monoxide molecules are in the same state , a small repulsive force operates between them .
Repulsive pictures
The researchers measured the repulsive force the probe encountered at each point , and from this they could construct a “ force map ” of the molecule .
The level of detail available depends on the size of the probe : the smaller the tip , the better the picture .
The image is “ astonishing ” , says Oscar Custance of Japan ’s National Institute for Materials Science in Tsukuba .
In 2007 , his team used AFM to distinguish individual atoms on a silicon surface , but he acknowledges that the IBM team has surpassed this achievement .
“ This is the highest resolution I have ever seen , ” he says .
The IBM researchers believe their technique may open the door to super - powerful computers whose components are built with precisely positioned atoms and molecules .
The work may also provide insights into the actions of catalysts in reactions , allowing researchers to understand what is happening at the atomic level , says Gross .
Journal reference : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1176210
Illustration by Jac Depczyk
THE term “ bargain basement ” was supposedly coined to describe the first outlet of Filene 's Basement , an American discount shopping chain whose bags scream “ I just got a bargain ! ” in large red letters .
Those bags celebrate a feeling most shoppers will be familiar with : the pleasure of having bought something for less than they were willing to pay .
This difference between the price paid and the most a buyer would have agreed to shell out is known as “ consumer surplus ” and is the part of the overall economic benefit from any trade that the buyer gets .
The rest of the surplus from a trade goes to the seller .
To maximise his share of the economic surplus , a merchant wants to sell to each customer at a price as close as possible to the most that client would be willing to pay .
Naturally this is impossible if everyone is charged the same price .
Buyers who would have been willing to pay more get a big chunk of the surplus , leaving less for the seller .
In addition those willing to pay less than the uniform price are simply left out , even though they may be willing to pay enough to allow costs to be covered .
Lowering the price enough to attract them would reduce the amount that customers who value the product more could be charged , reducing overall profit .
Where possible , the solution is to tailor prices to people 's willingness to pay or price - sensitivity , much as vendors in street markets do when they offer naive tourists a higher price than seasoned locals .
Most of the time it is hard to know how much people value things .
But sellers can still encourage people to sort themselves into groups which can be charged different prices .
Those who are particularly keen to get their hands on a copy of a new book , for instance , may be willing to pay a higher price for it , which may explain the persistence of expensive hardbacks .
The logic behind cheaper student editions is similar .
These tactics and others , like selling things in bundles rather than individually , all exploit differences in people 's sensitivity to price .
They ought to be better for sellers ( and possibly for some customers too ) than a uniform price .
So many found Apple 's initial pricing strategy on iTunes , its popular online music - store , perplexing .
Until April this year , when it switched to a multi-tiered pricing system , every song available on iTunes cost a uniform 99 cents in America , 79 pence in Britain and so forth .
This had the benefit of simplicity .
But it seemed likely that other ways to price music online would be more profitable .
Knowing how sellers and buyers would act under different pricing schemes requires information about how those who buy music online value different songs .
New research * by Ben Shiller and Joel Waldfogel , two economists at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton business school , tries to answer this question .
In January 2008 the researchers presented nearly 500 undergraduate students at Wharton with clips of the 50 most popular songs on iTunes earlier that month .
Having listened to each clip , the students were then asked to write down the most they would be willing to pay to download the song in question .
Data on more than 23,000 song valuations resulted , allowing the professors to get a sense of the actual demand curves for popular songs .
Similar data were also collected in January this year , though this time some older and less popular tracks were also included .
The exercises showed that even a uniform price per song that maximised revenue among the students was quite high — $ 2.30 in 2008 and $ 1.46 in 2009 .
Wharton students may be particularly fond of music , but it is also possible that the market would sustain a higher uniform price than 99 cents .
More important , knowing the uniform price that maximised revenue also allowed the authors to evaluate other ways to price online music .
One alternative is song - specific pricing , much favoured by record companies .
( Apple has already moved a bit in this direction with its multi-tier system . )
But the research suggested that this would increase profits by a mere 3 % .
Part of the problem was that people who valued one song highly also tended to place a high value on others .
This implies that person - specific , rather than song - specific , pricing would be more efficient .
But sellers ' data are not refined enough to set different prices for different people .
People may resent such pricing anyway , so it could harm sellers ' brands .
Crude profiling — by race or sex , say — would be illegal .
In any case , the authors found that basic demographic information did not tell them much about musical tastes .
Rhythm ' n ' choose
Charging an “ entry fee ” for use of the service and then a small , fixed per-song cost for downloads turned out to benefit both the seller and the buyer .
The most revenue , according to the 2009 survey data , would be generated by charging the students $ 21.19 for entry and 37 cents a song .
This could raise the producer surplus by 30 % compared with uniform pricing .
Consumer surplus would also rise in this instance , because some people would buy songs they would have not have done at a higher uniform price .
Spotify , a rival to iTunes , has a model somewhat like this for its premium service , where it charges a monthly fee for songs without limit .
Selling several songs together in a bundle ( much like an album ) had almost identical results .
The authors reckon that there is a range of prices for bundles that would make both buyers and sellers better off than a single price per song .
For example , charging $ 16.95 for all 50 songs studied ( which would have cost $ 49.50 to download ) would leave profit unchanged because enough people would buy .
But it would increase consumer surplus by around 50 % by attracting new buyers .
The costs of implementing pricing schemes go up with their complexity .
But it should be possible to set prices that both increase profits and leave at least some music - lovers with the thrill of a bargain .
* “ Music for a Song : An Empirical Look at Uniform Song Pricing and its Alternatives ” , by Ben Shiller and Joel Waldfogel .
NBER Working Paper 15390 , 2009
When fall comes and plants begin to prepare for the long winter , the chlorophyll in their leaves is broken down .
This is probably the most dramatic example of the general process known as senescence , a form of programmed cell death that deciduous plants use to divert nutrients to areas of active growth or to store them in anticipation of a resource - intensive task like seed production .
( Programmed cell death is also a normal component of human development , where it 's called apoptosis ) .
Now , researchers have found that it may be possible to track the process of senescence by taking advantage of the fact that , in some species , one chlorophyll breakdown product is fluorescent .
In fruits , the release of ethylene , a gaseous hormone derived from the amino acid methionine , triggers the process of aging , or , as it ’s more commonly referred to , ripening .
As in senescent leaves , the chlorophylls in ripe fruits are degraded into colorless end products , known as nonfluorescent chlorophyll catabolites ( NCCs ) , through a series of reactions .
At the same time , enzymes in the fruits begin to hydrolyze starch and pectin , making them softer and sweeter and , thus , more appealing to hungry animals ( like humans ) .
For a while , scientists believed that chlorophyll catabolism followed a similar trajectory in most plants and fruits .
Recently , however , a team of researchers led by Simone Moser of the University of Innsbruck in Austria discovered a unique class of catabolites in banana peels , called fluorescent chlorophyll catabolites ( FCCs ) , which glowed blue when exposed to ultraviolet ( UV ) light .
In follow - up work , they have now demonstrated that FCCs act as in vivo markers for sections of the peel that are undergoing rapid senescence , allowing the researchers to closely track the ripening process .
More importantly , the discovery of these catabolites suggests that there may be more than one path of chlorophyll breakdown in fruits and , perhaps , in some plants .
Their findings are detailed in PNAS .
To identify the FCCs , the group analyzed extracts of peels taken from the regions surrounding ripe , dark spots using high performance liquid chromatography ( HPLC ) , which separates the constituents of a mixture .
The major component , Mc - FCC - 49 ( a hypermodified , polar molecule ) , was highly abundant in the luminescent areas around the spots while two less polar compounds , Mc - FCC - 56 and Mc - FCC - 53 , were found in large amounts in extracts of whole banana peels .
In general , as the dark spots on the peel began to accumulate , Mc - FCC - 49 becomes more common while Mc - FCC - 53 , the main FCC of ripening bananas , becomes scarcer .
The appearance of Mc - FCC - 49 thus marked the transition of " ripe " bananas to " rotten " ones , according to the authors .
An analysis of the fluorescence spectra of the glowing rings showed a maximum around 445 nm , the blue region of the visible spectrum , which was the result of high concentrations of Mc - FCC - 49 collecting in the areas surrounding the spots .
They then tracked the spread of a dark spot with a 24 - hour fluorescence analysis to determine how the intensity of the luminescence fluctuated over time .
At first , the intensity of the luminescence in the ring increased sharply as that from within the dark spot continuously decreased .
By the end of the 24 - hour period , however , the ring had lost most of its luminescence .
Image credit : Enlarged images of areas of a dark spot and its surroundings showing hypermodified FCCsImage credit : PNAS
Further analyses by scanning electron microscopy ( SEM ) revealed that the stomata , tiny pores found on the surface of plants that enable gas exchange , were still active in the intact peels of the ripening bananas .
Since the dark spots first began to appear in areas surrounding the stomata , the authors were able to study the luminescent rings at a cellular level .
While the cells within the spots were dead and shrunken , those found within the rings were still alive , though close to death .
FCCs , which appear in many forms in a variety of plant tissues , could play a similar role in indicating the progression of senescence elsewhere .
For instance , a polar FCC with an almost identical structure to one found in extracts from banana leaves was recently identified in the Peace Lily , a distant relative of the banana , where it is thought to be the main chlorophyll catabolite .
This study expands significantly on the researchers ' previous work by showing that the intensity of the blue luminescence produced by the FCCs could be used to track senescence in vivo in a variety of plants .
The discovery and further study of FCCs in other plants could shed light on aging and other mysterious processes related to cell death .
On a more practical level , FCCs could act as molecular trackers for ripening , making it easier to determine whether a piece of fruit is just right or too ripe .
PNAS , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0908060106
Listing image by PNAS
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The bodies of six UK soldiers - five of whom were shot by a " rogue " Afghan policeman - have passed through the streets of Wootton Bassett in Wilts .
Guardsman Jimmy Major , Warrant Officer Darren Chant , Sgt Matthew Telford , Cpl Steven Boote and Cpl Nicholas Webster - Smith died in last Tuesday 's incident .
The coffins arrived at nearby RAF Lyneham , along with that of Sjt Phillip Scott , who died in a blast on Thursday .
A private chapel ceremony for families took place at the RAF base .
Hundreds of people lined the streets to pay silent respects , as has become customary when fallen service personnel are returned .
AT THE SCENE Paul Deal , BBC News A grey mist hung over the market town of Wootton Bassett and seemed to match the mood of the hundreds of people huddled against the November chill and drizzle beneath umbrellas .
The veterans who make up the town 's 114 - strong branch of the Royal British Legion could have been excused if they had stayed at home by the fire on such a miserable afternoon .
But they had a solemn duty to perform - to salute the latest victims of the conflict in Afghanistan on their final journey .
It was three members of the Legion who saw a hearse pass through the town without ceremony a couple of years back .
The branch decided that the return of the nation 's fallen service people should be solemnly marked .
Today , the 98th such repatriation is taking place .
People have come from across the country , old soldiers and civilians alike , shocked and saddened by the circumstances of the men 's deaths .
Wootton Bassett sheds tears Meanwhile , a senior army commander has said mentoring Afghan police is the " right strategy " .
Six other British personnel and two Afghan police officers were injured when the five men were shot dead at a national police checkpoint in the Nad Ali district of Helmand province .
The gunman fled the compound afterwards and remains at large .
WO1 Chant , 40 , from east London ; Sgt Telford , 37 , from Grimsby , Lincolnshire ; and Guardsman Major , 18 , from Cleethorpes , Lincolnshire , were from the Grenadier Guards .
Territorial Army volunteer Cpl Boote , 22 , from Birkenhead , Merseyside , and Cpl Webster - Smith , 24 , of Brackley , Northamptonshire - formerly of Pembrokeshire - were from the Royal Military Police .
Sjt Scott , 30 , of 3 Battalion The Rifles , was born in Malton , North Yorkshire , and lived in Edinburgh .
He died during an explosives clearance operation in Sangin , Helmand .
Maj - Gen William Cubitt , commander of the Household Division , attended the repatriation ceremony .
He said there were " cold blooded " aspects to the case .
He said : " In Afghanistan we 're now doing a very important and very difficult task of training Afghan police and this is obviously absolutely crucial to the strategy and training the Afghan Army .
" So troops are working closely with the army and police and there are risks attached to that . "
David Smith , 83 , travelled to Wootton Bassett from South Ham near Basingstoke in Hampshire , and has done so for 14 previous repatriations .
Hundreds of people gathered in Wootton Bassett to pay respects to the six men
His wife Joyce said : " It is a 100 - mile round trip but David served in the Army during the Second World War and in Singapore with the RAF so he feels he needs to be here .
" He just decided one morning that he was going to come for the repatriation of eight soldiers and has been here ever since to respect them coming through for all that they have done .
" We are here to support the families .
If someone needs a shoulder to lean on , we are there for them and to recognise what is going on in the world . "
Brian Freeth , 72 , standard bearer for the South Staffordshire 4 Group of the Royal British Legion , served in Suez between 1955 and 1957 .
He said : " It hits you more today because there are so many coming back .
" What happened to those five lads was sheer murder .
When I am standing over the road with my standard high and I see all those families I cannot begin to imagine what they feel . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
AMERICAN FORK -- Four Utah County teenagers are upset after their trip to an American Fork McDonald 's , where they tried to rap out their order through the drive - thru .
They did n't leave with a Happy mMeal ; rather they were given a citation by police for disorderly conduct .
The teens claim they were just having some fun .
It was their rendition of a popular rap that can be seen and heard in videos on YouTube .
But McDonald 's employees and police say it was n't about the rap -- it came down to the teens refusing to stop and causing an incident at the restaurant .
The four teenagers -- one of whom is 18 , the rest 17 -- tried singing out their order through the intercom , in rap style .
Employees said they could n't understand , and that eventually led to police being called .
Sgt. Gregg Ludlow , with the American Fork Police Department , said , " The order taker asked them to please speak their order so she could understand them .
Again they refused .
This went on for a couple of different times , then the manager got on and asked them to speak their order or leave .
Again they just continued , so the manager went outside and told them to speak their order or leave , and these individuals , according to the manager , they began swearing and drove off . "
One of the teens , Spencer Dauwalder , said nobody was in line , and he and his friends left without ever purchasing anything .
" We thought , you know , just teenagers out having fun , " Dauwalder told KSL Newsradio in a phone interview .
" We did n't think it would escalate to that . "
The McDonald 's manager took down the license plate number and called police .
Officers tracked the car down and gave all four teens the equivalent of a speeding ticket on the charge of disorderly conduct for disrupting business .
Speaking about the incident on KSL's Doug Wright show , one of the teens defended what happened and questioned why police took a joke so seriously .
They said their parents were siding with them .
" They were n't mad at us .
We told them our side of the story , and they said , just like you said , it 's a little ridiculous and it kind of just goes in a downward spiral of all of this .
They 're more upset at the McDonald 's and how the manager handled the whole situation , " the teen told Doug Wright .
The teens all face a fine , if they are convicted .
Spencer 's mother , Sharon Dauwalder , said the parents planned to fight the charges .
" It was basically harmless , " she said .
" It was n't interfering with anything , and it 's just hard to believe a ticket would be issued for that . "
There are claims the teens used vulgar language and the workers felt threatened .
Spencer Dauwalder said one swear word was used by one of his friends , and it was n't spoken in a threatening manner .
Thursday evening McDonald 's franchisee Conny Kramer released a statement saying : " The safety and well - being of my employees and customers is a top priority .
At this time , these are just allegations .
We strongly caution anyone from jumping to conclusions about this matter , without having all the facts . "
He said the police were called based on the actions of the teens , but not as a result of them rapping their order .
------
Compiled with information from Andrew Adams and Sam Penrod
If looks could win ( Image : East News / Rex Features )
Elite athletes distinguish themselves through hard work , grit and , most importantly , raw talent .
However new research , along with a study conducted by New Scientist , points to another trait of the most accomplished jocks : a handsome face .
The better an American football player , the more attractive he is , concludes a team led by Justin Park at the University of Bristol , UK .
Park ’s team had women rate the attractiveness of National Football League ( NFL ) quarterbacks : all were elite players , but the best were rated as more desirable .
Meanwhile , a survey of more than a thousand New Scientist Twitter followers reveals a similar trend for professional men ’s tennis players .
Advertisement
Neither Park nor New Scientist argue that good looks promote good play .
Rather , the same genetic variations could influence both traits .
“ Athletic prowess may be a sexually selected trait that signals genetic quality , ” Park says .
So the same genetic factors that contribute to a handsome mug may also offer a slight competitive advantage to professional athletes .
Kendrick !
Kendrick !
This is not to say that the best athletes are always the best looking , either .
The correlations uncovered by Park and New Scientist explain only a small amount of the differences in athletic performance .
That caveat was clear in our informal study of pro tennis players .
Stars like Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer garnered average attractiveness ratings only marginally higher than journeymen such as Fabio Fognini , currently ranked 56 , and there were plenty of outliers .
For instance , our lowest - ranked player , Robert Kendrick , actually got the best attractive score of the 30 we tested .
To establish these correlations , we randomly selected 20 tennis players in the world top 100 based on ranking point totals at the end of 2008 , with two players from each decile ( 1 to 10 , 11 to 20 , and so on ) .
Next , we asked @newscientist Twitter followers to rate the faces of the players , presented in a random order , on a third - party website .
We also asked the followers ’ gender and asked them to rate their familiarity with each tennis player in the survey , but these factors did not affect the attractiveness ratings .
This web survey tended to include lots of lower - ranked players with very similar point totals , so we conducted a second survey of another 10 randomly selected top - 30 players not included in the original survey .
Measuring a man ’s prowess
When we first compared attractiveness ratings with each player ’s ranking points , we uncovered a slight correlation between looks and performance that was not statistically significant .
Considering that we analysed only 30 faces altogether , “ this is n’t too surprising ” , Park says .
However , when we compared the players ’ looks to another measure of performance – the percentage of matches each pro won in 2008 – the correlation proved statistically significant , though still modest .
“ The study may have been conducted informally , but you ’ve made a new discovery , ” Park said after analysing our data .
“ Who would have thought that better - looking tennis players are more likely to win matches ? ”
One could quibble over which measure is more accurate reflection of a tennis player ’s athletic ability .
Ranking points favour players who compete in lots of tournaments and are unkind to those with injuries .
Winning percentages , on the other hand , offer a purer measure of performance but it does n’t recognise the quality of a player ’s opponents .
Park ’s team faced a similar problem in coming up with a reliable proxy for individual performance in a team sport .
“ Our initial idea was that , across various team sports , some positions may be associated with greater athleticism , and hence greater genetic quality , than other positions , ” he says .
Dashing strikers
In previous work , they found that hockey goalies and forwards , and soccer strikers and goalkeepers , tended to be more attractive than their teammates .
But that ’s based on the assumption that those positions demand more athleticism than others .
To test attractiveness within a single position , Park ’s new study focused on NFL quarterbacks , whose passer ratings are an objective , fairly independent gauge of performance .
The rating is an amalgamation of several stats , including completed passes , yardage gained , touchdowns and interceptions , and it ranges between 0 and 158.3 .
The team asked 60 female Dutch university students to rate the faces of 30 quarterbacks who played in the 1997 season and 58 who played in 2007 – the season Eli Manning ‘s New York Giants shocked Tom Brady ‘s New England Patriots in the Super Bowl .
Both studies turned up small but statistically significant correlations between good looks and passer rating , similar to New Scientist ‘s findings with tennis players .
Brady or Ben ?
Park could not reveal the specific rankings , but Brady topped the passer rating list that season , well ahead of the next - best quarterback , Pittsburgh Steeler Ben Roethlisberger .
Brady is also married to Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bündchen , so it does n’t seem unreasonable that Dutch university students would fancy his face as well .
Fun as these links are , Park ’s team – and New Scientist – did n’t conduct these studies only to fuel pub banter .
The results tie in with previous work suggesting that traits such as good looks and athleticism are genetically related .
“ It ’s safe to say that there are probably many things that lie between ‘ good genes ’ and athletic prowess , ” Park says .
“ We really have no idea what physiological processes mediate the effect . ”
Testosterone levels could be one factor .
Brains and brawn
“ I think it ’s a really exciting paper and it ’s great to see ‘ good genes - mate choice ’ theory being applied in the real world like this , ” says Geoffrey Miller , a psychologist at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque , whose work inspired Park ’s paper .
He says Park ’s results are impressive because all NFL quarterbacks are presumably far , far above average in their athletic ability , and the differences between the best and the worst are slight .
But athletic talent may not be the only explanation for the connection , says Miller , who also argues that intelligence also is an indicator of a healthy genetic makeup .
“ Quarterback is the position that requires the highest amount of general intelligence , ” he says .
“ What might be happening is that the quarterback passing rating might be reflecting intelligence more strongly than physical athleticism . ”
Journal reference : Personality and Individual Differences , DOI : 10.1016/j.paid.2009.09.003
Methods and results
We randomly selected 20 tennis players ranked in the world top 100 based on point totals at the end of 2008 , such that we included two players from each decile ( 1 to 10 , 11 to 20 , etc ) .
This survey tended to include lots of lower - ranked players with very similar point totals , so we conducted a second survey of another 10 randomly selected top - 30 players not included in the original survey .
For each survey , we asked New Scientist Twitter followers to rate the faces of the players , presented in a random order , on a scale of 1 to 10 ( 1 = very unattractive , 10 = very attractive ) .
We asked the followers ’ gender and we asked them to rate their familiarity with the players on a scale of 1 to 4 ( 1 = I do not recognise this face , 2 = This face looks vaguely familiar but I cannot place it , 3 = I know the context of this face but cannot name it , 4 = I can name this person ) .
We also conducted each survey twice on two groups , reversing the ordering of the faces to account for order effects .
Ratings did not differ noticeably by gender , so we lumped them together in our analysis .
Only two players , Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer , averaged above a 2 in the recognition score , so we did not account for familiarity in our analysis .
We used two measures of performance : Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP )
Tour rankings points for the season ending 29 December 2008 and the same season ’s winning percentage .
We next performed a linear regression correlation between average attractiveness score and either ATP ranking or winning percentage .
The correlation between average attractiveness and winning percentage was modest , ( r = 0.36 ) but significant ( p = 0.02 in a one - tailed p test ) .
The correlation between average attractiveness and winning percentage was modest ( r = 0.28 ) but not statistically significant ( p =00200.14 ) .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , October 26 , 2009
Police in Britain have defined political activism as “ domestic extremism ” and are treating people who attend demonstrations as criminals , cataloguing them on multiple national databases as well as tracking their vehicle license plates to enable them to be targeted for stop and search harassment .
People of any political persuasion protesting any cause whatsoever , right or left - wing , are having their details stored on a network of nationwide intelligence databases overseen by three national police units exclusively devoted to spying on those who are even mildly politically active in Britain .
“ The hidden apparatus has been constructed to monitor “ domestic extremists ” , reports the London Guardian .
“ Detailed information about the political activities of campaigners is being stored on a number of overlapping IT systems , even if they have not committed a crime . ”
The police units in control of the system are headed up by the “ terrorism and allied matters ” committee of the Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) , illustrating once again that the British government equates peaceful protest with domestic terrorism .
“ Vehicles associated with protesters are being tracked via a nationwide system of automatic number plate recognition ( ANPR ) cameras , ” reports the Guardian .
“ One man , who has no criminal record , was stopped more than 25 times in less than three years after a “ protest ” marker was placed against his car after he attended a small protest against duck and pheasant shooting .
ANPR “ interceptor teams ” are being deployed on roads leading to protests to monitor attendance . ”
[ efoods ]
The system , funded to the tune of £ 9 billion by the taxpayer , also employs spies to infiltrate and inform on protest groups .
The following Orwellian statement is the the government ’s response to criticism that the databases contain vast numbers of people who have no criminal record .
“ Just because you have no criminal record does not mean that you are not of interest to the police , ” said Anton Setchell , national co-ordinator for domestic extremism for the Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) .
“ Everyone who has got a criminal record did not have one once . ”
In other words , everyone who attends a protest , criminal record or not , is on the database and is regarded as a “ domestic extremist ” by the government .
Superintendent Steve Pearl , the front man for one of the units within Acpo tasked with surveilling protesters told the Guardian that the system was set up after intense pressure from big business , particularly pharmaceutical giants , as well as banks , who demanded that demonstrators be targeted after a minority of animal rights activists engaged in criminal acts .
As another Guardian report on the story explains , just like their counterparts across the pond , British authorities have rebranded lawful protests as “ domestic extremism ” and now treat any attempt to further a campaign , change legislation or domestic policy as probable cause for criminal surveillance .
Police are provided with mug shots of protesters , known as “ spotter cards , ” ( see above ) enabling them to identify key members of protest groups , despite the fact that these individuals have no criminal records .
As comedian Mark Thomas discusses today in his Guardian piece , despite the fact that he was merely attending an arms fair for the purpose of researching for a book , his mug shot is featured on the “ police spotter card , ” while companies inside the fair who were openly selling illegal torture devices were completely ignored by the government and the police .
“ The very phrase “ domestic extremist ” defines protesters in the eyes of the police as the problem , the enemy .
Spying on entire groups and organisations , and targeting the innocent , undermines not only our rights but the law – frightfully silly of me to drag this into an argument about policing , I know , ” writes Thomas .
“ Protest is part of the democratic process .
It was n’t the goodwill of politicians that led them to cancel developing countries ’ debt , but the protests and campaigning of millions of ordinary people around the world .
The political leaders were merely the rubber stamp in the democratic process .
Thus any targeting and treatment of demonstrators ( at the G20 for example ) that creates a “ chilling effect ” – deterring those who may wish to exercise their right to protest – is profoundly undemocratic . ”
This is what spying on and treating protesters as extremists and criminals is all about .
The government has created a chilling atmosphere where people are scared to exercise their rights because of the fear they will be targeted by the authorities .
This is an end run around freedom as it is just as good as outlawing protest altogether .
This is how tyranny throughout history always begins – first the state demonizes protesters as extremists and discourages anyone from joining their ranks through fear and intimidation .
Once the number of dissidents has been reduced to a tiny minority , the authorities then have free reign to stamp the boot down and eliminate free speech altogether .
The only way to counter this is to shake off the psychological shackles of intimidation , get past our fear and be more vocal than ever in exercising free speech and our right to protest – because the alternative and what it may entail is nightmarish to even consider .
If you care about living in anything like a free society with any modicum of free speech whatsoever , then the message is simple – use it or lose it .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
CBS must be feeling good about themselves .
They completely dominated the night with the trio of NCIS ( 4.8 ) , NCIS : Los Angeles ( 4.1 ) , and The Good Wife ( 3.2 ) .
All 3 look to be set for renewals .
The Good Wife actually went up from last week , so we should n't be worried .
NBC did the next best with Biggest Loser averaging 3.6 .
The Jay Leno Show had 2.3 which was surprisingly high .
We should n't be making too big a deal out of these numbers unless it goes under 1.5 consistently or if it keeps these numbers into next year .
ABC definitely did n't see this coming .
Shark Tank continued to suck with 1.5 , Dancing With the Stars continued to underperform with only 2.6 , and The Forgotten dropped with 2.0 .
My prediction was right .
The Forgotten went under Castle which should keep it safe for a while .
The Berlin Wall anniversary is a reminder that people smugglers were once regarded not as the scum of the earth but as heroes .
Hartmut Richter was one .
He fled East Berlin five years after the wall was built by swimming across one of the canals that separated the city .
He then helped another 33 people escape by smuggling them across the border in his car .
Twenty years on , he worries about what is called Ostalgie - nostalgia for the old East Germany .
The former German Democratic Republic has largely been romanticised in film , fashion and design .
But Mr Richter warns that the worst crimes of the former East Germany have been too easily forgotten .
Deep in the Berlin suburb of Hohenschoenhausen lies the empty shell of a secret jail .
It belonged to the Stasi , the feared East German secret police .
Mr Richter , a former prisoner , gives tourists guided tours .
He says many officials of the Stasi have escaped punishment .
" Over here on your left , that 's not a hallway , that 's a torture cell where the ceiling 's so low you can't stand up , " he said .
He spent a year being interrogated in an isolation cell in the jail before he was moved to another prison in Potsdam .
He was charged with people smuggling and being an enemy of the state .
But like so many other East Germans , his story begins in August 1961 .
" Coincidentally or not , I was visiting my favourite cousin on August 13 , 1961 , in West Berlin , " he said .
" As a 13 - year - old , I watched as the wall went up , how people jumped out of windows .
" I returned to my parents after two days .
At school the teachers told us about the anti-fascist protection wall that was built .
" I had to walk out of the classroom .
I already pictured this so - called protection border more as a prison . "
Five years later , Mr Richter made his first escape attempt .
He was caught but released with a warning .
A few months later he got away .
" The first one who comes over helps the others to escape , " he said .
Underestimated
Starting in the 1970s , the period of detente , East Germany opened its borders a little .
They let West Germans visit relatives and friends in the East under the so - called transit agreement .
" When you drive across the border a few times , you realise ' wow , they are n't checking anymore ' , " Mr Richter said .
" Well what would happen if you hid a mate in the boot of the car and drive him out of the east ? "
Mr Richter helped 33 East Germans escape but he says he underestimated the Stasi .
" They cross -referenced the transit lists with the number of defectors and eventually they realised every time I drove from east to west someone went missing .
I only know all this from reading my Stasi file , " he said .
" On the night of the 3rd or 4th of March 1975 , I was driving back to the west with my own sister in the boot and at the border they yelled , ' Exit to the right , drive to the right ' .
" And I said ' hang on a minute , I 'm a transit visitor and you should let me pass ' .
And he said ' drive into the garage ' .
" There were 10 border guards with weapons but were friendly , but then came the less - friendly sniffer dog into the garage .
" As the dog jumped onto the boot of the car , I was pushed against the wall with 10 machine guns pointing in my face and in the boot of the car was my own sister . "
Mr Richter spent five years in jail .
He endured lengthy interrogation and sleep deprivation .
Eventually the West German government bought his release under a prisoner exchange scheme .
But back in the west , with the Cold War thawing , he felt disillusioned with what he saw as the apathy about the communist east .
So he staged protests to draw attention to the wall .
He threw leaflets over into the East and even managed to steal a bed of nails from the death strip .
" I was surprised to read in my Stasi files that there were plans drawn up to kill me , wipe me out .
That was shortly after I stole the bed of nails , " he said .
" They planned to shoot me .
They wanted me to make a second protest and then they would be prepared because the first action took them by surprise .
" So they tried to convince another former prisoner , who was working as a spy for the East , to convince me to steal another bed of nails and they would wait with snipers . "
Disgust at nostalgia
Now Mr Richter helps former political prisoners apply for compensation .
But he is angry that many former Stasi employees escaped punishment and now enjoy a healthy state - sponsored pension .
" It 's unbelievable that former officers of the secret police receive a pension as high as officers of the German army , " he said .
" It may be legally defendable but it can't be defended on ethical or moral grounds . "
Twenty years on from the fall of the wall , he fears that a new generation is growing up that does not understand how oppressive it was to live under communism .
It was a country where everyone felt spied on , and most of them had reason to fear it .
For Mr Richter , there is nothing to be nostalgic about .
" I think it 's disgusting how East Germany is sometimes portrayed .
Can you imagine if the history of Nazi Germany was glossed over like that ?
It would be an outrage , " he said .
" It 's a disproportionate response the way that the history is trivialised and romanticised .
You can understand why people like me see this very critically . "
On September 30th , 1988 , a full year after controversially being classified VM18 by Italian authorities , Full Metal Jacket was reclassified and given a VM14 rating in Italy , effectively allowing anyone over the age of 13 to watch the movie .
The original decision in 1987 had sparked much debate in the media , mainly as a result of the classification board ’s differing reasons for the decision ( first excessive bad language , then excessive violence ) and also because another violent war movie – Platoon – had recently gained a VM14 rating without hesitation .
The passionate letter seen below , written by director Stanley Kubrick , was sent to the Director of Culture in Italy and was just one part of an ultimately successful , year long battle to gain the film a wider audience .
More letters relating to Kubrick can be read at Archivio Kubrick .
Also , somewhat related is this letter written by Gustav Hasford .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
WARNER BROS .
DISTRIBUTORS LTD 135 Wardour Street ( Registered Office )
London WIV 4AP
Telephone : 01-437 5600
Fax : 01-437 9544
Telex : 22653 Registered in England No. 259661 Dott. Rocco Moccia
Direttore Generale Dello Spettacolo
Ministero Del Turismo e Dello Spettacolo
Via della Ferratella in Laterano , 51
00184 Roma
ITALIA 5th October , 1987 Dear Dott .
Moccia ,
You will undoubtedly understand my disappointment that my film “ Full Metal Jacket ” has been classified so as to prevent it being viewed by young people under the age of 18 .
Obviously I do not regard young Italians as being substantially different in nature , character or temperament to young people in other parts of the world and it was my earnest desire that my film be an experience capable of being shared by the widest audience possible .
This is important to me because I sincerely hope that “ Full Metal Jacket ” will be regarded as making an important and relevant contribution to the ways in which people view their own nature .
My intention was not to relish violence for it ’s own sake but to emphasise the reality of both the training process undergone by the recruits and the war situation in which they found themselves .
A crucial aspect of this process is the use of language to dehumanise the young men .
This had to be presented in a totally truthful way otherwise I would have compromised the reality of the story .
I make no apology for taking such an approach .
It is what attracted me to the project from the beginning : it ’s sense of uncompromising truth .
“ Full Metal Jacket ” offers no easy moral or political answers .
I think you should know that Sweden has classified the film , 15 , New Zealand has a 13 age restriction , Finland has given it a 16 age restriction , as has Germany .
These ratings were applied without any cuts .
I believe that all the people should be given the opportunity to see things the way they are .
Yours sincerely , ( Signed ) Stanley Kubrick cc : Dott.ssa Rosa Alba de Gaetano Leardi
Mr Bernard Weinreich , Warner Bros Italia
Ramblings of a white guy living in Tokyo that 's * gasp * never taught English (! ) .
I 'll talk about just about anything , which often does but does n't always have something to do with Japan .
Please comment to your heart 's content on my current life story and random Dougisms .
ようこそ、俺のインターネットの端へ！
With Remote DBA database administration , 24X7 database support and on - demand consulting services , companies and organization are solving complex database challenges and achieving maximum database availability .
Remote DBA leads the industry in remote DBA support and database infrastructure management .
We support environments ranging from a single mission critical database application server to complex infrastructures comprised of 1000s of servers across multiple datacenters .
When partnering with Remote DBA , companies and organizations gain access to a team of leading remote DBA experts , experienced in supporting the most demanding database environments .
2016 Remote DBA Scholarship
Overview
For 2016 , Remote DBA will be offering scholarship for students interested in pursuing a data - focused or data science career .
Remote DBA Scholarship Award
Remote DBA , a leading provider of remote dba services , will award a scholarship of $ 2,000 to an outstanding student pursuing or intending to pursue studies at an accredited college , university or trade school .
About this Scholarship
IDC estimates that last year , over 2 zettabytes of data was created .
This number is projected to grow by twenty - fold by the year 2020 to 40 zettabytes or an equivalent of 5000 GB for every man , woman and child on earth .
Right now and in the near future , companies of all sizes will need data professionals , database administrators ( DBAs ) , and data scientists to help manage and make sense of the enormous amount of new data generated .
We want to encourage students to pursue data - focused careers and to play an active role in the new data - centric global economy .
Eligibility Requirements
Students currently enrolled in an accredited university , college or trade school located in United States with a minimum 2.8 GPA .
Graduating high school seniors with a GPA of 3.0 or above are also eligible to apply for the scholarship .
How to Apply
To apply for the 2016 scholarship , submit the following :
Write an essay on the topic " My Vision for the World 20 Years from Now : How Technology Will Change Everything around Us . "
In your essay , be sure to discuss the role of technology and easy access to information or data in transforming our everyday lives .
We encourage you to be creative and to use specific examples .
Think about both new emerging as well as science fiction - like futuristic technologies yet to be invented .
Discuss how examples of these technologies may improve lives across urban , rural or global environments .
In your essay , be sure to discuss the role of technology and easy access to information or data in transforming our everyday lives .
We encourage you to be creative and to use specific examples .
Think about both new emerging as well as science fiction - like futuristic technologies yet to be invented .
Discuss how examples of these technologies may improve lives across urban , rural or global environments .
Include a cover letter .
Be sure to include your name , your college , college year , graduating year and intended major .
In your cover letter , explain how you plan to use the scholarship and why we should select your application .
To apply , submit your scholarship application , including your essay and cover letter to Please enable JavaScript to see the email address .
To be considered for the 2016 award , entries must be received no later than May 1 , 2016 .
Terms and Conditions :
After submitting your application , there will be no automated confirmation message acknowledging receipt of your email .
The winner will be contacted directly via email or by phone provided on the scholarship application .
The winner will be notified by May 15 , 2016 .
By submitting your application , you are giving Remote DBA permission to use and publish information about your application and transfer all rights associated with submitted content to Remote DBA .
The winner will be confirmed after providing proof of enrollment at the accredited United States college , university , or trade school .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Saturday , October 17 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Firefox Blocks MS Add-on to Tighten Security Posted by Response @ 06:11 GMT
I woke up this morning and this is what greeted me :
A while back , Microsoft released the " . NET Framework Assistant " as a Firefox add - on .
Today , Firefox blocked it to disable a security vulnerability that affects it .
So if this happens to your Firefox browser , do n't fret , it 's just a security tweak .
Mozilla noted this update in their Security blog .
Response post by — Christine
— — — ——
Updated to add : The Mozilla Security blog has new information : " Microsoft has now confirmed that the Framework Assistant add - on is not a vector for this attack , and we have removed the entry from the blocklist . "
There is an ancient proverb – some claim it hails from China , others Africa – that says , " The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago – the next best time is now . "
Whatever the proverb 's origins , it 's a universal truth that planting a tree , on so many levels , is a beneficial thing to do .
Trees are good , full stop .
In fact , trees are so wonderful that an independent study , commissioned by the Forestry Commission , is calling for 23,000 hectares of trees a year — equivalent to about 30,000 football pitches – to be planted across the country over the next 40 years .
This , it says , would help the UK " lock up " 10 % of the nation 's predicted greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 .
But do we need to plant all these trees in forest - sized tracts for maximum effect ?
Could we get the same benefit if every British homeowner planted a tree in their backyard instead ?
And what species of trees are up to the job ?
The study 's authors state that trees take 50 - 100 years before they " prove their worth " and whatever tree species we plant now must be suited to the climactic realities they might face in coming decades .
Professor Sir David Read , the emeritus professor of plant sciences at Sheffield University , who led the study 's panel of experts , says that we must start the hunt for species that could cope with a warmer , Mediterranean - type climate that might become typical in some parts of the country .
" White and red oaks from America , for example .
Or oaks from French genetic stock .
Willow and poplar will be good species , too . "
But not all species are suited to a cramped backyard , where roots could damage foundations , or fast - growing trees could quickly cast shadows over neighbours .
The Woodland Trust , which will be trying on December 5 to set a new world record for the most number of trees planted in an hour , says that hazel , hawthorn and silver birch are the most suitable for small spaces .
Beyond the backyard , Read says that " the larger the scale of planting the better " in terms of maximising any reduction of emissions .
He acknowledges that the public will prefer " extensions to natural woodlands " rather than " terrifying blocks of conifers " , even though the study found that a coniferous forest in Scotland can remove , on average , 24 tonnes of CO² per hectare per year , whereas an oak forest in southern England removes 15 tonnes of CO² .
Read stresses , though , that we should all get involved : " I would never discourage anyone from planting a tree in their backyard .
Any action is better than none . "
The Best Villians in Film History
By Dustin Rowles | Lists | October 2 , 2009 |
Our unofficial official video editor for the site , hh ( responsible for Wall - E : The Cannibal Years ) , has returned with another gem :
A well - edited together montage of the best villains in cinematic history — or at least those of the human variety .
It ’s something of a cinematic best of list , edited together for the YouTubers .
It ’s also kind of transfixing to watch .
I appreciate even more than that villains themselves are not labeled , so the challenge goes out to y’all .
How many of these movie villains can you identify ?
Me ?
I ’m just tickled pixie that Drexl Spivey made the cut .
By damn , it is white boy day .
Check out the video , I suspect that among you all , you ’ll have no problem identifying all the flicks , and knowing our readers , I ’m sure you ’ll take pains to point out the omissions .
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba .
You may email him here , follow him on Twitter , or listen to his weekly TV podcast , Podjiba .
Hidden messagin’
keving
Programmers for 8 - bit consoles , whether American , European or Japanese , stuck hidden messages — sometimes accessible , sometimes non- — in their games all the time .
One of my favorite has always been the one thrown into Pachi - Com ( パチコン ) , a very primitive pachinko simulation released for the Famicom in 1985 from Toshiba EMI .
You can load the .NES ROM up in any hex editor to see a long message right at the top of the image , written in romaji :
Nearly five percent of the entire ROM space is taken up by this inaccessible message , which I ’ll take the liberty of translating :
I ’M SAYING WHAT I WANT FROM HERE ON IN !!
Mr. GOUHARA from JPM planning does absolutely nothing but gives me all sorts of crap anyway .
SHUT UP , YOU IDIOT !
— — — –
DEG / NANA / KOYA from company “ T ” [ presumably Toshiba EMI ]
You RETARDS say one thing , then something else later all the time .
I worked ALL NIGHT working on what you told me to ; do n’t say to me “ it was better before ” !
Who the hell do you think is going to play this , with its boring bonus stage and the balls that get stuck ?
If you use SELECT to put the JOY right , that ’ll make it +1 , you idiot !
You ’re a sound company ; quit ignoring pachinko sounds and trying to put these weird sounds in instead !
Do you WANT it to be this hard to hear the balls ?!
I ’ve left the PREVIOUS sounds , so edit this if you want to hear it .
Set hex address AFFC to 1FAF and AFC4 to E0 EE to get decent sounds .
( Tiger_V & Kugi ) Company “ T ” , you idiots !
GOU , you retard !
Anyone can tell you what good sound is !
========
Does company “ N ” develop with company “ I ” ‘s PROS80 ?
I ’m AMAZED they can make stuff on that weird ( 3 ” floppy disk ) machine !
Do they trace the holes when drawing art , too ? [ i.e .
Do they program graphic data directly without the use of any artist tools ? ]
If you ’re sick of tracing holes , I ’ll sell Bear ’s art machine ( ROM ) and debugger for 5 million YEN …
Tel 03-864-6880
That ’s cheap if you want pretty art !!!
— — –
Why did they take out the 6502 ’s decimal mode [ from the NES architecture ] ?
It ’s a decimal computer …
Did they mess up the mask cutting or something ?
========
Anyone who happens across this is a pervert !
There ’s another message in the MSX Pachi - Com …
If you ’re a pervert , buy it and see !
It ’s in Okinawan dialect , though !
DON ’T TELL ANYBODY YOU SAW THIS !!!
by Y.S
The secret message attached to Namco ’s Erika to Satoru no Yumebōken , however , is much more infamous these days — and it ’s accessible within the game , too .
A cutesy , kid- friendly adventure that used the N106 sound chip Namco included with a few FC carts , the game has a long message ( seen starting in 5:20 of the above video ) that perhaps sets the bar internationally for this sort of thing .
Its presence within the ROM image was known for a while , but it was n’t common game - otaku knowledge until 2007 , when hackers finally figured out how to unlock it within the game itself .
The GDRI folks have taken an interest in it lately , too , because it establishes a link between Atlus and the games LJN released for the NES — the music that plays during the hidden message is taken from LJN’s The Karate Kid , although Erika to Satoru was coded by Atlus for Namco .
It ’s a long , convoluted code you have to type in , involving waiting half an hour after the game ’s ending and then inputting all sorts of button combinations on both controllers at the right time , but it ’s worth it to see the message , which I ’ll again translate freely :
Mmm , that ’s a nostalgic song playing .
Those were good times .
Meanwhile , who the hell are these people with this project ?
I ’m so glad it ’s over .
You think it ’s nothing but good memories ?
Hell no !
Let ’s use this space to give out some thanks .
First off , Kaoru Ogura , who ran off with some guy in the middle of the project .
Yes , you , you bastard .
Do n’t show up at the office without showering after having sex 6 times the previous night .
Next , Tatsuya Ōhashi .
Yes , you , you bastard .
Do n’t give me your flippant shit — coming in late on the day we ship the ROM like nothing ’s amiss .
You can give me all the porn you want ; I ’m not forgetting that one .
All that fucking weight you put on .
No wonder you paid out 18,000 yen and still got nothing but a kiss out of it .
Kenji Takano , Namco debugger .
You are a part - timer ; do n’t dick around with the project planner .
And finally , Kiyoharu Gotō , the biggest thorn to my side in this project .
Yes , you , you bastard .
Once I get a time machine , I ’m sending you back to the Edo period .
Go do your riddles over there .
Ahh , that ’s a load off … wait , no it ’s not .
Kiyoharu Gotō — yes , you , you bastard .
Aaaagh , just disappear already .
Come to think of it , some people were helpful to me , too .
Mr. Okada , who took all the good stuff .
I know all about your abnormal tendencies .
Yamagishi , who swore off soaplands until the project was over .
Go ahead , knock yourself out now .
Iwata , who joined in midway and gave it all he had .
Sorry I yelled at you .
Keep hanging in there .
Fujimura , Udopyu , you probably had it the worst of all .
Thanks .
I mean it .
Gotō ’s the one to hate here .
Also , Takayama , Kudō , Suzuki , Makki , Kaneko , Aihara , Sato ( the angel of my heart ) , Iga .
Thanks , everyone .
Yoko - G , good work .
This game is dedicated to your wife ’s birthday .
If you type in another secret code after this message , you get a further note :
Kazumushi , I ’m sorry I could n’t come back home much .
I love you and always have .
Hidemushi
In late 2007 , someone posted on 2 ch ’s retro - game board claiming to be one of the men behind the message .
He had only a dim memory of how to unlock the message ; the hackers took it from there to figure out the exact process .
Here ’s what he said :
I ’ll reveal here that I was Hidemushi ’s co-worker at the time ( do n’t pry any closer , please ) .
I heard all the stuff [ written about in the message ] from the guy himself , so it ’s not fake .
As obscene as it is I planned to take it to the grave without announcing it , but since someone peeked into the ROM and revealed the message , I went ahead and followed up with it . [… ]
By the way , The Karate Kid is a NES game based on the movie released overseas .
He was involved with the development of it .
( Also , the girl we whined about who had sex N times the previous night programmed the mini - game events in The Karate Kid .
She ’s probably one of the few female programmers in the industry .
Wish she did n’t have to tell me about how her boyfriend wipes the sweat off her back with a towel after every lay . )
Aw , good times !
10 Trackbacks / Pingbacks
Cenzic released its report revealing the most prominent types of Web application vulnerabilities for the first half of 2009 .
The report details the steady rise of attacks targeting these exploits ultimately costing the U.S. a substantial amount of money in both IT damage and identity theft .
Specifically , the report identified over 3,100 total vulnerabilities , which is a 10 percent increase in Web application vulnerabilities compared to the second half of 2008 .
Cenzic analyzed all reported vulnerability information from sources including NIST , MITRE , SANS , US - CERT , OSVDB , OWASP , as well as other third party databases for Web application security issues reported during the first half of 2009 .
Popular vendors including Sun , IBM , and Apache continue to be among the top 10 most vulnerable Web applications named .
The most common published exploits on commercial applications were SQL Injection and Cross Site Scripting ( XSS ) vulnerabilities , which account for 25 percent and 17 percent of all Web attacks , respectively :
Among Web browsers , Mozilla Firefox had the largest percentage of Web vulnerabilities , followed by Apple Safari , whose browser showed a vast increase in exploits , due to vulnerabilities reported in the Safari iPhone browser :
Findings from the report point to the continued growth of attacks through Web applications .
Web application vulnerabilities continue to make up the largest percentage of the reported vulnerability volume , with roughly 78 percent of all vulnerabilities resulting from them .
To find out about interesting web attacks and HTTP probes as well as attacks statistics , read the rest of the report .
Today , the way we do business transactions have changed .
The way we interact with people has changed as well .
The internet has created many different advances that make life much easier .
Things that were difficult to do in the past is fairly easy to do know .
There are many people out there who are resisting change and some people are willing to accept these changes .
Recently , there ’s been a change that could get rid of all fax machines .
You can now fax over internet instead of having a fax machine .
Now it is possible to send faxes electronically through the internet .
By using this method , you are saving ink , toner and paper as well .
Sending a fax from computer is more efficient because it does n’t use paper .
Some people now believe that we do n’t need fax machines anymore because of online fax providers .
When you fax from computer , you end up saving a lot of money because you are getting rid of your dedicated phone line .
The dedicated phone line usually cost more then the online fax service itself .
And the online fax service makes it possible to receive and send multiple faxes at the same time .
How convenient is that ?
The document is converted and it is sent to your email .
If you receive junk faxes , you can just delete them instead of printing them out .
If you think that fax machines are going out obsolete as well , it might be up to public opinion to decide on that matter .
The fax machines are starting to become endangered .
After a stint in San Fran , I decided to move back to New York City ; ' why not get there by Vespa , ' I thought .
Once I got to NYC , the country had put its spell on me , and I promptly moved to Wyoming instead .
You can also find me atand Honey Rock Dawn
Vespa Vagabond
Joy , freedom , faith .... sometimes these essentials gray out , fade , in the rush of society , normalcy , shoulds .
For two months I lived outside of all that , lived fully immersed in the thrill , the ecstasy , the unknown .
And it was divine .
This site recounts the ride - August 1st to October 1st 2005 - and all that I thought and saw and did .
Looks like a few of you thought the hyper - muscularity of Roxanne Edwards was just a bit much for your taste , which of course means its time to cue up a sexy Playboy fitness girl to take off the hard edge .
And in this case it ’s Playboy ’s Sexy Wives model Jamie Ford , who who has gone on to get her pro card in Pro Figure Championships , and has even gone on to snatch the Overall Winner spot at the Tournament of Champions a while back .
Nude Jamie Ford Pictures
Playboy ’s Sexy Wives
Total consumer credit has dropped for the 8th straight month as consumers refuse to buy stocks while maxing out their credit cards , contrary to what GE , Bernstein and Bernanke want them to do .
4 more months and the US consumer will have given the administration the reflation finger for one straight year .
Excess reserves to hit $ 2 trillion shortly .
Total credit came in at $ 2.456 trillion , consisting of $ 889 billion ( $ 10 billion lower than August ) and $ 1,5667 billion ( $ 5 billion lower than August ) .
The later category is primarily related to auto purchases thus so much for the Cash for Clunkers attempt at releveraging .
Are Markets & Fed on Same Page ?
CNBC's Steve Liesman and Rick Santelli debate whether the markets and the Fed are on the same page .
“ The president has been working with these ideas for a long time now , ” said James K. Glassman , a former top State Department official now serving as the institute ’s founding executive director .
“ He wanted to do something very different from other former presidents , and that is to create a research institute that ’s independent , nonpartisan and scholarly and that will have an impact on the real world . ”
Image Former President George W. Bush on Nov. 4 , visiting Tokyo .
Credit ... Shuji Kajiyama / Associated Press
Although Mr. Bush has given several speeches since leaving office , most have been out of the country , closed to the news media and reminiscent in tone .
This is the first event where he has invited reporters to announce a new venture .
Organizers expect as many as 1,500 students , donors and others to attend .
The former president ’s approach contrasts with that of his vice president , Dick Cheney , who has become a vigorous public critic of President Obama ’s national security policies .
The institute will be a vehicle for Mr. Bush to re-enter the national conversation and advocate ideas in a less politicized way , advisers said .
The goal , Mr. Glassman said , is to “ extend principles and work that were accomplished during the administration . ”
The institute will be housed along with the presidential library and museum in a building on the S.M.U. campus to be completed by 2013 .
The Bush foundation has secured $ 212 million in pledges and contributions toward its goal of $ 300 million by next year ’s groundbreaking , according to two people who were privy to the results but not authorized to discuss them on the record .
Mr. Bush is also completing a book describing some of the most important decisions in his life .
He is about five - sixths through with the manuscript , which he is drafting with Chris Michel , a former White House speechwriter , for publication next fall , according to his office .
The mastermind of the 2002 sniper attacks that killed 10 in the Washington , D.C. , region has been executed .
John Allen Muhammad died by injection at 9:11 p.m. Tuesday at Greensville Correctional Center in Virginia , confirmed prison spokesman Larry Traylor .
Muhammad had no final words , Traylor said , adding he did n't hear Muhammad utter a word the entire time .
Muhammad was executed for killing Dean Harold Meyers at a gas station during a three - week killing spree in September and October 2002 in Maryland , Virginia and the District of Columbia .
His teenage accomplice , Lee Boyd Malvo , was sentenced to life in prison .
Earlier Tuesday , Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine rejected clemency for Muhammad .
" I find no compelling reason to set aside the sentence that was recommended by the jury and then imposed and affirmed by the courts , " Kaine said in a statement .
" Accordingly , I decline to intervene . "
Lawyers for Muhammad had asked Kaine to commute his sentence to life in prison , saying he is mentally ill .
The U.S. Supreme Court denied Muhammad 's final appeal on Monday .
Some of the families of Muhammad 's victims were at the prison to watch the execution .
" He basically watched my dad breathe his last breath , " Cheryl Wits said .
" Why should n't I watch his last breath ? "
Malvo confessed to shooting Wits 's father , Jerry Taylor , on a Tucson , Ariz . , golf course in March 2002 at Muhammad 's direction .
Muhammad and Malvo terrorized Washington and surrounding states as they shot people in broad daylight .
The pair used a car that had been outfitted so the gunman could hide in the trunk and shoot through a hole in the body of the vehicle .
The pair were arrested by police at a Maryland rest stop .
Posted by TheLCster
Eric Cartman is the new Glenn Beck .
Last night on “ South Park ” the chubby youngster took over morning announcements and turned them from standard bullet points into long screeds about the student class president .
Turns out Eric hates her and as a result devotes all his time to creating and promoting crazy conspiracy theories about her time in office .
Sound familiar ?
Vodpod videos no longer available .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
Glenn Beck ’s Radio Webcam Reaction To South Park ’s Cartman Turning Into Him
WASHINGTON --
The battle over health care has played out publicly , in Congress , in presidential speeches and in heated town hall meetings all over the country .
It has also been waged in the back rooms of the White House , new visitor logs suggest .
White House aides released logs of more than 1,600 visits between Inauguration Day and Aug. 31 , the second batch released this year .
The release of the visitor logs came in response to requests for information from news organizations , interest groups and individuals , and is far from ...
" We must cleanse our streets of the black - skinned , the yellow - skinned , the Roma … I would have all the immigrants put on file , one by one .
Unfortunately , this is not allowed by the law .
They are the carriers of all sorts of diseases , tuberculosis , Aids , scabies , hepatitis "
This is how Giancarlo Gentilini , former mayor of Treviso ( 1994 -2005 ) and current deputy mayor , a leading figure in the Lega Nord ( Northern League ) , addressed the Festival of the People of Padania in September 2008 .
Last month he was convicted by a court in Venice of " inciting racial hatred " and , as a result , will not be allowed to address political rallies for three years .
In the country where Mussolini 's racial laws were approved in 1938 , the current anti-fascist constitution , which came into force on 1 January 1948 after the liberation struggles , forbids the re-formation of the Fascist party .
In postwar Italy , both fascism and racism – the essence of the extreme right – have therefore had to find new and original ways of expressing themselves .
Gianfranco Fini , president of the house of deputies , originally belonged to the neofacist party Movimento Sociale Italiano ( MSI ) .
The MSI subjected itself to a long and critical review of its fascist roots , and by the 1990s had accepted the values of parliamentary democracy and the constitution of the republic , relaunching itself as the Alleanza Nazionale ( National Alliance ) .
In the meantime the rich Italian vein of xenophobic and racist ideas were siphoned off into the Lega Nord , a grassroots movement inspired by the French New Right ethno- pluralists such as Alain de Benoist .
The ugly face of this movement was hidden behind the term " federalism " –- which is why Gentilini and Mario Borghezio , the colourful MEP also from the Lega Nord , always brag that they are " federalists " .
Gentilini's real views are clearly expressed in the quote above that lead to his conviction .
In this , he mirrors the feelings of many fellow inhabitants in the wealthy and economically successful Veneto region .
Amid all this , Fini , who is the third highest officer in the state after president Giorgio Napolitano and prime minister Silvio Berlusconi , and is now the deputy leader in Berlusconi's Popolo della Libertà , finds himself in a difficult position in his efforts to build a respectable right , albeit with ample room to manoeuvre .
On the one hand , he has to steer the rightwing vote away from the racism of characters such as Gentilini , whose supporters fundamentally oppose the political unity of Italy , and who consider the south of the country to be as under - developed as the Islamic countries on the Mediterranean coast .
On the other hand , Fini has to provide a buffer for Berlusconi 's subversive tendencies , displayed last week when he announced , following the court 's rejection of British lawyer David Mills ' appeal in a corruption case in which he is also involved : " I will not resign even if I am convicted . "
Accordingly , Berlusconi's party has for some time now been unable to use the traditional rightwing motto of " Law and Order " .
Instead the Italian centre - right has been busy demolishing the respect for legality , in a long - running campaign to denigrate judges .
Fini has attempted to thwart this suicidal strategy , which undermines the foundations of the rule of law and civil relations between the government and the opposition .
But he is not yet strong enough to defeat an excessively rich and powerful media tycoon like Berlusconi .
Translated from Italian by Judy Segor
Hey Friends ,
I made a video in which I do commentary for one of my students playing NL50 on Pokerstars .
Download it here : http://www.box.net/shared/k8y63fu3mg
Enjoy ,
Billy
Roman Polanski fled to France in 1978 Film director Roman Polanski has been taken into custody in Switzerland and faces extradition to the US for having sex with a 13 - year - old girl in 1977 .
Mr Polanski , 76 , was detained in Zurich on Saturday as he travelled from France to collect a lifetime achievement award at the Zurich Film Festival .
He is being held under a 2005 international alert issued by the US .
Mr Polanski has been to Switzerland before , but this time US authorities apparently knew of his trip in advance .
That gave them time to prepare the groundwork for his arrest and send a provisional arrest warrant to Swiss authorities , judicial officials said .
A Swiss spokesman said the US would now have to make a formal extradition request .
The director can contest his detention and any extradition decision in the Swiss courts , he added .
Mr Polanski's lawyer , Georges Kiejman , said he planned to challenge his client 's arrest .
" We are going to try to lift the arrest warrant in Zurich , " he told France Info radio .
" The [ extradition ] convention between Switzerland and the United States is not very clear . "
Mr Polanski fled the US in 1978 after pleading guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with an underage girl .
He was initially indicted on six counts and faced up to life in prison .
In recent years , he has tried to have the rape case dismissed , claiming the original judge , who is now dead , arranged a plea bargain but later reneged .
CASE TIMELINE
1977 - Polanski admits unlawful sex with Samantha Geimer , 13 , in Los Angeles 1978 - flees to Britain after US arrest warrant is issued 1978 - immediately moves to France where he holds citizenship 1978 - settles in France , where he is protected by France 's limited extradition with US 2008 - Polanski's lawyer demands case be dismissed and hearing moved out of LA court 2009 - Polanski's request to have hearing outside LA is denied
Profile : Roman Polanski Roman Polanski : Your comments
Earlier this year , Judge Peter Espinoza agreed there was misconduct by the judge in the original case , but said Mr Polanski must return to the US to apply for dismissal .
Mr Polanski's lawyers said he would not return to the US because he would be immediately arrested as a fugitive .
The victim at the centre of the case , Samantha Geimer , has previously asked for the charges to be dropped , saying the continued publication of details " causes harm to me , my husband and children " .
She has also called the court 's insistence that Mr Polanski appear in person " a cruel joke " .
' Shock and dismay '
The Paris - born Polish filmmaker - who is also a French citizen - has not set foot in the US for more than 30 years .
His Oscar for directing 2002 film The Pianist was collected by Harrison Ford , who had previously starred in his 1988 thriller , Frantic .
France 's culture minister said he was " dumbfounded " by Mr Polanski 's detention in Switzerland .
Frederic Mitterrand said he " strongly regrets that a new ordeal is being inflicted on someone who has already experienced so many of them " .
He added that French President Nicolas Sarkozy was " following the case with great attention and shares the minister 's hope that the situation can be quickly resolved " .
The organisers of the Zurich Film Festival said Polanski 's detention had caused " shock and dismay " , but that they would go ahead with a planned retrospective of the director 's work .
A special ceremony is planned for Sunday night " to allow everyone to express their solidarity for Roman Polanski and their admiration for his work " , festival managers said in a statement .
Meanwhile , British author Robert Harris - who had been working with Mr Polanski on a film adaptation of his novel The Ghost - said he was taken aback by the weekend 's events .
" One of the reasons I 'm absolutely shocked and stunned by his arrest is that we have worked together extensively in Switzerland , where he has a home , " Harris said .
" If he was such a wanted criminal why did they let him own a house and travel back and forth freely ? "
But justice officials in both Switzerland and the US said the difference this time was that a provisional arrest warrant had been sent .
William Sorukas , chief of the US Marshals Service 's domestic investigations branch , told the Associated Press that investigators learned about the trip days in advance and were therefore able to prepare for an arrest .
" There have been other times through the years when we have learned of his potential travel but either those efforts fell through or he did n't make the trip , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There 's a kind of supply - and - demand dynamic that applies to technical terms — when a few knowledgeable insiders are hoarding a word , it maintains its meaning , but when the masses get hold of it and abuse it , it 's quickly emptied of value .
This is certainly the case with " the cloud , " a term that used to mean something , and now means everything and nothing .
" The cloud " is so overused by startups desperate for VC money , and by big companies desperate to look like hip startups , that IT professionals are increasingly wary of anything cloud - related .
It does n't help that the image conjured by the word is of something vaporous , flimsy , and fleeting — whatever cloud is , it does n't sound like the kind of thing you want to entrust critical business functions to .
Despite the fact that everyone seems to see a different shape when they stare at it , there is something worth preserving in " the cloud " as a term that usefully describes one approach to what is often called " utility computing , " which latter term is itself a metaphorical way of speaking about a business model centered around the idea of computing power as a service like electrical power .
In first defining and then describing cloud computing in this brief article , my aim is to provide a useful definition for IT professionals who are tasked with exploring cloud services as a potential avenue for finding new efficiencies , reducing fixed costs , tackling scaling challenges , and solving novel problems at Internet scale .
My secondary audiences for this piece are IT pros who need to quickly explain " the cloud " to a clueless CIO , and clueless CIOs who'd rather not have to rely on IT pros to explain buzzwords to them .
This article takes a historical and comparative approach to the topic of cloud computing .
First , I 'll introduce the venerable client - server model , a model of which cloud is just the latest instance , and then I 'll contrast the cloud with its immediate predecessor , the grid .
Finally , I 'll describe the three - tiered model of cloud services .
A brief history of client - server
One of the most common questions asked by cloud skeptics is , " is n't cloud just client - server ? "
The answer to this is , yes , it is .
There are many producer - consumer relationships at every level of computing , from the individual system out to the network , that can usefully be thought of in client - server terms .
For instance , a PC's main memory serves a variety of clients scattered throughout the system via DMA requests .
In general , a client - server relationship is characterized by a single producer that allows multiple consumers access to its resource pool .
In this respect , cloud fits the client - server model , and , insofar as the typical cloud client is the same as the typical enterprise client ( i.e. single desktop or laptop computer ) , some observers have a tendency to stop at this level of analysis .
But , of course , the real action in the cloud happens on the server side of the equation , and that 's where things get interesting .
But before we get into the cloud in earnest , let 's take a brief look back at client - server .
There are essentially two kinds of resources that a server can provide to clients : storage and compute cycles .
Client - server models can generally be categorized according to which type of resource they provide .
Chronologically , the first type of client - server pair to become popular was the mainframe and terminal .
Since storage and CPU cycles were so expensive , the mainframe pooled both types of resources and served them to thin - client terminals .
With the advent of the PC revolution , which brought mass storage and cheap CPUs to the average corporate desktop , the file server gained in popularity as way to enable document sharing and archiving .
True to its name , the file server served up storage resources to clients in the enterprise , while the CPU cycles needed to do productive work with those resources were all produced and consumed within the confines of the PC client .
The '80s also saw the rise of the supercomputer , which featured a large , homogenous array of processors and was designed to serve CPU cycles to " fat- client " workstations .
Supercomputers were limited to government ( mostly military ) and government - sponsored parts of academia , not just because those sectors were the only ones with the appetite for that much number crunching power , but because those types of public institutions had pockets deep enough to afford these machines ( it was very , very expensive to pool CPU cycles and serve them at a scale that could actually do useful work ) .
But while the supercomputer market was heating up along with the Cold War that much of its output went toward fighting , the seeds of that market 's destruction were being sown by both Moore 's Law and the Internet .
The grid , and the rise of utility computing
In the early 1990s , the budding Internet finally had enough computers attached to it that academics began thinking seriously about how to connect those machines together to create massive , shared pools of storage and compute power that would be much larger than what any one institution could afford to build .
This is when the idea of " the grid " began to take shape .
The term " grid " is a metaphor deliberately drawn from the realm of electricity generation , where electric utilities provide power over a " grid " network to clients who pay on a metered basis for the electricity that they consume .
The idea behind the grid model , and the related concept of " utility computing , " was that a sufficiently large number of networked computers could be pooled together like a giant , virtual supercomputer or file server , and access to that pool of compute or storage resources could be sold in an on - demand , metered fashion .
In all , grid computing features a large number of networked , often geographically and institutionally separate nodes that together make up a shared pool of compute resources .
Data and computational grids are characterized by autonomous , homogeneous nodes that are loosely coupled and often use public networks .
Note that the grid 's loose coupling of nodes is a major characteristic that distinguishes it from the cluster , a similar multinode computing concept with which the grid is often confused .
Clusters feature nodes that are connected by very high - bandwidth links , and this bandwidth advantage gives them a lot more average compute power per node than a grid because nodes do n't spend as much idle time waiting on data to arrive .
Computational grids are more common than data grids , and applications have to be specially written for such grids and designed to scale to a large number of parallel nodes .
A typical computational grid client turns to the grid because he needs to run a massive , compute - intensive job that will occupy a large subset of those nodes for a given period of time .
The grid .
Different colored jobs belong to different clients .
( One of those jobs belongs to the Department of Defense . )
Grid jobs are often run in batches , where available nodes are pooled together and then assigned work that monopolizes them until it 's done .
( Note : many grid nodes , like those involved in the distributed .
net project , also run local client software simultaneously with their grid job ; but from the point - of - view of the grid , that node is still working on a single job . )
When the grid job is complete , the nodes are released back into the pool of available resources , and are ready for some other client to use .
One key aspect of the grid is that multiple institutions can share the same hardware resources without worrying about anyone else on the grid gaining unauthorized access to their data .
Even though the data is on a publicly accessible grid , it remains accessible only to the client that owns it .
It 's also the case that the grid hardware itself often has many institutional and / or individual owners — each party contributes compute resources to a shared pool , and in exchange , contributors can bid for cycles from that pool .
Celiac.com
04/05/2019 ( Originally published on 10/19/2009 ) - Gluten intolerance caused by celiac disease , or non-celiac gluten sensitivity , may affect virtually any part of the body .
A culprit in multiple health disorders , gluten intolerance is a major driver of health care delivery and associated costs .
While this may seem to be an outrageous claim , a review of the many ways in which gluten intolerance can adversely affect the body will illustrate this point .
So , let ’s work our way down from head to toe .
Celiac Disease Can Cause Hair Loss
Normal , healthy hair is usually glossy and thick .
An autoimmune disorder known as alopecia areata results in abnormal loss of hair , either in patches , or totally , and is one of many autoimmune disorders associated with celiac disease .
Malabsorption severe enough to cause malnutrition can also result in thin , sparse , fragile hair .
One of the outward signs of hypothyroidism is thinning hair and a loss of the outer third of the eyebrow ; hypothyroidism is strongly associated with celiac disease .
How Celiac Disease Affects the Brain
Celiac.com Sponsor ( A12 ) :
Celiac.com Sponsor ( A12-m ) :
Headaches Common in Celiac Disease
Headaches are a very common symptom of wheat allergy , as well as gluten intolerance .
Migraines are common in those with celiac disease and gluten intolerance , as are sinus headaches .
These symptoms often decline dramatically after excluding gluten grains from the diet .
Sinus problems are common in those with celiac disease , gluten intolerance , and sensitivity to dairy products as well , and are often reversible by making dietary changes .
Some people with celiac disease seem to have an altered , highly acute sense of smell – for unknown reasons .
Night Blindness from Vitamin A Deficiency
Night blindness associated with vitamin A deficiency is reversible when malabsorption is resolved and with the addition of a vitamin A supplement .
Xeropthalmia , or chronic , often severe , dry eyes , is also related to severe vitamin A deficiency .
It is rare in developed countries , but can be found in some people with malnutrition due to celiac disease .
Canker Sores Common in Celiac Disease
Apthous stomatitis is the name for the mouth ulcers associated with food allergies and intolerances , and is strongly associated with celiac disease and gluten intolerance .
Even people who do not have gluten sensitivity get these once in a while but in those with gluten intolerance they are more frequent and especially long - lasting .
Dental Enamel Defects Can Indicate Celiac Disease
While they are usually identified in childhood , they can continue to cause problems throughout life , because they often lead to more frequent dental cavities .
Halitosis , or bad breath , is a reflection of our internal environment and gastrointestinal health , and is often present in those with untreated celiac disease , gluten sensitivity , or gut dysbiosis – an upset in the balance of our internal microorganisms caused by poor diet and other factors .
And , one of the autoimmune disorders strongly associated with celiac disease , and one of the most prevalent is Sjogren ’s syndrome , which impairs the normal production of body fluids like tears , saliva , and vaginal secretions .
Strong Link Between Celiac Disease & Eosinophilic Esophagitis
Following the path our food takes to the stomach , we can look for effects in the esophagus too .
Eosinophilic esophagitis is a rarely encountered inflammation in the tissue of the esophagus which makes swallowing painful and difficult and can result in bleeding ulcerations .
When doctors do see it , they sometimes test for celiac disease , since there is a strong correlation .
Fortunately , in cases where this condition is caused by gluten intolerance , this painful chronic disorder clears up on a gluten free diet , too .
GI Complaints Common in Celiac Patients
Now we ’re getting to the area most people associate with gluten intolerance – the gastro - intestinal system .
In the past , celiac disease was usually described as causing gas , diarrhea , bloating , discomfort , cramping , and malabsorption .
But as you ’ve already seen above , there is a whole lot more to this disorder , and we ’re only halfway to the toes .
Celiac Can Be Misdiagnosed as IBS
In addition to the above symptoms , the body ’s reaction to gluten can cause inflammation anywhere , but a common location is in the illeo - cecal junction and the cecum .
This can sometimes be confused with appendicitis , or ovarian pain or an ovarian cyst in women experiencing right - sided lower abdominal discomfort .
Irritable bowel syndrome is suspected to affect at least 10 - 15 % of adults ( estimates vary ) .
It is differentiated from IBD , or inflammatory bowel disorders ( which include Crohn ’s disease and ulcerative colitis ) .
But , taken together , there are an awful lot of people out there with uncomfortable gut issues .
One fact to consider is that many of those with celiac disease were previously , and wrongly , misdiagnosed with IBS before discovering they actually had celiac disease .
Kidney & Urinary Problems
Let ’s take a look at the urological system .
Even though gluten from the food we eat is n’t directly processed here , can it still be affected ?
The answer is yes .
Kidney problems in association with celiac disease are well documented , including oxalate kidney stones .
Bladder problems are increasingly shown to be responsive to a gluten - free diet .
This is kind of my specialty and I would estimate that about a quarter of those with interstitial cystitis , and many people with recurrent urinary tract infections , have a sensitivity to gluten .
Even prostate inflammation in some men can be triggered by eating gluten grains .
Adrenal Fatigue in Celiac Disease
Sitting just atop the kidneys are our adrenal glands .
They have a difficult job , helping to direct our stress response system , our immune system , and our hormone output , and controlling inflammation in the body .
Every time we experience a reaction to gluten , and our adrenals respond by sending out a surge of cortisol to help control inflammation , we are depleting our adrenal reserve .
When this happens chronically , over time , our adrenal system cannot keep up and becomes fatigued .
Symptoms of adrenal fatigue have far - reaching consequences throughout the body , including , of course , feeling fatigued and run down .
But , adrenal fatigue can also affect our hormones , our blood sugar regulation , our mental acuity , our temperature regulation , and our ability to cope with food allergies , environmental allergies , and infections .
Celiac Disease Common in Hepatitis Patients
Can the liver , the body ’s largest internal organ , be affected by gluten intolerance too ?
One example is autoimmune hepatitis , in which can be untreated celiac disease can be found in large numbers .
Early screening testing for celiac disease is now strongly recommended for patients diagnosed with autoimmune hepatitis .
Gluten Intolerance , Pancreas and Blood Sugar
The pancreas , which is key in blood sugar regulation , is highly affected by gluten intolerance .
Autoimmune disease triggers the development of Type I Diabetes , and is becoming more closely associated with celiac disease .
Testing for celiac disease is now becoming a routine part of examination when a child develops Type I Diabetes , and now that physicians are looking for celiac disease in juvenile diabetes , they ’re finding it with greater frequency .
Blood sugar regulation problems are also associated with non-diabetic hypoglycemia in those with gluten intolerance , and appear to resolve with a low - glycemic gluten free diet .
Celiac Disease Can Affects Limbs and Extremities
So , we ’ve covered most of the body ’s major internal systems .
Now , let ’s look at the extremities , our upper and lower limbs , where gluten - associated problems are also found .
Ehlers - Danlos Syndrome , a collagen disorder resulting in shoulder , elbow , and wrist joints that dislocate easily ( and other characteristics ) is a genetic disorder that may also be associated with celiac disease .
I had mild symptoms of this disorder as a child , but never knew it had a name until I ran across it recently .
With a child who has this disorder , a simple game of swinging a child by the arms , or swinging a child between two sets of their parent ’s arms , can result in a trip to the emergency to put their joints back into proper alignment .
This is not to say that a reaction to gluten causes this genetic disorder , but that if you have a personal or family history of Ehlers - Danlos Syndrome , and symptoms that may be related to celiac disease , you should consider being tested .
Arthritis Associated with Celiac Disease
Rheumatoid arthritis is another of the autoimmune disorders associated with celiac disease , and often affects the fingers with crippling joint deformation .
Other joints in the body can also be affected .
Scleroderma is another terribly disfiguring and sometimes fatal autoimmune disorder affecting every part of the body .
It is often first identified in the extremities , particularly the fingers .
In scleroderma , normal tissue loses it ’s flexibility as the body ’s autoimmune response produces inflammation and an overproduction of collagen .
Collagen is the tough fibrous protein that helps form connective tissues including tendons , bones , and ligaments .
Excess collagen is deposited in the skin and body organs , eventually causing loss of function .
Scleroderma can be associated with celiac disease .
Skin Conditions Common in Celiac Patients
The arms and legs are also common spots for yet another autoimmune disorder , psoriasis , to develop .
Some patients with psoriasis are responsive to a gluten - free diet , but unfortunately , not everyone .
Another skin condition that often shows up on the arms is dermatitis herpetiformis ( DH ) , although this itchy blistering skin rash can occur in other places as well .
Common sites are the backs of the elbows and the backs of the knees , or on the lower legs .
Peripheral Neuropathy Common in Celiac Disease
Peripheral neuropathy is a disorder that results in numbness , tingling , and sometimes severe nerve pain in the extremities .
Finger , hands , toes , feet , and lower legs may all be affected .
Although usually associated with diabetes , peripheral neuropathy shows up fairly frequently in those with celiac disease , and is fortunately reversible on a gluten free diet supplemented by B-vitamins and some specific amino acids .
Peripheral neuropathy is usually associated with older people , but some of the cases I ’ve observed recently have been in very young children who had severe malabsorption issues .
Fortunately they healed quickly and their neuropathy symptoms resolved completely .
Malabsorption and Vitamin Deficiency
There a few last symptoms related to malabsorption that tend to show up in those with celiac disease or gluten intolerance .
Easy bruising and bleeding , either due to a deficiency of Vitamin K , or to an autoimmune platelet disorder , is one .
Rickets , or osteomalacia – a softening of the bones in the legs related to vitamin D deficiency – is another .
As we said before , inflammation goes along with celiac disease and gluten intolerance , and a common site for inflammation is the lower extremities .
Sometimes this can be profound , and trigger doctors to think heart disease , but it ’s often unresponsive to Lasix and other diuretics .
This condition , too , may also clear up on a gluten - free diet .
As for me , I ’ll be happy to be gluten - free , from head to toe .
It 's now official .
The new generation of high - tech hovering aircraft - namely the famous V - 22 " Osprey " tiltrotor and the upcoming F - 35B supersonic stealth jump - jet - have an unforeseen flaw .
Their exhaust downwash is so hot as to melt the flight decks of US warships , leading Pentagon boffins to look into refrigerated landing pads .
Talk about a hot ship
Stories of buckled flight decks caused by Osprey exhaust have been circulating for a while , but confirmation that the issue is seen as serious comes with the issue of a military request for proposals yesterday for " thermal management systems ( TMS ) for aircraft landing decks " .
The proposal makes it clear that the Osprey - which is now in active combat service with the US Marines following a painful twenty - year gestation - has already been fingered as a deck - damaging craft .
The F - 35B stealth jumpjet , which has just commenced hover flight testing , is also expected to be fielded soon by the Marines , and could be an even worse pad-melter .
According to the request :
The deployment of the MV - 22 Osprey has resulted in ship flight deck buckling that has been attributed to the excessive heat impact from engine exhaust plumes .
Navy studies have indicated that repeated deck buckling will likely cause deck failure before planned ship life .
With the upcoming deployment of the F - 35B Short Take Off and Vertical Landing ( STOVL ) Joint Strike Fighter ( JSF ) , it is anticipated that the engine exhaust plumes may have a more severe thermo-mechanical impact on the non-skid surface and flight deck structure of ships .
Currently , there are no available strategies to mitigate deck buckling and thermal - mechanical deck failure other than heavy structural modifications .
The jarheads * will want to operate their new machines from their existing helicopter - carrier amphibious assault vessels , which can't practically be torn apart and refitted with massively reinforced upper decks as this would be likely to make them capsize .
Similarly it would be extremely difficult to refrigerate the whole deck from beneath .
Hence the Marines would like someone to invent " a system that can be installed on top of the existing decks " , capable of resisting the hot breath of the F - 35B and less than one inch thick .
It should also , of course , be tough enough not to suffer any damage from the aircraft landing on it .
This miracle fridge - sheet assembly should be covered with " thermally stable non-skid " finish - this latter perhaps incorporating " amorphous metal coatings " .
For help in the project , the Marines have of course turned to DARPA - really the only people to call when the exhaust of your super - advanced hovership requires a refrigerated landing pad , we 'd suggest .
The full solicitation can be read in pdf here . ®
* US Marines are so called owing to their dislike of having any visible hair on the sides of their heads , or any longer than about 1 mm on the top .
The Marines are n't as tough as they think they are - frankly , nobody could be that tough - but even so , jocular commentary on their coiffure is normally offered only from a safe distance .
An artist has recreated stills from some of his favourite movies using nothing more than brown parcel tape .
At first glance it appears they could have been made using state - of - the - art computer software but these images are created by layering strips of ordinary brown tape over each other ...
Credit : Mark Khaisman / Solent
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
I 'm old - school : I went to the bank to make a deposit today .
( I make most of my deposits in person , inside the branch . )
While I waited , I chatted with the teller , whom I know from many previous visits .
“ I 'm writing a book about money , ” I told him .
“ What 's the one thing you wish you could tell people about banking ? ”
“ Save ! ” he said .
He told me there 's a huge generation gap between savers and spenders .
“ The people who save are generally older .
They do n't look like they have money , but they do .
They 've got a ton in their savings account and they chase the best CD rates .
But the reason they have money is because they did n't spend it when they were younger .
They 've been able to let it grow . ”
“ And that 's not what kids today are doing ? ” I asked .
“ No way , ” he said .
“ The young people I see spend all their money .
They 're trying to impress their friends .
They buy all this new stuff .
Their bank balances are always low .
They 're not going to have money saved like the older generation does . ”
Then he gave me another great example .
“ There are people who come in here and you can see why they have money .
You look at their account history , and the only thing that comes out is the big stuff , like their mortgage or their utilities .
There are n't a lot of $ 5 or $ 6 transactions . ”
I laughed and said , “ I 'll bet most people have tons of little stuff . ”
“ Oh yeah , ” he said .
“ It 's all little stuff .
But it 's that little stuff that kills you .
That 's what will make it so you do n't have anything saved when you 're older . ”
Before I left , I asked him if he had any tips or tricks I should put in my chapter on banking .
We talked about a couple of ideas , and then he came up with something moderately clever ( though it applies to just a few people ) : “ If you 're going to overdraw your account , ” he said .
“ Do it all at once . ”
“ What do you mean ? ” I asked .
“ Well , let me give you an example .
The other day , a lady called me to complain about overdraft fees .
She 'd been hit with a bunch of them at the same time .
But when I looked at her transactions , I could n't believe it .
She 'd gone to the same grocery store four times on the same day , so she was hit with four overdraft fees .
If she 'd just gone once , she 'd still have overdrawn her account — but only once . ”
The teller also mentioned that nobody seems to know their bank balance anymore .
“ They do n't use a check register , ” he said , “ so they have to call to ask how much they have .
But the problem is that what we show you have and what you actually have can be two very different things .
It can take up to a week for some transactions to show up .
You should track your spending , and not just trust what the ATM says . ”
I thanked the teller — who looks like he 's 25 , by the way — and left .
I wonder if it 's true that there 's a generation gap in saving .
Has the older generation always saved ?
Or did they start out trying to impress their friends , too ?
I feel like I 'm at a middle point , moving from the “ spend to impress ” mode of operating to a “ who cares what other people think ? ” way of life .
The latter is more liberating and it helps my bank balance .
I 'm going to try to find time to interview my neighbor for my book 's banking chapter .
I think she 's a manager at a nearby bank .
I 'd be curious to see what advice she has for people .
But really , it does n't seem like there are a lot of fancy things you can do with a bank account .
As long as you 're saving , you 've shopped around for a good account , and you 're not afraid to ask to have fees waived , I think you 're golden !
It 's well and good that Congress vote to stop filling the US Strategic Oil reserve because the US already has billions of barrels in the ground in Alaska - - entire oil fields capped and drilled , but kept off the market .
The filling of the Strategic Petroleum reserve is merely one more attempt to keep fuel in short supply .
I will be blunt .
There is a conspiracy to raise fuel prices and it is pernicious .
No one is targeting the collusion we see daily between the oil companies .
Fred Cederholm in a Baltimore Blog noted these careful observations during the latest and suspicious run up in gas prices - - too rapid and too well coordinated to be a result of natural market demands .
" It must have been some pricing strategy by all of the fuel retailers because the spike [ of 13 cents a gallon ] occurred everywhere , regardless of the company or the brand , at almost the same moment [ within 2 hours ] ...
I had already been on - line checking world - wide news and developments when a friend and neighbor stopped at the house to tell me I had better fill up immediately because a price jump was coming .
I logged off and topped off my gas supplies for all of my fuel thirsty vehicles and gizmos .
I then went back on - line to find out why the spike occurred .
I found not one single development , catastrophe , or explanation .
I found nothing to justify the jump ! "
Later , the media will always be fed some event used to justify the increase , just like their servile explanations that " the stock market rose today due to some company performing better than expected . "
Nonsense .
PUBLIC NEEDS TO DEMAND OPENING OF THE GULL ISLAND OIL FIELD I have long maintained that the US government is purposely keeping US oil discoveries off the market in order to allow insider oil companies to drive up prices and save US supplies for the next war .
Evidence continues to confirm that charge .
A massive oil / natural gas field exists under Gull Island , located in the waters of Prudhoe Bay in Alaska , according to Lindsay Williams .
Williams was an Alaska oil field Chaplain who was so successful at boosting moral during the building of the Alaskan pipeline that he was given special access to many high level meetings at the Atlantic Richfield company .
At one of those meetings , he witnessed , first hand , discussions confirming a successful find of a massive new oil field near Prudoe Bay in Alaska - - at Gull Island the day before the meeting .
A few days later , the chief operating officer of Atlantic Richfield for Alaska , Ken Fromm , who had invited Williams to the meeting , called him and told him he must never mention this new discovery -- that the US government had classified it and was ordering it capped .
It is still being held off the market and is not part of the environmental lock - down of oil in the Arctic National Wilderness .
Williams was given a British Petroleum memoranda [ probably by Fromm ] which related the statements of upper echelon oil officials from Arco which said that Gull Island would be kept under wraps , limiting domestic supplies so Americans would someday see prices hit up to $ 10 a gallon at the pump .
Lindsey Williams decided to violate that informal ban and publish a book , The Energy Non-Crisis , about the scandal .
Ken Fromm was finally fired by Atlantic Richfield for allowing Williams in on the meeting and for helping correct technical details in Williams ' book .
He told Williams that the Powers That Be were making sure his book would be suppressed and would not get any establishment media coverage .
Here 's an excerpt from Chapter 17 The Energy Non-Crisis .
The entire book is online and on U - tube videos : http://educate-yourself.org/cn/lindsywillaimsvideos22may07.shtml
" Gull Island just proved what the oil companies have believed for some time .
It authenticated the seismographic findings .
Seismographic testing has indicated that there is as much crude oil on the North Slope of Alaska as in Saudi Arabia .
Since the Gull Island find proved to be seismographically correct , then the other testings are correct also .
There are many hundreds of square miles of oil under the North Slope of Alaska .
" To clarify what I am about to say , let me first re-emphasize that the government permitted the oil companies to drill and prove many sites ( subsequently making them cap the wells and keep the proof of the finds secret ) , but they do not allow them to produce from the wells .
This is why I have referred ( below ) to a number of wells having been drilled ( after I left the North Slope ) .
The only production permitted is from the small area of the North Slope .
" Gull Island is located five miles off shore from Prudhoe Bay .
It is in the Beaufort Sea .
The chemical structure of the oil at Gull Island is different from that of the oil in the Prudhoe Bay field and the pressure of the field is different , proving that it is a totally different pool of oil from that at Prudhoe Bay ...
Three wells have been drilled , proven , and capped at Gull Island .
The East Dock well also hit the Gull Island oil pool ( you can tell by the chemical structure ) .
For forty miles to the east of Gull Island , there has not been a single dry hole drilled , although many wells have been drilled .
This shows the immensity of the size of the field .
" Only recently , just west of Gull Island , the Kuparuk oil field has been drilled .
Again , this is a totally separate pool of oil from either the Prudhoe Bay field or the Gull Island field .
The chemical make up of the field and the pressure of the field is different from the others , proving it to be a totally separate pool of oil .
In an entirely different area of the North Slope than the 100 - square - mile area of the Prudhoe Bay field , the Kuparuk field is approximately 60 miles long by 30 miles wide and contains approximately the same amount of oil as the Prudhoe Bay field .
" From 1973 through 1980 we were being told continually that America was in the midst of a major energy crisis , yet no oil production was allowed from the Kuparuk field .
It was n't until 1981 that permission was finally granted for production .
Why the delay -- if there really was a crisis ?
The reason Mr. X made the statement that there is as much crude oil on the North Slope of Alaska as in all of Saudi Arabia is because the oil companies have drilled all over the North Slope and have proven there is that much oil there , but still they are only allowed to produce from the small area . "
" Americans will also be shocked to know that almost all Alaskan crude is shipped overseas ( most to Japan ) while America has to import most of its oil .
" Possibly you have heard it stated that the Alaskan crude oil has such a high sulphur content that it cannot be refined by most oil refineries in the U.S.
We are being told that this is the reason why the Alaskan oil is not helping to solve America 's energy crisis .
This is also the excuse that is being used for shipping Alaskan crude oil to other countries .
It has also been reported that major power companies are even telling this to their customers , using it to justify their need for rate increases .... [ However ]
An August 11 , 1980 , analysis of the Prudhoe Bay crude oil , which is flowing in the Trans - Alaska Oil Pipeline , reads as follows : Sulphur content - 0.9 %
The sulphur content of the Prudhoe Bay Alaskan oil is low in comparison to oil from other sources in the U.S. , as well as many foreign oils . "
World Affairs Brief - Commentary and Insights on a Troubled World .
Copyright Joel Skousen .
Partial quotations with attribution permitted .
Cite source as Joel Skousen 's World Affairs Brief http://www.worldaffairsbrief.com
A new " silver fern visa " will lure young highly skilled workers from around the world to New Zealand , Immigration Minister Jonathan Coleman announced today .
The new policy will be implemented next April , giving people the opportunity to look for long - term work for up to nine months .
Once they have a job , people could apply for a two - year working visa , which could possibly lead to residency under the Skilled Migrant Category .
" The National - led Government made a pre-election promise to attract higher - level skills to New Zealand and today 's policy announcement delivers on that promise , " Dr Coleman said .
" In the global competition for skills , we need to encourage young , career - minded people to choose New Zealand as long term destination . "
There will only be 300 places initially available for people aged between 20 and 35 years old .
" I think it 's important to acknowledge that migration is a key economic enabler .
It gives New Zealand businesses international connections , and provides skills to transform our economic landscape .
" However , it 's all about attracting the right skills and matching those skills with the employment needs of our economy .
" I am confident that the silver fern visa will achieve that , because the young migrants eligible under this policy will need to prove their value to New Zealander employers , " Dr Coleman said .
Submitted by Al Galves .
Al Galves is a retired psychologist who lives in Las Cruces , New Mexico .
He is the author ofLighten Up. Dance With Your Dark Side .
You can find him on his website here .
His email address is : agalves2003@yahoo.com
The health of psychosis :
What about psychosis , the most extreme and bizarre of “ mental illnesses ” ?
The key symptoms of psychosis are hallucinations , delusions , disorganized speech and bizarre behavior such as talking to people who do n’t appear to be there .
What could be the value of that ?
I believe that psychosis is a protective and life - affirming move of the psyche in response to extreme desperation , fear , terror about the prospect of having to live in the real world with real human beings .
I ’m not the only one .
Psychologist John Weir Perry spent lots of time with many people who had been diagnosed with schizophrenia .
He came to see that state of being as a deeply motivated move by the psyche to reconstitute itself .
All of the people he came to know had suffered a severe blow to their self - concept and were experiencing a severe sense of negative self - image .
The symptoms of psychosis were a compensating move .
In an effort to compensate for a severely debased self - image , the psyche took on the persona of an exalted , powerful figure .
Although it can be seen as healthy in the sense that it is more life - affirming than killing oneself or hurting someone else , the discrepancy between the negative self - image in the real world and the exalted figure in the imaginary world sets up an unstable psychic situation full of a sense of unreality and anxiety .
Here is Perry ’s insight :
“ It seems that when the psyche cannot progress further into the next steps of experience so encumbered by this very negative self - image – especially at times of great crises of ebullient falling in love or hurtful falling into rejection – a change is initiated . ”
The person ’s psychic energy is attracted to the exalted , powerful , capable but unreal , imaginary persona and leaves the higher level , the rational part of the psyche stripped of its usual energy and hence in a state of disorganization .
Perry spent lots of time with a large number ( 50 or more ) of people diagnosed with schizophrenia .
He found that their delusions , hallucinations and fantasies had similar themes .
People see themselves at the center of things , in a central role , involved in some kind of cosmic conflict , a battle between good and evil , God and the Devil , communism and democracy .
They see themselves as having been elevated to divine status , perhaps involved in a sacred marriage with God or spirit .
They often feel as if they are being reborn and are participating in the creation of a new society .
If they are helped to go through the process , they often find themselves in a more complete , balanced , whole world and are able to come out of it more balanced and whole themselves .
Here is Perry again :
“ The pre-psychotic make - up , with its assumption of unlovability , …suffers a difficult combination of feelings of crushing insignificance and or superlative prestige - hunger .
In other words , the initial tendency of the ( exalted , powerful persona ) is to prompt the ego to seek out a balm for unacceptability in the form of some absolute mastery .
The psychotic process habitually puts this power - oriented form of the self through a transformation that awakens the potentials for relationship and gives them their rightful place in the structure of the personality and in the style of life . ”
This makes sense to me .
I believe that psychosis is the psyche ’s way of protecting itself from having to live in a world full of toxic human beings , a way of avoiding the impossibility of living up to the expectations that have been thrust upon one and of taking on the responsibilities of an adulthood that is way too scary to enter .
I ’m reminded of psychologist Alice Miller ’s dictum that all you have to do create a mentally ill person is two things : first , do n’t let them be who they are and , second , when they get angry about that , do n’t let them be angry .
Unable and unwilling to live in the real world of real people , the psyche creates its own world and enters into a process of seeking safety , health and wholeness in that imaginary world .
I do n’t believe people choose this experience .
Rather , it is driven by a part of themselves that is much deeper and smarter than their rational side .
If they could only use their rational sides , they might kill themselves or others .
I believe all persons who are diagnosed with schizophrenia have been abused , neglected , discounted , dismissed , in some way traumatized in their early lives .
It ’s significant that the first psychotic break typically occurs just as the person is having to take on the burdens and expectations of adulthood .
They are not prepared to do that , are terrified by the prospect , and find a creative way of avoiding it .
In my years as a psychotherapist , I got to know two such persons .
One was a woman in her mid-40 ’s who had experienced every kind of abuse and trauma you can think of .
I noticed that , when she was in trouble or applying for some kind of assistance , she was grounded and lucid .
She made perfect sense .
But when she was in the safety and comfort of my office she would say delusional things .
Why would that be ?
I think she was constantly testing me to see how I would react when she would say things like , “ I was christened by the first pope ” or “ Abraham Lincoln lived from 1968 to 1903 . ”
I would react by saying something like “ But the first pope lived 1500 years ago ” and she would reply with , “ Oh , I mean the pope today . ”
By doing that , I passed the test because I was willing to stay engaged with her , to play her game , to stay connected with her .
One of the functions of the delusions is to push people away .
People have been toxic and such persons want to have nothing to do with them , for good reason .
If I knew then what I know now , I would have encouraged her in her fantasy of being important and exalted enough to have been christened by the first pope .
And I would have asked her what her relationship with Abraham Lincoln was ?
One day , we were sitting in my office .
She looked at me and said , “ Al , you look tired . ” I said , Yes , I am tired . ”
“ You need to talk to the moon more ” was her suggestion .
This helped me to see that one of the functions of hallucinations and bizarre behavior is to make life interesting .
Persons diagnosed with schizophrenia are extremely isolated .
They are good at pushing people away and finding ways of distancing themselves .
So they need some way of engaging with life that is less dangerous than connecting with real people .
The other person I got to know well was an 18 - year - old boy .
He also had been abused , neglected and traumatized repeatedly in early life .
One day while we were driving in my car he said , “ See that guy standing on the corner . ” “ Yes ” , I replied .
“ He ’s reading my thoughts . ”
Why does he want to read your thoughts ? ” I asked .
“ Because I ’m important .
They want to know what I ’m thinking . ”
This helped me see that one of the functions of the delusions is to help people feel exalted and elevated .
As some wise person pointed out , when people ’s thoughts are being intercepted , it is usually not by the next door neighbor or the barber but , rather , by the FBI , Homeland Security or Trilateral Commission .
It also came to me that one of the functions of hearing voices is it enables people to avoid taking responsibility for their behavior or thoughts .
It is n’t me that is thinking that or urging that behavior .
It ’s the voices .
So I do n’t subscribe to the belief that schizophrenia is caused by chemical imbalances or genetic dynamics .
That turns human beings into random organisms who have no control over their behavior .
Human beings are not random organisms .
They are meaning - making organisms who are born with powerful desires to love the way they want to love , be connected to others of their species and work the way they want to work .
When those powerful desires are frustrated and when it appears absolutely impossible for them to satisfy those desires , they become desperate and , in desperation , they retreat into an altered state of being .
The idea that any state of being which can be experienced by a human being is alien , diseased and worthy of being immediately extinguished does n’t make any sense to me .
Human beings have been evolving for more than 30 million years .
Any state of being which has survived through the process of natural selection must have some survival value .
The way in which our society treats people who experience the symptoms of schizophrenia is sickening , horrible .
We immediately pump them full of powerful antipsychotic drugs .
The drugs get in the way of the healing process in which the psyche is engaged and turn people into zombies and chronic mental patients .
What we should do is provide such people with a safe place in which they can live without any pressure to “ get better ” , “ stop saying those things ” or “ straighten up ” .
A place in which the staff will just be with them as they go through the healing process in which they are engaged .
A staff that will help them go through the experience , make some sense out of it , ultimately learn from it and come out the other side healthier , more balanced and more whole than when it started .
Amazingly , there were places like that in our country in the 1970 ’s and early 80’s .
They were called Soteria houses and they operated in the San Francisco Bay area from 1971 to 1983 .
A well - done study found that people who were treated in the Soteria house rather than the hospital did significantly better in terms of symptoms , social functioning , employment and relapse .
But that model was n’t in keeping with the biopsychiatric belief system that was taking over psychiatry .
And so , they were abandoned .
The bottom line here is that all states of being which are experienced by human beings have survival value and can help the person become healthier .
Even though they are painful , bizarre , scary and unwanted , they are there for a reason .
Therefore , we would do well to help people pay attention to them , experience them in a safe place and go through them rather than cut them off and extinguish them through the use of drugs and psychosurgery .
UPDATE 19/09 : it seems that some people had misunderstood the post title , so here is a clarification : I ’m not comparing Word with OpenOffice or something like that , the title refers to the design choices of OpenOffice in using Python 2.6 as an option for scripting language , it ’s a humorous title and should not be considered in literal sense .
This is a very simple , but powerful , Python script to call Google Sets API ( in fact it ’s not an API call – since Google does n’t have an official API for Sets service – but an interesting and well done scraper using BeautifulSoup ) inside the OpenOffice 3.1.1 Writer … anyway , you can check the video to understand what it really does :
And here is the very complex source - code :
from xgoogle.googlesets import GoogleSets def growMyLines ( ) : " " " Calls Google Set unofficial API ( xgoogle ) " " " doc = XSCRIPTCONTEXT.getDocument ( ) controller = doc.getCurrentController( ) selection = controller.getSelection ( ) count = selection.getCount ( ) ; text_range = selection.getByIndex(0 ) ; lines_list = text_range.getString ( ) .split ( "
" ) ; gset = GoogleSets( lines_list ) gset_results = gset.get_results ( ) results_concat = "
" .join( gset_results ) text_range.setString(results_concat ) ; g_exportedScripts = growMyLines ,
You need to put the “ xgoogle ” module inside the “ OpenOffice.org 3\Basis\program\python-core-2.6.1\lib ” path , and the above script inside “ OpenOffice.org 3 \Basis\share \Scripts \python ” .
I hope you enjoyed = ) with new Python 2.6 core in OpenOffice 3 , they have increased the productivity potential at the limit .
What amazes me is how a vague and intellectually bankrupt ( because it is so nebulous as to be used in ways that often wind up being contradictory ) term like “ free markets ” nevertheless gets accorded respect it does not deserve in popular discourse in the US , particularly in the media .
Well it turns out that the public is not so easily swayed .
A BBC survey of 29.000 people in 27 countries found that significant majorities , even in the US , thought more regulation and reform was needed to rein in capitalism gone amok .
Only 11 % said it was fine as is .
By contrast , 23 % of the total deemed it to be “ fatally flawed ” :
« Sparkle .
Stare .
Smolder .
Puke .
Random n’at . »
Sports Illustrated released their ranking of dirtiest NFL player , and once again , Hines Ward was elected by his peers as the dirtiest of the dirty .
This is not news because everyone hates the fact that Hines Ward is a tackling wide receiver who once took a player out for the season , stood up , kind of gloated about it , and then later that year said he ’d make that tackle again .
Not the classiest of players , but whatever , he ’s a Steeler .
If he played for any other team , I ’d hate his guts .
So readers have emailed me all , “ HINES IS THE DIRTIEST AGAIN ! ”
But screw that , look who rounded out the top ten !
Steelers safety Troy Polamalu ( 3.7 ) and Vikings defensive end Jared Allen ( 3.2 ) rounded out the top 10 .
TROYSUS POLAMALU ?!
DIRTY ?!
The man who prays 6,377 times a game ?
The man who goes to a church wherein the services are FOUR HOURS long ?
The man who heals people ?!
Who give his money to the poor ?
Who visits the homeless and hands them bags of food before driving off without thanks ?!
Dirty ?!
That ’s like calling Mother Teresa the most selfish nun that ever lived .
I want proof that Troysus is a dirty player because without that , these NFL players really are just a bunch of whiny sissies that can’t handle it when a talented safety regularly intercepts their shit , and when he ca n’t intercept their shit , he tackles them until their brains cry out for mercy .
Otherwise known as … FOOTBALL .
Cowboy the hell up , NFL sissies .
Put those big girl panties on , get out there , and take a tackle like a man , otherwise , I ’m sure there ’s a raging game of cricket or Hungry Hungry Hippo going on somewhere that you can get in on .
Go show those marbles who ’s boss and leave football to the men .
March 30 , 2009 Easy Homemade Artisan Bread ( In 5 Minutes ) by Jennifer Pallian BSc , RD
0 0 vote Article Rating
So this recipe has been floating around for a long time , gracing the blogs and the tables of many a foodie .
Personally , I was a bit skeptical .
I mean , what is the point of making bread if you are n’t going to knead it , fuss over it , watch it rise , punch it around …
Making homemade bread is about technique , timing , and experience .
Naturally , it comes with some bragging rights .
But this bread changes everything .
Anyone who can use a wooden spoon can make it .
It ’s simplicity makes it such that absolutely everyone has the ability to make gorgeous loaves of crusty outered , tender innard - ed bread .
To make the dough , you mix everything in a bowl .
That ’s it .
The initial rise takes two or more hours .
But this rise does n’t need to be babysat , as you let it grow until it collapses in on itself .
Then you take the resulting gloriously yeasty , puffy pile of dough , stick it in a tub , pop it in the fridge , and saw off a hunk whenever you have a hankering for fresh , warm bread .
Nothing to it .
The longer the bread stays in your fridge ( up to about two weeks ) , the more flavourful it becomes and the larger the air holes will be .
Others have said that it improves greatly by keeping it in the fridge for just 24 hours , and that the longer it is in there , the better it will be .
I personally thought it was scrumptious the very first day , and with my patience deficiency , there was no way in heck it was going to last more than a few days .
The “ five minutes a day ” thing really only refers to the active time once the dough is prepared ( i.e. cutting off a chunk , flouring it , and slashing it ) .
It takes a bit more than five to mix up the initial batch – maybe five - and - a - half , six minutes ?
Then on the day you bake it , it needs to rest for at least 40 minutes once it is shaped .
Plus about a half - hour in the oven .
But no time will be spent grunting and fretting as you might do when making bread the traditional way ….
which you may never do again , once you try making it this way !
Artisan Bread
Adapted from ” Artisan Bread in Five Minutes a Day , ” by Jeff Hertzberg and Zoë François
1 1/2 tablespoons yeast
1 1/2 tablespoons salt coarse salt ( kosher or sea salt )
3 cups water
6 1/2 cups unbleached , all - purpose flour , more for dusting dough ( * you can replace about 1 to 1 1/ 2 cups of white flour with any whole grain flour with great results ) .
Cornmeal
1 . In a large bowl , mix yeast and salt into 3 cups warm water .
Add flour , and stir to combine completely .
Let dough rise in a warm place for at least two hours , until it rises and collapses ( up to 5 hours – or even overnight wo n’t hurt it ) .
The dough may be baked at this point , or refrigerated for later use .
2 . Cover dough , but make sure it is not airtight – gases need to escape – and place in fridge .
When you are ready to use it , throw a small fistful of flour on the surface and use a serrated knife to cut off a piece of the size you desire .
( The authors recommend a 1 pound loaf – which means cutting off grapefruit - sized piece of dough ) .
Turning the dough in your hands , stretch the surface of the dough and tuck in under .
The surface will be smooth , and the bottom with be bunched .
3 . Dust a pizza peel ( or any flat surface – I use a rimless cookie sheet ) with cornmeal .
( This prevents sticking , and adds a nice , rustic crunch .
You can use flour instead , but you ’ll need to use a very generous dusting ) .
Allow dough to rest in a warm place for 40 minutes – longer ( up to an hour and a half ) if you use some whole wheat flour in place of the white , or if you make a larger loaf .
4 . Twenty minutes before baking , preheat oven to 450 degrees with baking stone ( or overturned baking sheet ) inside on the middle rack , plus a shallow pan on the top rack .
Throw a small fistful of flour over the dough , slash it 2 - 4 times with a serrated knife ( in a cross , a tic - tac - toe , or a fan ) , and slide it into the oven , onto the baking stone .
Throw 1 - 2 cups of tap water into the shallow pan , and quickly shut the oven door to trap steam inside .
Bake for 30 minutes , or until crust is well browned and bread sounds hollow when you knock on the bottom .
Sir David 's review was commissioned by the Government in February to explore failures of corporate governance and management of banks and other financial firms .
The draft version in July proposed 39 recommendations , most of which have been retained in the final draft .
However , as well as the changes to the pay proposals , Sir David 's final review has sprung a surprise on boards with the suggestion that they put all the directors up for annual election , as well as the chairman .
Key Signature : A minor , C Lydian
Time Signatures : 3/4 , 4/4 , 6/8
Special Songwriting Devices Used : Three - bar phrases , Polymeter , Polyrhythm , Modal harmony
Structure : Verse - Refrain - Verse - Refrain-C-D-C-D-C-Outro
Hover your mouse over terms underlined with dots ( like this ) for more information .
If you ’re following along with the album version rather than the video , subtract 5 seconds from any time stamps listed below to account for the video lead - in .
This blog mostly concerns itself with what can loosely be considered pop music , but today ’s song violates what is perhaps pop ’s most sacred and universal characteristic : structure .
It ’s not that “ Ready , Able ” has no structure , but it certainly is n’t your typical verse - chorus - verse .
While a traditional pop song is designed to grab your attention and get to the hook ASAP , Grizzly Bear has no patience for people with no patience .
And to those who wait , the payoff is that much sweeter .
A Narrative Of An Average Listener Experiencing This Song For The First Time ( click to enlarge : )
“ Ready , Able ” starts with a sparse and confusing instrumental passage , which you eventually realize is part of the verse .
Like the claymation monsters of the video that appear both happy and sad , you ca n’t tell whether to be scared by the droning , tribal mysteriousness of the rhythm section , or amused by the playful , almost upbeat vocal melody .
You ’re relieved to hear a chord –the first one in the song–at 0:42 .
This is the start of a new , more palatable section : the refrain .*
Here Grizzly Bear builds anticipation for something that never comes .
Right as the music sounds like it ’s about to reach the tonic , the whole damn thing cuts back to the verse like a movie that ends on a cliffhanger , cutting to black at the most crucial moment .
( And you still have no idea what “ Rosebud ” means … )
Read more …
The verse draws its tension from rhythmic confusion , sparseness , and lack of harmony .
draws its tension from rhythmic confusion , sparseness , and lack of harmony .
The refrain creates tension with full , but unresolved harmony .
And now you ’re brought right back into the verse .
A push - and - pull dynamic is created with two different kinds of tension :
After the second refrain , you are led to a surprising , but also cohesive and highly gratifying climax at 1:53 ( the C section ) which starts on an A minor chord and continues to build throughout the second half .
It ’s gratifying not only because of the lush production and arrangement elements that kick in , but because it took 2 damn minutes to get to the I chord !
As shown in the image above , the music video works in the opposite manner .
It starts off a little odd and then morphs into something truly bizarre .
To better understand what ’s so off about the verses , let ’s go right into a rhythmic play - by - play :
Two Time Signatures Simultaneously – Polymeter
Read the disclaimer for this section .
Disclaimer : Phil pointed out to me that the verses of this song could be more succinctly written and understood as 12/8 , rather than my more complicated explanation of calling it 3/4 and 4/4 ( with the later sections in 6/8 half time ) .
If you count the verses in 12/8 , they begin to make a lot more sense .
I instinctively heard this section in small beat groupings ( possibly because of the odd rhythmic patterns and lack of a steady drum beat ) , however , so I ’m keeping this section as is for the sake of posterity .
The verses consist of 24 - beat phrases demarcated by a kick drum .
It ’s hard to tell what ’s going on : the vocals do n’t quite match up with the percussion and those harp glissandos seem to sneak up and jump out at you from behind the bushes when you least expect them to .
What ’s going on here ?
What you ’re hearing is called polymeter –the simultaneous use of 2 or more time signatures sharing a common pulse .
The verses in “ Ready , Able ” juxtapose a 3/ 4 waltz ( the vocals and harp ) on top of 4/4 ( percussion ) .
In this case , the shared pulse is the duration of the quarter note .
Only after 24 beats do both time signatures start their down beats at the same time .
24 is a good number for polymeter because it can be evenly divided by the most common beat groupings : 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , and 8 .
As a consequence , these 24 - beat phrases also transition nicely into the refrain in 6/8 at half tempo .
Now let ’s move on to polymeter ’s evil twin sister : polyrhythm .
Two Types of Beat Divisions Simultaneously – Polyrhythm
Congratulations , you ’re about to dive head first into the metaphorical deep end of music theory .
Drummers and music nerds , get ready to geek out .
Polyrhythm is when two different kinds of beat divisions are used simultaneously ( not to be confused with beat groupings –that ’s polymeter ) .
In Western music , beats are typically subdivided in half .**
This type of division is called duple meter and looks like this :
One whole note = two half notes = four quarter notes = eight 8th notes = sixteen 16th notes = thirty - two 32nd notes
But there are other types of divisions , the most common of which is a triplet : when two beats are divided into three beats .
For example , three 8th note triplets take up the same amount of time as two regular 8th notes .
During the C section ( 1:53 ) , the lead synth ( a Synclavier ? ) has a tremolo effect that creates 16th note tripets over the regular 16th notes of the other instruments .
Here ’s a simplified notation of this rhythm ( click to enlarge ) :
UPDATE : I think it ’s safe to say that this is an Omnichord , not a Synclavier .
Welcome to Polyrhythmville .
And what ’s really trippy is we ’re in 6/8 .
While 6/8 rhythms are grouped in sets of 3 , each beat is still normally subdivided by multiples of two .
But here the total number of 16ths per measure is 18 – you do n’t see that number often in music–and all this on top of 12 beats–a concept so mindblowing that only underline and italics at the same time could possibly come close to expressing the insanity .
Half way through the D section , we hear this pattern again with a lofi hi hat sample .
We ’re beginning to see the number 3 take shape as a major theme in this song : beats grouped in 3s , beats divided by 3 , and finally , 3 - bar phrases :
Unusual Phrase Lengths
( See our explanation of bars , measures , & phrases for help with this section . )
In pop music , chord progressions and phrases typically last 1 , 2 , 4 , or 8 measures .
Deviating from this is a great way to shake up your songwriting without venturing into odd time signatures , which often means sacrificing accessibility .
It ’s hard for the average music listener to dance or rock to something in 5/4 or 7/8 , *** but they will have no problem dancing to 5 - or 7 - bar phrases in 4/4 .
That being said , when great songwriters use a device like this there ’s a reason for it , whether they ’re aware of that reason or feel its effect intuitively .
“ Ready , Able ” uses 3 - bar phrases throughout most of the second half , providing two advantages :
Vibe :
We ’re expecting 4 - bar phrases , so 3 - bar phrases have a cyclical , hypnotic effect .
It feels like the thought is not quite finished .
Lyrics :
If the D section had 4 - bar phrases , there would be a big empty space when the lyrics finish , or they would have had to write more lyrics and extend the melody .
By using 3 - bar phrases , Grizzly Bear is able to keep interest high while retaining their original lyrical and melodic idea .
But there ’s a problem .
In addition to being super weird and hip , these odd phrases are leaving people hanging .
There seems to be no destination .
Solution ?
A 4 - bar phrase at the end of each section .
Consider your thirst for finality quenched .
There ’s also an extra bar at the end of the refrain ( normally 4 - bar phrases ) to make room for a IV - 7 ( D minor 7 ) which has a strong pull to I - in this case .
» A Rhythmic Recap of “ Ready Able ” ( click to expand this section )
Verse 1 : Polymeter … 24 - beat phrases Vocals / harp : 3/4 ( waltz ) … 8 - bar phrases Drums / muted guitar / etc. : 4/4 … 6 - bar phrases
Polymeter … 24 - beat phrases Refrain 1 : 6/8 half time … 4 bars + 4 bars+1 bar
6/8 half time … 4 bars 4 bars + 1 bar Verse 2 : ( same as Verse 1 except the first 24 - beat phrase is cut short by 1 beat ) .
( same as Verse 1 except the first 24 - beat phrase is cut short by 1 beat ) .
Refrain 2 : ( same as refrain 1 )
( same as refrain 1 ) C section 1 : 6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars +3 bars + 4 bars
6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars +3 bars + 4 bars D section 1 : 6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars +3 bars +4 bars
6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars +3 bars + 4 bars C section 2 : 6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars
6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars D section 2 : 6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars +3 bars +4 bars
6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars +3 bars + 4 bars Outro : 6/8 half time … 3 bars + 4 bars
Single - Chord Harmony
( See our guides to chord abbreviations , tensions , and modes for help with this section . )
If you follow this blog , you ’re already aware of the trend of rap songs without music .
To the music snobs and hipsters frowning upon that concept , I am pleased to inform you that Grizzly Bear essentially does the same thing during the first verse of this song –there is no progression , only a vocal melody , lost in an enchanted forest of polymeter and the occasional harp gliss .
But of course , context is everything .
I doubt we ’ll be seeing Ying Yang Twins comparisons any time soon .
“ Wait ’ll You See My D… minor 7 . ”
During the second verse , Grizzly Bear seems to have added a very faint guitar or bass on the note C .
It seems that the key is now C major , the relative major from A minor .
With the vocal melody notes included , the overall harmony of this section seems to be a single , but very colorful chord normally reserved for Jazz : Cmaj9 ( 13 ) ( C , E , G , B , D , A ) .
In other words , every note in the key except F , which would be tension 11 .
11 is usually considered an “ avoid note ” on a major 7 chord .
But listen again .
There ’s a drum tuned to F# , which would be the tritone of the C major .
In the absence of a natural F , I ’m prepared to say that we ’re not in the relative major at all , we ’re in C Lydian and the chord is Cmaj7 ( 9 # 11 13 ) , which includes every single note of the key signature .
Lydian mode can be described as foreign and magical - sounding and the second verse of “ Ready , Able ” is no exception .
This mode is often used by film composers for dream sequences .
What ’s even more bizarre is that the # 11 drum is the lowest note in the section , making it sound especially dissonant .
I would n’t call the chord an inversion though , because the drum comes on very weak beats .
Other than C and tension # 11 , the lead vocal provides every other note in this chord .
Do n’t get me wrong : not all melody notes should be considered part of a song ’s essential harmony , but in this case the tensions ( 9 & 13 ) come on down beats at the beginning of the 8 - bar vocal phrases , the strongest beats possible during this section .
» More About The Harmony ( click to expand this section )
For further reinforcement of this harmony , there ’s a background harmony with 3 , 9 , and 7 , and the harp hits 7 on its way down to 13 .
Also listen for faint pizzicato strings plucking between C and G , with a few interjections of perfect fourth dyads ( DG and BE ) for some exotic flavor .
It ’s also worth noting that based on the way these notes are stressed dynamically , the string arrangement sounds displaced by one beat–that is , its down beat begins one beat after the drums and palm - muted guitar .
This gives the strings a light , playful feeling but also makes them sound somewhat detached from the rest of the music .
As stated earlier , the refrains create tension by never landing on I- .
It ’s also worth noting that the vocal melody single - handedly changes the chord progression with a major 6 interval on F , creating a second inversion D minor chord .
The C and D sections use one of my favorite progressions : I- , V- , IV - ( see also : “ My Love ” by Justin Timberlake and “ Ayo Technology ” by 50 Cent ) .
As I talked about in my Kanye analysis , the V minor usually sounds peculiar in a pop context , but it sounds at home in “ Ready , Able . ”
I was unable to find good guitar tab or piano transcriptions for this song online , so this will get you started if you ’re a Grizzly Bear fan and want to cover this for YouTube :
“ Ready , Able ” Chords – Simplified For Rhythm Guitar & Piano
( See our chord abbreviation guide for help with this section . )
Verse 1 : C ( single note only )
Refrain : F , Fmaj7 , to E- ( plus D - 7 during last measure )
Verse 2 : Cmaj7( no5 )
C section : A- , E- , D- ( pianists : start on A -/E )
D section : A- , E - 7 , D - 7
“ Ready , Able ” Chords – Full Harmony
Verses : Cmaj9 ( 13 )
Refrain : F , D-/F , Fmaj7 , D-/ F , to E - 7 ( plus D - 7 during last measure )
C Section : A- , E-add11 , D-
D section : A - 9 , E - 7 , D - 7( 13 ) ( add tension 11 to these chords when the string quartet comes in )
“ Ready , Able ” Chords – Functional Analysis
Verse 1 : Imaj9 ( 13 )
Refrain : VI , IV - / 3 , VImaj7 , IV - / 3 , to V - 7 ( plus IV - 7 during last measure )
C Section : I- , V- add11 , IV -
D section : I - 9 , V - 7 , IV - 7( 13 ) ( add tension 11 to these chords when the string quartet comes in )
This concludes my analysis .
If you ’ve read this far , you ’re probably an ultra music nerd like me and for that I salute you .
I might be imagining or missing some of tensions , so if you hear anything different or disagree with my analysis , feel free to leave a comment .
» Show Asterisk (*) Items for “ Ready , Able ” by Grizzly Bear : A Compositional Analysis ( click to expand )
" The time it takes to make each piece differs from figure to figure , " says Sipho .
" The quickest would probably be a Koi carp , but even that takes me around one hour to fold .
On the other hand for things like the praying mantis I took 20 hours of solid folding "
Credit : MABONA ORIGAMI / CATERS NEWS
New York City ’s Metropolitan Transit Authority [ MTA ] is experimenting with a literature program where quotes are delivered by announcement to subway and bus passengers .
This is to follow their original , pilot program of displaying poetry placards – successful enough to be copied by other metropolitan transportation services in North America – and complement their public art .
What makes this program unique is that the MTA is eschewing traditional , inspirational axioms and reaching for more , well , unusual material .
Here is one example of a recent actual Kafkaesque announcement on the New York City subway that incorporated an actual quote from the actual Franz Kafka , from his novel , The Metamorphosis :
“ MOVE CAUTIOUSLY THROUGH THE TRAIN AT ALL TIMES .
REMEMBER THAT AS GREGOR SAMSA AWOKE ONE MORNING FROM UNEASY DREAMS
HE FOUND HIMSELF TRANSFORMED IN HIS BED INTO A GIANT INSECT .
THANK YOU AND ENJOY YOUR DAY . ”
Now , Icarus Landing is happy to provide a lovely collection of similarly interesting , uncommon , curious , even weird little literary apothegmatic gems for the MTA [ and any other public transportation authorities worldwide interested in duplicating this program ] …
SIGMUND FREUD ON THE BUS
MTA bus passengers will be surprised and befuddled when , at 7:45 A.M. soon , the drivers all make this same announcement :
“ PLEASE MOVE TO THE REAR OF THE BUS .
RIDING IN A BUS IS THE PSYCHOLOGICAL EQUIVALENT OF A LONG REPRESSED DESIRE TO
RETURN TO YOUR MOTHER ’S WOMB AS SEMINAL SPERMATOZOA PROJECTED FROM A PROGENITORIAL PENIS .
THANK YOU . ”
FREDERICK NIETZSCHE ON THE TRAIN
Passengers on the New York City subway may be very startled when , at 7:14 A.M. shortly , the following announcement is made to everyone :
“ KEEP DOORWAYS CLEAR AT ALL TIMES .
OUT OF DAMP AND GLOOMY DAYS , OUT OF SOLITUDE , OUT OF LOVELESS WORDS DIRECTED AT US ,
CONCLUSIONS GROW UP IN US LIKE FUNGUS .
THANK YOU . ”
YOUSSEF AL - SAYIGH ON THE TRAIN
Passengers at all New York City subway stations will be delighted when , at 5:53 A.M. in the near future , they hear the following announcement :
“ CAUTION : STAY BACK OF THE YELLOW LINE AS TRAINS APPROACH .
YOU’LL BE SAD TO DEPART THIS STATION AND YOU WON ’T BE SAD TO DEPART .
YOU’LL FIND OUT WHY SOON , OR YOU MAY NEVER FIND OUT .
THANK YOU . ”
THE MTA ON THE MTA
People at Penn Station waiting for trains at 8:08 A.M. one morning will be both surprised and thoroughly confounded by this announcement :
“ ATTENTION :
THE NEXT TRAIN WILL ARRIVE AT 6:00 A.M. REGARDLESS OF WHAT TIME IT IS . ”
SOREN KIERKEGAARD ON THE TRAIN
Passengers waiting on all New York City subway station platforms will be utterly dumbfounded by the following announcement when it is made one day at 10:12 A.M. :
“ WARNING : STAY CLEAR OF THE TRACKS AT ALL TIMES .
FEAR IS ABSOLUTE .
FEAR IS NECESSARY .
WITHOUT FEAR WE WOULD ALL BE WALKING AROUND HALF SCARED TO DEATH .
THANK YOU . ”
SAMPLE MTA WARNING SIGN , TO BE INSTALLED AT KEW GARDENS STATION :
CAUTIONARY INSTRUCTION : DO NOT PUT YOUR FOOT IN YOUR MOUTH ON SUBWAY TRAINS .
INJURY MAY RESULT .
CHINESE PROVERB ON THE BUS
Passengers on all Manhattan bound buses are going to be stupefied to hear , at 2:30 P.M. on a Tuesday , the following instruction announced :
“ ATTENTION ALL BUS PASSENGERS :
BE SURE TO FIGHT A WOLF WITH A FLEX STALK .
PLEASE EXIT AT REAR . ”
MAHATMA GHANDI ON THE TRAIN
MTA subway passengers are going to be drummed into near zombification when , from 6:00 A.M. sharp to noon each day , the following will be loudly intoned every five minutes :
“ MONOTONY IS THE LAW OF NATURE .
LOOK AT THE MONOTONOUS MANNER IN WHICH THE SUN RISES .
THE MONOTONY OF NECESSARY TRANSPORTATION IS NECESSARILY MONOTONOUS . ”
THE MTA ON BUS PASSENGER MANAGEMENT
Passengers on all New York City buses will be shocked and flummoxed when , at 3:43 P.M. every Thursday , they simultaneously hear the following announcement :
“ PLEASE BE CONSIDERATE OF YOUR FELLOW PASSENGERS .
MOVE TO THE BACK OF THE BUS .
PAIR UP IN GROUPS OF THREE AND LINE UP IN SMALL CIRCLES OF TWO .
THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPERATION . ”
CONFUCIUS AT THE BUS STOP
Waiting passengers at the Canal Street bus stop will be perplexed by the following posted quotation :
MAN WHO STAND ON HILL WITH MOUTH OPEN WILL WAIT LONG TIME FOR PEKING DUCK TO DROP IN
FOR PEKING DUCK TAKE 24 HOURS PREPARE TIME WHEN CALL ORDERED AHEAD OF THEN .
SIGN TO BE ERECTED AT THE GRAND CENTRAL STATION MAP DISPLAY :
STUDY ROUTE MAPS THOROUGHLY TO LEARN WHERE YOU ARE GOING IF YOU WISH TO GET THERE AND NOT SOMEWHERE ELSE .
IF UNSURE ABOUT ASKING , DON ’T ASK .
BENJAMIN FRANKLIN ON THE SUBWAY
Passengers on the New York City subway will surely be stunned into physical paralysis when , at 1:56 P.M. on the third week of each month , they hear the following announcement :
“ ATTENTION ALL PASSENGERS :
REMEMBER NOT ONLY TO SAY THE RIGHT THING IN THE RIGHT PLACE BUT FAR MORE DIFFICULT STILL TO LEAVE UNSAID THE WRONG THING AT THE TEMPTING MOMENT .
TWO WRONG THINGS SAID DO NOT MAKE A RIGHT THING HEARD ANYMORE THAN TWO RIGHT THINGS HEARD LEAD TO A WRONG THING SAID .
TWO WRONG THINGS AND ONE RIGHT THING IMPLIED DO NOT MAKE A RIGHT OR WRONG THING INFERRED AND
TWO RIGHT THINGS AND A WRONG THING PRESUMED DO NOT MAKE A WRONG THING OR RIGHT THING DEDUCED .
NOW ASK YOURSELVES THIS : ARE YOU GOING THE RIGHT WAY OR THE WRONG WAY ?
OR BOTH ?
REMEMBER THAT IF UNSURE ABOUT ASKING , DON ’T ASK .
THANK YOU . ”
ANONYMOUS FATALIST ON THE TRAIN
During all unexpected delays , passengers on all trains will be maddened by the following announcement to be made at 20 - second intervals during the length of the delay :
“ ATTENTION ALL PASSENGERS :
GOD DIDN’T PROMISE DAYS WITHOUT PAIN , LAUGHTER WITHOUT SORROW , SUN WITHOUT RAIN ,
FLOWERS WITHOUT WEEDS , OR ON TIMES WITHOUT DELAYS .
NOW DID HE ?
WE NEEDN’T APOLOGIZE FOR THIS DELAY AS IT IS CLEARLY AN ACT OF COMBATIBILIST PREDESTINATION .
THANK YOU AND ENJOY YOUR DAY . ”
CHINESE PROVERB ON THE TRAIN
Passengers on the MTA will certainly be terrified to hear , at 11:07 A.M. presently , the following pronouncement :
“ WARNING !
DANGER !
DO NOT USE A HATCHET TO REMOVE A FLY FROM YOUR FELLOW PASSENGER’S FOREHEAD !
THANK YOU ! ”
SAMPLE MTA WARNING SIGN , TO BE SEEN AT THE 128th STREET STATION :
CAUTIONARY INSTRUCTION : DO NOT SHOOT YOUR MOUTH IN THE FOOT .
INJURY MAY RESULT .
AFRICAN PROVERB ON THE BUS
Passengers on the Long Island City crosstown running from midnight to 6:00 A.M. may be driven insane but hopeful when the following is interjected between all street announcements :
JEFFERSON AVENUE .
HOWEVER LONG THE NIGHT THE DAWN WILL BREAK .
MAIN STREET .
HOWEVER LONG THE NIGHT THE DAWN WILL BREAK .
PARK DRIVE .
HOWEVER LONG THE NIGHT THE DAWN WILL BREAK .
[ etc . ]
JEAN - PAUL SARTRE ON THE SUBWAY
Passengers on all New York City northbound trains at 2:22 P.M. everyday will surrender to bewilderment when they hear this announcement :
“ ATTENTION ALL PASSENGERS :
THIS TRAIN WILL PAUSE TEMPORARILY WHILE THE CONDUCTOR DECIDES IF HE SHOULD
BETRAY THE PROLETARIAT TO SERVE TRUTH OR BETRAY TRUTH IN THE NAME OF THE PROLETARIAT .
THANK YOU FOR WAITING . ”
Dubai , the Arabian city state that tried to turn itself into Manhattan - on - the - Gulf inside a decade , looks this weekend as if it may end up more like an expensive imitation of Sodom and Gomorrah .
No brimstone , no vengeful God , but still an awful lot of wreckage after an orgy of hedonistic excess .
This , until last week , was the world capital of greed , a Legoland of lolly , where flashy malls , artificial islands , and preposterous skyscrapers were run up in no time ; where monied chancers booked into £ 4,000 - a- night hotel rooms ; and where celebrities who did n't know better were lured into a place that was even gaudier than their own homes .
People said it was all built on sand , but , after the businesses at the core of the Dubai empire revealed a black hole of $ 80bn , we now know it was actually built on debt , semi-slave labour and the glossiest puffery that borrowed money can buy .
This , before we get down to the juicy details , is not how Gordon Brown saw it .
The Dubai dream was largely the creation of the late Sheikh Maktoum and his successor , the current ruler Sheikh Mohammed .
The day before Dubai 's shock debt announcement , the sheikh was in London .
According to UAE 's national news service , Gordon Brown said he was " impressed with the quick recovery made by the UAE economy and the measures made by the leadership and government there that led to minimal impact of that crisis on the country 's economy " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Once upon a recent time , this was true .
At the height of Dubai 's property bubble , developers competed to outdo each other and impress the sheikh with more and more outlandish projects at the city 's annual property show Cityscape .
Ski fields in the desert and the world 's largest shopping mall of 1,200 shops , complete with an aquarium housing 400 sharks , are among the projects already built , and plans for an underwater hotel .
Prospective buyers would queue for hours for the chance to purchase off - plan property .
Ten minutes later they would sell on to someone at the back of the queue for a £ 10,000 profit .
While the economy boomed , the city partied hard .
Dubai quickly became a favourite playground for Russian gangsters , Bollywood movie stars , and British footballers and their WAGs .
David Beckham and Michael Owen were among those splashing out on multimillion - pound properties on the Palm , while Brad Pitt and Denzel Washington were also rumoured to have homes there .
Paris Hilton made a version of her reality show in the bars and malls of city this year .
On any given night , parked out front the Grosvenor Hotel , with its popular bars , would be an eye - popping collection of the most expensive sports cars .
" Soon , " one sheik was quoted as saying , " every Count of Monte Cristo will be in Dubai .
In 10 years , only rich and famous people will live here . "
And the servants ?
" I would hope robots or clones will do all that by then . "
With Western cash came Western cultural norms .
Though foreign residents need a liquor licence to drink in their own homes , alcohol is widely available in hotel bars .
All - you - can - drink brunches where expatriates got sloshed on champagne became the favoured way of passing Friday afternoons .
While the Muslim community spent the holy day at the mosque , Westerners drank themselves legless .
It was at one of these infamous brunches that two Britons fell foul of the strict laws that govern the state .
Michelle Palmer , 36 , and Vince Acors , 34 , who had met for the first time that day , were sentenced to three months in prison in July 2008 after being arrested for having sex on the beach .
Not long after , British women Marnie Pearce and Sally Antia were jailed for adultery after their husbands told the police they were having affairs .
Yet Arab men will drink openly in hotel bars and prostitution is rife .
The Burj Dubai , the world 's tallest skyscraper at 818 m , disappears into the clouds high above this emirate of contradictions .
Dubai is an architectural odyssey , yet an urban planner 's worst nightmare which employed , until recently , 50 per cent of the world 's largest cranes .
The people of the more sedate and richer emirate of Abu Dhabi 70 miles down the road have often been said to shake their heads at the money its neighbour has wasted .
Abu Dhabi 's developments such as the breathtaking Yas Marina Circuit used in this year 's Formula One championship have been carefully planned .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Dubai has simply built bigger and bigger with little thought given to planning .
It was bound to fail : no city or region could sustain such growth – particularly as the oil that drove that expansion has been slowly running out .
The financial crisis simply exacerbated the long - term structural problems of its economy .
Last week 's announcement that Dubai World , the developer of the famous man-made Palm Jumeirah island development that can be seen from space , wanted a standstill on its repayments on a chunk of its $ 60bn indebtedness shocked the financial markets .
Banks in London and Edinburgh , such as HSBC and the Royal Bank of Scotland , had lent Dubai World billions of pounds .
Now there is the very real possibility that they will lose much of this as Dubai World defaults .
On the Palm , on the Persian Gulf 's man-made coastline , is the Atlantis Hotel , an imposing construction of two towers linked by a bridge .
Kylie Minogue sang at its star - studded opening last year , with spectacular fireworks visible for miles – a one - night jamboree that cost £ 20 m .
Dubai World could not have chosen a worse time to open the seven - star hotel .
Attracting Western tourists has been one of the pillars of Dubai 's gross domestic product growth , but as Westerners tighten the purse strings so Dubai 's tourism industry has started to wobble .
The fear now is that the dreams of Sheikh Mohammed could turn into an economic nightmare for both the emirate and the rest of the world .
Economists are analysing whether this is the disaster that will create a so - called W - shaped recession – that is , two collapses rather than just the one of a V - shape .
It might seem extraordinary that a tiny emirate of about 1.5 million people could cause such global turmoil , but Dubai is intertwined with some of the most everyday parts of the UK economy alone .
Dubai World owns P&O , the ferry operator , while Dubai International Capital ( DIC ) , the state 's international investment arm , has a 20 per cent stake in the company that runs Madame Tussauds , the London Eye and the Sea Life Centres .
The reciprocal nature of the UK and Dubai economies means that British firms are now coming to the rescue .
The Independent on Sunday can reveal that Dubai World 's big lenders , led by the UK - based institutions , have lined up the London - based financial restructuring team a accountants KMPG to salvage the $ 30 bn - plus they are owed .
A formal appointment is expected this week .
They will have their hands full .
Gulf state 's holdings : Small sample of Dubai 's global reach
Millions of dollars have been invested in Sheikh Mohammed 's passion : thoroughbred racehorses .
In Newmarket , he owns Dalham Hall stud farm and Godolphin stables .
The sheikh 's 4,000 acres in Ireland make him the largest farmer in the country .
He also owns 7,000 acres of paddocks in Britain and 5,000 acres of farmland .
Other assets owned by Dubai investors include :
* The QE2 , currently moored in Cape Town
* The Adelphi on the Strand and the Grand Buildings in Trafalgar Square
* A 20 per cent stake in Cirque du Soleil , the Canadian circus troupe
* Budget hotel chain Travelodge
* A stake in Merlin Entertainments , which runs Alton Towers , Madame Tussauds and the London Eye
* Scottish golf course Turnberry
* Chris Evert tennis clubs in the US
* A ski resort in Aspen , Colorado
* A 21 per cent stake in the London Stock Exchange
* Ports and ferries group P&O
The recent revelations of a International Energy Administration whistleblower that the IEA may have distorted key oil projections under intense U.S. pressure is , if true ( and whistleblowers rarely come forward to advance their careers ) , a slow - burning thermonuclear explosion on future global oil production .
The Bush administration 's actions in pressuring the IEA to underplay the rate of decline from existing oil fields while overplaying the chances of finding new reserves have the potential to throw governments ' long - term planning into chaos .
Whatever the reality , rising long term global demands seem certain to outstrip production in the next decade , especially given the high and rising costs of developing new super - fields such as Kazakhstan 's offshore Kashagan and Brazil 's southern Atlantic Jupiter and Carioca fields , which will require billions in investments before their first barrels of oil are produced .
In such a scenario , additives and substitutes such as biofuels will play an ever - increasing role by stretching beleaguered production quotas .
As market forces and rising prices drive this technology to the forefront , one of the richest potential production areas has been totally overlooked by investors up to now - Central Asia .
Formerly the USSR 's cotton " plantation , " the region is poised to become a major player in the production of biofuels if sufficient foreign investment can be procured .
Unlike Brazil , where biofuel is manufactured largely from sugarcane , or the United States , where it is primarily distilled from corn , Central Asia 's ace resource is an indigenous plant , Camelina sativa .
Of the former Soviet Caucasian and Central Asian republics , those clustered around the shores of the Caspian , Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan have seen their economies boom because of record - high energy prices , while Turkmenistan is waiting in the wings as a rising producer of natural gas .
Farther to the east , in Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan , geographical isolation and relatively scant hydrocarbon resources relative to their Western Caspian neighbors have largely inhibited their ability to cash in on rising global energy demands up to now .
Mountainous Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan remain largely dependent for their electrical needs on their Soviet - era hydroelectric infrastructure , but their heightened need to generate winter electricity has led to autumnal and winter water discharges , in turn severely impacting the agriculture of their western downstream neighbors Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan .
What these three downstream countries do have however is a Soviet - era legacy of agricultural production , which in Uzbekistan 's and Turkmenistan case was largely directed towards cotton production , while Kazakhstan , beginning in the 1950s with Khrushchev 's " Virgin Lands " programs , has become a major producer of wheat .
Based on my discussions with Central Asian government officials , given the thirsty demands of cotton monoculture , foreign proposals to diversify agrarian production towards biofuel would have great appeal in Astana , Ashgabat , and Tashkent , and to a lesser extent Astana for those hardy investors willing to bet on the future , especially as a plant indigenous to the region has already proven itself in trials .
Known in the West as false flax , wild flax , linseed dodder , German sesame and Siberian oilseed , camelina is attracting increased scientific interest for its oleaginous qualities , with several European and American companies already investigating how to produce it in commercial quantities for biofuel .
In January Japan Airlines undertook a historic test flight using camelina - based bio - jet fuel , becoming the first Asian carrier to experiment with flying on fuel derived from sustainable feedstocks during a one - hour demonstration flight from Tokyo's Haneda Airport .
The test was the culmination of a 12 - month evaluation of camelina 's operational performance capability and potential commercial viability .
As an alternative energy source , camelina has much to recommend it .
It has a high oil content and is low in saturated fat .
In contrast to Central Asia 's thirsty " king cotton , " camelina is drought - resistant and immune to spring freezing , requires less fertilizer and herbicides , and can be used as a rotation crop with wheat , which would make it of particular interest in Kazakhstan , now Central Asia 's major wheat exporter .
Another bonus of camelina is its tolerance of poorer , less fertile conditions .
An acre sown with camelina can produce up to 100 gallons of oil and when planted in rotation with wheat , camelina can increase wheat production by 15 percent .
A ton ( 1000 kg ) of camelina will contain 350 kg of oil , of which pressing can extract 250 kg .
Nothing in camelina production is wasted as after processing , the plant 's debris can be used for livestock silage .
Camelina silage has a particularly attractive concentration of omega - 3 fatty acids that make it a particularly fine livestock feed candidate that is just now gaining recognition in the U.S. and Canada .
Camelina is fast growing , produces its own natural herbicide ( allelopathy ) and competes well against weeds when an even crop is established .
According to Britain's Bangor University 's Centre for Alternative Land Use , " Camelina could be an ideal low - input crop suitable for bio - diesel production , due to its lower requirements for nitrogen fertilizer than oilseed rape . "
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
We 're celebrating the anniversary of two big events this week : the fall of the Berlin Wall , and the birth of Firefox .
We 'll remember one of them as bringing freedom to millions and dealing a hammer blow to a repressive regime , and we 'll remember the other as that thing where Bono ponced around in front of the Brandenburg Gate .
If it were n't for Firefox , you'd be reading this in IE6 - the software equivalent of the horrible Trabants the East Germans tooled around in before the Wall came down .
It 's a browser , certainly , in much the same way that a Trabant is a car .
But the Trabant is n't a great car , and IE6 certainly is n't a great browser .
Actually , that 's a bit unfair .
IE6 was n't bad in 2001 , when it was the culmination of an extraordinary effort by Microsoft to crush Netscape .
From 1995 to 2001 Microsoft invested huge amounts of time and effort in Internet Explorer - and by huge we mean really huge : Spyglass developer Eric Sink says the IE4 team was 1,000 strong , " 50 times the size of the Spyglass browser team … almost as many people as Netscape had in their whole company " - and by 2001 the battle had been won - at which point Microsoft effectively said " Internet Schminternet " and shut down the Internet Explorer team .
In one fell swoop Microsoft went from " Browser war ! " to " Browser ?
Snore ! "
That 's when things got nasty .
Viruses , malware and really horrible websites proliferated , and it was n't until Firefox had spent three years comprehensively kicking Internet Explorer 's electronic arse , bringing its market share down from nearly 100 % to 70 - odd percent ( it 's 62.11 % today , says Wikipedia ) , that Microsoft magically and entirely coincidentally decided that it was time to bring out a new version of Internet Explorer .
Most of the stuff you take for granted today - including stuff in Internet Explorer - was popularised by Firefox .
Integrated search .
Tabbed browsing .
Recently visited URLs in the address bar .
A central download manager .
Browser themes .
Extensions .
Password management .
Third - party cookie blocking .
Speed .
Proper web standards support .
It does n't matter what browser you use , or what platform your PC runs .
If you use the internet , you owe Firefox a big thanks .
It 's informed the design of other browsers , it 's given Microsoft a well - deserved boot up the backside , and it 's helped make the internet safer , smarter and standards compliant .
Not bad for a five - year - old , eh ?
This year ’s November elections in the United States included two high profile “ gay marriage ” cases , one in Maine , one in Washington State .
Both states typically vote Democratic , are predominately White , and are on the Northernmost borders of the US , brushing up against Canada ( where gay marriage has been legal since 2005 ) .
Accurate data on religiousity is hard to come by , but Maine and Washington are both considered to be far more secular than their counterparts in the South and Southeast .
Now a week after the elections with most of the votes counted , activists and analysts are attempting to understand what happened :
Why did Maine vote against gay marriage , and Washington vote for civil unions ( AKA “ everything but marriage ” ? )
In Maine , gay marriage was voted down by voters at 53 % to 47 % .
( But just two weeks before the vote , polls indicated a dead heat at 48 % to 48 % , with 5 percent undecided ) .
In Washington , civil unions ( AKA “ everything but marriage ” ) between same sex partners and opposite sex partners older than 62 was approved by almost the same percentage as disproved in Maine : Approximately 53 % to 47 % .
The Huffington Post ( via AP newswire ) reports that Maine is just the latest in failures for gay marriage to pass by popular vote :
Gay marriage has now lost in every single state — 31 in all — in which it has been put to a popular vote .
Gay - rights activists had hoped to buck that trend in Maine — known for its moderate , independent - minded electorate — and mounted an energetic , well - financed campaign .
Yesterday ’s issue of The National Review Online , a conservative online publication , featured a triumphant story on the Maine defeat :
Robert P. George , a professor of politics at Princeton and founder of the American Principles Project , observes : “ Maine is a northeastern liberal state with a significant student population .
There are few blacks and very few Mormons .
There is not a large Evangelical Christian population .
The forces working in the state for the abolition of the conjugal conception of marriage as the union of husband and wife had the strong support not only of the media , but also of the state ’s governor and other leading political figures .
They had a significant funding advantage .
On Election Day , they got the large turnout that they believed would assure them of victory .
Yet , when the votes were counted , the people of Maine came down solidly in favor of restoring the conjugal conception of marriage that the state ’s legislature and governor attempted to abolish . ”
( Lopez , “ Winning with Marriage : Another year , another electoral victory . ” ) ( emphasis mine ) .
Prof .
George clearly marks some of the usual suspects opposing gay marriage : Mormons , non-intellectuals , evangelical Christians , and African - Americans .
George and editor Kathy Lopez from NRO argues that that since none of these demographics are dominant in Maine , the reason must be that Maine voters simply know the difference between right and wrong : ( “ Why has gay marriage consistently lost when put in the hands of voters ?
Because what ’s true is true .
Most people know in their own heart that marriage is between a man and a woman ” ) .
Assuming that the answer to this question is a bit more complicated than “ right ” or “ wrong , ” I first turned to the U.S. Census Bureau for quick facts on Maine and Washington .
Here we see that :
Washington state is BIGGER : approx .
6.5 million in Washington vs. 1.3 million in Maine .
: approx .
6.5 million in Washington vs. 1.3 million in Maine .
Washington state is GROWING FASTER : 11 % growth in Washington , 3.3 % in Maine ; ( US average 8 % ) .
11 % growth in Washington , 3.3 % in Maine ; ( US average 8 % ) .
Washington state has YOUNGER population demographics : 12 % age 62 + in Washington , 15.1 % age 62 + in Maine ; ( US average : 12.8 % 62 + )
population demographics : 12 % age 62 + in Washington , 15.1 % age 62 + in Maine ; ( US average : 12.8 % 62 + )
Washington residents make more MONEY : $ 55,628 median household income in Washington ; $ 45,832 in Maine ; ( US median household income : $ 50,740 )
$ 55,628 median household income in Washington ; $ 45,832 in Maine ; ( US median household income : $ 50,740 ) Washington is MORE RACIALLY DIVERSE : Washington is 84.3 %
White ; Maine is 96.4 %
White ( US average : 79.8 % ) .
: Washington is 84.3 % White ; Maine is 96.4 %
White ( US average : 79.8 % ) .
Washington voters are MORE EDUCATED : 27.7 % B.A or higher in Washington , 22.9 % B.A. or higher in Maine ( US average : 24.4 % )
The demographics for King County ( including Seattle ) are even more striking .
With a population of over 1.8 million ( bigger than the entire state of Maine ) , 44.4 % over the age of 25 hold at least a Bachelor ’s degree .
King County voters also voted in favor of Referendum 71 ( “ everything but marriage ” ) by a landslide : 68 % to 32 % .
We know from numerous social surveys that higher education and younger age are often correlated with tolerance toward gays .
These factors may help to explain some of the difference between Washington and Maine election results .
For example , Lax and Phillips ( 2009 ) show that across the U.S. :
only 10 - 35 % of people age 65 + support gay marriage
of people support gay marriage but 35 - 75 % of people between age 18 - 29 support gay marriage .
of people between support gay marriage .
Incredibly , this means that on the aggregate level , age matters more than location : i.e. young people in gay - hostile states are more likely to support gay marriage than older people in gay - friendly states !
( See graph here ) .
Since Washington
State is younger while Maine is older than the national average , the age - factor ( in addition to the education factor ) seems quite relevant in these elections .
( Another twist here is that in Washington State , older heterosexual voters actually had an incentive to vote for civil unions ) .
For gay marriage rights activists , simply waiting for old people to die off ( or for more people to go to college ) is unsatisfying ; this strategy also does n’t work for conservative defenders of exclusive heterosexual marriage rights .
Thus , debates around gay marriage continue to boomerang back to the sacred associations of marriage :
Can the meaning of marriage change ?
Should they ?
What are the consequences of changing the meaning of marriage ?
My hunch is that for those 5 % of Maine fence - sitters , it was the fear around changing the meaning of “ marriage ” that tipped them toward the status quo .
In Washington state , marriage was n’t on the line so voters got to skip past those fears , bringing them toward a post - modern future .
Stay tuned for : “ When does the meaning of marriage change ? ”
Dragon Age : Origins wo n't leave you floored with its visuals , but it 's worth pointing out the differences among the various versions .
If we leave it to the consoles , the PlayStation 3 version looks cleaner because of its higher resolution textures and the increased depth the textures get from bump mapping .
The Xbox 360 version looks a little worse , but it was definitely tweaked to run smoother .
Unsurprisingly , the PC version runs and looks much better if you have a decent machine .
Our Radeon HD 5750 churned out visuals at the highest quality settings with nary a hiccup .
Aside from having much better textures , the PC version also benefits from more onscreen elements , such as bag detailing , boxes , and other minor room accoutrements .
We captured the following shots at 720 p across both consoles and the PC to keep everything even .
On the PC , we enabled all the highest quality settings , as well as 4 x antialiasing and 8 x anisotropic filtering .
On the consoles , we captured the images directly over HDMI using the Matrox MXO2 Mini and used FRAPs to capture screenshots on the PC .
The first shot represents a shrunk - down version of the originals , and the second zoomed - in set is representative of an actual pixel - to - pixel comparison .
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
What do you think ?
Drop us a line !
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PC
What do you think ?
Drop us a line !
If local media reports are accurate , shoppers have turned out in huge numbers across the country for Black Friday .
We did a survey of local news sites to gather the latest Black Frdiay news .
And it looks very good for retailers .
Cincinnati , Ohio : " A long line of shoppers looking for the best priced toys for Christmas waited outside a Western Hills Toys R'
Us store on Glenway Avenue , since late Thursday night to be among the first in line .
After the doors opened at 12 a.m. , there were some reports that Cincinnati police had to be called to bring order to a disorderly line of shoppers .
Some of them said an argument between several groups of shoppers got out of hand and forced the police to called for help ... At the new Wal - Mart superstore in Fairfax on Red Bank Road , over a thousand people came early Friday morning , to be in the right line to get some of the doorbuster sales the chain was offering ... Many retailers warn that they have severely cut back on what they have ordered . "
Weston , Wisconsin : " The line leading to Target in Weston stretched at least three blocks as people got ready for Black Friday shopping Friday . "
Framingham , Massachusetts : " Dondrae May , a manager at Best Buy 's Framingham , Mass. , store , said shoppers started lining up at 4 p.m.
Thursday for the 5 a .m. opening for the limited early morning specials like the $ 299 32 - inch Dynex flat - panel TV .
He noted that crowds were larger than last year and that shoppers were filling their basket with more items than a year ago , when they were shellshocked following the ballooning of the financial meltdown .
The biggest draws were laptops , TVs and GPS systems , he said . "
Aurora , Illinois : " Black Friday shoppers got an early start this year , causing a 2 - mile traffic back - up near Chicago Premium Outlets in Aurora ... Starting about 11 p.m.
Thursday , cars began lining up to get into the mall , according to Illinois State Police ...
The mall opened at midnight , and the heavy traffic remained for several hours , State Police said . "
Somewhere In Middle Georgia : " 400 early birds waited in the dark for Belk to open this morning at 4:00 am .
" There was a huge crowd when I got here at 3 o'clock this morning , " said Belk 's General Manager , Darwin Saunders .
" One of the first customers I talked to , she said she got here at 12:30 am and had been standing at the door waiting for us to open . "
South Portland , Maine : " Eager shoppers lined up as much as nine hours in advance to catch Black Friday deals .
At Target in South Portland , shoppers gathered at 8:00 PM on Thanksgiving to be first in line when the doors opened at 5:00 AM .
Other early openers include the Bangor Mall , which also opened up at 5:00 AM .
Folks started shopping at the Maine Mall at 6:00 AM and the Auburn Mall at 7:00 AM .
Toys R
Us was the first to open , however , letting shoppers in at midnight . "
Galesburg , Illinois : " Early morning — Black Friday — large crowds of Christmas shoppers are not unexpected .
But , the number of shoppers out before dawn today in Galesburg appeared to be as many or more than last year , even with unemployment at 11.5 percent . "
Bloomington , Minnesota : " At the Mall of America in Bloomington , a Black Friday wallflower in years past , when the doors opened at 4 a.m. about 2,500 people were in line , attracted by goodie bags promised to the first 300 shoppers . "
“ It makes no sense , ” Ms. Dunphy said .
“ You had the president and others saying that the intent was to add 20 weeks of benefits , and now we have this glitch . ”
For people suffering long - term unemployment , a gap of several weeks in aid  let alone a premature , permanent end  can be cataclysmic .
Alexandra Jarrin , 48 , was laid off in March 2008 from her job in New York as a director of client services .
As she searched widely for a job , moving back and forth between New York and Tennessee , she received aid of more than $ 400 a week that , she said , just barely “ kept my head at the waterline . ”
But her extensions ran out early last month and in subsequent weeks , as Congress deliberated , her life fell apart .
She has just started receiving what will be 14 extra weeks of aid under the new law , but faces eviction from her apartment in Brentwood , Tenn .
“ There ’s no way I can recover now , I ’m too far behind , ” she said .
Image Standing in line at a job fair sponsored by Monster.com in New York City earlier this month .
Credit ... Spencer Platt / Getty Images
In ordinary times , unemployed workers in most states receive 26 weeks of benefits , averaging just over $ 300 a week , paid from state insurance funds .
Many find jobs before exhausting the aid , but unemployment has been particularly tenacious in the current recession and recovery .
Under temporary measures , workers are currently eligible for a series of federally paid extensions , awarded in stages often lasting 13 or 14 weeks at a time .
Some nine million people now receive unemployment benefits , five million on the initial state programs and four million through federal extensions .
Without renewal of the programs for 2010 , at the turn of the year recipients will continue receiving benefits to the end of their current stage but will no longer jump to the next stage .
Thus Ms. Jarrin , if she fails to find work , will finish out the new 14 - week period but will not receive the additional six weeks that Congress promised .
She said she had sent out 2,000 résumés and had only a handful of interviews , without success .
All that would remain would be wind , wave power , tidal energy , hydroelectric , geothermal , and solar .
Because of the ambitious timeframe , the only techniques that can be used are ones that work at large scale today , or are very close to working .
The authors of the article , Mark Jacobson and Mark Delucchi , propose substituting wind , water , and solar ( WWS ) energy for all other forms of energy by 2030 , not for just the US , but for the world .
The types of energy sources that would be eliminated include the following :
Scientific American presents " A Path to Sustainable Energy by 2030 " in its November issue .
In many ways , it sounds good .
But let 's think about the details :
What would the end result look like ?
Would it really be sustainable ?
What would the costs really be ?
Is there any way we could afford to do what is proposed ?
What would we end up with ?
Essentially , we would need to change all of the world 's infrastructure to use either electricity or solar or water power directly - - by 2030 .
What might this mean ?
• Airplanes .
The authors propose that airplanes be powered by hydrogen powered fuel cells ( with the hydrogen be made by hydrolysis using WWS energy sources ) .
I understand that hydrogen is three times as bulky as gasoline , explodes easily , and escapes fairly quickly from its holding tanks , making it difficult to store for very long .
It seems like airplanes and helicopters would need to look more like blimps , to hold the necessary fuel .
Unless the explosion issue is solved , the popularity of hydrogen fuel cells would likely be pretty low .
• Ships .
The authors do n't tell us how ships would be powered .
Clearly sailing ships would meet the criteria , but would be quite slow .
Because of their slow time for passage , we would need a lot more sailing ships than the types of ships we use now , because so many would be in transit at a given time .
Barges could float down rivers , and if the current is n't too strong , could perhaps be towed back in some way ( boat with fuel cell ? ) .
Ships powered by hydrogen fuel cells might also work , but they would have the same issues as for airplanes .
Because of their long trips , leakage would be more of an issue than on airplanes .
• Automobiles and Trucks .
According to the authors , these would be powered by batteries or hydrogen powered fuel cells .
There are several issues -- the technology is only barely there for automobiles and trucks -- for example , I do n't know of anyone working on battery - powered technology for long distance trucking .
Fuel cell technology is very expensive .
David Strahan in The Last Oil Shock says that the current cost is about $ 1 million dollars per car .
He quotes the chief engineer at Honda as saying it would take 10 years to get the cost down to $ 100,000 a car .
Minerals shortages are also likely to be a problem for converting autos and trucks to batteries or to hydrogen fuel cells .
The Scientific American article mentions following materials as being in short supply : rare - earth metals for electric motors , lithium for lithium - ion batteries and platinum for fuel cells .
The article mentions recycling as a partial solution .
Analyses published at The Oil Drum , such as this one , indicate that we would likely run out of rare materials fairly quickly , even with recycling .
• Farm equipment ; bulldozers ; cement mixers ; and other heavy equipment .
Would need to be converted to electric .
It is not clear that the technology ( or rare materials needed for the technology ) exist to do so .
• Heating of buildings ; heating for cooking and baking ; hot water heating ; commercial heating ; heating of grains to remove excess moisture .
Would need to be converted to electric , or in some cases solar .
This would be true , even where heating is now done over wood or charcoal fires , such as in Africa or China .
• Mining and manufacturing .
Would need to be converted to all electric .
Presumably oil and natural gas extraction would continue , but at possibly lower rates , because of their uses for non-energy uses , such as textiles , asphalt , plastics and lubrication .
Drilling for oil and gas would be converted to electric as well .
What steps would be needed to build all of these things ?
It seems like we would first need to figure out what the end point would look like , and then work backwards .
We are told that the authors of the Scientific American article think we would need the following :
• 3.8 million large wind turbines
• 90,000 solar electricity generating plants
• " Numerous geothermal , tidal , and rooftop photovoltaic installations "
Besides these , we would need to build all of the new airplanes , ships , cars , trucks , heavy equipment , and new appliances that would be needed under the new regime .
Individual homeowners would need to get their homes rewired for the larger amount of electricity they would use -- especially if they are converting to electric home heating .
One thing we need to plan for is a greatly expanded and improved electrical grid .
The Scientific American article indicates that the variability in generation would be mostly smoothed out by combining electrical transmission of many different types -- wind , hydroelectric , solar , geothermal , and wave -- over a wide geographical area .
To do this will require considerable long distance transmission , often between different countries -- including some that may not be friendly with each other .
The grid will also need to be upgraded to be " smart , " so automobiles can draw electric power at the times of day when it is not needed elsewhere .
Once we have figured out what the new system will look like , we will need to figure out what kind of factories are needed to build all of the devices for the new system , and what raw materials the factories will need .
Some of the raw materials can perhaps be obtained by recycling , and some factories can perhaps be obtained by converting other factories , but this wo n't always be the case .
It is likely that new factories will need to be built , and new mines opened , especially for the rare minerals .
By the time we start seeing many finished good produced , it is likely that we will be at least half way through the 20 year period .
In part , this is because we are still working out technology details ( for example , how to efficiently build a hydrogen fuel cell powered airplane ) .
Also , once we get those details worked out , we need to build mines for raw materials and build the factories to make the new devices .
It is only when we get those steps taken care of that we can build what we really want -- the airplanes , the new ships , the wind turbines , the solar PV , and all of the rest .
When sizing the factories , we will need to size them not for " normal " production levels , but for converting the economy quickly to use the new power sources .
For example , under normal circumstances , if earth - moving equipment is expected to last for 40 years , we would expect to need factories to make 1/40 of the world 's needed earth - moving equipment in a given year .
But if we need to ramp up to replacement in 10 years , we will need 4 times as many factories .
( What do we do with the excess factories at the end ? )
How much would this all cost ?
The authors tell us that they expect the cost of the new WWS energy generation equipment would be $ 100 trillion over 20 years .
But that does n't include the cost of all the new infrastructure to go with it -- the new airplanes and ships and cars and trucks , or the electrical transmission lines .
In total , the cost will be far higher than $ 100 trillion -- lets guess $ 200 trillion -- to be paid for over the next 20 years .
The Scientific American article gives the impression that the costs will be low , because it looks only at the cost the new electricity generation , and assumes that cost of generation will go down with volume and with additional research .
It also implicitly assumes that debt financing over a long period , such as 40 years , will be used , so we do n't have to pay for the cost of the new system before we start using it .
But how realistic is that ?
The cars , trucks , boats , airplanes , coal fired power plants , etc. we are currently using wo n't have much trade - in value once power is generated by WWS , and the new equipment will likely be fairly expensive .
So we will be faced with buying new high priced equipment , with little trade - in value from what we used previously .
In many cases , businesses would not normally be replacing equipment this soon .
The debt that was taken on to pay for all of our current equipment wo n't magically go away either -- it will still need to be paid .
So how will we pay for all of the new equipment ?
The governments of the world are pretty much maxed out for borrowing .
Companies are not going to be able to take on a project of this magnitude either , especially since they already have debt to service .
It seems to me that the only way a program such as the program of WWS fuels replacing other fuels can be financed is through increased taxes that would cover each year 's expenditures , as they are made .
So let 's think about how much this would cost .
$ 200 trillion over 20 years amounts to $ 10 trillion a year , spread over world economies .
The US share of this would be something around 21 % , based on the ratio of US GDP to world GDP .
So let 's say that the US would need to fund $ 2.1 trillion a year .
Let 's compare this to current taxes .
In 2008 , US Federal , State , and Local taxes combined amounted to $ 4.1 trillion according to the US Bureau of Economic Analysis .
In order to collect $ 2.1 trillion more , a tax increase equal to slightly more than 50 % of all taxes currently paid would be required .
If the additional tax were collected as a percentage of " personal income " ( which includes wages , social security income , rents , dividends , etc. ) , it would amount to 17 % of personal income .
It seems unlikely that a tax of this magnitude , or even half of this magnitude , would be agreed to by tax payers .
If such a tax were passed , after a few years there would be benefits that would start offsetting its cost , and might lead to a lower tax , and after 2030 , perhaps lower costs overall , because it is no longer necessary to purchase fossil fuels .
The benefits that would start offsetting costs would be sales of electricity and other energy , and sales or leasing of vehicles and other goods produced .
Many of the sales of goods would be going to replace automobiles that had worn out , factories beyond their useful life , and ships that no longer had value to the owners .
But there is a remaining issue .
There will be a lot of assets which would still have considerable value in 2030 , if it were n't for the new law .
For example , a new car with an internal combustion engine that was manufactured in 2028 will still have considerable value , and a gas fired stove a homeowner owns will still have value , even though he needs to replace it with an electric one .
A coal fired power plant built in 1980 is likely to still have value , apart from this law , and so will all of the tankers used for international transport of oil , and all of the natural gas pipelines .
Should the owners of these assets be compensated for value of their otherwise - useful assets ?
There is nothing built into the tax to do so .
It would seem to me that these owners should be compensated , even if it takes a higher tax to do so .
In part , this compensation could come in the form of " trade in " value , if a new automobile or electric stove or other item is purchased .
But suppose the assets that lose value belong to businesses , and are n't easily traded in for corresponding asset -- such as a coal fired power plant , or natural gas pipelines .
I would argue that compensation for the remaining value of these is really needed as well .
The assets that will lose value because of the new law are typically owned by a company .
The stocks and bonds of these companies will generally have a wide variety of owners -- very often pension plans , insurance companies , endowment funds , and individuals saving for their retirements .
If the otherwise - useful assets of these companies are taken without compensation , the companies are likely to default on their bonds , and the stocks of these companies will lose value .
This will mean that some pension funds will not be able to pay their promised payments , and some life insurance policies will not pay as promised .
If there is no compensation to these companies by a tax or some sort , the loss will flow through the system and hit others -- with retirees likely hit the hardest .
So there will be a loss to the system , one way or another .
How sustainable would this system be ?
There are a number of weak areas in this system :
• There are not likely to be enough rare minerals ( and even not - so - rare minerals ) , to make all of the desired high - tech end products .
Recycling will help , but it is likely that the system will run into a bottleneck in not very many years .
• The system will use a huge number of electrical transmission lines .
These transmission lines are subject to all kinds of disturbances -- hurricane or other windstorm destruction , forest fires , land or snow slide , malicious destruction by those not happy for some reason ( perhaps those unhappy by wealth disparities ) .
Fixing lines that need repair will be challenging .
We currently use helicopters and specialized equipment .
These would need to be adequately adapted to a system without fossil fuels .
• If electricity is out in an area , pretty much all activity in an area will stop ( except that powered by local PV ) , and there will be no back - up generators .
Residents will not be able to recharge vehicles , so they will quickly become useless .
Even vehicles coming into an area may get stranded for lack of recharge capability .
Food deliveries and water may be a problem .
The current system at least offers some options -- back - up generators , and cars and trucks powered by petroleum that one can drive away .
• Operating the system will require a huge amount of international co-operation , because the transmission system will cross country lines .
If one country becomes unable to pay its share , or fails to make repairs , it could be a problem .
• All of the high tech manufacturing will require considerable international co-operation and trade .
This could be interrupted by debt defaults by major players , or by countries hoarding raw materials , or by difficulty in producing enough ships and airplanes to handle international trade .
• The system clearly can't continue forever .
It could be stopped by a lack of rare minerals , or international disputes , or lack of adequate international trade .
The system does n't provide any natural transition to a truly sustainable future .
For example , food production is likely to still be done using industrial agriculture , with the food that is produced shipped to consumers a long distance away .
It will be difficult to transition to a system which is truly sustainable at the point the system stops working .
What would a reasonable timeframe for transition be ?
It seems to me that a reasonable timeframe for a transition such as that discussed in the Scientific American article would be 50 years , rather than 20 years suggested in the Scientific American article .
With such a timeframe , there will be a little more time to fine tune technology , so as to find cost - efficient solutions that scale well .
We also have more time to use the factories that are built , so that we do n't have to overbuild , just to meet a deadline .
Costs are likely to much easier to handle , since there will not be as much of an overlap issue .
In addition , there will be much less problem of having to dispose of other - wise useful assets .
The problem is that we really do n't have 50 years to make a transition .
We already are on the downslope .
We should have started back in the 1960s with a project like this .
It seems to me that all we can do is a very much reduced version of an approach such as the one described in the Scientific American article .
Given the timing , we may not even want to do an approach such as described in the article .
The approach described assumes a high level of international trade continuing long - term .
This is a fairly optimistic assumption , given the difficulty of air and ship transportation without fossil fuels .
Instead of the high tech approach advocated by Scientific American , we may want to find solutions that can be done locally , with local materials .
For example , we may want to encourage local agriculture .
For industry , we may want to look at solutions that have worked in the past , such as wind powered factories , as discussed in this recent post .
These were built with local materials , and were used to power factories directly , without conversion to electricity .
With such solutions , a transition to a truly sustainable future will be much more of a possibility .
Bachmann to Join Palin at National Tea Party Convention
Created : November 25 , 2009 10:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The Minnesota Independent reports that Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn. ) is scheduled to join previously announced headliner Sarah Palin at the National Tea Party Convention to be held Feb. 4 - 6 at the Opryland Hotel in Nashville , Tenn .
From The Minnesota Independent :
[ O]rganizers of the National Tea Party Convention tweeted that Bachmann would be a speaker at the Feb. 4 –6 event in Nashville .
Palin keynotes the convention , which is “ aimed at bringing the Tea Party Movement leaders together from around the nation for the purpose of networking and supporting the movements ’ multiple organizations principle goals . ”
The Nashville Post reports that Palin ’s keynote address will be closed to the press .
Tickets for the convention are available for the bargain price of $ 549 .
The fine people at the Opryland inform me that the ticket does not include the price of the hotel , where a three - night package starts at $ 436.99 .
You ’d better book soon , because the Opryland reservations agent told me that just 160 of the hotel ’s 2,881 rooms remain available as of this morning .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A former New York Post editor has sued the newspaper and its parent , News Corp , saying she was fired after complaining about sexism and racism , including a cartoon that appeared to liken U.S. President Barack Obama to a chimpanzee .
Protesters march outside the News Corp. headquarters in New York February 19 , 2009 .
Hundreds of demonstrators rallied to boycott the New York Post , branding the newspaper as racist for publishing a cartoon that appeared to compare President Barack Obama to a chimpanzee .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
The lawsuit , filed on Monday in Manhattan federal court , said that Sandra Guzman , a black and Puerto Rican associate editor , was fired on September 29 in retaliation for complaints about pervasive racism and sexism at the newspaper .
The lawsuit said Guzman , the “ only female editor of color at the Post , ” was among those who complained about a February 18 cartoon that depicted a policeman shooting a crazed chimpanzee , a play on an actual incident in Connecticut .
The caption read : “ They ’ll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill . ”
This led many people to view the chimpanzee as a depiction of Obama , who a day earlier had signed into law a $ 787 billion economic stimulus package .
New York Post Chairman Rupert Murdoch later apologized to readers for the cartoon .
A spokeswoman for the newspaper said Guzman ’s position was eliminated when Tempo , a monthly insert she edited , was closed as advertising sales in the newspaper industry declined .
“ This lawsuit has no merit and is based on charges that are groundless , ” the spokeswoman said .
Guzman and her lawyer were not available for comment .
According to the lawsuit , Guzman worked for the newspaper for six years and had received strong performance reviews as recently as July .
The lawsuit contained allegations of racist or sexist conduct at the paper , citing as one example a senior executive who , according to the lawsuit , often referred to Guzman as “ Cha Cha # 1 . ”
Guzman is seeking compensatory and punitive damages , including for emotional distress and harm to her career .
The case is Guzman v. News Corp et al , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York , No. 09-9323 .
No , this is n't about holy water as a miracle swine flu vaccine .
Rather , some Catholic churches in Italy are replacing holy water basins with more sanitary electronic dispensers that spurt out a single serving of the magical fluid .
From The Telegraph :
It functions like an automatic soap dispenser in public lavatories – a churchgoer waves his or her hand under a sensor and the machine spurts out holy water .
" It has been a bit of a novelty .
People initially were a bit shocked by this technological innovation but then they welcomed it with great enthusiasm and joy , " said Father Pierangelo Motta …
" After all the news that some churches , like Milan 's cathedral , were suspending the use of holy water fonts as a measure against swine flu , demands for my invention shot to the stars .
I have received orders from all over the world , " ( inventor Luciano Marabese ) said .
Here is a complete picture gallery of bouquets unveiling of the brand Happy Roses .
The principle : a unique process that allows color to tint specifically each petal a different color .
A wealth of shades to discover in these macro photographs .
Tweet
Assassin ’s Creed II , the latest game from Ubisoft has been on store shelves for a week now and has seen some impressive sales ; sales that should continue to grow even stronger into the holidays .
In the wake of the Modern Warfare 2 release , which is eating up a lion ’s share of game sales it ’s hard to believe another game could be selling so well .
However as of right now , Assassin ’s Creed II has sold 1.6 million copies worldwide , a number that is a 32 % growth over what the first Assassin ’s Creed did in it ’s opening week .
The game has been getting very positive reviews all around the web , even scoring a 5 out of 5 right here at PlayStation LifeStyle .
At 1.6 million , it seems that AC II might be able to push past the 2 million sold mark pretty soon .
There are countless accessories for boats , leaving many owners bewildered as to which to choose to best match their needs .
SeaSucker has taken out all the guesswork with its new line of Outfit Your Boat Kits .
Beatles tabs Happiness Is A Warm Gun guitar chords From : Paul Zimmerman Subject : CRD : Happiness is a Warm Gun - Beatles Happiness Is A Warm Gun The Beatles Am9 Am6 Em Am Em She 's not a girl who misses much
Du du du du du du Oh yeah Dm She 's well acquainted with the touch of the velvet hand Am like a lizard on a window pane The Dm Am man in the crowd with the multicolored mirrors on his hobnail boots Dm Am Lying with his eyes while his hands are busy working overtime Dm Am A soap impression of his wife which he ate and donated to the national trust double tempo , 3/4 time , " - " equals one measure A7 - - - - - - C - Am - A7 - - - - - -
I need a fix ' cause I 'm goin ' down , down to the bits that I left up town C - - - I need a fix ' cause I 'm goin ' down .
A7 C - A7 G7 - Mother Superior jump the gun , Mother Superior jump the gun . ( 3X ) half tempo , still 3/ 4 time , lyrics in ( ) are spoken , with " oo " etc in back C Am F G7 C Am F G7 Happiness is a warm gun Happiness is a warm gun , mama Cmaj7 Am7 F G7 C Am7 F G7 C ( When I hold you in my arms
And I feel my finger on your trigger I Am7 F G7 know nobody can do me no harm , because )
Happiness is a warm gun mama , etc , blah , blah ( same chords , C Am F G7 )
I like Penn&Teller , the magicians and debunkers of pseudoscience and general inanity .
I regularly use clips from their show in my critical reasoning class , despite cringing every time Penn indulges in his “ fuck this ” and “ motherfucker that ” exercise in free speech ( it distracts the students from the real point , not to mention the always lurking possibility of an administrator asking me about the appropriateness of foul language in a philosophy class ) .
Heck , I even recently went to Vegas to see them in person , had a photo taken with Teller , and managed to tell him ( to his surprise ) about how my students enjoy stimulating discussions triggered by the duo ’s antics .
But as we have learned recently from the Atheist Alliance / Dawkins Foundation / Bill Maher fiasco , “ skepticism ” is sometimes too broad a label , as someone can be properly skeptical in politics but not about pseudoscience ( Maher ) , while someone else may be great at debunking astrology and magnetic therapy , and yet also unable to shed some huge blinders when it comes to politically charged issues .
The latter is , unfortunately ,
Penn&Teller
’s case , as made excruciatingly clear by the 2008 ( season 6 ) episode “ Being Green ” of " Bullshit ! "
I just watched it last night , and I found myself wanting to call up Penn to let go a few expletives of my own .
Fortunately , I do n’t have his phone number .
Penn & Teller
But you know even our smart debunkers are running out of arguments when they choose to introduce former Vice President and Nobel winner Al Gore as an “ asshole . ”
Again , there may be some legitimate criticism of Gore ’s arguments and even tactics , but to give him the same treatment Penn & Teller usually reserve for real assholes , like con artists who sell snake oil to gullible people , just seems the kind of ad hominem attack that reflects badly on the attacker .
And going back to the issue of carbon offsets for a moment .
It is one thing to alert people that they need to look into the companies that offer them , how the offsets are calculated , and how they are used .
But have been very good at showing that just because one is concerned about the environment it does n’t mean that one can think critically or act rationally .
Their demonstration of well meaning environmentalists signing up to ban the “ dangerous and ubiquitous ” chemical known as dihydrogen monoxide ( i.e. , water ) is priceless .
In “ Being Green ” they pull off some of the same useful cautionary tales by showing how easily people can be duped by “ green guilt ” into all sorts of nonsense , like walking around with gravel ( for which they paid real money ) in their pockets in order to feel “ connected with the earth . ”
Even more disturbingly , the episode raises some serious questions about large scale exploitation of pro-environment sentiment by web - based companies selling “ carbon offsets ” that are calculated in ways which the companies themselves have a hard time explaining .
But you know even our smart debunkers are running out of arguments when they choose to introduce former Vice President and Nobel winner Al Gore as an “ asshole . ”
Again , there may be some legitimate criticism of Gore ’s arguments and even tactics , but to give him the same treatment Penn & Teller usually reserve for real assholes , like con artists who sell snake oil to gullible people , just seems the kind of ad hominem attack that reflects badly on the attacker .
And going back to the issue of carbon offsets for a moment .
It is one thing to alert people that they need to look into the companies that offer them , how the offsets are calculated , and how they are used .
But
Penn & Teller
explicitly compare these offsets to the indulgences to avoid hell that were sold by the Catholic Church during the Middle Ages ( and which eventually helped bring about Martin Luther ’s Reformation and the rise of Protestantism ) .
I admit that it is funny to see P&T in medieval church garments , but really ?
Do they seriously mean to imply that the two are on the same level ?
Hell does n’t exist , and the Vatican is a corrupt operation for making money and inducing misery ( as
Penn & Teller
Except , of course , that themselves masterfully showed in a more recent episode of their series ) , but we really are fucking up ( to use Penn ’s florid language ) with the environment , and it is no joke .
Except , of course , that
Penn & Teller
’s libertarian blinders simply do not allow them to accept something that is so obvious to anyone who looks at the data and listens to the actual experts in atmospheric science : yes , Penn , global warming is happening ; and yes , Teller , a good part of it is caused by human beings .
Instead , the best
Penn & Teller
can do is to resuscitate a television weather man from the 1970s to assure us that global warming is a myth .
And of course we have the predictable appearance of a guy from a libertarian think tank ( the Cascade Policy Institute ) , who has no credentials that we know of , except being President of said think tank .
( Note to self : create own think tank and declare yourself President .
Make sure to have web site and business card .
No thinking is actually necessary . )
Needless to say , no one with a knowledgeable alternative viewpoint is presented during the show .
Instead , our libertarian heros keep telling us to relax , enjoy life , and drive SUVs , despite showing at the beginning of the episode a good number of frightening examples of all too real environmental destruction .
Even Penn and Teller , however , have limits .
Right at the end of the show , Penn enters a confessional ( again with the Catholic Church ! ) and admits that he is n’t sure that there is n’t global warming , and that he is n’t positive that humans do n’t cause it .
But he tells us that even if that were true , heck , nobody knows what to do about it , so once again , go out and party all night long , because somehow technology and the god of free markets will solve every problem for us .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Sixteen - year - old Akbar Zaid dreams of becoming a teacher .
But for now , his summer job involves holding an automatic rifle and hunting down Taliban fighters .
Lashkar fighters gather round their WWII - era heavy gun .
Zaid is among hundreds of villagers in northwest Pakistan who 've volunteered to join private militias , called lashkars .
These groups have vowed to help Pakistan 's military in fighting the Taliban .
" I 'm doing it for peace , " Zaid said , right before he fired several shots in the air with his rifle .
Pakistani military officials credit the lashkars with helping chase the Taliban out of Swat Valley and neighboring districts once infested with the militants .
" By nature , they 're very tough , " Pakistani army Major Hasnain Shah said of the lashkars .
" They 're sacrificing their lives just to protect their own values and to help us out . "
Watch Pakistan 's lashkars in action »
One group , called the Soltan Kheil lashkar , is made up of 500 armed men from the district of Lower Dir .
Group members say they protect their villages against Taliban fighters in bordering Swat Valley .
After a two - hour drive and another 30 - minute climb in some of the most magnificent mountains in the world , we reach the lashkar 's base .
Deafening gunfire greets the CNN team -- this is how Pakistan 's ethnic Pashtuns say welcome
The mountaintop meeting offers a rare look at the militias .
Watch more on Pakistan 's campaign against Taliban »
The men have rugged faces and chapped hands weathered by scorching summers and arctic winters .
Many have rifles strapped across their shoulders .
These men are fierce warriors but fiercely loyal too .
Reach out your hand and you 'll get an embrace in return .
This is a rare opportunity to get to know Pakistani tribesman who otherwise live in isolation from the international media .
I ask them what they like most about America .
" It 's a democracy , " said one of the lashkar members .
" They like peace in their country , " said another .
I ask them what they dislike most about America .
" They 're cruel to the Muslims , " answered one man .
" They interfere with other countries . "
" They promote peace within their borders , " said another man .
" But they 're against peace in other countries . "
Connect the World Becky Anderson takes a look at the Pakistani militia
2000 GMT see full schedule »
The Soltan Kheil lashkar 's headquarters is perched high atop a mountain range .
Swat Valley sits to the east , where the Taliban once destroyed music shops , burned girls schools and beheaded enemies in public squares , and Lower Dir sits to the west .
If Taliban fighters come near , a World War II Russian - made heavy machine gun awaits them .
The old beast of a weapon can take down a chopper more than a mile away .
" This is the main passing point , " said Malik Zaib Khan , the leader of the lashkar .
" If we left it open , the Taliban can easily go back and forth . "
The group test - fires the weapon .
It shakes the ground .
If the lashkar needs more ammunition , the Pakistani military usually provides it .
Military officials say they strategize with militia leaders and provide food and medical care for them .
The fighters go without pay and without their families .
Aziz ul Rehman said he has not seen his four daughters and two wives in a month .
" We 're trying to stop the Taliban and establish peace , " he said .
The lashkars have killed and arrested dozens of Taliban fighters , said military officials , who noted the arrests of four Taliban commanders from Upper Dir .
" We hate the Taliban , " lashkar leader Khan said .
" We hate them a lot .
I say it openly . "
Zaid says he has n't killed any Taliban fighters during his summer job yet .
But the teen 's finger is on the trigger .
All About Pakistan
THE NSW Jewish Board of Deputies has asked for the immediate withdrawal of a book that schools use as an HSC text , which it says contains anti-Semitic slurs .
The Board of Deputies said it had also asked for a chapter on Judaism to be rewritten and reissued to all schools that have bought the book , its chief executive , Vic Alhadeff , said .
He said senior staff members from a Jewish school had alerted the board to the book after they had begun using it in class .
" We have requested Cambridge University Press to withdraw the book immediately , given that every additional copy that is distributed means more teachers and more students are using it , '' Mr Alhadeff said .
The 2009 edition of Cambridge Studies of Religion Stage 6 has offended the Jewish group with its publication of statements including : " Much modern conflict in the world is related to the reactions of other groups to the Jewish people . "
The new John Deere dealership in Greensburg , Kansas , its predecessor destroyed by a 2007 tornado that wiped almost all of the small rural city off the map , was reconstructed with an emphasis on green technologies .
The new building , constructed of metal , has been certified LEED Platinum at approximately 50 % energy cost savings .
Designed to take advantage of natural sunlight , the dealership features 24 skylights in its service department and 12 tubular daylighting devices for retail space .
Insulated metal wall panels – commonly used in refrigerated warehouses – were utilized to maintain internal temperature while protecting the dealership from exterior climate changes .
With an assembly R-value of R - 16 , the building eliminates the thermal breaks typically experienced with metal buildings .
Additionally , high bay overhead doors include insulated panels and the roof ’s insulation incorporates thermal blocks , minimizing thermal breaks in the roof structure .
Temperatures are maintained by a high efficiency 16 SEER VAV which provides cooling , heating , and external air to the retail space .
This is combined with CO2 demand controlled ventilation .
Hot water is sourced by a combination of a waste oil boiler and natural gas boiler .
The waste extracted from everyday oil changes at the facilities service shop , is stored on - site and utilized throughout the winter to offset natural gas use .
Radiant slab heating minimizes heat loss during the frequent bay door open and close cycles .
Two wind turbines provide electric power to the facility , offsetting 8 % of the building ’s load .
From CNN :
The town ’s John Deere dealership also used the opportunity created by the tornado to start over .
Its new state - of - the - art facility uses recycled oil to heat and cool its floors , wind turbines to create electrical power and lights that do n’t require electricity .
“ There ’s a tube that comes down from the roof and it is mirrored inside , so it actually collects the light , ” said Mike Estes , a fourth - generation owner of the dealership .
Estes learned so much about building green that he started a separate wind turbine business .
“ We thought our farmer customers could really benefit from this , ” he said .
“ If they are saving money on their energy , they have … disposable income that they can spend anywhere on their farm . ”
The John Deere dealership will save money as well .
It cost Estes a lot more up front to build this way , but he estimated his business will save about $ 25,000 a year in energy costs .
Daniel Wallach is optimistic these types of savings will continue to attract people looking for sustainable building solutions in Kansas and beyond .
“ This town is definitely an example for the rest of the world .
We have people from around the world coming out of their way to come to Greensburg , ” he said .
“ So it ’s a great place for people to come and have an emerging experience with what a town of the future looks like and feels like . ”
Interactive Links :
Explore what makes this John Deere dealership a sustainable facility : BTI — Greensburg , Kansas
Live Web Cam from Greenburg ’s Deere Dealership : Hastco Construction
Sources :
Greensburg – Green Town , BTI Equipment , CNN
I just wanted to share with you the following , taken from a Legal , Jurisprudence Textbook .
It has to be one of the most objective overviews of Anarchism I ’ve seen around , which is surprising considering the extract was contained in a textbook intended for potentially hostile audiences — law schools .
The Limits of Law : Anarchist Objections to Law and State
Laws , decrees , edicts , ordinances , resolutions , will fall like hail upon the unfortunate people .
Third philosophical thesis :
We are not cabbages
All of which is to say that , beyond being boring , jurisprudence is about the ways that all sorts of laws which define our society , our political agendas , our sexuality , our visions of reality and our day - to - day struggles intersect .
Is law , then , simply a repressive agent from which we need to be freed in order to recover , or discover , our true selves ?
As I noted , one of the interesting things about Foucault ’s Chinese encyclopaedia is that it demonstrates to us the limitations of our own thought processes .
Is law only a distortion or reduction of what could otherwise be ?
Does it suppress our individuality and freedom ?
DH Lawrence thought so .
In his Study of Thomas Hardy , he wrote that under the influence of too many laws people are like “ the regulation cabbage ” — going rotten at the centre instead of blooming .
DH Lawrence
Study of Thomas Hardy
[ Making laws ] is like protecting the well - being of a cabbage in the cabbage patch , while the cabbage is rotting at the heart for lack of power to run out into blossom .
Could you make any law in any land , empowering the poppy to flower ?
You might make a law refusing it liberty to bloom .
But that is another thing .
COuld any law put into being something which did not before exist ?
It could not .
Law can only modify the conditions for better or worse , of that which already exists .
But law is very , very clumsy and mechanical instrument , and we people are very , very delicate and subtle beings .
Therefore I only ask that the law shall leave me alone as much as possible .
I insist that no law shall have immediate power over me , either for my good or for my ill .
And I would wish that many laws be unmade , and no more laws made .
Let there be a parliament of men and women for the careful and gradual unmaking of laws .
… we are like the hide - bound cabbage going rotten at the heart .
And for the same reason that , instead of producing our flower , instead of continuing our activity , satisfying our true desire , climbing and clambering till , like the poppy , we lean on the sill of all the unknown , and run our flag out there in the colour and shine of being , having surpassed that which has been before , we hang back , we dare not even peep forth , but , safely shut up in bud , safely and darkly and snugly enclosed , like the regulation cabbage , we remain secure till our hearts go rotten , saying all the while how safe we are .
There may be much value in what Lawrence says .
Insofar as laws ( of society , thought , the legal system ) provide us with a way of existing without giving too much thought to what comes next , and without having to make difficult decisions or reflect upon the assumptions we are making , they can be a deadening influence which both capitalise on our desire for safe answers and encourage complacency .
But , as we have seen , law is also arguable the basic condition of meaning : law defines , categorises and sets conditions for communication .
Lawrence ’s sentiments raise the question of whether law is necessary to human society at all , and — supposing that it is necessary — what form it should take .
These are the questions which have not traditionally been central to legal theory , so persuaded are we that law is a necessary and ( probably ) a positive element of social existence .
However , political philosophers and , in particular , anarchists , have challenged the traditional acceptance by Western cultures of the state and its associated concept of law imposed by a sovereign .
Although anarchist thought has never been regarded as “ belonging ” to legal philosophy , it does in my view offer some interesting contributions to an understanidng of law .
This neglect of anarchist thought is hardly suprising : law is typically regarded by legal theorists as imposing order on a society , while anarchism is frequently associated with chaos and disorder .
However , while the “ anarchist ” label is sometimes adopted by people wishing to reject order altogether , that is not the primary use of the term is political philosophy .
Anarchist theory does not reject order as such , but it does reject order imposed on a society by a centralised hierarchical authority such as a state .
The political motivations behind this rejection vary considerably between anarchists : broadly speaking , some are libertarians or anarcho - capitalists who see the state as an obstacle to radical individualism or a completely free market ; others hold communitarian ideals , and regard the state as a violent institution which creates inequalities between people ( through institutions such as private property ) , which prevents people from taking responsibility for ordering their own communities , which obstructs human potential and mutual co-operation , and which perpetrates more violence and war than it prevents .
Early anarchists tended to identify the concept of law with state - based authority , meaning that their rejection of the state also entailed a rejection of law .
For instance , Peter Kropotkin observed that law is seen to be remedy for all evils : “ Instead of themselves altering what is bad , people begin by demanding a law to alter it . —
A law about fashions , a law about mad dogs , a law about virtue , a law to put a stop to all the vices and all the evils which result from human indolence and cowards . ”
In placing our reliance on laws given to us by the state , according to Kropotkin , we fail to exercise our own judgement and initiative in ordering our existences , and become subservient to both the law and the state .
Reliance on the state prevents us placing reliance on ourselves and from forming co-operative relationships with others .
Similarly , Leo Tolstoy , a Christian anarchist , defined laws as “ rules , made by people who govern by means of organised violence for non-compliance ” .
Rather than representing the will of the majority , for Tolstoy , law represents the subjective wishes if a few privileged people , who create laws which server their own interests and protect their private property .
Tolstoy argued that the violence of law cannot be justified : if people are irrational and need violence to exist , then everybody must have the right ot use violence , not just the few who have power ; if , on the other hand , people were ( as he thought ) rational , “ then their relations should be based on reason , and not on the violence of those who happen to have seized power ” .
Any anarchist rejection of law is , however , tied to its rejection of the state .
Anarchism does not entail a rejection of law as such , as long as it is possible to disengage the concept of law from the presence of a state .
In other words , law may be acceptable , necessary , and even positive for anarchists , as long as it is not arbitrarily imposed by a superior and oppressive institution such as the state .
Such a non-state law may be difficult for modern Western lawyers to envisage : after all , our very concept of law tends to assume the existence of state coercion .
But anarchists have argued that we do not need to think of laws as a hierarchical institution which forces its subjects into compliance .
Nor should law necessarily be regarded merely as a set of rules or static limits .
Rather , it might be “ a design , an experiment , and a learning process ” .
More practically , it could be created and enforced by consensus and with the co-operation of all members of a society .
Such a law may seem idealistic , impracticable , even impossible .
( Though when we think that something is impossible it is important first to remember Foucault ’s Chinese encyclopaedia .
Is the object impossible , or are we simply limited in our imagination ? )
Clearly , a greater awareness of the law of non-Western and indigenous cultures has led in recent years to some acceptance of broader concepts of law , which are not based upon the presence of centralised state authority …
All citations have been left out — it took me long enough to re-type the whole passage .
( my apologies for any errors ) Extract taken from Margaret Davies , “ Asking the Law Question ” ( 3rd ed , 2008 ) .
It should also be noted that the opening quote is taken from PJ Proudhon ’s General Idea of Revolution in the Nineteenth Century , page 132 .
by Scott Snyder and Stephen King
With a unique contribution from New York Times bestselling novelist Stephen King , Scott Snyder , a celebrated short story writer , and Rafael Albuquerque , an artist , launched a monthly Vertigo comic book series in March 2010 .
American Vampire introduced the readers to a new breed of vampire – a more well - built and brutal species of a vampire with distinctly American characteristics .
The first story arc of the series which was tackled throughout five issues featured two stories , one by Snyder and another by King .
The storyline by Snyder was a Jazz Age glamour and one of decadence and deception .
Pearl was an aspiring modern woman with starlet dreams .
In searching for her big break , she guested in Hollywood ’s dance - halls and speakeasies , then later found out something threatening to her .
On the other hand , the story made by King provides the origin of Skinner Sweet , the very first American vampire .
He was described as a murdering , bank - robbing cowboy of the 1880s .
Skinner had rattlesnake fangs and was faster and stronger than the previous vampires .
Following Snyder and Albuquerque ’s story traced Skinner ’s bloodline through decades of American history .
Scott Snyder said that it had been fascinating for him to get a chance to reimagine a classic monster and invent the entire mythology and secret history .
Collaborating the work with Stephen King and Vertigo made it more crucial for him .
He added that having them both and Rafael Albuquerque involved in American Vampire was a dream come true for him .
Stephen King shared that he loved vampire stories .
The idea of working on the dark exploits of distinctly American vampires lit up his imagination .
It was a thrill to do an origin story and to be a part of the creation .
He was thankful to Scott Snyder for sharing his vision .
Rafael Albuquerque was amazed at how Scott and Stephen have done a detailed and inventive new series in a time where vampire stories were everywhere .
He was proud to be working on a challenging and exciting project .
According to Karen Berger , publishing a series with a fresh take on the vampire myths itself was already incredible .
But adding the talents of Scott Snyder and Stephen King to the creation was beyond impressive .
The whole team are thrilled that Vertigo was chosen to be the home for this extraordinary work , which they believed was a significant addition to their popular and timeless appeal of vampire folklore everywhere .
About the creators :
Scott Snyder was best known for Voodoo Heart ( Dial Press ) , his first collection of stories .
He worked on his novel “ The Goodbye Suit ” which was published by Dial in 2011 .
He also taught writing at Sarah Lawrence College and Columbia University , NYU .
Stephen King was the bestselling author of “ The Stand , The Shining , The Dark Tower ” , “ Under the Dome ” and multitudes of other works .
He chose two stories “ Dumpster Tuesday ” , and “ Wreck ” for the 2007 Best American Short Stories anthology shortlist .
“ American Vampire ” was the first comic book writing Stephen King did base on original material .
This marked his debut with Vertigo / DC Comics .
Rafael Albuquerque was best known for his work on Crimeland and Superman / Batman .
Taylor Mitchell was found bleeding heavily from multiple bite wounds
Two coyotes have attacked and killed a 19 - year - old folk singer in Nova Scotia , eastern Canada , officials say .
Taylor Mitchell , a promising musician from Toronto , died in hospital after the animals pounced as she hiked alone in Cape Breton Highlands National Park .
Walkers alerted park rangers after hearing her screams .
The rangers shot one coyote , but were still searching for the second .
Attacks by coyotes on humans are rare ; they usually prey on deer and hares .
Bleeding heavily from multiple bite wounds , the singer - songwriter was airlifted to a Halifax hospital , but died of her injuries on Wednesday morning , authorities said .
' Phenomenally talented '
" Coyotes are normally afraid of humans .
This is a very irregular occurrence , " Brigdit Leger , a spokeswoman for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , told Reuters news agency .
She said the two coyotes were " extremely aggressive " when authorities arrived at the scene .
Coyotes are also known as prairie wolves
The small wolf - like animals are found from Central America to the United States and Canada .
Ms Mitchell - touted as a rising star in the folk music scene - was nominated for a Canadian Folk Music Award earlier this year in the youth category .
" Words ca n't begin to express the sadness and tragedy of losing such a sweet , compassionate , vibrant , and phenomenally talented young woman , " Lisa Weitz , Ms Mitchell 's manager , said in an e-mail to the Associated Press news agency .
" She just turned 19 two months ago , and was so excited about the future . "
Age of the thug : Violent crime by women goes up 80 % under Labour
Violent crime committed by women has soared since Labour came to power , it is revealed today .
The number of women found guilty of murder , vicious assault and other attacks has risen by 81 per cent since 1998 .
The massive increase , revealed in the Government 's own data , means that women are now being convicted at the rate of more than 200 every week .
Murders have more than doubled , life - threatening woundings are up by a fifth and common assault has soared by 151 per cent .
Police are warning that the rise is a legacy of the ' ladette ' culture , which they say has fuelled an unprecedented escalation in the severity of female crime .
They blame increasing levels of drunkenness brought about by 24 - hour licensing and cultural pressure for women to behave more like men .
Bing Britain :
The rise in violent crime among women has been blamed on a ' ladette ' culture of excessive drinking ( Posed by model )
Women are fast becoming as likely as men to be caught up in alcohol - fuelled violence in bars and town centres .
Dr David Green , director of the Civitas think - tank , said : ' The idea of a violent woman really was something of an oddity 15 or 20 years ago .
' But there has been a trend among a distinct minority of young females to become more like men , and the role models they have chosen to emulate are the worst men , rather than the best .
' Add to that the drinking , and that adds up to more violence . '
The figures come just days after five women were caught on CCTV kicking and stamping on Matthew Campbell , 38 , in a random attack .
One of the women was shown stepping forward and kicking him full in the face .
Then , as he cowered on the floor , he was subjected to a barrage of blows and kicks from the gang .
All the attackers , aged between 21 and 42 , are members of the same extended family and had been drinking heavily .
In a separate incident , two 17 - year - old girls were arrested after a 62 - year - old gay man was beaten to death in Trafalgar Square .
Some 12,573 women were convicted for violence in 2007 - the year covered by the latest figures - compared to 6,937 in 1998 .
Common assaults were up from 3,209 to 8,068 .
While the number of murders is low , many criminologists consider the level of increase or decrease the best judge of whether a society has become more violent .
There were 19 murders in 2007 , more than double the nine in 1998 .
Violence is now the most common reason for women being arrested in England and Wales , overtaking theft and handling stolen goods .
The Police Federation said the days when officers could rely on women to be a ' calming influence ' on male drinkers were no more .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said : ' These figures are very alarming and it's pretty clear that they are at least in part a consequence of the binge drinking culture that has grown up around the country .
' It 's now clear that Labour 's licensing reforms were a big mistake and we will take major steps to reform the system to tax super strength alcohol and to stop supermarkets selling booze at a low cost price . '
But Police Minister David Hanson said : ' To suggest that a rise in convictions means an increase in overall violent crime is simply misleading .
' We know less than 25 per cent of violent offences are committed by women .
' But we are not complacent about any form of violence . '
The figures are a blow to the Government on the day police and Home Office are expected to be condemned by inspectors for under - counting the number of violent crimes for years .
Crimes of ' grievous bodily harm with intent ' were being recorded as lesser crimes .
The nightmare is approaching fast for Sprint , the one and only wireless carrier in the world right now who 's officially offer Palm Prē™ is going to face its worst nightmare : data bandwidth clog .
Where previously , Sprint ( including Palm ) was caught off guard with the found of Palm Prē 's data tethering capability and tries to make the news low profile ever since then .
But now , there 's a new app for the Prē™ called ' My Tether ' that will allow the smartphone to become a 3G WiFi Router .
" This app allows you to use your Pre to connect to the internet .
It allows you make your Pre into an WiFi hotspot to share your EVDO connection , as well share your EVDO or WiFi connection to tether over USB , or Bluetooth PAN , " says Raja Kapur the app developer at his website .
There are two versions of the app , version 1.5 is offered free but requires you to hack your Palm Prē™ first , the updated version 2.0 needs $ 10 worth of donation and offers more features such as :
Added WiFi network name & WEP key customization options
Added option to disable sleep mode on Palm Pre
Added ability to turn off the LCD only , does n't put the device into sleep
Removed dependence on webosinternals .
services
My Tether remembers your last tether option & opens to same one
My Tether now sets your screen timeout timer setting back to what it was before it was disabled
Added checks on WiFi tether screen to existing WiFi connection & prompt with option to disable WiFi
Added dashboard notifications on status of WiFi Tethering
When WiFi Tethering is turned off the old WiFi connection is automatically re-enabled
Although ' My Tether ' app v2.0 only offer WEP encryption , it 's much better than none at all .
But if you 're still interested in the free version , then follow the instructions from PalmPreHacks on how to hack your Palm Prē™ .
Watch the embedded video below for more information on how to hack your Prē™ and turn it into a hotspot in under an hour .
Thank you for such a great site !
Since Isaac Newton has predicted the world ’s end in 2060 , do you think it may be possible that the Rapture may not come till around that time ?
I say this because of two things .
One , Brother Newton was a genius and instead of a generation being 40 to 70 years , it may actually be 120 years .
Moses had three 40 year periods …
Egypt , Midian period and wandering in the desert .
It took Noah 120 years to build the ark and then God closed the door .
The Rapture of the saints is a type of door closing also , which is based on that very last person being saved and only God knows the number .
However , we do n’t know the time or date for the Rapture , so can it be that a generation is a 120 years .
From 1948 , 120 years , minus 7 will be very close to 2060 .
This is only a thought and I hope I am wrong .
We should always be a watchman on the wall .
A
D. and arrived at 2060 as the date of the “ fall of Babylon ” or cessation of the apostate Church .
While 800 AD was a special year in Europe , there ’s no Biblical significance to it , and the year for a day principle is not meant to have general application .
In fact , taking the Daniel passages in context does not permit this kind of symbolic use .
By definition , a generation is the span of time between a man ’s birth and the birth of his first child .
In Biblical times this averaged out to be about 40 years .
It has nothing to do with a man ’s lifespan , which declined from 969 at its longest ( Methuselah ) to the 70 - 80 years described in Psalm 90:10 .
( This was caused by the collapse of the water vapor canopy that surrounded the Earth before the flood . )
Noah lived for 900 years , Shem for 600 , Abraham for 175 and Moses for 120 and so on .
If you read the story of Moses ’ life carefully you ’ll see that he lived through 3 of the 4 generations from his birth to the arrival of the Jews in the Promised Land .
God had prophesied this in Genesis 15:16 .
Matt. 24:34 says , in effect , that the generation being born when the end times signs began would still be alive at their completion .
It does not say that all the signs would be fulfilled in one generation , but in the lifetimes of those being born when they begin .
If you start with the major sign that has triggered the beginning of the end ( the re-birth of Israel ) you can reasonably conclude that all end times signs including the 2nd Coming will take place by approximately 2018 .
LAST WEEK I attended a Joan Baez concert in Lowell with a friend .
We had both first heard her in high school or college in India - she was a staple on campuses , never mind that her music was two decades older than us .
On this summer evening , as I surrendered to “ Diamonds and Rust ’ ’ and other songs that sounded richer than I ’d ever heard on tape or CD , I went back to the time I discovered Joan Baez , and other music I ’ve loved all my life .
It was on a cassette , copied for my brother and me by a friend , from an original cassette that someone else had brought back from a trip to the United States .
Back in the ’ 80s , owning original imported music was a privilege , and much of the Western music in our homes was copied .
Friends and family traveling abroad brought back music .
They also brought back cellophane - sealed stacks of blank tapes , which were opened and distributed as gifts .
We picked the music we wanted to copy , put the two tapes on someone ’s tape deck , and the music went around .
The blank tapes came with covers on which we wrote the song titles , often in pencil , so that we could erase old favorites and record new ones .
We even tried to copy some cover art work from the original .
By the time we were done , at least a dozen people had copies from a single original .
Then there were copies of copies .
Was it illegal ?
Was it unethical ?
We never thought about it .
Even if we had , would we have stopped ?
Music sharing was the only way most of us could get the music .
A Boston college student was recently found guilty of willfully distributing music online despite knowing that it was illegal , and fined $ 675,000 .
The fine was much less than the millions that the record companies wanted , but sufficient to drive him to bankruptcy .
( The defense had proposed 99 cents a song , which seems more in tune , since it is what he would have paid for them online . )
At the verdict , representatives of the recording labels stated they were pleased with the outcome - the jury had confirmed that artists and recording companies deserved to get paid for the work that they put into making the music .
Someone on the defendant ’s side protested , “ It ’s what kids do ! ’’
I ca n’t argue with that .
Online file sharing does not seem so different from the activity we indulged in so many years ago .
But I do n’t argue with the guilty verdict either .
After all , warnings against copying and distribution are on every CD and DVD .
About the financial damages to recording labels and artists , I am not so sure .
From those first tapes in high school , I carried the music with me when I went on to college and built an ever - growing collection of original tapes .
When my husband attended university , he began collecting original CDs , which he got in exchange for tutoring sessions on campus .
When he could , he bought at least one every month .
More than two decades after those first tapes , my brother is still building out his collection - on his iPod at 99 cents a song .
And then there are the tickets that my friends and I have bought for concerts under summer skies like the one last week .
Eventually , it seems , recording labels and artists do collect their dues .
Radha Roy Biswas lives in Littleton .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The Family Research Council wants you to be manly .
So the Values Voter Summit , the annual confab of ultra-conservative political and religious leaders , tried to be hip with a fundamentalist - inspired reenactment of " Mad Men . "
Wendy Norris is an investigative reporter working on special assignment for Rewire .
The Family Research Council wants you to be manly .
So the Values
Voter Summit , the annual confab of ultra-conservative political and
religious leaders that took place this weekend in Washington tried to be hip with a fundamentalist - inspired
reenactment of " Mad Men , " the popular American television drama that
harkens back to the good ol ’ days when men were in charge and women knew their
place .
According to the seminar description on " The New
Masculinity , " Pat Fagan , senior fellow and director of FRC ’s Center for
Family and Religion , will discuss how " feminism has wreaked havoc on
marriage , women , children and men .
It is time to redress the disorder it has
wrought and that must start with getting the principles and ideals for a new
‘ masculinism ’ right . "
And you ’ll never believe what is responsible for the
destruction of the male psyche .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
A preview of Fagan ’s remarks can likely be augured from his
" monogamy is good , postmodernist polyamorous social welfare state is
bad " speech on " Family Diversity and Political Freedom "
presented at the 2009 World Congress of Families in Amsterdam .
The three most critical problems facing men are :
" Childhood education , sex education and the control of adolescent health
programs . "
Seriously .
Fagan continues unmasking this scourge of science - based
knowledge and self - determination as a direct result of eliminating monogamy
money , or abstinence - only education funding :
" By controlling these
three areas ( education of children , sex education and adolescent health ) the
culture of polyamory diminishes the influence and dismantles the authority and
influence of parents of the culture of monogamy particularly in their ability
to form their children as members of their own culture .
In a polemical vein , one could say they
“ snatch ” children away from their parents and from the culture of monogamy in ways
analogous to the Ottoman Turks of the 14th century who raided boys from
Christian nations to train them as their own elite warriors , the
Janissaries . "
The last bastion of resistance , argues Fagan , is home
schooling and a political movement to divert taxpayer dollars from special
interests , like doctors and social workers , which serve the Mammon of safety
net programs .
So , now you know where the " death panel " and
" abortion on - demand " health care reform hysteria from the political
right wing is coming from — doctors are the new boogeyman .
But then Fagan takes a darker and more sinister tone in his
Amsterdam speech advising men " to engage in the increasingly hostile state
and the polygamy culture whenever it ‘ raids ’ the territory of his family ’s
domain . "
He offers no concrete examples of civilized or effective
" engagement " merely vague exhortations to " fight for control
over what is his and his family ’s just due . "
After the paranoia - stoked fury
that derailed any substantive public discussion at the congressional town halls
this summer , it is arrogant and irresponsible to issue a call - to - arms to men
using toxic allusions of violence and fear .
And if the discussion could n’t
get any more prurient , it gets worse .
Joining Fagan on the dais was Michael Schwartz , chief of
staff for Sen . Tom Coburn , the ultra conservative Oklahoma Republican and
former obstetrician who was recently in the news as a resident of the " C
Street House , " a Washington , D.C. , compound run by the controversial
religious and political organization known as " The Family . "
The secretive organization promotes marital fidelity along with " biblical
capitalism , " a laissez - faire global economic scheme where Christian men
pretty much control everything .
Coburn ’s C Street House roomie was none other than the very
married Nevada Sen .
Jon Ensign who reluctantly admitted in July to a
long - standing affair with a campaign staffer .
Coburn reportedly urged Ensign
to break off the liaison and to pay millions of dollars in hush money to
the mistress .
Coburn denies the latter allegation by the mistress ’ husband .
The Center for American
Progress notes on its Think Progress.org blog Schwartz ’ remarks blame the
" blight " of pornography and homosexuality for the destruction of
masculinity .
In an astonishingly illogical
speech , the top- ranking staffer of a prominent senator who serves on key
health , judiciary and national intelligence committees , inexplicably correlates
the depiction of nude women and sex acts to a nefarious gay plot to recruit
young boys .
Said
Schwartz :
" One
of the temptations that your sons are going to run into is pornography .
Pornography is a blight .
It is a disaster .
It is …it is one of those silent
diseases in our society that we have n’t been able to overcome very well .
Now , I
may be getting politically incorrect here .
But one —
It ’s been a few years , not
that many , since I was closely associated with pre-adolescent boys , boys who
are like 10 to 12 years of age .
…
After all , homosexuality , we know , studies
have been done by the National Institute of Health to try to prove that it ’s
genetic and all those studies have proved its not genetic .
Homosexuality is
inflicted on people . … all pornography is homosexual pornography because all
pornography turns your sexual drive inwards .
And that in fact is what it does .
I know couples now who are struggling with the husband ’s addiction to pornography .
It ’s a terrible thing .
And that ’s what happens .
And , you know , if it does n’t
turn you homosexual , it at least renders you less capable of loving your wife .
And it ’s something you need to be healed of . "
As Think Progress notes " Schwartz
is no stranger to extreme rhetoric about the gay community " :
" In 2005 , he denounced the
Supreme Court for giving Americans ‘ the right to commit buggery . ’
Later , he
told Max Blumenthal , ‘ I ’m a radical !
I ’m a real extremist .
I do n’t want to
impeach judges .
I want to impale them !’
In 1987 , Schwartz co-wrote ‘ Gays , AIDS ,
and You , ’ which according to Blumenthal , alleged that the gay community was
‘ using the AIDS crisis to pursue [ their ] political agenda . ’ "
Not that I held out hope that
the Values Voter Summit would seriously discuss advancing a " new
masculinity " of healthy personal development and spiritual worth .
But Fagan
and Schwartz ’ remarks are emblematic of a caustic strain of violent
theo - fascist anti-modernism politics that has no place in American society .
And one need look no further
than this confab to trace where these ignorant , vitriolic beliefs are promoted
in order to incite abortion clinic violence , hate crimes against LGBT citizens
and daily assaults on reproductive freedom that religious conservatives ever so
conveniently denounce when tragedy strikes .
Along with Thursday ’s GDP report , the Department of Commerce offered an important clue to answering one of the biggest questions hanging over the U.S. economy :
How quickly U.S. consumers can shed their onerous debts and get into a position to spend again .
In a table buried deep in its Web site , the Bureau of Economic Analysis reported that U.S. households ’ annualized mortgage payments fell by more than $ 10 billion in the third quarter from the second , a decline of about 1.5 % .
In all , they had fallen an annualized $ 35.7 billion from their peak in the first quarter of 2008 .
The data reflect two trends .
For one , with the Federal Reserve holding short - term interest rates near zero , the wave of pain wrought by payment resets on floating - rate mortgage loans may have largely passed .
Beyond that , an increasing share of mortgage holders has stopped making payments on loans .
The official data are just starting to pick up the effect of those defaults , because the debt is n’t erased until the lender has foreclosed , sold the house and charged off the loan .
Mortgage debt is by far the largest portion of household debt , so the decline in payments will likely have a large effect on one of the most widely - watched indicators of U.S. consumers ’ indebtedness — the financial obligation ratio , which measures payments on mortgages , credit cards and rent as a share of disposable income .
And if the growing ranks of delinquent mortgage holders are any indication , the finances of U.S. households will be even better in quarters to come .
None of that , of course , means that people will be heading straight for the mall .
Many have lost their homes , their jobs and much of their savings .
But for those who have gotten out from under onerous loans , it will be a bit easier to live within their means .
Related article : Household Debt Can Hasten Recovery
10 days ago or so I created a survey to try and gather some data about how people ’s social status affects their political orientation .
It was mostly aimed at Anarchists as I was interested to see what combination of ideas and social circumstances correlate to each ideology .
Initially I got a moderate amount of responses but yesterday I decided to post a link to reddit as well and within one day I had already exceeded my allotted amount of responses ( PollDaddy allows 100 survey reponses for free accounts ) by a 100 .
However I could still see and analyze those results so I ’m not exactly certain when limitations kick in .
In any case , now that I ’ve got a small sample I think it ’s time to do some analysis and see what we find .
The results
I ’ve had most answers of course from Libertarian Socialists ( i.e. Anarchists ) as this is where I was aiming my survey in the first place .
However , others also joined in in smaller amounts as well .
( Click on any image for a large view )
In the first question , I tried to allow people to select their current political orientation as they see it themselves .
I realize this relies of people being a bit solid on their own political beliefs and it would probably have been better if I had decided their orientation for them via questions , but this is an amateur survey and I do n’t have the necessary knowledge to ask the correct questions .
I am thinking that in version 2 of the survey I should include one question which will ask people to take the political compass test and report back with their quadrant as this will hopefully help them choose more accurately .
If one answered this question as Libertarian Socialist , an extra page was opened to them which allowed them to further define their views within the two camps of Anarchism and also point out what brought them to this result .
Interesting Point :
As I had the privilege to notice the differences between the LibSocs coming from my initial blogpost and those coming from reddit , I noticed that there were far more individualists coming from here while when reddit started entering the game , the Social Anarchists quickly overtook them as the majority .
Still , the split is not that big and it seems to be in the middle between the real life numbers ( where Social Anarchists are the vast majority ) and the internet tendency towards right - libertarianism .
Individualist Anarchists
As expected , most of this camp came from Classical Liberalism following the liberty path of the LibSoc Pull .
I was surprised however at how many considered that a balance must be found between liberty and equality .
The explanation I have is that because of the market mechanisms , a market anarchist always expects some levels of inequality to persist but does n’t consider that they will be ( big enough to be ) disruptive .
As such trying to achieve equality would by expectation interfere with the workings of the market and therefore liberty .
For all of you Individualists who answered this way , is this analysis correct or did you have a different perpective on this choice ?
The movement of the individualists was mainly form the liberal side athough it had a fairly large amount which came from the State Socialism path .
Continuing on to their social status …
Compared to the overall Social Status , the Individualists seem to have a higher percentage of Company Owners and Academics and lower wage workers and unemployed but not excessively so .
Unfortunately I believe that the question I asked on the social status were not enough to point out more fine differences that I think would have been useful .
For example , I would be quite interested to see in which sector they are wage workers at as there is a big difference in the environment between an sysadmin wage - worker and a carpenter .
This is certainly something for the next survey .
On the social status , it ’s interesting that they have a higher percentage of people who consider themselves to be on the lower class .
I wonder what kind of connection there is here .
Social Anarchists
These were the greatest group taking part in the survey , only late in the game overcoming the individualists .
Interestingly , most of them seemed to start from their current position which makes me wonder what kind of upbringing they had and how their early environment affected their life .
Did they get raised by LibSoc parents or did they just happen to be in a tolerant neighborhood ?
These are certainly questions that I will try to include in my next version of the survey .
As expected , Social Anarchists came mostly from the State Socialism side , following the libertarian socialist pull .
Still , there were still quite a bunch of them that identified as propertarians for most of their life .
Certainly ,
It must have been quite a trip from someone to move from stateless capitalism to communism or syndicalism .
Finally , there were also quite a few who consider equality and liberty to be on a scale rather than complementary to each other .
While I can understand that from individualists , I ca n’t grasp it from socials so I would be interested to know some perspectives on this .
On the Social Status of the Social Anarchists , the result were more of what was expected .
There is a far stronger presence of the working class which points nicely to the idea that wage - slavery radicalizes people to a degree .
However while the percentage of wage - workers increased slightly , it was the student percentage that took a big jump .
It seems that most of the Social Anarchists are or have mostly been still in education which can point us to two possibilities which of course do n’t exclude each other .
1 ) Schools , colleges and universities can be a powerful breeding ground for socialism .
Of course it ’s difficult to figure out which is the correlation , which is why I think I should be requesting the ages of people in the future as well .
2 ) Social Anarchists might be as a rule younger and less experienced in life .
This is of course not necessarily bad as it ’s most likely that wage - slavery will radicalize them even more , however it might also serve as a platform for other schools of thought to shallowly renounce us as immature or somesuch .
As for the social position , the Social Anarchists are as a group at the lowest rungs of the social ladder and we did not manage to have any of the rich within our ranks .
Still I believe a greater sample would be more telling here .
Finally , I ’m going to take a look at the two other camps of survey takers as a more generalized group or Left vs Right so as to save some time .
Of course you ’ll be be getting the data yourselves so you can take a look yourself if you wish .
The Right ( Minarchist & Stateless Capitalism )
There was quite a large number of such taking part in the survey , almost 1 / 4 of the total number of participants which tells a bit about my audience ( hi guys & gals ! ) and the political consistency of /r/ anarchism .
Between them , their numbers were almost split in half .
While many of those two groups either started from their respective positions or moved between them , there were a few that came from more egalitarian positions .
I would be especially interested to see what convinced LibSocs to turn propertarian .
As for the choice between equality and liberty , the results are not surprising although I ’m surprised about those who believe that liberty requires equality .
Since Capitalism is always a system which breeds inequality since it present the capacity for accumulation ( indeed , it depends upon it ) , how can you both believe in such an idea but also support the Capitalist mode of production ?
I think that most who selected this option , perhaps were confused on either their choice of orientation or their choice in this question .
Still , if someone consciously selected those two options , I ’d like to hear the perspective behind this .
On the social status , the Liberals also have its largest percentage in wage - slavery but here it makes even more sense to know which sector dominates .
I ca n’t get it out of my head that most will be in the Computer Industry .
The Liberals generally also seem to have been mostly students which also points to the possibility that intellectual pursuits are also conductive to liberalism .
This makes me believe that I should also be inquiring on possibly both the sector one is studying in and also if the sector one currently works is the same one they ’ve studied .
I wonder is there is a correlation between liberalist feelings and someone managing to find work in their chosen field .
Finally the social status shows a marked move towards the upper strata .
While they do not have any rich amongst them , both the middle and lower class percentages have dropped while the Upper - Middle class has increased by 8 % .
The Left ( Social Democrats and State Socialists )
First I ’d like to say that I think I may have not been clear enough on the choices here ( Curse you skewed US terminology ) .
By “ Social Democrats ” I meant what the US Republicans call a “ Liberal ” while with “ State Socialist ” I mean mostly the variants of Marxist - Leninism which depend on the existence of a state to ( temporarily ) sustain the revolution / socialism .
This might have been clear for governmental communists and the like but it might have confused Trotskyists .
I had someone write to me that he did n’t know what to choose as a Marxist - Leninist so obviously this needs more work .
Ideas on this appreciated .
Now on to the stats .
As expected from being in the Anarchist subreddit , there were not a lot of Statists around so the sample if very small even between them .
It seems that is n’t extensive change in their viewpoints really but I was again surprised at how many people selected that you ca n’t have equality without freedom .
If this is your viewpoint , then why do you support the existence of a state which is a profoundly authoritarian institution ?
Personally I expected far more people to select the “ Balance ” option in this case .
On the social status , things seem more or less standard .
More collection on workers and students but greater concentration in the middle class .
Unfortunately with such a small sample , it ’s difficult to make a lot of conclusions as even the 1 rich person shows as a whole 4 % of the total .
Epilogue
So that was it for now .
I hope you ’ve found the results interesting and my analysis insightful and of course , I will work on improving it more so that some more interesting information might be gleaned .
At the moment , these are the kind of questions I ’m thinking of adding .
Job or Study Sector .
Family type .
Early life environment .
Change question on “ Which social position have you been mostly in your life ” to “ Which social position have you been mostly in your adult life ”
life ” Age .
Sex .
Private Property or Possession ?
Political Compass quadrant .
Do you work on the sector you ’ve studied ?
Options for “ co-op ” and “ Boss ” social positions .
Labour theory of Value , Marginalism or some synthesis of the two ?
School of Economics ( Neoclassical , Austrian , Marxian etc )
I would really appreciate feedback and ideas of course .
Especially on the questions you would like to see and how the survey should be paced .
There has been quite a lot of feedback from people who took the survey as well , some giving me some good ideas while others explaining what confused them .
Below I ’ll respond to some of them and you ’ll be able to see the rest yourselves in the full export .
Feedback
Each quote represents a different submitter .
Attitudes towards different things ( how valuable are things – things are more valuable to the poor ; attitudes to poverty verses excess ) ; social class growing up verses social class held now .
I ’ve already included this as a question for the future and comparing those two will certainly be interesting .
It might also point out how much a perspective changes as one grows up .
I also like the idea of seeing one ’s attitude towards excess or luxury .
I need to think how to phrase this though .
Ask more specific ideas on social issues , and methods of organization .
For instance , if someone identifies as a social democrat yet , constantly agrees with Libertarian socialist ideas , it would seem they may not know what either term means .
I think that is too detailed for this survey .
I ’ll add however the Political Compass as an option and ask people to figure and submit on which quadrant they belong .
The options for “ political orientation ” are terrible , I do n’t really fit within any of them .
Although I ’ve added the general groupings as I see them , it ’s likely that either you understand them differently or you think of yourself as something completely different .
If any of you felt this way , please let me know what you would like to see ( keep in mind that it needs to be something generic that a sufficient large sample might select ) or how you identify yourself .
I ’ve been a student and a wage worker since I could legally work , your questions need to have more options to choose from
You mean like an option for someone to choose worker & student together ?
Hmm .
Perhaps I should make this a multiple choice vote ?
So that someone might choose Student +
Wage Worker or Academic +
Wage Worker .
Ask about politics and class of parents .
Ask about type of occupation ( management , finance , health care , etc ) .
Ask about where they ’ve lived .
Very good idea .
Already added .
Religiousness — religious , deist , agnostic , atheist , anti-theist , etc .
Although interesting I do not know how relevant it is .
What does everyone think ?
What attracted you to your political point of view ?
What information or insight lead you to your current political orientation ?
I ’m thinking of adding such open - ended questions , but they will have to be inputed as text instead of multiple choice , which will mean it will require manual reading and more time ( and thus possibility to cancel the survey ) on behalf of the survey taker .
I may add it as an optional field and try to analyze it for general trends .
I mainly identify with the Green party philosophy , and was not sure which of your categories most closely represented it .
I came to political awakening from an environmental / anti-nuclear path , and expanded it to anti-imperialism and disgust with the corporate plutocracy we have in the U.S.
I think questions or an expanded answer set to cover those concepts would be useful .
I never even thought of this path .
No idea how common it is but it looks to me that the environmental path closely relates to the egalitarianism path ( ie , why do we need to protect the environment ?
To sustain general human life ) .
Will think about this .
[ …] So , while I may have said I ’m a social anarchist , I was leaving out a lot of important information .
I think it would be worthwhile to add questions about specific overlaps and compatibility between ideologies .
Questions about the role of government ( as a protector of rights , as a mutual - aid organization , as a leader , etc. ) , about private property , personal property , and common property ( e.g. which one should be the predominant kind of property ?
Should any of them be removed from society ? ) and other items which make the ideologies what they are should be asked .
Then , there could be a multiple - choice for which ideologies you could support , if they had the ability to replace the existing political and economic system .
This is certainly interesting and I ’ve already decided to add some questions of this extent as well .
Will need to think how many others I can cram into a multiple - question .
I suggest attempting to make a clear distinction between advocates of big government and advocates of * this * big government .
Hmm , how many such advocates are there ?
AFAIK both conservatives and social democrats always push governments towards an idealized status .
I do n’t think many are happy with the current one .
Furthermore , since this is a test that I mostly target at Anarchists , I think most will simply skip this question .
– The political choices are very US - focused .
This is a weird feedback .
How do you mean ?
Consider adding “ I do n’t know ” as a possible answer .
To some questions , that defeats their purpose .
I am considering adding “ Apolitical ” though , although I guess such would simply not take the survey in the first place ?
Asking about labels is not necessarily a good idea .
That is , people can call themselves whatever they want but not really have a clue as to what that entails .
True , but for an amateur survey I do not have much choice .
Hopefully , the addition of the Political Compass might help .
Asterisks exist for some questions without the footnote that should be there .
There are more types of Conservatives than you allow in your questions .
I ’m a Libertarian Conservative , not a Libertarian Socialist , but that ’s not an option in your poll .
Asterisks denote mandatory questions , not footnotes .
As for Conservatives , I thought about adding such an option but I ’m not certain what their significant difference from Liberals and Social Democrats is .
I have even less an idea what a Libertarian Conservative is .
Also , the question about recent change in ideology should be modified .
Recent change is subjective , so I ’m not really sure how to answer .
You should either simply ask if I have changed , and if so , what I was before , or you should ask if I ’ve changed , and then , if so , how long ago did I change ?
Hmm , yes , this does sound a bit more clear .
Other opinions ?
Have definition links embedded within the political assignments .
ie , define libertarian socialist , etc .
Not certain if that is possible but it sounds like a good idea .
Wikipedia ?
I once postulated that you might be able to tell the difference between a republican and a democrat using functional MRI .
Let me explain .
In this model , democrats are those who primarily see the world in terms of cooperation and republicans see it primarily in terms of competition .
Of course , each of us knows that many parts of the world work according to each model , but it would n’t surprise me to learn that one could n’t easily classify people by their predilection to presume that most of the world should be viewed as either one or the other .
“ Cooperation or Competition ” does not sound like a bad question .
I think I ’ll add it .
I started out as state soc leaning at ansoc , converted to the Libertarian Party , spun into ancap , and then found myself a libsoc … this quiz does n’t allow me to say how crooked my path has been !
You ’re killing me here 🙂
But I think you ’re such a small minority in your political changes that it would n’t make much of a difference if you answered it as an approximation .
Data
Phew , so this is the end .
I hope you ’ve all enjoyed this analysis and I hope I ’ll see you all in version 2 of this survey ( no ETA yet ) .
Below you ’ll find a link to the raw exported data I ’ve pulled today with which you can play in a spreadsheet .
I release all of it under the same CC licence as the rest of this site so knock yourself out and just let me know if you write about it so I can link to you .
Raw Data : CSV , XML
Cheers !
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Release : Sanders , Grassley Introduce ‘ Employ America Act ’
WASHINGTON , November 19 – Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I - Vt. ) and Sen. Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) today introduced legislation to prohibit major firms that lay off large numbers of American workers from hiring cheaper foreign labor through temporary guest worker programs .
The economic stimulus package included a similar provision authored by Sanders and Grassley to prevent companies receiving a taxpayer bailout from the Troubled Asset Relief Program from replacing laid - off American workers with guest workers from overseas .
The Sanders - Grassley Employ America
Act expands upon this provision by barring any company engaged in a mass layoff of American workers from hiring temporary guest workers from abroad .
Sanders , a member of the Senate Budget Committee , said , “ With the unemployment rate still climbing and millions of people looking for work , we have a responsibility to ensure that companies do not use the temporary guest - worker program to replace American workers with cheaper labor from overseas . ”
Grassley , ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee , said , “ Our foreign guest worker programs are in place to fill employment needs where there is a shortage of American workers , not as a subterfuge to hire cheap labor .
With the unemployment rate over 10 percent , companies that undertake mass layoffs should n’t need to hire foreign guest workers when there are plenty of qualified Americans looking for jobs . ”
Recently , industries that have hired tens of thousands of guest workers from overseas have announced large - scale layoffs of American workers .
The high - tech industry , a major employer of H - 1B guest workers , has laid off over 345,000 workers since August 2008 .
The construction industry , a major employer of H - 2B guest - workers , has laid off more than 1.5 million workers since December 2007 .
Large companies that have announced layoffs of 50 or more American workers over the past year would be subject to this guest worker prohibition .
To read the bill , click here .
PET Scans Showing PiB
Uptake in the brain of a cognitively healthy person ( left ) and in the brain of a person with AD ( right ) .
Images courtesy of the Alzheimer 's Disease Education and Referral Center
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In his own words , MIT neuroscientist Mark Bear admits he did not " wake up one day and say ' Hey , I 'm going to cure autism . ' "
But , after decades of painstaking basic research on how the brain rewires itself in response to external cues , Bear has discovered a way to reverse the symptoms of Fragile X Syndrome , a disorder that can cause autism , mental retardation and epilepsy .
“ It was a classic payoff of basic research , ” says Bear , the Picower Professor of Neuroscience .
And Bear is not the only MIT neuroscientist discovering this payoff .
Several basic research projects have recently yielded drugs now in clinical trials to treat a variety of brain disorders .
Helped by advances in lab technology , neuroscientists have learned enough about how the brain works that they can start coming up with ways to treat problems that arise when something goes wrong , says Mriganka Sur , head of MIT ’s Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences .
“ A lot of basic science is abstract , and necessarily so , but I foresee that as neuroscientists , we can have as much impact on brain disorders as biologists have had on cancer , ” says Sur , whose own research has led to potential treatments for Rett Syndrome , a specific type of autism .
Making connections
One of neuroscience ’s major goals is unraveling the mechanisms of human learning and memory — a daunting task .
One way that brain scientists narrow their approach is to target the connections between individual neurons , known as synapses .
At these synapses , neurotransmitters such as glutamate , dopamine or serotonin carry messages from one brain cell to another .
Those chemicals set off a variety of responses in the receiving cell , such as electrical signals or producing another signaling molecule .
Sometimes the messages enact changes to the synapses themselves , usually a strengthening or weakening of the connection — a phenomenon known as synaptic plasticity .
This plasticity forms the basis of learning and memory .
In the late 1980s , Bear ’s research suggested that a cell receptor — called a metabotropic glutamate receptor — plays a critical role in synaptic plasticity .
He was intrigued by its role in a phenomenon known as long - term depression , a suppression of synapses that helps shape brain connections during development .
However , he had no inkling that it would lead him to a potential way to reverse autism symptoms .
“ I had no idea what Fragile X was .
None , ” he says .
Many years later , after the Human Genome Project was completed , researchers linked Fragile X Syndrome to a gene that codes for a protein produced when synaptic metabotropic glutamate receptors are activated .
After several years of experimentation , Bear realized that Fragile X protein actually inhibits the response to metabotropic glutamate receptors .
When the fragile X protein is missing , overactivity of these glutamate receptors leads to excessive synaptic connectivity , protein synthesis , growth and excitability — all symptoms of Fragile X .
To prove his theory , Bear and his students crossed mice with Fragile X symptoms with mice that were genetically engineered to have fewer metabotropic glutamate receptors .
The offspring were normal , showing that knocking out the glutamate receptor could reverse the symptoms of Fragile X .
“ It was unbelievable , ” Bear recalls .
“ It is absurd to think you could correct a disorder as varied as Fragile X by this one mechanism . ”
This kind of result shows the value of the National Institute of Health ’s approach to funding basic research , Bear says .
In effect , the NIH is saying “ keep working under the hood and I ’m sure you ’re going to find something important someday , ” says Bear .
Four drug companies , including one co-founded by Bear , are now testing drugs that inhibit glutamate receptors in Fragile X patients .
Successes like these prove the value of basic research , says Constantine Stratakis , director of scientific programs for the NIH ’s National Institute of Childhood Health and Human Development .
In fact , the lines between basic and clinical research are becoming increasingly blurred , he says .
“ There is no question that everything we do in clinical science is based on basic science , ” says Stratakis .
‘ Holy Grail ’
Research in Sur ’s lab has followed a similar arc .
Clinical trials will start later this year for drugs based on Sur ’s research on Rett Syndrome , which began as an effort to understand plasticity in neurons that process vision .
That work led naturally to studying brain disorders such as autism , because “ disorders of development are disorders of how the brain is wired , ” says Sur .
“ That ’s why autism is so fascinating to me , because it maps so directly onto plasticity . ”
So far , this approach of linking specific molecules to disease treatment has been most successful for specific types of autism caused by mutation of a single gene , such as Rett Syndrome and Fragile X Syndrome .
However , Sur and Bear hope their work could also extend to other forms of autism someday .
“ You need the basic science background to pursue treatments for these disorders , which has always been the Holy Grail for most if not all health sciences research , ” says Sur .
In the laboratory of Li-Huei Tsai , director of MIT ’s Picower Institute for Learning and Memory , recent advances have led to promising potential treatments for Alzheimer ’s disease .
Using a unique mouse model developed in her lab , she has shown that inhibiting a specific enzyme involved in brain plasticity can dramatically improve cognitive performance .
A company called In Vivo , in Waltham , Mass. , is now conducting phase I clinical trials of one such inhibitor .
Tsai is optimistic about those trials , and also believes there are many other brain disorders — such as post traumatic stress disorder , schizophrenia , and bipolar disorder — that could be treated with similar drugs .
“ Nothing can be more rewarding than knowing that what you do may one day benefit people who suffer from these devastating diseases , ” she says .
Provided by Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( news : web )
Explore further Fragile X retardation syndrome corrected in mice
I know what you are thinking .
You read the title of this post and wondered to yourself , " no , my kids are watching too much TV ! "
Well , that might be true .
When I ask if your kids are watching enough television , I 'm not referring to the time spent in front of the magic technicolor picture box , I 'm talking about the quality of the television they are watching .
Too often I meet and talk to kids who spend way too much time watching irreverent cartoons and too little time watching something actually educational and interesting .
Something that would nurture their young , spongy minds and not just entertain them with seizure - inducing flash movement and ridiculous cartoon scenarios .
To wit , this is not a cartoon - bashing post .
I love me some cartoons and so do my kids , but sadly some children just watch way too much television , and when it 's nothing but cartoons that is a very important part of their life they just are n't going to get back .
Clearly , the age group I 'm shooting for is n't the preschool age where the cartoons are like preschool on television ( as Nick Jr. says ) but rather the elementary / middle school kids who come home , drop their bag and plop down in front of the tube .
As parents , and as geeky parents we have a responsibility to their mental development to change their habits .
That 's the hard part .
When kids hear " History Channel " or " Discovery Channel " they tend to tune you out .
At first .
The key here is the resolve of the parent .
My kids did n't want to have anything to do with anything possibly educational until I made them watch .
I sat them down , turned on the Discovery Channel and made them watch .
The first show I made them watch was Dirty Jobs .
After two episodes of Mike Rowe slogging through trash and doing generally disgusting things , they were hooked .
Next up was Mythbusters .
The experiments on that show should be enough to capture the imagination and brain waves of even the most cartoon - hardened child .
Things explode !
What child does n't enjoy watching things explode !
Photo : Discovery Channel
As a side note , both Mythbusters and Dirty Jobs kick off new seasons this month .
Secretly though , I was pulling a fast one over on the kids .
Little did they know it , but they were learning .
Maybe they would n't be able to re-create an experiment they saw on Mythbusters or learn all the physics and science behind it , but they were picking up something more than just random catch phrases and smart - alecky creatures running around .
Soon we moved on to deeper fare , more rooted in engineering and science .
Shows such as Build it Bigger and How It 's Made on the Science Channel are fantastic tools for learning and entertainment .
Though the narrative on How It 's Made could use a little help .
Soon they went from watching nothing but cartoons to watching nothing but shows on the Discovery Networks family of channels .
I do n't think we ever watch anything on Discovery Health though .
Whenever I turn over to catch the tail end of a Phineas & Ferb episode , I get told to turn it back .
It 's amazing that they 've grown to enjoy these shows so thoroughly .
One of the hidden gems , Destroyed in Seconds , is a great show to illustrate that life is n't all cut and dry and you should always be not only completely aware of your surroundings , but know to expect the unexpected to happen and be as prepared as you can .
I know this all sounds like a glowing endorsement of the Discovery Network , and it is .
Because when I was a child – it was nowhere near as entertaining and interesting .
Back then , Discovery Channel was just one channel and generally there was a show on about the wildlife in Africa .
While interesting , there was no real - world application .
It 's nice to learn about the mating cycle of the lion , but how is that knowledge going to help me in real life ?
So when it comes to nature programming , I was a bit more selective because I know how droll that can be .
Thankfully , there is Shark Week .
We all know about Shark Week .
Probably the best idea Discovery had was to devote a whole week of prime - time programming during the summer to nothing but sharks .
That was freaking awesome .
The kids look forward to Shark Week like they 'd look forward to going to Disney World .
As far as nature programs go , it really can't get any better .
Mixing the science and physiology of sharks with real - life encounters and near - death experiences , it 's hard to not watch .
However , their favorite show about the outdoors is Man Vs. Wild .
Watching Bear Grylls struggle through the jungles , tundras and deserts all while eating the local wildlife and getting hurt and surviving really gets their wheels turning .
I 'm hoping they 're taking as much away from the show as intended and can themselves survive in the wild if need be .
Photo : Travel Channel
Next up was Anthony Bourdain and Andrew Zimmern 's shows on the Travel Channel .
No Reservations and Bizarre Foods ( now Bizarre World ) take the viewer on an all - expense - paid trip around the world to discover the local cultures and cuisines that make each destination unique .
I know , that sounded like I read it off the press release .
I did n't .
These two shows have become gross - out staples in our house , and the kids watch just to see what strange things Zimmern is going to eat next , or if Bourdain is going to have yet another boating faux pas .
Plus , if you have n't watched No Reservations , I suggest you do just because Bourdain probably has the best narrator voice I 've ever heard .
He 's not dull and he keeps myself and the kids entertained even when he 's bored .
Sure , he can get a little profane sometimes and drink a bit too much on the show – but it 's worth it to get glimpses of the world around and about us .
The next step in changing their television habits after getting them interested was moving on to history .
I 'm a total honk for the History Channel .
Recently , the History Channel has branched out to outer space with The Universe .
The show features some great science facts as well as just amazing images of the celestial bodies floating in space .
This show makes for a great tool for capturing their imaginations , jamming it into a jar and shaking it up a bit .
However , not quite enough engineering for me .
So I introduced them to Modern Marvels .
Probably one of the best educational programs on television .
Covering tons of subjects ranging from battle gear to insulation to candies and snacks , the show goes over how a product or device is made and what it 's used for .
Talk about learning .
Even as an adult , and a non-engineer , it 's still amazing and leaves me in wonderment and awe seeing how specific parts are used to put something that I use together .
It 's even better seeing that look on a child 's face .
As they get older , I can't wait to introduce them to military history , starting with Mail Call and Lock n' Load with R. Lee Ermey .
While general military history is okay at this point , I think it 's too early to turn them on to the history of automatic weapons and artillery shelling .
Though , the time will soon come .
What I 'm getting at here is that if the kids are going to be in front of the television as much as they are , you might as well make it as worthwhile as possible .
I 'm sure most of you already know this , but you 'd be surprised .
For a while there , I did n't know it .
I 'd watch Discovery after they went to bed , thinking they would n't be interested .
I was surprised to say , I was wrong .
They were interested .
Cartoons are n't the bane of society ; they are a great distraction from the real world , but then – so is the real world .
Seeing another part of the world , or the universe or looking back in time is as much of a distraction from your current stress in life ( for us , work – for them , school ) as are cartoons and other mindless programming .
I 'd like to suggest a healthy balance in their television watching .
For every half - hour of an episodic cartoon , have your kids check out some of the shows I mentioned above .
You may already watch them with your kids , you may not .
I 'm not here to judge , just to suggest .
You may have noticed I did n't mention any of the " reality " shows such as Ice Road Truckers or Deadliest Catch .
Those shows , at least to me , do n't really fall under an educational banner .
Sure , if you want to know how to cut down trees or drive a truck , great ; one episode is good for that .
Those shows are about the stress and drama of those jobs and it's my feeling that kids do n't really need to see how high stress those jobs are .
They can learn for themselves one day .
The world will always need loggers and truckers .
Until the robots take over of course .
Check out Discovery.com , Travel Channel.com and History.com for more great programming , but steer the kids away from The Learning Channel .
While it 's under the Discovery umbrella , it 's gotten a bit weird lately .
Houston Maritime Lawyer
If you have suffered an injury while in the service of a vessel at sea , on an offshore rig or platform , or in port , your best chance of making a full and fair recovery is to put your case in the hands of an experienced admiralty law attorney .
While many attorneys advertise themselves as maritime lawyers , most are not and will end up referring your case to a lawyer who can handle the complexities of the Jones Act and general maritime law cases .
Cut out the middle man .
I am maritime lawyer Harold Eisenman and I have extensive experience , thirty six years , successfully representing injured workers in Jones Act claims and other maritime claims .
If you have been injured in a maritime accident , I can help you maximize your compensation and get the medical care you need .
I limit my practice to only more serious cases so I can handle each one personally and give each the benefit of my experience and skill .
Over 36 Years of Maritime Law Experience
Contact Me Today for a Free Initial Consultation
For more than 36 years I have concentrated my Houston law practice on maritime injury and death cases , as the result of explosions , vessel accidents , rig and platform accidents , diving accidents , and other offshore accidents .
Representing injured seamen , maritime workers and harbor workers along the Texas Gulf Coast and in seaports around the world , almost all of my cases come to me as referrals from other lawyers and former clients .
One of the keys to maximizing recoveries for injury cases is selecting the right forum to hear your injury case .
I have the experience to know the best place to bring your case so that it receives a fair hearing and wo n't take forever to resolve .
I am Board - certified in personal injury trial law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization , and admitted to the bars of all Texas state courts , four federal court divisions , two federal appellate courts , and the U.S. Supreme Court , I know all your avenues to a full recovery .
In the forums I select , I am able to resolve almost all of my cases within one year of filing .
Protecting Injured Workers
In addition to maritime cases , I help injured railroad workers recover compensation under the Federal Employers Liability Act ( FELA ) .
I also handle many other types of personal injury cases , including those related to commercial and delivery truck accidents , car accidents , and 18 - Wheeler Accidents .
Because of my extensive courtroom experience , I take on big companies or the U.S. Government on behalf of my clients .
Contact Me
I know you have a lot to consider at this critical time , and that is why my consultations are always free .
Handling all cases on a contingency basis , I will advance the costs of preparing your case and only charge a fee after your case is successfully concluded .
If there is no recovery , there is no fee .
I have assisted my clients financially when necessary but am not allowed to promise anything in that regard prior to engagement of employment .
My Houston offices are open weekdays from 9 to 5 , but as part of my national practice , I travel worldwide to meet with my clients .
Contact me today for your free initial consultation .
Contingency Fees · Free Initial Consultations
Lakewood , Washington ( CNN ) --
Whoever fatally shot four police officers Sunday in a coffee shop outside Tacoma , Washington , may have been wounded by one of the victims , police said .
Authorities are trying to determine who killed four Lakewood police officers in the shop in neighboring Parkland on Sunday morning .
Investigators are checking with area hospitals to determine whether the gunman sought treatment after the shooting , Pierce County sheriff 's spokesman Ed Troyer said .
" There 's ... evidence that a Lakewood officer fired some shots , and we hope he hit him , " Troyer said .
Troyer said authorities are seeking Maurice Clemmons , 37 , of Pierce County as a " person of interest . "
He did not identify Clemens as a suspect .
Authorities identified the victims as Sgt. Mark Renninger , 39 ; Officer Ronald Owens , 37 ; Officer Tina Griswold , 40 ; and Officer Greg Richards , 42 .
The officers were sitting in the coffee shop before the start of their shifts when a gunman shot them at about 8 a.m.
PT , Troyer said .
The shop is a place where area law enforcement officers regularly gather to share information , he said .
The attacker walked to the counter as if to order coffee before he pulled a gun out of his coat and fired , Troyer said .
Two of the officers were " executed " as they sat at a table , another was shot when he stood up , and the fourth was shot after struggling with the gunman all the way out the door , Troyer said .
" After , we believe , some of the officers were shot , one of them managed to fight his way with the suspect ... all the way out the the doorway until he was shot and died of a gunshot wound , " Troyer said .
Sunday 's incident was the first time the Lakewood police department lost any officer to a shooting .
Two employees of the coffee shop and other customers inside Forza Coffee Company were unharmed , Troyer said .
One employee fled through the back door when she saw the shooter pull out his gun , he said .
" As you can imagine , they are traumatized , " he said of those inside the coffee shop .
" Some are in shock . "
Investigators have not come up with possible motives , police said .
Families of the officers have been notified , Troyer said .
All of the officers were in uniform , wearing vests and had marked patrol cars parked outside , he said .
Police are looking for one man in connection with the attack , though authorities are not ruling out the possibility that a second person was involved , Troyer said .
A $ 10,000 reward was offered for information leading to an arrest , he said .
Surveillance tapes from multiple location are being reviewed .
Authorities were conducting searches in numerous locations , and dogs had been brought in to attempt to track the shooter , Troyer said .
Investigators believe Clemmons , the person of interest , " is intentionally avoiding us , " Troyer said .
Clemmons has " extensive violent criminal history from Arkansas , including aggravated robbery and theft , " the sheriff 's department said in a statement .
He also was recently charged in Pierce County in connection with the assault of a police officer and the rape of a child , according to the statement .
According to a local prosecutor in Arkansas and past articles published by the Arkansas Democrat - Gazette , a repeat offender named Maurice Clemmons had his 95 - year prison sentence commuted in 2001 by then - Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee .
Huckabee cited Clemmons ' young age -- 17 at the time of his sentencing -- when he announced his decision , according to newspaper articles .
" It was not something I was pleased with at the time , " Larry Jegley , who prosecuted Clemmons for aggravated robbery and other charges in Pulaski County , Arkansas , told CNN Sunday .
" I would be most distressed if this is the same guy . "
Jegley said he was told Sunday by " media and police agencies " that the former Arkansas inmate was the same man being sought in Washington state .
Some tips have come in , and investigators were following leads , one of which turned out to be " an unfortunate hoax , " Troyer said .
A Tacoma man called " multiple people " claiming to be the gunman , though authorities determined the man was lying .
The man was arrested and now faces obstruction charges , Troyer said .
A couple of blocks surrounding the coffee shop were cordoned off .
Several other police agencies were on scene to assist .
Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire , in a statement , said she was " shocked and horrified " at the shootings .
" I offer whatever support is needed to the Pierce County Sheriff in their search for the perpetrator , " Gregoire said .
Lakewood is about 40 miles south of Seattle and 10 miles southwest of Tacoma .
See a map of where the shootings took place
Bystanders gathered outside the Forza Coffee Company , some of them in tears as they spoke to CNN affiliate KING .
The coffee shop is on the edge of McChord Air Force Base .
Spokesman Bud McKay said the base was not shut down , but security was ramped up around the perimeter as a precaution .
The military has offered assistance to police , he said , but it has not been requested .
CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Samira Simone , Dave Alsup and Dina Majoli contributed to this report .
For years the Raney family has helped novice homesteaders around the country save their homesteads from brink of failure and helped to bring their dreams of living off the grid to life .
Now , inspired by years ’ worth of rescues , Marty …
CAT AND MOUSE
A parasite that lives to change mouse behavior may also be altering the way humans act .
The parasitic protozoa Toxoplasma gondii thrives by cycling through feline and rodent hosts .
When it infects mice , the brain - dwelling parasite makes them more daring and , in particular , less afraid of the scent of cats ( so it can get passed back to the feline hosts when they eat the infected , emboldened rodents ) ...
ISTOCKPHOTO / SHIFFTI
“ I believe deeply that it ’s very important to the United States , to the economic health of the United States , that we maintain a strong dollar , ” Mr. Geithner said , according to news reports .
Some analysts , however , believe that behind closed doors , policy makers in Washington are happy to see a slow and steady depreciation of the dollar .
The weak dollar makes American products cheaper overseas , buoying sales , and makes imports more expensive , encouraging consumers at home to buy American .
On Tuesday night , the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas , Richard W. Fisher , seemed to hint at that view , saying the drop in the dollar ’s value had not been “ disorderly ” and that rates were likely to remain low for an extended period , Reuters reported .
“ Sentiment is still negative , and the comments of the Federal Reserve have only fanned the flames , ” said Marc Chandler , the global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman .
As the dollar fell , gold reached $ 1,117.40 an ounce at the stock market ’s close on Wednesday , setting another record high as hedge fund managers and wealthy speculators continued to buy the precious metal .
The Dow Jones industrial average ended trading up 44.29 points , or 0.43 percent , at 10,291.26 .
The broader Standard and Poor ’s 500 - stock index rose 5.50 points , or 0.5 percent , to 1,098.51 , and the Nasdaq composite index jumped 15.82 points , or 0.74 percent , to 2,166.90 .
Crude oil settled at $ 79.28 a barrel , up 23 cents , on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
The zeal from strong trading days in Europe and Asia seemed to help perk up Wall Street .
The FTSE 100 in Britain closed 0.69 percent higher , the DAX in Germany climbed by 0.98 percent and the CAC 40 in France increased by 0.76 percent .
The Hang Seng in Hong Kong rose by 1.61 percent , while the Nikkei in Japan was flat .
Being the fine physical specimens that we are , even from an early age , we of course had little trouble learning how to ride a bike without external help , but we 're sure ** some hapless child out there will welcome the Gyrowheel as salvation from the embarrassment of training wheels .
The 12 - inch wheel ( a 16 - inch version is in the works ) replaces a standard front tire and has an adjustable - speed spinning disc inside , powered by a rechargeable battery .
The idea is that you get the kid started on a high stability setting , and step them down until they 're not using the gyro at all .
It goes on sale this December and should retail for around $ 100 .
Video of it in action is after the break .
[ Via Bike Commuters
There will be dancing in the streets of Oslo at the breaking news that Norway has topped an important United Nations survey .
The dancing will be decorous and well - behaved because , according to the UN's Development Programme , Norwegians now live in the most developed , socially evolved country in the world .
Other nations to have received a pat on the back are Australia , Canada , Ireland , Holland and Sweden .
Iceland is ranked third – rather confusingly since it is meant to be bankrupt .
The study , based on life expectancy , literacy and gross domestic product per capita , uses information which pre-dates the credit crunch .
Predictably , for Britain never emerges well from international surveys , there is less good news for this country .
We have dropped for the first time out of the Development Top 20 .
In 1990 , we were tenth .
Two years ago , we had slipped to 16th .
Now we are down to 21 .
Heading fast in the opposite direction are China , Peru , Columbia and Iran .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The most revealing aspect of the UN report has not been the figures but the way they have been reported .
Britain , we have been told , is no longer among the most desirable countries in which to live .
Once we ranked high in the contentment charts ; now we are only five places above South Korea .
Suddenly , it seems , everyone is so obsessed with happiness that new quasi- scientific methods are needed to measure it .
Politicians , most recently President Sarkozy , have suggested that some kind of national happiness index would be useful .
Children are being taught in schools how to be happy .
Something called Happiness Studies has crept on to university curricula .
So why , since Norway is now officially the country most likely to provide contentment , is there unlikely to be a queue outside the Norwegian embassy for migration forms ?
Perhaps because most thinking grown - ups have realised that the key to living a fulfilled life is complex , and is rarely if ever reflected in surveys of wealth , health and longevity .
Happiness , at least in a developed country , is more than a matter of living comfortably .
For most people , the stresses and pressures of living in a country caught up in all sorts of competing and conflicting influences – cultural , religious , economic , social – are not necessarily negative .
The awkward Panglossian truth is that these things make us feel more alive , even as we complain about them .
It is perhaps a peculiarly British trait , this need for a dash of unhappiness in our daily lives .
Noel Coward caught the mood brilliantly in 1952 in a song called " There Are Bad Times Just Around the Corner " , a stirring celebration of our national love of misery which includes the lines , " With a scowl and a frown /
We 'll keep our peckers down / And prepare for depression and gloom and dread " .
Yet the paradox is not as perverse as it may seem .
Many of those British expats who have emigrated to a sunny country in search of an easier life end up bored , sitting by a swimming pool reading the grim news from home in their weekly British newspaper and secretly missing it .
Much of what makes Britain enraging , and which drags us downwards in the international contentment surveys , is precisely what makes the country interesting and culturally vibrant .
Ordered , civilised countries around the world , with their well - behaved populations and their governments which manage to avoid blundering from one crisis to another , may be top of the class for the UN box - tickers , but there is a different kind of fulfilment among the scruffy under - achievers at the back of the class .
terblacker@aol.com
Shay Laren Spreading Long Legs at Twistys.com
Shay Laren is continuing to amaze us with her beauty and talent …
Perfect long legs , boobies to die for , so smooth shaved pussy …
Shay Laren ’s photos are from Twistys.com
Download Whole PhotoSet and accompanying video of Shay Laren …
Enjoy the rest of the extremely hot images !
Visit Twistys.com for more long legged busty beauties …
They have collected the hottest , earth - shattering girls , filmed them and prepared them for a download …
ENTER HERE for the most beautiful chicks ..
_
The operation in the southern city of Kandahar , which was announced Tuesday , is by far the largest of its type .
Ammonium nitrate is illegal in Afghanistan ; farmers here are allowed to use other types of fertilizer , like those that are urea - based , on their crops .
Most of the ammonium nitrate fertilizer in Afghanistan is believed to be imported from Pakistan .
Ammonium nitrate has long been used as both a fertilizer and an explosive .
Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols used a 600 - pound ammonium nitrate bomb , mixed with fuel oil , to attack the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995 .
The attack killed 168 people .
The seizure in Kandahar came on the heels of a number of initiatives aimed at taking the fertilizer out of the hands of Taliban insurgents .
Until this month , Afghan and NATO officials could seize ammonium nitrate only if it was clearly associated with insurgent activity .
Now , they can seize it regardless .
If the police or soldiers seize ammonium fertilizer from farmers , they are legally obliged to compensate them for it .
On Sunday , Afghan police officers and American soldiers , acting on intelligence , went first to a compound in the southern part of the city and found 1,000 100 - pound bags of ammonium nitrate and 2,000 bomb - making components .
They detained 15 people there .
They were then led to a second compound a short distance away , where they found 4,000 100 - pound bags of the fertilizer .
On Tuesday , Afghans and Americans were still carting away the ammonium nitrate ; so far , officials said , they had filled 10 40 - foot - long shipping containers with the bags .
Telus Mobility on Thursday became the third Canadian cellphone company to offer Apple 's iPhone and has added an Android phone to its lineup .
Telus unveiled a new line of phones that will work on its new HSPA network , including the iPhone and the HTC Hero , a smartphone that runs Google 's Android operating system .
In addition to Telus 's own retail locations , Black 's Photo stores will sell the company 's camera phones across Canada starting Thursday .
Telus bought the company in September .
Bell and Telus jointly built the new HSPA network , which they say is capable of data transfer speeds up to 21 megabits per second , at a cost of $ 1 billion .
The price of the iPhone on Telus is the same as those offered by competitors Bell and Rogers .
The iPhone 3GS with 16 GB of memory was available for $ 199 on a mandatory three - year contract , while the 32 GB version was $ 299 .
Telus sells the HTC Hero for $ 99 on a three - year contract .
The Hero is a touch - screen smartphone that lacks the physical keyboard seen on other Android phones , such as Rogers 's HTC Dream and the new Motorola Droid , which is available only in the U.S .
The smartphone rate plans on Telus start at $ 50 .
Telus eliminated its system access and 911 fees last week .
The $ 50 plan includes 150 voice minutes , free evenings and weekends starting at 9 p.m. , and 500 MB of data usage .
Options on that plan include unlimited calling and text to five local numbers , double the voice minutes , or unlimited incoming text messages .
The guest blogger and PT intern Jen Kim complains about the difficulties of in New York .
No wonder she finds it difficult .
Since 1966 , it ’s been mathematically proven that dating in New York is difficult ....
In their 1966 paper entitled “ Recognizing the Maximum of a Sequence ” published in the Journal of the American Statistical Association , John P. Gilbert and Frederick Mosteller offer a solution to a problem known as the “ beauty contest problem . ”
This is how Gilbert and Mosteller describe the problem .
Suppose a boy is to have a date with his choice of one of n unseen and unknown girls , and suppose he wishes to choose the prettiest .
The girls are presented for him to see one at a time in a random order , and he must choose or reject a girl when she appears .
Once he chooses , he sees the rest , and he is disappointed if his date is not the prettiest .
How can he maximize his probability of choosing the prettiest of the lot ?
Of course , we know by now that , for any mammalian species , including humans , it ’s not the boy who does the choosing , but the girl ( like Jen ) .
But the mathematical problem remains exactly the same if you swap “ boy ” and “ girl ” in the above quote and call it the “ resource contest problem ” or “ The ( sequential ) Bachelorette . ”
In the paper , Gilbert and Mosteller prove ( yes , this is mathematics , not science , so there can be absolute proofs ) that the optimal strategy is to reject the first 37 % of all the candidates , and then select the first candidate who is better than any previous candidate .
Gilbert and Mosteller prove that , if you follow this strategy , you will choose the best of all possible candidates on average about 37 % of the time .
You may think that 37 % chance is not very good , but there are no other strategies that you can consistently follow that will produce a higher average probability of choosing the best of all candidates .
So this is the optimal strategy for maximizing the quality of your chosen mate .
Now the problem for Jen and millions of other single women in New York becomes clear .
If you live in Ames , IA , you can expect to meet , say , 10 men – 10 potential husbands – in your life .
In that case , your optimal strategy requires you to reject the first four men ( no matter who and how good they are ) and then marry the first man who is better than any of the ones that you have dated before .
If you live in New York ( or London ) , you can expect to meet , say , 1,000 men .
Now your mathematically proven optimal strategy requires you to reject the first 369 men ( as n approaches infinity , the precise number to reject becomes n/e ) and marry the first man who is better than any of the hundreds of men who came before .
Remember , in order to determine who the first man is who is better than all the ones who came before , you have to evaluate each of your dates very carefully .
It ’s not like you can just hang up on the phone calls or delete the email messages from the first 37 % of the suitors .
You actually have to go on dates and talk to them and evaluate how good they are ( even though you know that you will automatically reject the first 369 men ) .
So you have to go on at least 369 separate dates in New York before you can even begin to consider each candidate seriously for .
That ’s why dating in New York is much more difficult , exhausting , and time - consuming than dating in Ames .
Now switching gears from mathematics to , given that this strategy is mathematically proven to be optimal , the logic of natural selection suggests that , over a long period of human evolution , all women will eventually be selected to employ this strategy , without being consciously aware of the mathematics behind it .
Women who adopt the “ Reject the first 37 % and choose the next best ” strategy are expected to achieve greater reproductive success on average than women who adopt the “ Marry the first one I can find , ” or “ Reject the first 5 % and choose the next best ” or “ Reject the first 90 % and choose the next best ” or any other potential strategy .
Unconsciously , all women should have the evolved psychological mechanism to reject the first 37 % of the total estimated number of lifetime potential mates , and choose the next best candidate .
While it is often difficult to estimate the precise number of lifetime potential mates that a woman will encounter in her life , it is safe to assume that she will encounter many more in a large metropolis than in a small town .
This can therefore explain why women remain single longer and marry later in New York than in Ames , and , in general , why women in urban areas ( with a greater number of potential mates ) remain single and marry later than women in rural areas ( with a smaller number of potential mates ) .
Take the Pledge :
Do n't Ask , Don't Give
" It is not enough to look back in wonder at how far we have come ; those who came before us did not strike a blow against injustice only so that we would allow injustice to fester in our time .
That means removing the barriers of prejudice and misunderstanding that still exist in America . "
- Democratic Party Platform , 2008
President Obama promised to be a " fierce advocate " for LGBT Americans .
But while making modest progress on a scant few issues , on the major campaign promises made to our community , the President and the Democratic party have failed to keep their commitments .
There has been little , if any , pressure from the White House for votes on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) .
The administration continues to send mixed signals on the repeal of Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell ( DADT ) .
And we 've been told not to expect the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) to even be considered until President Obama 's second term .
In the last two weeks alone , we were angered that the Obama administration continued to defend DOMA in the courts -- last June , the administration 's lawyers even compared loving gay relationships to incest and pedophilia -- and we were saddened that the White House and the Democratic party refused to help us defeat anti-gay ballot initiatives in Maine and Washington state .
LGBT Americans , our families , and our friends kept our promise at the ballot box , we now expect President Obama to keep his in the White House .
Until the Democratic Congress passes , and President Obama signs , legislation enacting ENDA , repealing DADT , and repealing DOMA , we ask you to join us in pledging to postpone contributions to the Democratic National Committee , Organizing for America , and the Obama campaign .
This temporary ( we hope ) boycott is sponsored by AMERICAblog , and cosponsored by Daily Kos , Michelangelo Signorile , and Paul Sousa , among others .
This is n't forever , the Democrats have it in their power to end this today -- all it takes is choosing to keep their promise .
Please join us in taking the pledge , below .
And find out more about why we believe this action to be important and necessary in the post below the pledge .
Thank you so much for your support .
I pledge not to donate to the Democratic National Committee , Organizing for America , or the Obama campaign until Congress passes , and the president signs , legislation enacting the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) , repealing Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell ( DADT ) , and repealing the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) .
Optional Member Code
First Name * Last Name * Email * Zip / Postal Code *
Why the Pledge ?
Hope , but verify .
A year ago , the LGBT community , our families , friends and allies across the country were elated by the election of Barack Obama as President of the United States .
We poured our hearts and wallets out to elect a Democratic president and Congress , and on November 4th , 2008 we had great hopes for the future of our country and our community .
Over the past year our joy has turned to frustration as President Obama and the Democratic Party have moved away from their campaign commitments to gay and lesbian Americans .
While President Obama repeatedly promised to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) , repeal Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell ( DADT ) , and repeal the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) , he has now backtracked on all three commitments .
There has been little , if any , pressure from the White House for votes on ENDA .
The administration continues to send mixed signals on the repeal of DADT .
And we 've been told not to expect DOMA to even be addressed until President Obama 's second term .
All the while , the administration continues to defend DOMA in the courts , harming our families ' access to benefits from health insurance reform , to federal employee benefits and immigration reform .
Democratic leaders see the LGBT community as a guaranteed source of cash , regardless of their broken promises .
They think we , and those who support us , have nowhere else to go , that there 's nothing we can do .
It 's time to draw our own line in the sand , and use the one thing that matters to the Democratic party : our money .
Until the President and the party fulfill their promises to gay Americans , fair - minded Democrats should postpone their contributions to the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) , Organizing for America ( OFA ) , and the Obama campaign .
That 's the pledge we make today : Do n't Ask , Do n't Give .
Do n't ask us for any more money -- the GayTM has run dry until your promises have been kept .
Our basic civil rights and our humanity are on the line .
We should n't have to wait at the back of the bus , we should n't have to feel like a political pariah in our own party .
The three commitments that must be met are : Passage of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) ;
Repeal of Don't Ask , Do n't Tell ( DADT ) ; and
Repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) .
Unless the LGBT community , our families , friends , and allies show that we 're serious about LGBT rights , that we will no longer accept broken promises , that we will no longer tolerate the Obama administration defending anti-gay laws in court -- laws the President once called " abhorrent " -- LGBT equality will be treated like just another political issue .
It 's not .
It 's about our lives .
And we 've had enough .
Sign the pledge .
Make LGBT rights a priority .
Have hope that the Democrats will keep their promise as espoused in the 2008 platform :
It is not enough to look back in wonder at how far we have come ; those who came before us did not strike a blow against injustice only so that we would allow injustice to fester in our time .
That means removing the barriers of prejudice and misunderstanding that still exist in America .
We support the full inclusion of all families , including same - sex couples , in the life of our nation , and support equal responsibility , benefits , and protections .
We will enact a comprehensive bipartisan employment non-discrimination act .
We oppose the Defense of Marriage Act and all attempts to use this issue to divide us .
Hope , but verify .
We have great hope for our President , our party , and our future .
But , we have to verify that the President and the Democratic Party are keeping their promises before continuing our open - ended support .
It 's that simple .
This is our time .
We cannot let injustice continue to fester while those with the power to help millions sit idly by .
Thank you so much for supporting this effort .
We will be contacting you in the coming days to follow up and let you know other actions you can take to help .
JOHN ARAVOSIS and JOE SUDBAY
AMERICAblog.com Frequently Asked Questions about this campaign .
Privacy policy
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
A picturesque line of thunderstorms and numerous circular cloud patterns filled the view as the International Space Station ( ISS ) Expedition 20 crew members looked out at the limb ( blue line on the horizon ) of the Earth .
The region shown in the astronaut photograph ( top image ) includes an unstable , active atmosphere forming a large area of cumulonimbus clouds in various stages of development .
The crew was looking west - southwest from the Amazon Basin , along the Rio Madeira toward Bolivia when the image was taken .
The semi-circular cloud patterns near the center of the astronaut photograph may be detected in a Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite ( GOES ) infrared satellite image of the region ( bottom image , yellow rectangle ) acquired about 20 minutes earlier than the astronaut photograph .
The distinctive circular patterns of the clouds in the astronaut photograph are likely caused by the aging of thunderstorms .
Such ring structures often form during the final stages of storms ’ development as their centers collapse .
Sunglint — the mirror - like reflection of sunlight off a water surface directly back to the camera onboard the ISS — is visible on the waters of the Rio Madeira and Lago Acara in the Amazon Basin .
Widespread haze over the basin gives the reflected light an orange hue .
The Rio Madeira flows northward and joins the Amazon River on its path to the Atlantic Ocean .
A large smoke plume near the bottom center of the image may be one source of the haze .
Astronaut photograph ISS020 - E-47807 was acquired on October 6 , 2009 , with a Nikon D2Xs digital camera using an effective 48 mm lens ( 28 - 70 mm zoom lens ) , and is provided by the ISS Crew Earth Observations experiment and Image Science & Analysis Laboratory , Johnson Space Center .
The astronaut photograph was taken by the Expedition 20 crew .
GOES image courtesy NASA GOES Project Science and NOAA Comprehensive Large Array - Data Stewardship System .
The photograph in this article has been cropped and enhanced to improve contrast .
Lens artifacts have been removed .
The International Space Station Program supports the laboratory to help astronauts take pictures of Earth that will be of the greatest value to scientists and the public and to make those images freely available on the Internet .
Additional images taken by astronauts and cosmonauts can be viewed at the NASA / JSC Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth .
Caption by Susan K. Runco , NASA - JSC .
' No one saw this coming ' – or did they ?
Dirk Bezemer
Did economists not see this crisis coming ?
This column says that analysts who used models featuring a distinct financial sector issued fairly detailed , well reasoned , and public warnings of imminent finance turmoil .
It argues that mainstream models missed the crisis because they use a “ reflective finance ” view in which financial variables are wholly determined by the real sector .
“ Flow of funds ” models may be the way forward for anticipating finance - induced recessions .
From the very beginning of the credit crisis and the ensuing recession , it has become conventional wisdom that " no one saw this coming " .
Anatole Kaletsky ( 2008 ) wrote in the The Times of “ those who failed to foresee the gravity of this crisis - a group that includes Mr King , Mr Brown , Alistair Darling , Alan Greenspan and almost every leading economist and financier in the world . ”
Glenn Stevens ( 2008 ) , Governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia , said :
“ I do not know anyone who predicted this course of events .
This should give us cause to reflect on how hard a job it is to make genuinely useful forecasts .
What we have seen is truly a ‘ tail ’ outcome – the kind of outcome that the routine forecasting process never predicts .
But it has occurred , it has implications , and so we must reflect on it ” .
We must indeed .
What now for economic modelling ?
One result from such reflection would be that in fact , many had predicted this course of events for years .
In a recent study ( Bezemer 2009 ) , I document the economists who did “ see it coming ” .
At least a dozen serious analysts issued fairly detailed , well reasoned , and public warnings of imminent finance - induced recession .
They were apparently ignored by Stevens and other central bankers who then , as Alan Greenspan professed in his October 2008 testimony , watched with “ shocked disbelief ” as their “ whole intellectual edifice collapse in the summer [ of 2007 ] ” .
The official models they relied on missed the crisis not because the conditions were so unusual , as we are often told .
They missed it by design .
It is impossible to warn against a debt deflation recession in a model world where debt does not exist .
This is the world in which our policymakers have been living , and they urgently need to change habitat .
The question that the economics profession now needs to address is – whereto ?
If our routine forecasting models – CGE models , mostly – failed to foresee this , where do we look for alternatives ?
The types of models that got it right
In Bezemer ( 2009 ) , I document the models that got it right .
The important question for economists is – how did they do it ?
What is the underlying model ?
While there is obviously a diversity of approaches , one important strand of thinking is an accounting of financial stocks ( debt and wealth ) and flows ( of credit , interest , profit and wages ) , as well as explicit analysis of both the real economy and the financial sector ( including property ) .
The most detailed of these models , which has also been used to construct public projections and analyses , are “ Flow of Funds ” models of the US developed by Wynne Godley and associates at the Levy Economics Institute .
These may serve as pars pro toto for the class of “ Flow of Funds ” models of real - financial interactions ( e.g. also Werner , 1997 ; Graziani , 2003 ; Hudson , 2006 ; Keen , 2009 ) .
A simplified ( closed - economy ) representation in Godley ( 1999 ) consists of stocks and flows of a number of asset classes between four sectors ( explicitly separating out the financial sector ) , with their properties and interrelations represented in over 60 equations ( Table 1 ; see Godley 1999 for all symbols ) .
Table 1 .
The flow of funds in matrix representation
Source : Godley ( 1999:395 )
Flow of funds models
In “ Flow of Funds ” models , liquidity generated in the financial sector flows to firms , households and the government as they borrow .
This may facilitate fixed - capital investment and production , but it may also feed asset price inflation , consumption , and debt growth .
Liquidity returns to the financial sector as financial investments or in payment of debt service and financial fees .
Key features of “ Flow of Funds ” models are thus bank credit flows , since “ evolving finance in the form of bank loans is required if production is to be financed … ” ( Godley , 1999:405 ) .
Also , there are explicit payment flows such as interest , “ not quite the same as in the national accounts , where it is standard practice … to ignore interest payments , although they are an inevitable cost given that production takes time ” ( Godley , 1999:405 ) .
The model is solved by imposing macro accounting identities and adaptive expectations rather than individual optimisation .
There is a steady state but not equilibrium .
One advantage is that growth paths can be identified as unsustainable given the existing “ bedrock ” accounting relations .
This allowed Godley and Wray in 2000 to conclude that “ Goldilocks was doomed ” – with a government surplus and current account deficit , US economic growth had to be predicated on ongoing and unsustainably high rates of private debt growth .
What ’s missing from the mainstream models ?
This inference is impossible to make from national or OECD forecasters ’ models , where balance sheet variables or interest flows are conspicuous by their absence .
These CGE models do not include a separate financial sector , ruling out finance - induced recession by design .
Money supply and interest rate variables are included in those models , but they are fully determined by real - sector variables such as the output gap .
Also , the process of money stock growth or asset market inflation – by bank lending which increases debt levels and elicits return flows of interest – are not modelled .
This fits in with a “ reflective finance ” view ; the financial sector , rather than developing its own dynamic , is assumed to adapt to the “ real fundamentals ” , so that explicitly modelling it is superfluous .
The contrast with actually existing finance - induced recessions should lead forecasters to reconsider their models .
Interestingly , there have been moves in recent years towards including balance sheets and the flow of funds in official models .
Rae and Turner ( 2001 ) write that introducing “ alternative assumptions allows a little more economic richness to be temporarily added to the [ OECD Small Global Forecasting ] model when it is used for policy analyses , especially for those situations in which financial markets and expectations play important roles in the transmission of shocks within and between regions ” .
In addition to its ad hoc adjustment to the reality of balance sheet effects , the OECD appears to be working on a new “ Interlink ” model , triggered by “ changing conditions ” and including “ domestic and global stock - flow consistency with respect to wealth linkages and wealth effects ” ( Richardson 2006 ) , very similar in name at least to Godley ’s “ stock - flow consistent model ” ( Godley and Lavoie 2006 ) .
So far , however , monetary ( and other ) policymakers have resisted inclusion of balance sheets and the flow of funds in their models and policy responses .
Greenspan famously preferred to “ mitigate the fallout when it occurs and , hopefully , ease the transition to the next expansion ” .
But the underestimation of the severity of the fallout ( global recession ) throws the desirability of the transition to the next expansion into doubt if it is to be driven by debt accumulation .
Also , the argument that bubbles cannot be timely identified nor their effects reliably anticipated is rebutted by the analysts reviewed in my paper who did both .
Conclusions
While the jury is still out on the question whether CGE models and “ Flow of Funds ” models can be married , exploring these avenues is now urgent .
Benjamin Friedman recently noted that , “ what is sorely missing in the discussion is attention to what function the financial system is supposed to perform in the economy and how well it has been doing it ” .
“ Flow of Funds ” models provide just that .
If the crisis and recession teach us one thing , it is that the financial sector is just as real as the “ real economy ” .
We economists – and the policymakers who rely on us – ignore balance sheets and the flow of funds at our peril .
Editor ’s note :
The author ’s short Comment on this topic was published by the Financial Times on 8 September 2009 .
References
Bezemer , Dirk J ( 2009 ) , “ No One Saw This Coming ” : Understanding Financial Crisis Through Accounting Models .
Unpublished .
CPB ( 2009 ) , “ Central Economic Plan 2009 ” ( in Dutch ) .
The Hague : Centraal Planbureau .
Friedman , B ( 2009 ) , “ The Failure Of The Economy And The Economists ” .
New York Review of Books , LVI ( 9 ) : 42–45 , 28 May .
Godley , W ( 1999 ) , “ Money and Credit in a Keynesian Model of Income Determination ” , Cambridge Journal of Economics 23 ( 4 ) : pp. 393-411 .
Godley , W and M Lavoie ( 2006 ) , Monetary Economics : An Integrated Approach to Credit , Money , Income , Production and Wealth .
Houndmills , Basingstoke , Hampshire UK Palgrave - Macmillan .
Godley , W and R Wray ( 2000 ) , “ Is Goldilocks Doomed ? ” , Journal of Economic Issues 34 : 201-206 .
Graziani , A ( 2003 ) , The Monetary Theory Of Production .
Federico Caffe Lectures .
Cambridge ; New York and Melbourne : Cambridge University Press .
Greenspan , A ( 2008 ) , “ Testimony for the Committee of Government Oversight and Reform ” , 23 October .
Hudson , M. ( 2006 ) , “ Saving , Asset - Price Inflation , and Debt - Induced Deflation ” , in L. Randall Wray and Matthew Forstater , eds. , Money , Financial Instability and Stabilization Policy Edward Elgar , 2006:104 -24 .
Kaletsky , A ( 2008 ) , “ It ’s An Emergency .
Long - Term Cures Must Wait ” , The Times , 13 November .
Keen , S ( 2009 ) , “ The Dynamics Of The Monetary Circuit ” , in Jean - François Ponsot and Sergio Rossi ( eds. ) , The Political Economy of Monetary Circuits : Tradition and Change .
Houndmills , Basingstoke , Hampshire UK : Palgrave , London
Rae , D and D Turner ( 2001 ) , “ A Small Global Forecasting Model ” , Working Paper 286 , OECD Economics Department .
Reuters ( 2007 ) “ US Recession Risk Still Below 50 Pct ” .
5 September .
Richardson , P ( 2006 ) “ The Structure And Simulation Properties Of OECD ’s Interlink Model ” .
Stevens , G. ( 2008 ) , Speech to the Australian Business Economists , December 9 .
Werner , R ( 1997 ) , “ Towards a New Monetary Paradigm : A Quantity Theorem of Disaggregated Credit , with Evidence from Japan ” .
Kredit und Kapital , 30,2 .
Berlin : Duncker & Humblot. , 276-309 .
Today we ’ll be looking at the Monopoly Justice League of America Collector ’s Edition from 1999 .
This was a great piece produced by USAOPOLY representing the Silver Age Justice League .
The premise of the game is identical to Monopoly , the difference being simply in what things are called .
Instead of the properties being named after places in Atlantic City , they are named after Justice League member ’s abilities .
For example , instead of “ Boardwalk ” and “ Park Place ” , you have “ Strength of Steel ” and “ Heat Vision ” .
Below is the box cover .
Below is a shot of the game board and the insert explaining the characters .
To see all the properties , click the image below to enlarge ( big image – 1.4 MB ) .
Below is the bank , some of the Title Deed cards ( called “ Power Cards ” in this edition ) , the “ Chance ” and “ Community Chest ” cards , a reprint of The Brave and the Bold # 28 ( the first appearance of the Justice League of America ) , and the instructions .
Below are the replacement Utilities cards .
Instead of the “ Electric Company ” , you have “ Green Lantern ’s Power Battery ” .
Instead of “ Water Works ” , you have “ Aquaman ’s City of Atlantis ” .
Below are the replacement Railroad cards .
In this set you ’ve got : Flash ’s “ The Cosmic Treadmill ” , Green Arrow ’s “ The Arrowplane ” , Batman ’s “ The Batmobile ” , and Wonder Woman ’s “ Invisible Jet Plane ” .
Below is a shot of the player tokens and the houses / hotels .
In this edition , green houses are replaced by blue “ Powers ” , and red hotels are replaced by red “ Super Powers ” .
Here is another shot of the pewter player tokens .
They include ( from L to R ) : Superman , Green Lantern , Batman , Aquaman , Wonder Woman , Martian Manhunter , Flash , and Green Arrow .
Here is a better shot of the “ Powers ” and “ Super Powers ” pieces .
You can see the star on the blue pieces , and you can see the Justice League of America logo on the red pieces .
Here is the JLA currency for the game .
Poor Martian Manhunter , everyone else got a bill except him .
Maybe he ’s on the three dollar bill .
The orange “ Daily Planet ” cards replace “ Chance ” in this edition .
Below are some of my favorite “ Daily Planet ” cards .
There are tons more , these are just the ones I chose to feature .
The yellow “ Batcomputer ” cards replace “ Community Chest ” in this edition .
Below are some of my favorite “ Batcomputer ” cards .
There are tons more , these are just the ones I chose to feature .
It ’s interesting that Hawkman and the Atom managed to sneak into the game on these cards .
What a cool version of Monopoly !
It definitely puts a fun spin on the game for us comic geeks .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Military divers have found the body of a U.S. paratrooper who went missing last week in a river in western Afghanistan .
The NATO - led International Security Assistance Force said the soldier was found close to where he disappeared November 4 .
Officials are continuing their search for a second paratrooper lost at the same time .
Both men -- from the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division -- disappeared in the Morghab River near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan .
The men were on a routine resupply mission , the NATO group said .
Family members identified the recovered body as that of Benjamin Sherman , 21 , of Plymouth , Massachusetts .
They said he jumped into the river when he saw a fellow soldier struggling in the water .
" I know that day he jumped into the river to try to save his comrade was because he did n't just see another soldier in the water ; he saw his brother , " said Sherman 's sister , Meredith , in a statement to CNN affiliate WCVB in Boston , Massachusetts .
" He did n't jump in because he was trained to but because that 's what his heart told him to do . "
Sherman 's mother , Denise , said the family called him " the unstoppable one . "
" I raised him with the understanding that when you choose to do something , you do it to the best of your ability , " she said in a statement to WCVB .
" He was powerful , ingenuous and determined . "
CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .
[ UPDATED below with insights from Mike Hulme at the University of East Anglia , which was the source of the disclosed files . ]
I ’ve been in touch all week with Judith Curry , a seasoned climate scientist at Georgia Tech with a particular focus on hurricanes and warming .
She has no skepticism about a growing human influence on climate .
But she has split with many of her peers and frequently engages a certain batch of climate skeptics ( most notably Stephen McIntyre ) .
She says she ’s deeply troubled by the tribal nature of some subsets of the climate science community and what she sees as ill - advised stonewalling on releasing data and interpretations of data for review and independent analysis .
Others , notably the Realclimate.org team , do not share her views .
Dr. Curry has written a fresh essay that ’s essentially a message to young scientists potentially disheartened in various ways by recent events .
You can read the piece below and it ’s been posted on Climateprogress.org , as well .
( I ’ve added links to provide background where acronyms are used , etc. )
Given the ongoing focus here on “ Generation E , ” which clearly includes young scientists focused on climate and energy , it ’s a great fit .
Whether or not you agree with her , I think you ’ll agree that this piece serves as a valuable conversation starter on the practices and goals of science in an age of deepening global and social complexity and also deepening political polarization .
An open letter to graduate students and young scientists in fields related to climate research :
Based upon feedback that I ’ve received from graduate students at Georgia Tech , I suspect that you are confused , troubled , or worried by what you have been reading about ClimateGate After spending considerable time reading the hacked emails and other posts in the blogosphere , I wrote an essay that calls for greater transparency in climate data and other methods used in climate research .
The essay is posted over at climateaudit.org .
What has been noticeably absent so far in the ClimateGate discussion is a public reaffirmation by climate researchers of our basic research values : the rigors of the scientific method ( including reproducibility ) , research integrity and ethics , open minds , and critical thinking .
Under no circumstances should we ever sacrifice any of these values ; the CRU emails , however , appear to violate them .
My motivation for communicating on this issue in the blogosphere comes from emails that I received from Georgia Tech graduate students and alums .
As a result of my post on climateaudit , I started receiving emails from graduate students from other universities .
I post the content of one of the emails here , without reference to the student ’s name or institution :
Hi Dr. Curry ,
I am a young climate researcher ( just received my master ’s degree from xxx University ) and have been very troubled by the emails that were released from CRU .
I just want to applaud and support your response on climatesudit.org ( 95 % of it :) ) .
Your statement represents exactly how I have felt as I slowly enter this community .
The content of some of the emails literally made me stop and wonder if I should continue with my PhD applications for fall 2010 , in this science .
I was so troubled by how our fellow scientists within the climate community have been dealing with opposing voices ( on both sides ) .
I hope we can all learn from this and truly feel that we are going to need voices like yours to fix these problems in the coming months and years .
At the heart of this issue is how climate researchers deal with skeptics .
I have served my time in the “ trenches of the climate war ” in the context of the debate on hurricanes and global warming .
There is no question that there is a political noise machine in existence that feeds on research and statements from climate change skeptics .
In grappling with this issue , I would argue that there are three strategies for dealing with skeptics :
1. Retreat into the ivory tower
2. Circle the wagons / point guns outward : ad hominem / appeal to motive attacks ; appeal to authority ; isolate the enemy through lack of access to data ; peer review process
3 . Take the “ high ground : ” engage the skeptics on our own terms ( conferences , blogosphere ) ; make data / methods available / transparent ; clarify the uncertainties ; openly declare our values
Most scientists retreat into the ivory tower .
The CRU emails reflect elements of the circling of wagons strategy .
For the past 3 years , I have been trying to figure out how to engage skeptics effectively in the context of # 3 , which I think is a method that can be effective in countering the arguments of skeptics , while at the same time being consistent with our core research values .
Some of the things that I ’ve tried in my quest to understand skeptics and more effectively counter misinformation include posting at skeptical blogs , such as climateaudit , and inviting prominent skeptics to give seminars at Georgia Tech .
I have received significant heat from some colleagues for doing this ( I ’ve been told that I am legitimizing the skeptics and misleading my students ) , but I think we need to try things like this if we are to develop effective strategies for dealing with skeptics and if we are to teach students to think critically .
If climate science is to uphold core research values and be credible to public , we need to respond to any critique of data or methodology that emerges from analysis by other scientists .
Ignoring skeptics coming from outside the field is inappropriate ; Einstein did not start his research career at Princeton , but rather at a post office .
I ’m not implying that climate researchers need to keep defending against the same arguments over and over again .
Scientists claim that they would never get any research done if they had to continuously respond to skeptics .
The counter to that argument is to make all of your data , metadata , and code openly available .
Doing this will minimize the time spent responding to skeptics ; try it !
If anyone identifies an actual error in your data or methodology , acknowledge it and fix the problem .
Doing this would keep molehills from growing into mountains that involve congressional hearings , lawyers , etc .
So with this reaffirmation of core climate research values , I encourage you to discuss the ideas and issues raised here with your fellow students and professors .
Your professors may disagree with me ; there are likely to be many perspectives on this .
I hope that others will share their wisdom and provide ideas and guidance for dealing with these issues .
Spend some time perusing the blogosphere ( both skeptical and pro AGW blogs ) to get a sense of the political issues surrounding our field .
A better understanding of the enormous policy implications of our field should imbue in all of us a greater responsibility for upholding the highest standards of research ethics .
Hone your communications skills ; we all need to communicate more effectively .
Publish your data as supplementary material or post on a public website .
And keep your mind open and sharpen your critical thinking skills .
My very best wishes to you in your studies , research , and professional development .
I look forward to engaging with you in a dialogue on this topic .
Judith Curry
Chair , School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
Georgia Institute of Technology
References
My past public statements on climate change can be found at my website //curry.eas.gatech.edu/climate/policy.htm .
My paper on “ Mixing politics and science in testing the hypothesis that greenhouse warming is a causing an increase in global hurricane intensity ” can be found at
//curry.eas.gatech.edu/currydoc/Curry_BAMS87.pdf .
My presentation on the integrity of climate research can be found at
//www.pacinst.org/topics/integrity_of_science/AGU_IntegrityofScience_Curry.pdf.
Dollar Will be Utterly Destroyed 6:20 PM ET
Thu , 5 Nov 2009
" They have stuff .
They 've got resources .
They export real things .
The United States exports ' promises ' and ' pretty paper ' , " he added .
Australia 's S&P / ASX 200 has risen 23 % this year alone compared to a 14 % gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
Due to the huge wage disparities between the United States and emerging markets like China , Vickers said that may resolve itself in some type of a global currency crisis .
" If the global currency crisis unfolds , then inevitably you get an alignment of a global world government .
A new global currency and a new world order , so we may be moving towards that , " he said .
Vickers added that this is the time where investors should be making money when the trend is developing .
" Oil looks higher , gold looks higher , currencies look weaker . "
The autumn bloom on the High Line , Manhattan 's new and most radically engineered park , rages gold and green in the sun .
The park , half of which opened to the public in June this year , lies , absurdly , 30ft above the street on an iron - bound , 22 - block stretch of elevated 1930s freight railbed that slices through the Lower West Side .
Originally built because the short - haul freight trains were killing too many insufficiently agile New Yorkers – Lower Tenth Avenue was called Death Avenue in 1930 – the rail runs generally north / south from the huge 30th Street freight terminus to the cluster of 19th - century warehouses in the Meatpacking District , around Gansevoort Street .
The last train made the short commercial hop down the rails in 1980 , delivering to one of the meatyard warehouses that have sidings running into their second floors .
It must have been close to Thanksgiving Day : the payload was three boxcars of frozen turkeys .
Twenty - nine years on , the railbed has been reincarnated as New York City 's flaneur mile , drawing up to 25,000 visitors a day to its spectacular steel - framed planting beds .
Its current northern entry at 20th Street and Tenth Avenue opens on to a three - block - long section called the Chelsea Grasslands , after the New York neighbourhood that was itself named after the garden - rich London borough .
Dutch master horticulturalist Piet Oudolf , called in to design the High Line 's plantings four years ago , has painted the Grasslands in his trademark wild - prairie palette – swathes of meadow sage , loosestrife , three sorts of burnet , stonecrop , prairie dropseed , switchgrass , ironweed , wild quinine , prairie dock , purple love grass and 16 other species .
Glorious at this time of year are the black - eyed susans , the deep - purple " Gipsy Queen " clematis , the " Sundown " echinacea and the spiky , almost extraterrestrial eryngium , or rattlesnake master , whose bloom heads have turned black .
" Piet 's particularly good at the sequencing , or what we might call the rhythm of the plantings , " says Patrick Cullina , the vice president for horticulture at the Friends of the High Line , the public / private consortium that built and manages the park with the City of New York 's Parks Department .
" He 's also captured micro-seasons , as with the asters , which are blooming now , or with other patterns of blooms and hibernation that he 's orchestrated to occur within days of each other .
The switchgrass turns gold , the autumn moor grass will turn silver and its top foliage gold , and your eye can catch that silver and the other patterns as they repeat . "
This is Oudolf 's signature , a meticulous but layered - as - God - would - strew - it planting algorithm that he 's brought to the High Line .
His beds are both radical and conservative : radical in that one does not expect them where they are , but conservative in that they look natural where they are , because they 've been tailored to the hostile urban conditions under which they thrive .
Forty per cent of the species Oudolf put on the High Line were already there , dropped by birds and blown by the winds on to the railbed during its derelict years .
Sustainable may be an overused adjective , but Oudolf embraces the notion , in that what was put there by nature was , by definition , sustained .
" Perhaps we can call what I work in layers of patterns , " says Oudolf , at his home in Hummelo , the Netherlands , in the week before departing for a horticultural conference in Berlin .
" It 's about finding species and understanding the conditions where they might be native – for instance , a few years ago I took a long drive around the American prairies .
And some of these conditions might also be similar to the conditions atop a railroad such as the High Line .
Of course with the High Line , as with all of nature , there 's also a narrative : you move from grasslands , to trees and shrubs , back to grass , and then to woodlands at the southern end . "
Because the massive black trestleworks and riveted balustrades are vintage 1930s , at street level the High Line exudes an air of heavy post - Industrial Age permanence .
It looks like an airborne railhead in Leeds .
But on the trestle the park unfolds itself to the visitor delicately , cinematically , as if the High Line is enveloping you in its own film about the future of New York City .
One exits the forever - mad stream of midtown - bound truck and taxi traffic on Tenth Avenue , mounts three flights of steel stairs to the former railbed , then , framed by warehouses and by the Hudson River to the west , Oudolf 's long grassy meadow unfolds south of 20th Street , washed by the light and the wind off the water .
The Hudson is a mile wide in this stretch , so the experience approximates that of walking along the crest of a great dune above the ocean .
" There are just 14in to 20in of soil possible in most of the beds in the Grasslands , and most of these species grow in what gardeners would call junk , " explains Cullina , the man charged with the overall maintenance of the park .
" In other words , not high - fertility soil .
On the High Line , they 're in loam .
When we were opening this section last spring , we 'd push the plants with a little water to get them bedded in .
We hand - water some , but in the Grasslands the species are mostly very tough and they 're going to get what they get .
The whole experiment is a testament to the power of drainage .
Up here , the wind plays an enormous drying role .
That 's part of the point of Piet 's choices .
They have to be able to take it .
It 's a very ' prairie ' feeling . "
Bold as the High Line is , it 's important to remember that New York – now happily receiving the many millions in taxes brought on by the real estate boom under , around and over the park – is the city that , for 23 years , let the High Line lay derelict .
It was a rust - caked dragon 's tail of black - iron urban blight , blotting out the sky and raking through the centre of blocks west of lower Tenth Avenue .
The homeless lived under it ; untenable buildings around it were razed and made into parking lots ; weeds and trees later to be lovingly catalogued and replanted by Oudolf sprouted in the stone ballast under its railroad ties .
The point is that the High Line had no easy birth in any of its phases – in inception , design , or execution .
First , the city fathers had to be persuaded by enough private economic momentum in the derelict neighbourhoods through which the High Line ran – in other words , enough risk - loving artists , gallerists , restaurateurs and boutique owners had to create a frisson of hipness and commerce – to even entertain the notion that building a park on the railbed might matter .
In fruition , the process is best seen in the former warehouse and light industrial districts of Soho and Tribeca , now home to some of New York 's priciest loft residences , shops and restaurants .
Exactly this happened in the late 1990s in West Chelsea and the Meatpacking District .
Then , in 1999 , Chelsea residents Robert Hammond and Joshua David founded the Friends of the High Line , the advocacy organisation for the park 's reclamation , and now its governing body .
Significantly , the Whitney Museum of American
Art is building its downtown venue directly under the High Line at 17th Street .
A further 10 blocks of High Line , from 20th up to its great westward bend over the railyards at 30th Street , have just undergone their engineering renovation and will open in late 2010 .
The city enabled this new construction with uncharacteristic alacrity , since the park had already proven its economic muscle with the real - estate frenzy engendered by the southern section .
Surprisingly , given the park 's success , the High Line 's last quarter of a mile is under threat of being removed in favour of other development .
" We can call something like the High Line ' greening ' , " says James Corner , with just a whiff of disdain for the cliché .
Corner was the leader of the 80 - man High Line design team and the principal of the landscape architecture firm Field Operations .
" But I think what we 're seeing is a need in communities to take these industrial spaces – be they old ports or harbours , or transport infrastructure such as the High Line – and repurpose them , imagining new uses for how these places can be re-occupied . "
Corner is British , a Mancunian whose New York - based firm has designed some 40 projects worldwide , including a 278 - acre island off the Korean coast and a 4,500 - acre , million - tree reforested park in Tennessee .
Compared with those , the High Line has been a rather delicate job .
" There 's a lot of engineering in the High Line that one does n't see , " he says .
" The paving system – the aggregate planks – had to be able to expand and retract so that they can keep their shape after a hard winter or a really hot summer .
We had to have open joists so that we could drain and collect rainwater .
Then there was Piet .
I think it 's safe to say that Piet very much does not do boxwood hedges and manicured lawns .
He has literally thousands of species in his head , and he knows how to put them together for good compositional effect .
He sort of dismembered the original meadow that was on the High Line and then put it back . "
A hint about the kind of effort it takes to refashion the High Line as a garden can be had on a short walk up the unopened section , from 20th to 30th Streets .
Here , the rails have been taken up and the screed - layer has been poured , to serve as the foundation for the plant beds .
On this day , a team of workmen is yanking the last few rusted train rails from the 30th Street spur , chalking them with number and location .
The last " original " – meaning derelict – plantings of ironweed and Johnson grass can be seen wafting in the wind on the third east - west section they have yet to rip up .
" The structure was robust , built as it was to carry two freight trains , " says Nahyun Hwang , a High Line team lead project designer and member of Corner 's Field Operations .
" But obviously we pulled up , catalogued and saved the rails .
We tried to save the timber and the stone ballast , but that had been so contaminated with asbestos and fuel that we were going to have to send it off to be specially washed .
We decided : OK , we can live with new stone and new timber . "
There are European projects with the impact of the High Line .
The direct antecedent is Paris 's Coulee Verte , a 19th century elevated railbed converted into a park in 1992 .
Of more recent note are the Quai Branly Museum 's green wall , also in Paris , and the Eco Boulevard in Madrid .
The re-imagining of European cities is accelerating , but because they are mostly laid out on plans fixed hundreds of years before New York 's , the greening is more piecemeal .
" London has installed 230,000 square metres of green roofs in the last four years – that 's more than New York or Chicago , " says Dusty Gedge , president of the European Federation 's Green Roof Association .
" But most of it 's private , so nobody sees it .
We 're starting , but I 'm afraid we just have n't seen the political will . "
One UK public project that will outweigh the High Line in scale is the Olympic Park , currently under construction for London 's 2012 Games .
It 's a truism that the " get " of the Games often spurs city planners to architectural and horticultural heights , some of it bombastic and dictatorial – Beijing 2008 springs to mind .
The brains trust for London 's Olympic Park – James Hitchmough , Sheffield University professor of the department of landscape , and his colleagues – are anything but bombastic .
Hitchmough is a leading proponent of the " meadow - ist " school of planting , preferring in his designs an even more naturally chaotic chaos than Oudolf .
" Piet and I are on a spectrum , " Hitchmough explains .
" Natural as they look , Piet 's designs will still be carefully composed , whereas ours are more like nature on steroids .
For the Olympic Park we 'll use native English plants ; there will be wetlands and woodlands and meadow .
But we 've been studying how to get species from all over the world into the park .
At the moment we 're looking at some South African tall grassland species .
It is the Olympics , after all . "
Two of the High Line 's most striking architectural features are its rail spurs – bridges that lead from the main track into what were once warehouses .
The southern spur , at 15th Street , will soon be converted into a small children 's playground , while the northern spur , which crosses 10th Avenue at 16th Street , is fully planted , glade - like and resplendent in October - blooming asters .
One block south of the southern spur is the stage for the human fauna of the park , the sundeck , sponsored by film and shopping mogul Barry Diller and his designer wife , Diane von Furstenberg .
The sundeck lies directly over a busy petrol station at 10th Avenue and 14th Street , isolated from the streetside bustle .
It 's in this refuge , especially on sun-drenched autumn days , that New Yorkers retreat to read , reflect and – not least – flirt madly while in the garden 's embrace .
That the High Line 's natural display is flat - out sexy has not been lost on anyone .
When the Standard hotel opened earlier in the year , some of its guests , in flagrante in their rooms , ripped back the curtains , turned on the lights and put on a show for the assembled parkgoers down on the High Line .
Leading a tour of the flowerbeds on a fine , warm autumn day , High Line vice president Patrick Cullina stops briefly next to the sundeck , which in this leftover bit of summer resembles a beach resort , with dozens of people splayed out over the chaise longues .
" I had a family stop me the other day , " he says .
" They 'd noticed the sound of the crickets .
They said : ' How did you broadcast that recording ?
We could n't figure out where the sound system was . '
I had to tell them that the crickets were real .
The crickets arrived , as all nature would when provided with proper habitat .
That 's the thing about greening a city .
You think that nature is so far away , so difficult to get .
But actually , if you provide it with the right conditions , nature is right there next to you , just waiting to happen . " ★
The meeting between U.S. President Barack Obama and Chinese President Hu Jin-tao in Beijing was an opportunity to signal the beginning a new world order led by China and the U.S. During his four - day visit , Obama stressed that Beijing was a " powerful partner " in U.S. efforts to deal with global challenges .
" A strong and prosperous China can be the source of strength for the international community and the United States will not seal China off , " he said .
Even on the issue of Tibetan independence , Obama practically sided with China by saying , " We recognize that Tibet is part of the People 's Republic of China . "
Gone are criticisms of Beijing 's human rights abuses which previous U.S. presidents made during their visits to China .
The U.S. and China both avoided any unpleasantness .
" China 's partnership has helped the United States pull out of the worst recession in a generation , " Obama said .
The U.S. recorded a $ 1.4 trillion deficit over the last year starting in September of 2008 , while the accumulated fiscal deficit amounts to 80 percent of its GDP .
The U.S. government must continue issuing Treasury Bills in order to run the country .
China is America ’s largest creditor owning $ 800 billion worth of U.S. Treasury notes .
The U.S. is no longer in a position to tell China what to do .
The North Korean nuclear standoff was the first issue where agreement was announced at the post - summit press conference .
" We agreed on the importance of resuming the six - party talks as soon as possible , " Obama said .
" Both of us remain committed to resolving the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula through dialogue and consultation , " Hu said .
" Such a commitment serves the common interests of China and the United States and all other parties concerned . "
Matters concerning the Korean Peninsula will become staple items on the agenda of future U.S. - China talks .
Both countries have deep interests on the peninsula .
In July , the U.S. government even proposed strategic talks with China to deal with sudden and unexpected changes happening in North Korea .
The North Korean nuclear problem , Korean reunification and other issues will be discussed between Washington and Beijing and that will to a large extent determine how t he international community acts .
There is no guarantee that the solutions offered either independently or jointly by the U.S. and China will always be in line with South Korea 's interests and plans .
As a new era dawns , Seoul 's diplomatic strategies must change .
It is time to go beyond the single - track approach and come up with a multi- layered plan .
From : bronxelf_ag001
2009-09 -27 12:29 pm ( UTC )
This post is Official Infocommie approved .
: D From : pozorvlak
2009-09 - 27 07:07 pm ( UTC )
Thank you !
From : susannahf
2009-09 - 27 12:41 pm ( UTC )
That last one made me laugh out loud .
Oh the number of times I 've been there .
What you did n't mention is the worst bit , which is when you have finally crafted a vaguely working , if slightly shonky fork - handle out of the sole of a boot , some melted cheese , and a bit of wax , losing a couple of fingers and a large portion of your sanity in the process .
So you show it to someone , and go " look ! " , and they open a hidden door and say , " but we have a cutlery drawer here ... "
From : pozorvlak
2009-09 -27 02:44 pm ( UTC )
I do n't think that 's the worst bit : that 's frustrating and humiliating , but it at least means that you can throw away your horrible fork - handle and start working with a nice one .
The worst bit is when you think you 've got it , and that the magical incantation new Cylinder ( new SwissRoll ( new Layer( boot.getSole ( ) , new Mixture ( cheese.melt ( ) .reform ( ) , wax.melt ( new CigaretteLighter(pocket.getContents ( Word Handbag.LEFT ) .get ( 0 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ¹ will Do What You Want , and then you discover that the getSole ( ) method is only implemented for running shoes and sandals ...
¹ Why yes , I have been writing a lot of Java recently .
How did you guess ? :-)
From : pozorvlak
2009-09 - 27 07:06 pm ( UTC )
And it 's especially horrific when the thing you have is really really like the thing you need , but for some insane reason the library author does n't agree :-(
On reflection , I do n't think my description really got across the precise horror of API spelunking .
Actually trying to construct a fork handle out of cheese , a candle and an old boot would have more in common with Doctor X programming than with API spelunking , which is essentially a navigational challenge : the question you 're always asking is " how do I get there from here ? "
The kind of programming that you need a D&D Minotaur for .
The difference between API spelunking and data munging is that in data munging ( as I use the term here ) , any of your operators can be used at any stage , whereas in API spelunking you 're limited to a small set of available operators at each turn , which may advance or retard your progress .
In Unix scripting , pretty much everything takes a sequence of lines of text and turns it into a sequence of lines of text , but if you have a Boot object you can't decide to call getWick ( ) on it .
You 're working in a category ( or rather , a multicategory ) rather than a monoid .
And it 's especially horrific when the thing you have isthe thing you need , but for some insane reason the library author does n't agree :-( From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -11-15 11:58 pm ( UTC )
Congratulations !
You 've just fairly accurately described programming the BlackBerry .
Want to make a font appear anti-aliased ?
Well , you might spend a few days toying with different values to feed the style int , find that what looks good on the 8320 looks terrible on the 8700 , tear your hair out , give up on any easy solution , and then somebody pops up in a forum to tell you : yes , just use net.rim.
font .FONT_DO_SOME_ANTI_ALIAS_PLE
ASE , and no , that 's nowhere in the published documentation .
How did they find out about it ?
Beats me , but the BlackBerry 's been around long enough to spawn some serious beardage on its acolytes .
Or , if you want to save an email to mass storage , you discover there 's no way to access the attachments .
Unless the email author has titled the attachment in question x- blackberrys - are - so - secure.zip .
( I 'm not kidding , only exaggerated the precise name a little . )
So you keep going with the rest of the message , save it all to disk , great .
Now , to pull the data out and recreate it ...
Oh , those MessagePart subclasses you need to use that you were just reading data from to save to disk ?
None of 'em have public constructors .
So sorry , it 's all mostly read - only in the end .
Hate that ( * @# platform , and that 's probably why I 've been sitting on a great little app for a year , because finishing it is just so painful .
From : stronae
2009-09 -27 03:17 pm ( UTC )
You want to zom all the glaars
HAHAHAHAHA From : jackalopemonger
2009-09 -27 07:59 pm ( UTC )
" You have a candle , a slice of cheese , and a pair of old boots .
You need a fork - handle . "
Sounds like the beginnings of a text adventure game !
From : bug_fashion
2010-06-25 03:44 pm ( UTC )
you picture write what ?
From : totherme
2009-09 -27 11:29 pm ( UTC )
Do you think of " Clever datastructures " programming as a subcase of " Clever algorithms " programming ?
If so , then you might ( in some cases ) be able to turn some of your third - fave problems into some of your second - fave ones ...
Although I guess that the " squinting " feel of your fourth - fave problems can happen here too ...
From : pozorvlak
2009-09 - 28 08:40 am ( UTC )
I suppose I do .
And yes , that 's what I try to do with type - 3 problems , but it is n't always possible : or rather , after staring at it for a while and trying to come up with an elegant data - driven design , sometimes I conclude that the path of least resistance is just to bang out the if - statements :-(
From : necaris
2009-09 -28 07:22 am ( UTC )
I find languages like Ruby or Python ( to name two that I am familiar enough with to be able to say this ) help with the API spelunking in that if the API sucks , there are other ways to introspect and get at the insides of the software to get what you need done .
Although that does turn into Dr X wizardry very quickly ...
From : pozorvlak
2009-09 - 28 08:41 am ( UTC )
Yep .
Duck typing obviates a lot of the problem , too .
And in Perl , where the bias is against creating object hierarchies , the problem is further reduced .
Will the increasing dominance of Moose end this situation ?
I hope not ...
From : bug_fashion
2010 -06 - 26 07:31 am ( UTC )
You are the few people who wrote something about that , I like it .
Paul Michael Summer figures he was 30 before he learned how to ride a bicycle .
Oh , he knew how to pedal one well enough before then .
Like many people his age — he's 59 now — Summer started bicycling to school in the fifth grade , carefully riding against the flow of oncoming traffic in Lake Highlands , just like his parents taught him .
But that was the wrong way , said a helpful cop who stopped him one day and corrected his style .
Ride with the traffic , the officer told him , but stay very , very close to the curb .
That was n't quite right either , but the lesson stuck with him when he left home to attend art school in San Francisco , where cars whizzing past him on the city 's dizzyingly steep streets terrified him .
Next came a stop in Austin in 1972 to continue his education both as a student and bike rider .
While he was there , the city installed some dedicated bike lanes by rolling stripes down the sides of a handful of roadways .
Summer was relieved and at last felt protected by the stripe .
It was a much better way to ride .
Wrong again , he 'd later conclude .
It was n't until he returned to Dallas that Summer really learned how to ride a bike , he says .
In the early 1980s , intimidated by the city 's notoriously hostile streets , he hooked up with a group of riders that left every Saturday morning from a bicycle shop near Southern Methodist University .
The group 's leader encouraged the 20 or so cyclists to abandon the curb and move into traffic — to " take the lane " — when they felt unsafe .
Summer watched incredulously as motorists responded by not mowing down his fellow riders but instead treated bicycles as just another vehicle .
That was an " ah - ha " moment for Summer , who believed he at last had the skills to make it as an urban cyclist .
" There 's no place I can't go on my bicycle , " Summer thought .
His enthusiasm for cycling eventually landed him a position in 1991 as Dallas ' bike coordinator , where his job was to promote cycling .
Summer settled happily into his City Hall office and began implementing a philosophy called " vehicular cycling " that likely would have horrified that fifth - grader pedaling through Lake Highlands .
" How have we gotten to where we no longer see cars and bicycles as being compatible ? " wondered Summer , who had initially planned to develop at least a few bicycle lanes in Dallas but instantly reversed course .
He now believed that cyclists fare best if treated like any other vehicle .
So , he replaced dangerous drain grates with more bicycle - friendly designs .
He tweaked the sensitivity of traffic signal sensors to recognize a bicycle 's presence .
And in 2006 , he had the last bicycle lane in the city ripped out .
Dallas , under his vision , was becoming a dream city for " vehicular cycling . "
And that , to hear his critics tell the story , is one reason why P.M.
Summer is no longer the city 's bike czar .
Once again , he was caught riding against traffic .
This time , he got nailed .
Cyclists can be divided — very roughly — into two camps .
First , there 's the recreational riders who pedal for fitness or fun .
They include the spandexed road warriors who hammer through the streets , always looking for a route that lets them pedal longer and faster with the fewest stops .
Then there are the utilitarian cyclists who ride to get somewhere — work , shopping , etc. — either because they do n't have a car or because they want to reduce their carbon footprint .
Dallas has never been a particularly friendly city for either type .
It 's not as if the city has ignored cyclists altogether .
Dallas drafted its first " bike plan " in 1985 , creating maps for a number of bike - friendly streets .
That was the plan Summer was appointed to promote when he became bike coordinator , but funding cuts stymied his efforts in 1995 , and 13 years later , the rest of the country saw Dallas as a bicycling failure .
In 2008 , Bicycling magazine rated the city as the country 's worst place to ride a bicycle — not exactly the sort of publicity you 're looking for when your job title is bike coordinator .
On the heels of the rating , a new cadre of local cyclists arose and urged the city to better accommodate bikes .
This new group of advocates differed from the hard - core road warriors and was a far cry from the " vehicular cyclists . "
They did n't want to debate an SUV for the right of way on the road ; they just wanted to ride their bikes in a comfortable and safe environment .
They rallied the city to design the streets to physically separate bicycles and cars .
The sort of projects popular with these new riders worried Summer because he had seen the effects of such construction before .
In 1997 , Summer helped to open the Katy Trail .
The three - mile paved path along an old railroad bed proved hugely popular , though Summer eyed the trail nervously .
There were fewer cyclists on the street after the trail opened , he noted , as cyclists instead strapped their bikes to racks on their cars and drove to the trail .
" It really alarmed me , " Summer recalls .
" The more there were special facilities built , the less often people would ride their bikes on the street because it reinforced their fear as opposed to empowering them . "
In 2005 , desperate to inspire the Dallas bicycle advocacy community , Summer launched " Cycle Dallas , " a personal blog to promote vehicular cycling as the best way to ride .
It would n't be long before the city officials discovered the blog and realized that a city employee was sculpting policy based on personal belief , not popular positions .
In November 2008 , Summer was removed from his position as bicycle coordinator and transferred to another department .
A month later , the city pledged to support and partially finance a $ 300,000 plan to overhaul the old bike plan .
Bike lanes would get a second chance in Dallas .
The goal of building cycling infrastructure is to encourage more people to ride their bikes , thereby encouraging a more active street life .
But , says Richard Wharton , a friend of Summer and fellow vehicular cycling enthusiast , a cheaper and more effective solution already exists and has always existed .
" Education is by far the cheapest solution for getting more people on bikes ... We should have been doing this for decades . "
But we have n't been .
We never accepted the notion that proper cycling means aggressive on - street riding .
Rather , we rode in cul - de - sacs far out in the suburbs .
" Somewhere along the line the community at large decided that educating people to be better bicyclists was not a priority , " Wharton says , " and it fell off the map . "
Over the decades , bicycling has enjoyed certain peaks .
In the mid-'90s , when we were flush with cash , mountain bikes were a hot Christmas present .
Today , with the economy circling the drain , cycling makes economic sense .
The nationwide green movement and city planners ' efforts to draw residents back to urban centers and away from the suburbs are also giving cycling a boost .
From most every angle , the time is ripe to figure out how to get more people using bicycles .
The question is how , which brings up the true division between vehicular cyclists and , well , just about everyone else :
Should bike supporters insist on more education or the construction of bicycle infrastructure ?
John Forester is the grumpy godfather of the vehicular cycling movement .
The author of two books , Effective Cycling and Bicycle Transportation : A Handbook for Cycling Transportation Engineers — works that persuaded Summer to oppose bike lanes — Forester argues that teaching people to ride a bicycle like any other on - road vehicle is safer than caging bicycles in lanes .
" Millions of Americans think that a bike lane stripe makes cycling safe , " says Forester , who is 80 years old and delivers each sentence with the fury of a hissing snake .
" It does n't . "
Instead , cyclists should learn to make proper turns , how to pass other vehicles on the road , how to take the lane at an intersection and how to stop at red lights and stop signs .
" So many things that motorists are expected to know . "
Forester accuses the cycling advocates who are pushing cities across the country to install bicycle infrastructure of doing what 's popular , not right .
" They advocate bike lanes , " Forester says .
" They say all around the world bike lanes have just brought in hoards of new cyclists .
And then you ask them how they ride , and they ride in the same way I do .
Vehicular style !
Because they know it 's safer and better .
And yet they 're advocating bike lanes because it brings in more people ... That 's why they 're ideological hypocrites .
This business of trying to reduce motoring by increasing the number of cyclists is their ideology . "
Forester 's ideology , however , is based less on love of safety education than in what he sees as a civil rights battle to have motorists accept cyclists as their on - road equals .
Until the mid-20th century , according to Forester , bicycles were expected to ride on the roads according to the same rules as motorists .
In 1944 , the uniform vehicle code was updated to order that bicycles stick to riding as far to the right of the road as possible and that they ride in paths , if provided , rather than the road .
These rules , Forester stresses , were dreamed up by motorists .
" Who gets the traffic laws written ?
It 's the motorists .
There was no understanding that cyclists were anybody but incompetent children who should be kept safe by shoving you off the side of the road .
This is called bike safety education , " Forester says sarcastically .
Perhaps it 's true that bikeways bring in more cyclists , but they were invented to " segregate " cyclists , says Forester .
" That 's because cyclists are inferior ! "
It 's not hard to understand why some vehicular cycling advocates have tried to distance themselves from Forester 's rants and promote vehicular cycling education as a safety tool .
" In the advocacy community , the very term vehicular cycling has some emotional baggage attached to it , which is too bad , because it 's the easiest way for people to be safe on a bike , " says John Schubert , the 57 - year - old former vice president of the League of American Bicyclists , an organization representing the interests of the nation 's 57 million cyclists .
The league doles out gold , silver and bronze bicycle - friendly awards to cities , which Dallas covets .
Schubert , along with Summer and Forester , accuse the league of abandoning its mission to defend cyclists .
They say the league is following a popular trend of supporting the building of bike lanes at the expense of safe riding .
They consider Boston a prime example of what they see as the league 's wrong - headedness .
For many years , a vehicular cyclist was the bicycle coordinator there until Bicycling magazine rated Boston as the nation 's worst city for cycling .
The old bike coordinator was replaced in 2007 , and the city immediately installed five miles of bicycle lanes and pledged to build more .
Boston moved off the worst list , and Dallas took its place in 2008 .
Summer , likewise , was soon replaced as a new group of local bicycling advocates rose up and began to demand the city do more for them .
More , in this case , will likely mean the addition of some bike lanes in the future , though many of the utilitarian cyclists in Dallas are n't completely sold on the idea .
At October 's " Critical Mass " ride , for example , most of the cyclists thought bike lanes were helpful if only for the awareness they brought with them .
Critical Mass is a national bicycle awareness project in which cyclists meet the last Friday of every month and ride the streets , deliberately disregarding traffic lights and inconveniencing cars .
Colin Clarke , who founded the Facebook page for Critical Mass Dallas , says awareness is what Dallas really needs right now .
While it 's true that during group rides like Critical Mass traffic laws are disobeyed , Clarke says the good outweighs the bad taste left in the mouth of drivers who have to wait for somewhere between 40 to 100 cyclists to clear an intersection .
" My thought is this , " Clarke says .
" For five minutes , drivers can slow down and wait for us to cross an intersection .
I want to teach them that it's not the end of the world to slow down .
It does n't have to be rush , rush , rush . "
Clarke , 29 , has been a cycling advocate since he quit driving a car in 1999 , but has never seen so many other supporters joining the cause as today .
" It 's blown up considerably in the last year and a half , " Clarke says .
These new cycling advocates are not necessarily united behind a drive for new bike lanes .
Clarke , for instance , would like to see more street signs — a yellow diamond with a bike inside — all over the city , on every street .
" Just beat it into the driver 's head .
We 're here .
Watch out ! "
Jake Kazmirski , whose job during October 's ride was to stop the flow of traffic while the Critical Mass riders passed through intersections , has nearly been hit twice by cars in Dallas .
He wants bike lanes .
" If there 's nothing to the roads but signs , what 's a car supposed to do ?
' Uh - oh , this is a bike route , better watch out ? '
No way . "
But not even Paul Hakes Jr. , the Dallas - Fort Worth Ghost Bikes coordinator , sees bicycle infrastructure as a critical safety tool .
Ghost Bikes is a group founded in New York City to promote awareness of bicycles by locking a white bicycle to a sign post near every spot where a cyclist died from a collision with a motorist .
" We need more awareness , " Hakes says .
" I 'm not opposed to bicycle lanes , because it gives new riders a sense of security .
However , experience - wise and statistic - wise , they 're actually more dangerous than not having them .
There 's more people struck in them than out of them in cities that have them . "
( Bicycle infrastructure advocates disagree . )
The problem with the vehicular cycling advocates , says Hakes , is that they fail to account for the reality that new riders are scared of riding in the street with cars : " Their fears of getting out in traffic overwhelm their desire to ride . "
One reason Clarke has seen such a dramatic increase in local bicycle supporters lately is largely thanks to the emergence of a fresh - faced advocate , Jason Roberts .
The 34 - year - old Oak Cliff resident leads the city 's new corps of bike advocates , who follow his blog , Bike Friendly Oak Cliff , for bicycle news and group rides .
The rides put on by BFOC often draw more than a hundred cyclists .
Roberts is less focused on the best conditions for cycling .
What he cares about is the best conditions for getting more people to bicycle .
What 's driving him , Roberts says , is his own mortality .
Life 's short , and if he has to live here , why not make Dallas the kind of city he'd like it to be ?
Having traveled to Boulder , Colorado , and Portland , Oregon , with his indie - rock band , and other cities and European countries on his own , he wants Dallas to shake off the car stranglehold and become a more " livable " and " walkable " city .
A bicycle - friendly infrastructure , including bicycle lanes , is critical to his plan .
" My angle was more about what kind of street do I want , " Roberts says .
" It was n't so much as wanting bicyclists but that I want to have the street that was active and alive and engaged , like you have in Manhattan , Copenhagen , with vendors out on the streets , people out of their cars , walking . "
To this end , Roberts cites study after study that notes a significant increase in the number of cyclists after bicycle lanes are created .
According to the New York Department of Transportation , after New York City installed some 200 miles of bicycling facilities , ridership increased 66 percent over two years .
In July , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a report that said more bicycle infrastructure leads to more cyclists , which leads to weight loss and better health .
Roberts decided to become the go - to guy in Dallas for the advocacy of bicycle infrastructure after clashing with Summer in spring 2008 .
Inside City Hall , Roberts sat down with Summer for the first time .
Roberts then knew nothing about the historic rift between vehicular cycling advocates and everybody else , nor that Summer himself was a vehicular cycling advocate .
" I 'm naïve , " Roberts says .
" I go in and say , ' We want to have bike lanes put in over in Oak Cliff . ' "
Summer told him no way , that bicycle lanes are a bad idea and would never work in Dallas .
After the meeting , Roberts entertained the possibility that he could be mistaken about the benefits of bike lanes .
After all , what did he know ?
The only reason he wanted them was because he saw them in other cities .
Roberts spoke to others in the cycling advocacy community in Dallas and visited Portland .
He learned that Summer " was a Forester . "
Around the same time , Dallas City Council members were in Portland and Vancouver learning how those city governments built walkable cities .
While city council member Angela Hunt tweeted from Portland how amazing the city was and how much she was learning , on Summer 's blog , he was busy teasing her efforts .
On November 1 , 2008 , Summer wrote that city leaders were blown away by the " number of young neo - urban hipsters hanging out in coffee shops , bookstores and brewpubs " in Portland .
The officials , Summer wrote , wanted to know how to emulate that in Dallas and soon found their answer .
A planning and design firm in Portland , credited with helping cities across the country build bicycle infrastructure and win bicycle - friendly awards , explained the need for bike paths .
Once Portland installed bike lanes , wrote Summer , " the coffee shops , bookstores and brewpubs sprang up , [ and ] the young ( and not so young ) neo-urban hipsters soon followed in droves .
Portland was revitalized , the Metro and streetcars were running , the coffee and ale flowed , and the streets hummed to the sound of post - modern literature being discussed and to The Decemberists . "
That was the final straw for Roberts .
In early November 2008 , he launched a blog for Bike Friendly Oak Cliff .
In one of his first posts , Roberts decided to call out the divide in the cycling community .
In a post titled " Why does n't Dallas have bike lanes ? "
Roberts asked readers to reflect on their experiences in other cities , and then he explained why Dallas is different .
Writes Roberts :
" So you 've probably been on vacation in some über - cool city like Portland or Boulder , and / or overseas to Amsterdam or London , and noticed hundreds of residents , young and old , on bicycles meandering slowly around bike lanes built through the heart of their respective downtowns .
Then you hopped on a plane , landed in Dallas and sat in rush - hour traffic , while thinking , ' Where the hell are our bike lanes ? '
Good question ... and a complex one . "
Roberts , in the post , goes on to explain how he got involved in bicycle advocacy over the last few months and how much he has learned about that world .
Primarily , in every city that has recently installed bike lanes , there 's been opposition from this group referred to as vehicular cyclists .
That same day , Summer responded on his own personal blog in a post titled " They want bike lanes in Oak Cliff . "
Although never referring to the group by name , it was clear who he was talking about , especially when he linked to the BFOC Web site in his post .
Summer accused the " new- urban hipsters " of Oak Cliff of wanting their community to resemble Portland , " the new ' Disneyland 's Magic Kingdom ' of American communities ( where the poor are shipped out of town , and federal subsidized housing is provided for liberal arts majors working at Starbucks ... I 'm not making this up ) . "
And later in the post : " We have entered the time of the ' pernicious fad ' ( as John Schubert puts it ) , where people think you can't ride your bike without first having a bike lane .
That 's rightly called the Cyclist Inferiority Complex . "
Summer was removed that month from his position .
Many point to Angela Hunt , who has taken a leading role in bringing the city bicycle lanes , as the person who lobbied the city manager to remove Summer .
While she would n't admit as much , Hunt did n't deny that she strongly disagreed with Summer .
" All I could tell that the bike plan was , " Hunt says , " was a map of on - street bike routes .
I could n't see that it was very visionary or suited to most of the cyclists I know .
" We have to respond to the larger community , and that 's going to be to create bicycle infrastructure .
The last couple of decades that have been philosophically opposed to any change or improvement to bicycle infrastructure to separate bicycle lanes have proven to be a complete and utter failure , " Hunt says , citing the rarity of seeing cyclists on the roads in Dallas .
Hunt says she saw Summer 's blog late last year and " found it very condescending of options and antagonistic to bike lanes . "
The following month after Summer was removed , the Regional Transportation Council approved $ 300,000 in funding to update the city 's bike plan , which had been largely untouched since 1985 .
The project would be administered by the North Central Texas Council of Governments , and the city of Dallas would oversee the selected consultant , who would design the new plan , which is expected to be completed in 2010 .
Dallas ' new bicycle coordinator , Max Kalhammer , admits he does n't feel 100 percent comfortable bicycling in Dallas , but no matter what , Kalhammer says , the city will complete an overhaul to the current bike plan under his watch .
His focus is on accommodating the majority of cycling commuters .
For now , his team is busy reviewing maps of Dallas and figuring out where new bike routes need to be designated .
There must be a way to connect the light rail with bike routes , so that people can have a practical alternative transportation system .
The debate and controversy fueled by the clash between Roberts and Summer has given the city real momentum that wo n't disappear , Kalhammer says .
" The possibility of the plan just sitting on the shelf is very remote . "
The logistical challenge of designing and implementing safe bicycle lanes is a nightmare .
If Dallas designs bike lanes the way Houston did , which is to say painting 2 - foot - wide stripes on the sides of busy roads , Hunt says , " I 'd be ashamed , and I 'd move . "
She wants to see lanes separated by cement , though she 's going to leave the designing to the consultants .
One consulting firm that stands in a good position to land the contract with the city is Alta Planning , the same firm Summer teased on his blog .
Mia Burke , the founder , has helped hundreds of cities become more bicycle - friendly .
" Step one is to create infrastructure , " Burke says .
" People will not bike in significant numbers if there are no bicycle lanes . "
Burke disagrees with the arguments made by vehicular cyclists .
" Bicycles are different than cars .
Pedestrians are different from cyclists .
How you create a bicycle - friendly community is you create conditions where bicycles truly can be a part of daily life . "
As to their argument that bike lanes decrease safety , Burke says , " It 's a myth . "
Either way , Roberts is focused on accommodating the majority of people .
And in Dallas , the majority ( and this nobody disagrees with ) are beginner cyclists .
" I can bike vehicular , " Roberts says .
But that 's not the point .
If a planner wants to build for the fastest way from point A to B for a cyclist , perhaps bikeways are n't the solution .
" But if I want to create a neighborhood that is vivacious , that has a high livability factor — where you can walk to the shops — it is the way to build . "
On a recent Friday afternoon in late November , Dallas ' former bike coordinator is getting ready to bicycle to the new public library at Lochwood .
Summer 's now the senior transportation planner for the city 's Department of Sustainable Development and Construction , but he 's taken the day off to work from his Lake Highlands home on consulting work for an advertising company that promotes a university in Uganda .
Summer is listening to a New York Philharmonic LP inside his post - modern - style living room adorned by a number of crucifixes on the walls .
There are stacks of papers , books and newspapers on every table surface , open couch space , bookshelf and even on the floor .
Once outside , Summer takes his bicycle from the garage .
He has named the metal - frame , comfortable , commuter - style bike " The Archedbicycle of Canterbury , " as the homemade stickers read .
The tires of his bike crunch the thick layer of dead leaves hiding his driveway .
" I do n't rake them until they all fall down , " he says , kicking back the kickstand and leaving his home behind .
Summer , although ever the testy blog commenter , is now insisting that he never bothered following commenters on his blog .
Suddenly , rather than the arrogant and vitriolic former bicycle coordinator who appears on online media , Summer is just a 59 - year - old dad .
He sits up nearly straight as he glides on his bicycle down the hill toward a stop sign .
His hefty sides fill out his long - sleeve blue shirt .
He 's wearing a metal cuff around his right pant leg to keep the fabric from catching in the gear .
He jokes about the time his co-workers at City Hall thought the cuff was a GPS tracking device .
But behind the seemingly harmless and friendly account of his behavior throughout this whole mess , he 's still a passionate advocate of vehicular cycling .
But is he as passionate as Forester , and for the same reason ?
His undershirt bears the graphic of a vertical , rectangular traffic sign that reads , in big lettering , " Bicycles are Vehicles , " and then cites the Texas transportation code .
Approaching the stop sign , he raises his arm to make the official stop signal .
He gets off the bike for an instant while waiting for a gap in the traffic .
His opportunity arrives , and he kicks back on his bike , chin forward , eyes straight ahead , and pedals to the right hand side of the right lane .
But not too far over .
He 's some 5 feet away from the curb , pointing out the sand and leaves resting in the gutter , where the bike lanes would be , he notes .
Cars pass him in the left lane , rather than squeeze by him in the right lane .
" It 's not a fight , " Summer says .
" It 's not wrestling .
It 's a negotiated dance , " he says of riding in traffic , quoting the words of a friend and fellow vehicular cyclist .
Summer swerves to miss broken and uneven pavement .
He rings his bell before overtaking a parked postal truck ; the letter carrier looks up at him .
He extends his left arm and moves into the left lane of Easton Road briefly before turning onto another residential street .
" This is typical of a bike route .
It 's a low - volume , residential local street that parallels a major thoroughfare , " Summer says .
He 's on Bike Route 280 , which parallels Garland Road .
He insists that the bike route system is not for vehicular cyclists but for people who do n't have the confidence to ride on major thoroughfares .
He continues to distance himself and the bike route system from a vehicular cycling ideological paradise .
" Our system drove him nuts ... because it was so convoluted , " Summer says , recalling a time John Forester visited Dallas some 15 years ago .
" Because it twisted and turned and used all these back streets . "
Summer laughs before continuing the memory : " Forester said , ' Why do n't you just get on the big street ? '
Because not everybody 's going to do that .
It 's the real world , John . "
But when asked repeatedly about the true basis for his opposition to bicycle lanes , how they would make him feel , Summer abandons the restraint .
It means , says Summer , that " we 're going to segregate cyclists officially — officially treat bicycles as second - class transportation users . "
LONDON ( AFP ) –
The government ’s chief legal advisor informed then British prime minister Tony Blair in 2002 that deposing Saddam Hussein would contravene international law , a newspaper reported on Sunday .
Peter Goldsmith , the Attorney General at the time , wrote to Blair eight months before the 2003 US - led invasion of Iraq , but the premier ignored the advice , the Mail on Sunday claimed .
ADVERTISEMENT
The newspaper said a public inquiry into Britain ’s involvement in the war was in possession of Goldsmith ’s letter and he and Blair are likely to be questioned about it when they give evidence next year .
The inquiry heard in its first week that Britain ’s ambassador to the United Nations at the time , Jeremy Greenstock , believed the invasion was “ of questionable legitimacy ” .
The Mail on Sunday reported that Goldsmith was “ gagged ” after he tried to dissuade Blair from lending Britain ’s support to the war .
Goldsmith wrote the letter six days after a Cabinet meeting on July 23 , 2002 , at which ministers were secretly told that the United States and Britain were set on “ regime change ” in Iraq , the report said .
Goldsmith , who attended the meeting , strongly disagreed and on July 29 , he wrote to Blair — a close friend of his — on a single sheet of headed notepaper .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the letter , Goldsmith pointed out that war could not be justified purely on the grounds of “ regime change ” , the newspaper reported .
He explained that although UN rules permitted “ military intervention on the basis of self - defence ” , they did not apply in the case of Iraq because Britain was not under threat from Saddam ’s regime .
Goldsmith ended his letter by saying “ the situation might change ” — although in legal terms , it never did , the Mail on Sunday said .
ADVERTISEMENT
An unnamed friend of Goldsmith told the newspaper that Blair went “ beserk ” when he received the letter because it undermined his case for war .
The friend said Goldsmith was subjected to such pressure by Blair ’s close inner circle over his advice that he threatened to resign and lost weight .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He is an honourable man and it was a terribly stressful experience , ” the friend said .
Goldsmith eventually gave qualified legal backing to the conflict days before the war started in March 2003 in a brief , carefully drafted statement .
The inquiry , Britain ’s third related to the conflict , is looking at its role in Iraq between 2001 and 2009 , when nearly all its troops withdrew .
ADVERTISEMENT
The committee , chaired by retired civil servant John Chilcot , will report by the end of 2010 .
Men were less likely to report feeling stressed Young adults are suffering from " anxiety overload " , a UK charity warns .
A survey of 18 - 24 year olds found 66 % feel stressed or anxious at least once a week , with money and job worries being the main cause .
Almost a third of respondents said they did not tell anyone of their worries , raising the need to teach young people " coping strategies " , said Rethink .
Women seemed most badly affected , with one in three suffering frequent anxiety , compared with one in 10 men .
The YouGov poll of 2,000 adults , 250 of whom were aged 18 - 24 , found 33 % of young women felt stressed or anxious most days or every day .
It is worrying that young people are unable to speak openly about their anxieties
Lucie Russell , Young Minds
Money worries were given as the main reason by 45 % of respondents , followed by 33 % having concerns about job prospects and 29 % worried about pressures from school or university .
Some said they would seek advice or support from a partner or friend , but almost one third ( 31 % ) say they kept stress and anxiety to themselves .
Pressures James Gorman , Rethink National Young Persons ' Programme Manager said the pressures on young people were " huge " .
" With the number of young people not in education or employment rising , it 's no wonder many are feeling the strain .
" It is extremely important that we teach young people strategies for coping with stress and protecting their mental health .
" Failure to get the right help at the right time can have lasting consequences .
" The longer people suffer in silence , the harder it is to help them recover . "
Lucie Russell , Young Minds campaigns director , said the survey suggested young people felt really stressed much of the time .
" It is worrying that young people are unable to speak openly about their anxieties .
" Young people should be taught coping strategies early on at school and at home , so they can deal with difficult feelings and situations .
" But there must also be readily available support both at school and in the community , so that young people do n't have to suffer alone . "
Paul Farmer , chief executive at Mind said young people were bearing the brunt of the recession .
" Employment is scarce and without a job , anxiety , low self - esteem and unhappiness can set in .
" Unfortunately , stigma around mental health is particularly bad amongst adolescents , which means they tend to bottle things up rather than seek support . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
No country can go on spending more than they earn and expect sustained prosperity .
Sure , they can get away with a façade of economic stability glazed over by copious amounts of debt but eventually the piper must be paid .
The U.S. Treasury in combination with the Federal Reserve has made the ultimate bet that by forcing the dollar lower and injecting easy money into the economy that somehow it will jumpstart the economic engine .
If we examine multiple levels of economic activity we are yielding very little overall for trillions of dollars in bailout funds .
The big winners here are the banks and the American public is still waiting for the real recovery in the economy .
It is disturbing that there is a significant school of economic thought out there that somehow jobs do not matter .
This line of reasoning is baffling .
In many ways , this is similar to the collective deep capture that occurred during the housing bubble that somehow prices were justified even in the face of rampant fraud and mass delusion .
They do n’t call it mania for nothing .
Take for example the wonderfully unstable budget of the biggest state of our country , California .
Only last week , State Controller John Chiang announced that the state is falling behind $ 1.1 billion in receipts from a budget only enacted three months ago .
Keep in mind the estimates made only a few months ago were conservative by California standards yet somehow money is n’t coming in .
This is occurring at the same time that the state has hiked taxes and is also front loading tax collections earlier .
To the obvious person on the street , you cannot tax someone without a job .
Well , that is n’t necessarily true because you can tax them on items they buy ( in some counties like L.A. that rate is near 10 percent ) .
We are now 21 months into this recession .
Job growth is no where on the horizon .
It would appear that people are waiting for some ambiguous industry to emerge out of the ashes like some financial Phoenix .
Will it be the green sector of our economy ?
Yet even in that optimistic scenario , does that sector have enough to make up for the 8 million jobs lost in this recession and the growing demands from a larger work force ?
If we examine eras like the 1920s in Florida and their real estate bubble , prices did not come back for years .
So if you factor in the 1920s coupled with the Great Depression of the 1930s , things did n’t turn around for nearly two decades .
California and Florida are coming off unsustainable highs .
What does this mean ?
Let us go back to the State Controller report .
What that translates to in the real economy is less money coming in to the government .
And that means either more tax hikes or more spending cuts .
Let us take a look at a sign of economic vitality .
U.S. Exports :
Source : Federal Reserve
Does that chart look like a recovery to you ?
Keep in mind the above chart factors in every imaginable bailout and trillions funneled into the financial sector .
Yet exports have n’t moved .
Before we can talk about housing rebounding and moving upwards should n’t we talk about the real economy first ?
In this article we are going to examine 10 charts from housing to auto sales that show not much has changed at the core of the economy .
Chart 1 – Auto Sales
As it turns out , cash for clunkers was merely a way to frontload auto sales .
After seeing a spike in August sales the September number fell back to the year long trend .
As one colleague told me , we helped stimulate the foreign auto maker market since most of the cars bought were non-domestic in brand .
Talk about a horrible strategy .
Given that we now own GM and Chrysler making the U.S. government auto CEO , why would you want to reward your competitor ?
Seems like our politicians do n’t think things through because a one month boost came with an expensive price tag .
And is this even the right way to go ?
Again , non-domestic auto makers make up a big part of our economy even though many provide jobs outside the U.S. I ’m all for open trade .
But why is the American taxpayer subsidizing this ?
As we had speculated back when the cash for clunkers program was announced , this was a big gimmick like Hope Now and other policies that have yielded poor results in action .
Chart 2 – Housing Starts
This chart should tell you the big story regarding home building .
Sure , single family building is up a bit but would n’t you expect that with trillions being funneled into this industry ?
But look at the chart closely .
Notice the multiple housing starts ?
Still at record lows .
Why ?
Because the market is saturated with inventory !
So trying to spur more building when we are seeing some 300,000 distress actions on homes hitting the market each month just does n’t make sense .
If anything , it will prolong this housing slump .
Housing starts have fallen so hard that we have to go back to the Great Depression to find another similar trend .
It would seem that those calling bottom somehow believe that we are heading back to those 2005 and 2006 points .
We are not .
In their mind , everything is boom and bust .
No middle ground is allowed .
Let us assume we are back on normal ground .
Then what ?
Why rush to buy a home now ?
If we are back on normal footing then housing should reflect employment conditions .
After all , most Americans pay their mortgage from wages .
So until employment and wages move up , there is little rush to purchase a home right now and later charts will highlight why .
Chart 3 – Single Family Home Sales
The stabilization with home sales is largely due to the big amount of distress sales going for rock bottom prices .
Couple this with the Federal Reserve buying agency debt and keeping mortgage rates at historical lows and home buying conditions seem prime .
Add fuel to the flame with an extremely expensive $ 8,000 tax credit and sales go up .
It is simple .
Just like cash for clunkers .
Yet what happens when you remove that tax credit ?
Cash for clunkers gives us a crude look at what will happen .
And look at new home sales .
They are off their lows but nothing remotely close to their peak days .
So this chart ties in with the previous chart because all the action is in the existing home market .
No need to build homes when people are buying and selling already made homes .
So much for those construction jobs .
Chart 4 – 30 Year Mortgage Rates
If you look at the chart above you can thank the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury .
What you do n’t see is the parallel destruction of the U.S. dollar for these cheap mortgage rates .
There is no free lunch .
Mortgage rates are near historical lows .
Rates hovering at 5 percent do n’t even mesh with historical standards .
Over the past 40 years the average 30 year fixed rate has averaged 9 percent .
That is , if we even revert to the mean rates will double meaning the amount people pay on a monthly basis will explode .
With Alt - A and option ARM loans not even eligible for these rates , how does this help distressed owners ?
It does n’t .
The market is artificially being juiced with trillions of dollars and at some point , something has to give .
The Fed is betting the economy will miraculously find some other bubble ( i.e. , technology , real estate , ? ) and will expand again .
Yet we may be out of bubbles for the short term .
Chart 5 – Personal Savings Rate
Americans started saving at a pace not seen in decades .
Yet the cash for clunkers program and the home buying tax credit once again got people out and buying .
But is this sustainable ?
It is too early to tell .
The recent dip is because of these last two programs .
The next phase will be the holiday shopping season .
Many retailers depend on the November and December months for a large chunk of sales .
We will soon find out how tapped out the average American is .
Last year , people went out shopping like crazy even though economic indicators were equally poor .
Yet over this year , credit card companies have been yanking lines in light of higher default rates .
Without the plastic , will Americans shop till they drop this Christmas ?
Chart 6 – Hours Worked
The work week has gotten shorter .
So short , that it is the lowest it has been in record keeping history dating back to the 1960s .
The average American work week is now down to 33 hours .
Keep in mind this is for the employed .
If we look at the under utilization rate ( includes fully unemployed and those working part - time for economic reasons ) the U - 6 rate is up to 17 percent .
The above chart reflects those but also those who supposedly have full - time jobs .
What is occurring is overtime is being cut and furloughs are being implemented like the 200,000 state workers of California that are now earning less .
Earning less means less money to spend .
The state is learning this lesson quickly .
Jobs absolutely matter .
The problem is Wall Street has captured our political process and convinced many that if Wall Street is happy , somehow little crumbs will trickle over onto Main Street and all will be well .
So far , politicians have given everything the bankers have requested and nothing has changed on the streets of America .
How is TARP working out ?
Chart 7 – Household Debt Burden
Even as debt is being destroyed through foreclosures and bankruptcies , many households are still in record amounts of debt .
Why ?
Because losing jobs and less pay reflect a new reality even though the system is washing out old obligations .
Debt is not wealth as many are now realizing .
This above chart may show why the American consumer is reluctant to go out and spend without getting massive incentives like cash for clunkers and home buying tax credits .
Are we now going to give Americans a $ 1,000 holiday shopping voucher ?
Some in the retail sector have asked for similar goodies .
Make no mistake that the crony bankers will ask for anything to fluff their own profits .
Chart 8 – Household Debt Service
Now the above is a fascinating chart .
What we see is a trend of less financial obligations for renting households .
Rents have been falling across the country .
This only makes sense since people are earning less .
However , the financial debt obligation of homeowners is still near peak levels .
Same amount of debt on a home that has seen equity evaporate .
Many people are now unable to qualify to buy a home and that is okay .
We need to remember that during the bubble anyone with the desire to own was given that opportunity .
Alt - A and option ARM products were the mortgage of choice for many .
We are dealing with the repercussions of those decisions even today .
In fact , we have yet to deal with them since 2010 to 2012 will bring many of these home loans to roost .
Chart 9 – S&P 500 Double Bubble
The above is perfect chart of the double bubble we have experienced in the last decade .
It is interesting to see the recent trend as if a triple bubble is in store .
The market is trending as if we will have a V shaped recovery .
As we have seen with all the data above , if anything the cliff diving has stopped but this does not equate to a booming recovery .
We are betting on another bubble even in light of no job growth and also trillions in bad loans coming due soon including commercial real estate .
The market price / earnings ratio is still high .
It believes that 2010 will somehow bring back a 2005 year .
But digging beyond the debt , 2005 was n’t a stellar year .
The only reason it looked stellar was the mania in housing and absurd financial sector profits .
The financial sector profits are back with taxpayer money but the boom in construction is nowhere to be found .
Unemployment is also officially nearing 10 percent .
Chart 10 – Health Care Employment
Maybe the next bubble is in healthcare ?
This chart tells you the story of an aging population that does n’t make much anymore since it has outsourced a gigantic portion of its manufacturing base .
Many younger workers are looking at boomers who lived up the 1960s and 70s , got serious in the 1980s and 90s and now are expected to shoulder the burden of their entitlements all the while understanding that they will not have those benefits when they retire .
If anything , just look at the ages of those on Wall Street .
The young brokers were merely fodder in the recent downturn as we saw these young Gordon Gekkos walking out of places like Lehman Brothers brown box in hand with desk goodies and a sad look on their face .
Yet their bosses made out with millions in bonuses .
So much for company loyalty .
Healthcare costs are growing and so is this part of our economy .
With many boomers retiring in the next few years , an inordinate amount of stress will be put on our system .
Younger generations are not having gigantic families anymore .
So there are fewer people paying into the system for an enormous size of our population who will now start collecting .
Social Security is minimal with average payments around $ 1,000 to $ 1,300 a month .
Yet younger workers are looking at this and also seeing these workers with pensions of $ 4,000 to $ 6,000 per month ( and higher ) and are now told to put their money into the 401k casino and hope it makes out because Social Security will be a shell for them when their time comes .
Many have lost thousands in this recent crash that was the deepest since the Great Depression .
I doubt healthcare will be the next boom .
This is a cost to our economy that is only set to go higher as people retire .
What is the boom going to be in ?
Viagra ?
With annual sales of over a billion , maybe this is the boost the economy needs .
I mean is this what it now boils down to ?
We need to get back to making things .
The economy for much too long depended on youngsters in front of Bloomberg terminals punching in keys and trading billions of dollars as if it were the new version of Halo .
Then the “ real economy ” was largely based on everyone dressed up in a suit pretending they were the next HGTV flip this house expert and trading homes like baseball cards .
It was so easy .
Paper pushing and house flipping .
Heck , at least in the technology bubble we were left with some great companies .
What are we left with after this housing boom ?
Gigantic McMansions for families that do n’t even plan on having that many kids .
Until jobs start showing up , any talk of a rebounding housing market is moot especially with this entire artificial stimulus still bouncing around the economy .
And collapsing tax revenues are not a good sign .
I do n’t buy the jobless recovery argument and the government tends to agree .
If all is well , why is the U.S. government and Fed buying $ 1.25 trillion in agency debt to lower mortgage rates , putting in place an $ 8,000 tax credit , boosting car sales with gimmicks , encouraging risky low money down loans with FHA insured products , and extending unemployment insurance to a record 92 weeks in states like California ?
Do these things sounds like policies of a booming economy ?
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Look down from a height at any landscape in this slanting autumn light , and you 'll see that the ground is only a thin blanket thrown over the remains of the past .
The faint marks of fields and walls , houses and roads , show up even in the heart of cities – in relics as humble as the outline of a lost Edwardian rose bed , marring the bland green perfection of a suburban lawn .
The past week has shown once again how hard it is to destroy anything built by man so that it vanishes without a trace .
Days after the discovery was announced of a hoard of Anglo - Saxon gold that could have come straight out of Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings – but actually came from a dull field in Staffordshire – archaeologists from Southampton University revealed something else that history had completely forgotten .
Half an hour 's drive from the modern city of Rome , north of the Tiber and close to Fiumicino airport , a large hexagonal pond in marshy ground marks the vast artificial harbour of Portus , dug from the Mediterranean in the second century to feed the capital of the empire .
And here , we now know , there once stood an amphitheatre on the scale of the Pantheon .
Archaeologists have been poking around this site for a century , but they either missed or misunderstood the giant heap of rubble , overgrown with weeds .
Robbed of its fine marble facing and cut stone blocks , this great building , perhaps used by the emperor himself , was reduced to a ruin almost 2,000 years ago .
More than 140 years ago , the Italian archaeologist Rodolfo Lanciani discovered the building , but seems only to have traced half of it and so interpreted it as a theatre .
Professor Simon Keay and his team uncovered the other half , which dramatically changes the understanding of the life of the port .
A nearby building is now believed to have been an imperial palace where emperors , including Hadrian , stayed before and after their travels overseas , and possibly received distinguished visitors .
The discovery of a superbly carved , colossal marble head – possibly Ulysses – suggests high status , elaborately decorated buildings , not just workaday warehouses and wharves .
Keay compares the importance of the site , and the window it opens on the economic lifeblood of the greatest empire the world had known , to Stonehenge or the great temples of Angkor Wat in Cambodia .
In a world where it sometimes feels as if everything interesting is already known , analysed and available on the internet at the click of a mouse , the ground remains stuffed with secrets .
Archaeologists are still working on another great ancient harbour , built when the capital of the Roman empire shifted east to Constantinople .
The Emperor Theodosius built his new harbour in the fourth century , and it was found again , complete with shipwrecks still full of their last cargo , when workmen began digging a railway tunnel .
Archaeologists have been feeling their way in for more than 15 years in the murky waters of Alexandria , since divers realised that a new sea wall of huge cement blocks was actually being built on the foundations of a legendary building – the Pharos , the great lighthouse that was one of the seven wonders of the world .
Among the treasures they believe may still lie in the sewage - polluted water are Cleopatra 's palace , and her tomb .
And in the hectic heart of Mexico city , magnificent carved stones now on display in the British Museum 's exhibition on Moctezuma were found when workmen started to dig a new metro station , and hit instead the great temple of the Aztec 's island capital Tenochtitlan .
Climate change is exposing many more secrets .
As lakes shrivel , coastlines shift and sand blows , lost worlds are uncovered : villages built on stilts in German lakes , flint tools still lying where they were dropped on what is now the bed of the North Sea , whole cities buried in the sands of the Middle East .
Often they carry a grim message which modern man might profitably brood over : the sites were lost because the weather worsened , the river changed course , the parched land cracked , the mud brick crumbled , the animals died – and nobody ever lived there again .
• This article was amended on 2 October 2009 .
The original said that the port was octagonal and that a former amphitheatre on the site had a capacity similar to that of the Colosseum .
This has been corrected .
It looks like Shaun White was n’t the only guy practicing double cork 1080s this summer .
Iouri Podladtchikov , or Ipod , joins the double cork party .
Iouri Podladtchikov Double Cork 1080
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- AIG gave in to demands from Congress Sunday , naming the banks that pocketed billions of dollars last fall as part of a federal bailout of the troubled insurer .
AIG , facing intensifying scrutiny of its pay practices and questions about whether taxpayer money has been well spent on its behalf , released a list Sunday afternoon of the firms that benefited from the government 's efforts last year to prop up the New York - based company .
The list is topped by numerous European institutions and two big Wall Street firms , Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) and Merrill Lynch ( ML ) .
AIG , which has avoided bankruptcy only because of $ 170 billion worth of taxpayer funding , said it released the list of trading partners , along with the sums they received , because the company " recognizes the importance of upholding a high degree of transparency with respect to the use of public funds . "
AIG said it made the announcement after consulting with the Federal Reserve , which has led the bailout of the company .
Legislators have been asking since last fall for the names of the counterparties , contending that taxpayers have a right to know how their funds are being used .
Fortune reported a partial list of the recipients earlier this month , though Sunday 's disclosures are the first full accounting of which firms received funds and how much they got .
A top Fed official told Congress March 5 he did n't believe it would be helpful for the names of AIG 's counterparties to be revealed , because doing so could cause companies doing business with AIG to back away from the company .
The disclosures could also undermine confidence in the markets and reduce economic stability , Fed vice chairman Donald Kohn told the Senate Banking Committee in testimony March 5 .
Kohn 's stand drew fire from legislators such as Senate banking panel chairman Chris Dodd , D - Conn .
He and other senators urged Kohn to consider the implications of spending billions of dollars of taxpayer funds without transparency .
" Public confidence in what we 're doing is at stake , and the public right now is deeply deeply troubled , " Dodd said at the hearing March 5 .
" I understand the legal arguments you 've given me , but that kind of answer undermines public trust . "
AIG said Sunday that it had consulted with the Fed " about the potential public benefit of counterparty disclosure and the potential that such disclosure would cause competitive harm to AIG or its counterparties . "
At issue is which banks were made whole by federal funds extended to AIG in the name of unwinding its troubled credit default swap and securities lending businesses .
Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D - N.Y. , sent a letter to Fed chief Ben Bernanke earlier this month requesting information about transactions last November in which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York agreed to lend $ 52.5 billion to two newly formed companies for the purpose of purchasing troubled debt linked to AIG .
One of those companies got $ 30 billion from the New York Fed for the purpose of buying so - called collateralized debt obligations , the bundles of risky debt sold on Wall Street .
AIG had promised to make the CDO owners whole in case of any losses via the sale of credit default swaps .
The government agreed to buy the CDOs in hopes of unwinding the swaps , which became a massive cash drain at AIG after its credit ratings were downgraded last fall .
On Sunday , AIG named the banks that received collateral on AIG 's credit default swap obligations as a result of the government 's support of AIG , as well as those that received payments as a result of the government - backed CDO purchases and those that got funds in the unwinding of AIG 's securities lending business .
The top recipients of CDS - related collateral were France 's Societe Generale , with $ 4.1 billion , Germany 's Deutsche Bank ( DB ) , with $ 2.6 billion , and Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch of the United States , with $ 2.5 billion and $ 1.8 billion .
They were also the top recipients of payments under the CDO purchase program , with SocGen getting $ 6.9 billion , Goldman $ 5.6 billion , Merrill $ 3.1 billion and Deutsche Bank $ 2.8 billion .
The top beneficiaries of payments tied to the unwinding of the securities lending portfolio were Barclays ( BCS ) of the U.K. , with $ 7 billion , Deutsche Bank , with $ 6.4 billion , BNP Paribas of France , with $ 4.9 billion , Goldman with $ 4.8 billion and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) with $ 4.5 billion .
Kepler Slowdown : How Big a Problem ?
It was a busy weekend for backchannel emails .
I got off a Twitter post ( OK , a ‘ tweet ’ ) on the centauri_dreams channel on Friday about the disturbing news from Kepler .
The reaction was swift .
The problem is caused by noisy amplifiers in the electronics of the space - borne telescope , which means the powers that be have to fiddle with the way data from Kepler is processed .
This article in Nature News ( thanks to all who forwarded links ) spells it all out , saying that the planet hunt could be delayed .
The article has circulated widely but apparently has problems of its own .
William Borucki , Kepler principal investigator , posted this on Ian O’Neill ’s SpaceDisco site :
“ There is a mistake in the Nature article .
The Kepler Mission is actually doing very well and is producing planet discoveries that will be announced early next year .
Data from 3 of the 84 channels that have more noise than the others will be corrected or the data flagged to avoid being mixed in with the low noise data prior to the time an Earth twin could be discovered . ”
No word here on exactly how long that corrective process will take , so this is still a developing story .
The Nature News article had said the Kepler team ’s best response to the noise issue would be to re-write the software code , a process that might take two years or more .
That ’s not a fatal problem , but it would push back the time - frame for finding our first terrestrial world around another star .
Because that first find might well be an Earth - sized planet around an M - dwarf , where transits are frequent because the habitable zone is so much closer to its star .
That thought probably put new wind in the sails of planet - hunters for ground - based projects as well as CoRoT .
This is competitive business , make no mistake , and a slowdown at Kepler enhances the chances for the Earth - sized planet prize going to someone else .
The Nature News article quotes Greg Laughlin ( UCSC ) on this , saying the delay makes it “ more likely that the first Earth - mass planet is going to go to the radial - velocity observers . ”
But now we must learn more about how bad the current problem is , and wait for Kepler ’s upcoming planetary announcements .
My , has n't it grown ?
World of Warcraft celebrates its fifth birthday this month , and the population of Azeroth – the virtual world where this online game takes place – is around 11.5 million .
More people now play World of Warcraft , or WoW , than live in Greece .
WoW is a sword 'n ' sorcery game in which players control virtual characters who whizz about killing monsters , collecting treasure , fighting or ganging up with one another .
Azeroth has a functioning virtual economy , and ( mindbogglingly ) an exchange rate with the real world : a WoW gold piece , enough to buy you some virtual barbecued boar ribs , is currently worth about one and a half euro cents .
Also , WoW has some wicked magic swords .
Yet grown - ups play it .
In fact , seduced by the beauty of this whole new world that 's theirs to explore , they find it eats their lives .
WoW is such a colossal and pernicious time - suck that it can have you slaying goblin pirates till 4 am .
It is also , undoubtedly , a work of art .
But what sort of work of art ?
I have a theory .
Computer games are often described in terms of what they resemble .
They appear on screen ; they feature dwarves , giant spiders and gurgling fish - men ; they have cinematic trailers and blockbuster - style launches – so they must be like films , right ?
Wrong .
Games are n't trying to be films any more than songs are trying to be poems , paintings are trying to be photographs , or Ginsters pasties are trying to be food .
When it comes to WoW , the comparison is especially skewed .
Films , with the exception of Andy Warhol 's , are all about narrative .
They tell stories .
But narrative is probably WoW 's weakest suit .
Here 's a typical sequence : kill demon boar , kill another demon boar , get ambushed by ghoul , swear , wake up in graveyard , traipse in ectoplasmic form across open country ( swearing all the way ) to your own dead body , resurrect self , get ambushed by ghoul again , awake in graveyard again , swear again .
Nothing is permanently at risk .
Good and evil are simply team colours , not moral convictions .
Endlessly repeatable , the " quests " are more like errands or even rituals .
Your character is changed by these quests only by becoming richer , more powerful and better dressed .
Azeroth is the only place where I can get away with wearing gem-encrusted black leather trousers .
So here 's my theory : WoW does n't resemble a film .
It resembles , rather , a medieval cathedral .
And a magnificent one : it is the Chartres of the video - game world .
Like a cathedral , it is a supreme work of art that is , on a brick - by - brick basis , the creation of hundreds of artisans and craftsmen , many of whom will be long gone by the time it comes to completion ; indeed , since WoW is in a state of permanent expansion , it may not ever be " complete " .
All those programmers are the modern - day equivalent of stonemasons , foundation - diggers and structural engineers .
Cathedrals do n't really have narratives either , but they do have a mythos – a system of stories – behind them .
And oh boy , does WoW have a mythos : just Google Kil'Jaeden and the Shadow Pact or Kel ' Thuzad and the Forming of the Scourge , and you 'll wish you never had .
The Azeroth has a historical back - story involving aeons of strife and sacrifice , unspeakable cataclysms , mighty heroes , and tonnes and tonnes of that sort of guff .
But the mythos is there in the background : it 's part of the furniture , rather than part of the action – in the same way that windows of stained - glass martyrs , or narrative frescoes of the Passion , serve as a backdrop to ritual observances in a cathedral .
And the observances of WoW are , like those that take place in a cathedral , calmingly repetitious and governed by rules .
Instead of a series of Hail Marys , you 're handed a target number of flowers to collect , or giants to kill ; instead of manna from heaven , you are rewarded with experience points in the XP bar .
It is rich in decorative detail , but the decorative detail is not the point .
Azeroth 's architecture is a glorious space for glorious things to happen in .
And , like a cathedral , it is above all a social space , for communal experience .
That 's what has given it its longevity .
Five years is n't long in terms of the life of a cathedral ; for a computer game , it 's an eternity , given that you can finish most in a matter of hours .
The people who stay in WoW join guilds , make friends online , go questing in groups and spend hours ( with only a bit of giant - slaying ) talking in the chat channels .
It 's as much a social networking site as a videogame .
You log on and gossip in its pews .
Gone are the days when families gathered round the wireless .
Inconceivable , now , would be the simultaneous nationwide toilet flush during the break of the final MASH episode .
Art is increasingly consumed in isolation – through earplugs , on the computer , on demand .
Yet there 's still a thirst for a communal experience of culture .
Hence the boom in live music , and in interactive , watch - on - the - night shows like The X Factor .
And then there 's World of Warcraft , perhaps the daddy of them all : a cathedral without a god , where you and your gang can hang out – dressed in leather , killing goblins and eating ribs .
Connecticut Sen .
Joe Lieberman says he opposes any sort of public option , even one including an opt - out provision such as Harry Reid 's bill .
| Composite image by POLITICO Lieberman : I 'll block vote on Reid plan
Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) said Tuesday that he ’d back a GOP filibuster of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s health care reform bill .
Lieberman , who caucuses with Democrats and is positioning himself as a fiscal hawk on the issue , said he opposes any health care bill that includes a government - run insurance program — even if it includes a provision allowing states to opt out of the program , as Reid has said the Senate bill will .
Advertisement
" We 're trying to do too much at once , " Lieberman said .
“ To put this government - created insurance company on top of everything else is just asking for trouble for the taxpayers , for the premium payers and for the national debt .
I do n’t think we need it now . "
Asked about Lieberman ’s threat to filibuster a final vote on the Reid plan , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said : " I have n't seen the report from Sen .
Lieberman or why he 's saying what he 's saying .
I think Democrats and Republicans alike will be held accountable by their constituents who want to see health care reform enacted this year . ”
Lieberman said that he ’d vote against a public option plan “ even with an opt - out because it still creates a whole new government entitlement program for which taxpayers will be on the line . "
His comments confirmed that Reid is short of the 60 votes needed to advance the bill out of the Senate , even after Reid included the opt - out provision .
Several other moderate Democrats expressed skepticism at the proposal as well , but most of the wavering Democratic senators did not go as far as Lieberman Tuesday , saying they were waiting to see the details .
Lieberman did say he's " strongly inclined " to vote to proceed to the debate , but that he ’ll ultimately vote to block a floor vote on the bill if it is n’t changed first .
" I 've told Sen .
Reid that if the bill stays as it is now I will vote against cloture , ” he said .
“ I ca n’t see a way in which I could vote for cloture on any bill that contained a creation of a government - operated - run insurance company , ” Lieberman added .
“ It ’s just asking for trouble – in the end , the taxpayers are going to pay and probably all people who have health insurance are going to see their premiums go up because there ’s going to be cost shifting as there has been for Medicare and Medicaid . ”
Reid ’s response was restrained .
“ I do n't have anyone that I have worked harder with , have more respect for in the Senate than Joe Lieberman , ” he said Tuesday afternoon . “
As you know , he 's my friend .
There are a lot of senators , Democrat and Republicans , who do n't like part of what 's in this bill that we sent over to CBO .
We 're going to see what the final product is .
We 're not there yet .
Sen .
Lieberman will let us get on [ to begin debating ] the bill , and he 'll be involved in the amendment process . ”
Lieberman said he “ very much ” wants to vote for health care reform but that he ’s worried about stifling “ the economic recovery we ’re in ” or adding to the federal debt .
“ I feel this way about a national , government - created health insurance company – whether it ’s a trigger or not , ” he said .
“ My answer is – we ’re – we have the opportunity to do some great reforms here .
These exchanges that we ’re talking about , I think , are going to drive competition and probably bring the cost of health insurance down or at least contain the cost increases for a lot of people .
Let ’s give that two or three years to see how it works to see how it works before we talk about creating another entitlement that will end up increasing the national debt and putting more of a burden on taxpayers . ”
Alexis Hutchinson with Kamani .
The army cook and single mother was arrested after failing to show up for her deployment .
Photograph : Alexis Hutchinson /AP
A 21 - year - old single mother serving with the US Army's 3rd Infantry Division is facing a possible court martial because she failed to turn up for deployment to Afghanistan , saying that she could not find anyone to care for her infant son .
Alexis Hutchinson , who serves as an army cook , was meant to have joined her division for a flight to Kabul on 5 November , but failed to show up .
She was arrested and temporarily placed in custody while her 10 - month - old child Kamani was put into a daycare scheme on her military base in Savannah , Georgia .
Hutchinson denies any suggestion that she was trying to avoid deployment , insisting that she was only acting out of concern for her boy .
She had placed him in the care of her mother , Angelique Hughes , in Oakland , California , but after a couple of weeks Hughes found she was overburdened and unable to commit for a whole year looking after him .
" This is an infant , and they require 24 - hour care , " Hughes told Associated Press .
" It was very , very stressful , just too much for me to deal with . "
The case has highlighted the tensions within the US military , which has a policy of treating women personnel with children sensitively yet is under extreme pressure to maintain troop numbers in Afghanistan and Iraq .
According to a report last month from the group Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , more than 212,000 women have been deployed in the US military to the two war zones , making up 11 % of the forces there .
More than 120 have been killed , and 600 wounded .
The deployments include some 30,000 women who are , like Hutchinson , single mothers .
Hutchinson 's civilian attorney , Rai Sue Sussman , told the Oakland Tribune that her client had gone missing for a day at the time of deployment because she was afraid of what would happen to the child .
The lawyer said that Hutchinson had been pressurised to get on the flight even though she had no satisfactory arrangement for his care .
Sussman said : " The day before she was forced to deploy , they told her you have a choice to make , but your duty is to get on that plane .
She did n't have anyone to take care of her child .
She thought they 'd put her on a plane and take her child away . "
An army spokesman said that Hutchinson 's deployment has been put on hold while an investigation is carried out .
Her child has now returned to Oakland to be with his grandmother .
Dr Edward Erin denied administering poison to induce a miscarriage
Affair became bitter abortion battle A doctor has been found guilty of attempting to poison his lover in a bid to induce an abortion .
Dr Edward Erin , 44 , of west London , spiked the drinks of Bella Prowse , 33 , after she became pregnant but refused a termination , the Old Bailey heard .
The married father - of - two , who worked at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , west London , had denied attempting to poison to cause a miscarriage .
Miss Prowse gave birth to a healthy baby in September 2008 .
The jury found Erin guilty of two charges of attempting to administer poison - once in a cup of coffee from Starbucks and then in a glass of orange juice .
The court had been told tests showed traces of the drug in both Miss Prowse 's body and a cup given to her by Erin .
But Erin was found not guilty on another charge of spiking a cup of tea given to Miss Prowse as the jury could not reach a decision .
The Crown Prosecution Service will decide next week whether to seek a retrial on that charge .
Bella Prowse thanked friends and family for their support Judge Richard Hone told Erin : " A custodial sentence is virtually inevitable . "
He did not show any emotion as he was taken away .
Miss Prowse , who had become pregnant with Erin 's baby after a brief affair , cried as the guilty verdict was announced while her friends clapped .
In a statement she said : " I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Metropolitan Police Service and Crown Prosecution Service .
" I am especially grateful for the support of my friends , family and daughter during this very difficult time . "
Det Ch Insp Mickey Gallagher said : " This case is only the second of its type to be brought before the courts in 40 years .
" Bella Prowse is immensely brave .
This [ case ] took a lot of moral courage .
" I have got a lot of admiration for her . "
Erin , originally from Caerphilly , south Wales , was banned from working with patients by the General Medical Council pending the verdict .
The wealthy doctor , who also owns a property company , began his affair with Miss Prowse at a Christmas party in 2007 .
When she fell pregnant the doctor begged her to have an abortion , claiming if she had the baby it would " kill him and he would have to leave work " .
She became suspicious after allegedly finding yellow powder in a cup of Earl Grey tea Dr Erin made for her in January 2008 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rejoice , Futurama fans !
News arrived on Friday that the voice cast of the beloved series will be returning after all .
Billy West , Katey Sagal , John DiMaggio , Maurice LaMarche , and Tress MacNeil have all signed deals with 20th Century Fox TV to provide the voices for the crew of the Planet Express Ship .
To celebrate , I ’m going to listen to these quotes from Dr. Zoidberg :
When the call went out for new voice actors last month , most Futurama fans were a nasty combination of bummed out and irate ; the show has had such a rocky history that some kind of disappointment almost seemed inevitable .
It has n’t always been easy being a Futurama fan , and this just looked like the latest bait - and - switch .
And we might not be totally out of the woods yet .
According to Variety , “ Twentieth and Comedy Central have been kicking around ways to make Futurama , originally produced for a broadcast network ( Fox ) , make financial sense for a cable run . …
Other costs that were slashed in the process led to a smaller writing staff and a shorter delivery schedule . ”
The deal between Comedy Central and Fox also gives Fox a “ broadcast window ” to air episodes before they head to cable , which …well , as someone who watched Futurama on Fox the first time , I do n’t think is such a great idea unless you love shows that are on at different times every week .
" The beauty of this fruit is that you can buy it and stick it in a fruit bowl and it will maintain its firmness , texture and crispness for up to 14 days , " he said .
Midrange wobble hooligan Rusko breaks down some of his dubstep production methods on YouTube .
He goes through in a pretty detailed way talking about how to program the shuffled beats in dubstep , how to make wobble bass , how to mix beats and general production process stuff .
I like his music although I imagine there are a lot of dubstep people who will think he ’s bastardizing the scene since the stuff he makes is very main - floor friday night mass appeal dubstep .
I like it although I think there will be a lot of people coming behind him trying to make ‘ banging dubstep ’ and making a lot of horrible music , like what happened with d’n’b after Ed Rush & Optical introduced the whole No U Turn techstep sound .
Regardless though , whatever style you ’re making , if you ’re trying to make powerful beat based music he is giving away a lot of good knowledge here .
Respect to him for pulling back the curtain .
Real producers who are confident in themselves do n’t need to keep ‘ production secrets ’ .
Part one :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4rDC1kuHtc[/youtube]
Part two :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eLFb6CecXA[/youtube]
Part three :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGJMhYv5fqA[/youtube]
Part four :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AZ1RL8jI9c [ / youtube ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Leading Republicans urged President Obama to make a swift decision in favor of more U.S. troops for the war in Afghanistan after talks between the president and congressional leaders Tuesday .
Top Republicans were at the White House on Tuesday to meet with President Obama .
Obama faces an expected request for thousands of more U.S. troops from Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan .
He gathered leading members of Congress from both parties at the White House on Tuesday afternoon to discuss the future of the war , which turns 8 years old Wednesday .
" Obviously , there are many of us who feel that delay does signal uncertainty to the region , " Rep. Eric Cantor , the House minority whip , told CNN's " The Situation Room . "
Cantor , of Virginia , said Republicans would support Obama if he agrees to send more troops into the conflict .
But " If the president chooses to go a different route , you know , it is obviously going to be tough for us , " he said .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , said after the meeting that " everyone -- Democrats and Republicans -- said , whatever decision you make , we 'll support it , basically . "
But he expressed skepticism about Republican pledges of support , saying , " It will be interesting to see if their actions follow their words . "
Watch more on the problems Obama faces on Afghanistan »
Privately , a top House Democrat told Obama that escalating the war could result in the United States being stuck in Afghanistan for another 20 years of open - ended conflict , according to Democrats and Republicans who attended the closed - door White House meeting .
Two attendees said Rep. David Obey , powerful chairman of the House Appropriations Committee , warned Obama that the United States could end up spending $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years in Afghanistan .
Obama made clear to Obey and other fellow Democrats that pulling out of Afghanistan is not an option that 's on the table , even though that is likely to anger some fellow Democrats , the attendees said .
Obey spokesman Ellis Brachman would not confirm or deny precisely what the congressman said in the private meeting .
U.S. forces launched the invasion of Afghanistan on October 7 , 2001 , in response to the al Qaeda terrorist network 's attacks on New York and Washington on September 11 .
Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden escaped the U.S. onslaught and remains a fugitive .
Now the U.S. - led coalition is battling a resurgence of the Taliban , the Islamic militia that allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory before the attacks and is trying to return to power .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates acknowledged Monday that Taliban fighters " have the momentum right now , " blaming a shortage of U.S. and allied troops over the past seven years for the development .
The war has claimed the lives of 865 Americans and 570 allied troops , and U.S. public support for the conflict has slipped sharply in the past two years .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , said after the White House talks that Obama has " a difficult decision " before him but offered no overt pledge of support for more troops .
" Whether we agree with it or vote for it remains to be seen when we see what the president puts forth , " she said .
But Sen. John McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , said , " It 's pretty clear that time is not on our side . "
" We need to act with deliberate haste , " said McCain , Obama 's GOP opponent in last year 's presidential election .
During the meeting , the president dismissed efforts to define the debate as a choice between " doubling down or leaving Afghanistan " as a " straw man , " according to an Obama administration official .
And participants said there was another dramatic exchange between two former presidential nominees -- McCain and Sen. John Kerry , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
According to the participants , Kerry told Obama that whether to send more troops into Afghanistan was a " collective " decision , because lawmakers in both parties are prepared to help him sell it to the American people .
But McCain -- who campaigned in 2008 on the argument that he had more experience to make tough calls like this -- stood up to insist that ultimately , the commander - in - chief alone will take the heat .
When asked by a reporter after the White House meeting if this decision is a test for Obama as head of the armed forces , McCain said , " Of course it is , and I think the president is aware of it . "
A spokesman for Kerry said the senator is " well - acquainted with his copy of the Constitution . "
But what Kerry said was once Obama reaches a decision , lawmakers " will stand collectively with the president in supporting that decision as representatives of the American people . "
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs has said Obama would consult with Congress on his eventual decision .
" The president has [ heard ] and wants to hear from all of those that are involved in decisions about protecting our homeland , keeping our country safe , as well as the deployment of our men and women in uniform , " Gibbs said .
" Obviously , Congress plays an important and significant role in that , and this is part of talking to them about this process . "
CNN White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .
All About Afghanistan • Barack Obama • Republican Party
by John Blevins and Marvin Ammori
( I'm using my real name because this piece is both co-authored and will be x-posted at Balkinization .
I 'll update with link when it gets posted .
publius ) .
Yesterday , a group of law professors and public interest organizations ( listed below ) filed briefs in Comcast v. FCC in the DC Circuit court — a case with potentially enormous implications for the future of the open Internet .
The briefs are available here and here .
For those unfamiliar with the case , here ’s a very brief summary :
In 2007 , Comcast got caught interfering with applications on the Internet ( specifically , it blocked its users ’ uploads using peer - to - peer applications like BitTorrent ) .
After initially denying any blocking — and then after several months of consumer complaints , terrible press coverage , and an FCC investigation with several public hearings — Comcast finally came clean and promised to stop .
In 2008 , the FCC concluded that Comcast ’s actions were illegal , violating federal policy set out in the Communications Act , and ordered the company to demonstrate that it had ( as promised ) discontinued these practices .
Comcast then sued in the DC Circuit , arguing that the FCC ’s Order was both procedurally defective and beyond the FCC ’s jurisdictional authority .
The stakes of this litigation are high .
If the DC Circuit vacates the FCC ’s Order , the court will give every network provider in the nation the green light to adopt and expand Comcast ’s discriminatory practices — a development that would undermine the basic level playing field that we expect on the Internet .
The decision could also undermine the FCC ’s recent proposal to adopt rules governing and ensuring network neutrality .
Indeed , if Comcast is right that the FCC wrongly claimed jurisdiction over network discrimination , then the FCC would have to return to Congress — where a Senate filibuster would loom large over any attempt to pass new legislation .
The two briefs filed yesterday , then , address different aspects of the overall argument supporting the FCC ’s position .
The first — the Amici Brief submitted by Professors Jack Balkin , Jim Chen , Larry Lessig , Barbara van Schewick , and Tim Wu—illustrated the harmful policy consequences of reversing the FCC ’s Order .
In short , Amici explained why you should care about what Comcast did .
One of Amici ’s primary arguments was that Comcast ’s actions would cause real economic harm by raising the costs of innovating on the Internet . *
In doing so , Comcast ’s actions would transform the open Internet into a more “ closed ” network , closer in spirit to today ’s cable network where uses are completely controlled and pre-approved by the network provider .
For background , the reason that innovation is easy and inexpensive on the Internet is because everyone on the Internet has traditionally followed shared , non-secret practices and protocols .
The creators of Twitter , for instance , did n’t have to call network providers like Comcast for permission to introduce their application .
They simply conformed their application to transparent , standard protocols — and then trusted that their new application would work on the network .
This ease of innovation allows an extremely diverse set of people ( from college students to Fortune 500 companies ) to experiment , which paves the way for new markets and economic growth .
Actions like secret blocking would undermine these basic foundations for innovation by raising costs in numerous ways — and we list only a few examples here .
In the brave new world of blocking , application innovators would be forced to waste time and resources tailoring their application to multiple networks , and to multiple providers ’ idiosyncratic blocking practices .
Blocking would also make it harder for new developers to obtain start - up funding , as testimony in the FCC ’s record demonstrated .
And it would likely trigger a wasteful arms race , as users and application developers focus their efforts on evading network filters .
Comcast ’s discriminatory practices — if more widely adopted — would also distort competition among new applications and content .
Traditionally , user - driven market forces have determined the success of failure of new applications .
Comcast ’s practices , however , foreshadow a troubling trend in which network providers start picking the “ winners and losers ” on the Internet based on their own individual motives .
Unfortunately , market competition is insufficient to address these problems because network providers have incentives to discriminate against certain applications , and because the Internet access market is extremely uncompetitive .
In short , the stakes of reversing the Order are high — indeed , a reversal could undermine , at a fundamental level , the features of the Internet that have made it so valuable .
The second brief was filed by public interest groups Free Press , Consumers Union , Consumer Federation of America , Public Knowledge , and was joined by technology start - up Vuze , Inc. and a group of for - profits and non-profits in favor of network neutrality called the Open Internet Coalition ( which includes companies such as Google and Skype , among others ) .
Media Access Project acted as counsel to some of the groups .
This brief focused on the ( admittedly less sexy ) issues at the core of the appeal — whether the FCC had the jurisdiction to act against Comcast and whether the FCC followed appropriate procedures .
For jurisdiction , the brief emphasized that , under Chevron , the FCC receives deference for interpreting the Communications Act , including interpreting the scope of its jurisdiction under that Act .
This deference provides some certainty to industry and consumers .
The FCC , for instance , has spent the last several years claiming to have jurisdiction over network neutrality issues .
If those conclusions are entitled to no judicial deference when challenged , industry and consumers will be subject to increased uncertainty over the legal regime and who will enforce it .
Regarding procedure , Comcast essentially argues that that the FCC improperly enforced an administrative policy statement as though it were a rule .
Agencies , however , have the discretion to choose to make policy through either rules or adjudications — here , it chose adjudication .
In acting through adjudication , agencies usually try to give notice to parties through a policy statement .
That is exactly what the FCC did here and it ’s pretty basic administrative law .
The FCC , in fact , gave Comcast far more than enough process .
In these respects , the brief complemented the FCC brief ( pdf ) , filed two weeks earlier , which soundly refuted many of Comcast ’s arguments .
For those interested in the fuller versions of these arguments , we ’d encourage you to check out the briefs , which provide a lot more detail .
* The innovation arguments relied extensively on Professor van Schewick ’s work and forthcoming book .
The other scholars have also written on innovation and the Internet , notably in Lessig ’s book The Future of Ideas .
( John Blevins is an Assistant Professor of Law at South Texas College of Law in Houston , and also writes here at Obsidian Wings .
He was Counsel to Amici .
Marvin Ammori is an Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Nebraska - Lincoln where he teaches cyberlaw and telecommunications law .
He was Free Press ’s first lawyer and the architect of the consumer case brought against Comcast at the FCC , now on appeal . )
An early morning assault on a Kabul guest house by attackers armed with suicide vests and assault rifles killed six U.N. workers today , just a day after eight U.S. troops died in a pair of roadside bomb attacks in southern Afghanistan , making October the deadliest month of the eight - year war for American forces .
The campaign of violence foreshadowed an effort by the Taliban to disrupt a presidential runoff election that is less than two weeks away and came as a consensus is emerging within the Obama administration that more U.S. troops are needed in the country .
The deaths of the U.S. troops Tuesday brought the total number of U.S. service members killed during the month to at least 53 , according to the independent website icasualties.org .
Army Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the top U.S. commander there , has reportedly requested 40,000 additional troops to pursue insurgents in Taliban strongholds , protect civilians and promote development to build support for the government .
Advertisement
Though the administration consensus includes agreement on continuing a counterinsurgency strategy , officials say the White House has not settled on a specific approach or the number of troops necessary to implement it .
U.S. officials have warned that an increase in insurgent attacks is likely before the Nov. 7 runoff election between President Hamid Karzai and former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah .
“ They are trying to influence the people of Afghanistan to prevent them from voting , ” said Col. Wayne Shanks , spokesman for U.S. forces in the country .
Early today , three attackers with suicide vests and assault rifles attacked a United Nations guest house in an upscale neighborhood of Kabul , sparking a gun battle with Afghan security forces that lasted for more than an hour .
Advertisement
U.N. spokesman Adrian Edwards said six U.N. workers were killed in the assault and nine were wounded , some seriously .
Their nationalities were not immediately known .
Gen . Abdul Ghafar Sayedzada , the Afghan Interior Ministry ’s chief of criminal intelligence , said that in addition to the dead and wounded , seven U.N. workers were rescued from the house .
He said the attackers , who were not able to detonate their vests , all died -- as did two Afghan security officers and a civilian in a nearby house .
There was an increase in attacks leading up to the first round of voting two months ago ; 45 U.S. troops were killed in July and 51 in August , previously the deadliest months for American forces .
Advertisement
The Aug. 20 election was marred by reports of widespread fraud .
Annulled ballots cost Karzai nearly 1 million votes and left him just short of the 50 % threshold for an outright win .
The Taliban claimed responsibility for Tuesday ’s attacks .
“ We do n’t accept these two candidates , ” Qari Yousef Ahmadi , a Taliban spokesman , said in a telephone interview .
“ This election is against Islam and against us . ”
He said the attacks took place in Zabol province .
Shanks did not identify the area pending notification of next of kin , but other military officials put the attacks in Kandahar province .
Advertisement
Seven of the Americans were killed in a single incident along with an Afghan civilian working with them , Shanks said .
The roadside bombing targeted a U.S. armored vehicle patrol and was followed by a battle in which an unspecified number of insurgents were killed , he said .
The eighth American was killed in another roadside bombing , Shanks said .
Several wounded troops were evacuated for treatment after the attacks .
About 68,000 American troops are deployed in the country , along with 38,000 from 42 countries serving with the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force , or ISAF .
Critics of a troop buildup have suggested a variety of more limited strategies that would focus on pursuing members of the Al Qaeda network without putting as many U.S. troops in harm ’s way .
Advertisement
Sen. John F. Kerry ( D - Mass. ) , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , was one of the first influential Democrats to express reservations about a major troop buildup .
However , Kerry signaled Monday that he agreed that the war should be fought as a counterinsurgency .
He said he would back a decision by President Obama to send “ some additional troops , ” provided improvements are made in Afghan troop training and governance and civilian aid efforts are increased .
“ We simply do n’t have enough troops or resources to launch a broad , nationwide counterinsurgency campaign .
But more importantly , nor do we need to , ” he said .
“ We all see the appeal of a limited counter - terrorism mission . ”
One of the plans under consideration , first reported by The Times , would have U.S. forces focus on protecting people in Afghanistan ’s top 10 population centers .
Advertisement
“ The last couple of days have been a very tough couple of days for everybody involved , ” Shanks said .
But “ I think you will see , as we work to make this a safer place , the attacks will come down here . ”
Already , he said , U.S. forces are finding close to two - thirds of the roadside bombs -- commonly referred to as improvised explosive devices , or IEDs -- before the explosives detonate .
“ As people come to trust us more , they will tell us about where these IEDs are hidden , ” he said .
Improvised bombs in Afghanistan differ from those that have confronted U.S. - led troops in Iraq .
At the height of the IED threat in Iraq , insurgents commonly relied on military explosives -- old artillery shells turned into roadside bombs .
Advertisement
In Afghanistan , there are far fewer caches of old munitions , so militants make homemade explosives .
Those explosives are less effective , and insurgents compensate by producing bombs that are very large .
Because most of the IEDs are in rural areas , militants have time to excavate large holes without being discovered .
Big holes can be detected by spy planes , and U.S. officials have assigned manned and unmanned flights to scan the roadways , military officials said .
Afghan insurgents have few radio- activated bombs , meaning that unlike in Iraq , American jammers are of little use in defending against many of the explosives .
Instead , militants use long wires or pressure plates to trigger the explosions .
The pressure plates often are made of wood to avoid their discovery by metal detectors .
The number of bombs has increased sharply this year , according to the Pentagon IED office .
There were 2,548 attempted attacks in 2007 , 3,783 in 2008 and 5,612 in the first nine months of this year .
The Pentagon said 139 U.S. service members have been killed by IEDs in Afghanistan through September of this year .
( The website icasualties .org says 105 have been killed by IEDs through Oct. 7 . )
Advertisement
Military officials have said two helicopter crashes on Monday did not appear to have been insurgent - related .
Two choppers collided in midair in the south , and Shanks said there was no indication of hostile fire when a third one went down after a joint U.S. - Afghan anti-narcotics operation in the west .
The crashes took the lives of 14 Americans : 11 troops and three law enforcement officials .
North Atlantic Treaty Organization forces on Tuesday recovered the remains of three American military contractors from the wreckage of a plane that crashed two weeks ago in the rugged mountains of northeastern Afghanistan .
--
Advertisement
alexandra .zavis@latimes.com
Times staff writer Julian E. Barnes in Washington and special correspondent Karim Sharifi in Kabul contributed to this report .
i was looking up recipes for pumpkin martinis & i came across this …quite possibly the grossest looking shot i’ve ever seen …i’m not sayin’ i would n’t do like 6 - 10 anyway , but you know …
bloody brain shooter
Channel your inner mad scientist with this Bloody Brain Shooter .
Mixing acidic lime juice and Irish cream causes the cream to curdle , creating brain - like strands in the shot .
Ingredients :
1 ¼ oz . strawberry vodka such as Stoli
1/8 oz .
Rose ’s lime juice
¾ oz .
Bailey ’s Irish Cream
Splash of grenadine
Preparation :
Chill vodka for better smoothness .
Add vodka and lime juice to a shaker , shake and strain into a shot glass .
Using a straw , dip some Bailey ’s Irish Cream into the shot .
Once you submerge the straw into the Bailey ’s put your finger on top of the straw to hold the Bailey ’s in the straw .
Dip the straw tip into the vodka and slowly release your top finger .
The Bailey ’s will curdle a little bit due to the lime juice and you should be able to make strands of Bailey’s .
Repeat the straw / Bailey ’s process to build a “ brain ” in the shot glass .
Add a splash of grenadine to the concoction to add the ‘ blood ’ to the mix .
Down the hatch as a shot .
( via )
This can unleash so much hate mail , but here it goes , my inbox is ready !
Are dynamic languages just a temporary workaround ?
I ’m not sure !
I ’m switching between the two types of languages all the time : Java , Python , C# , JavaScript .
I ’ll try to make the long story short .
Statically typed languages , like Java and C# , are nice because when you do
blah.bleh ( )
you know that blah ’s class has a bleh method , at compile time .
But better than that , when you typed “ blah . ” you get a list of methods , and you already know whether there ’s a bleh method or not , and if you typed bleh and it does n’t exist , the IDE lets you know , no need to wait for the compiler .
Also you can do very deterministic refactoring , renaming all “ bleh ” for “ bluh ” for example .
Statically typed languages are not nice because they are very verbose and require a lot of boilerplate ( if you ’ve used Haskell , just bear with me for now please ) , so you end up with things like :
List [ Car ] cars = new List [ Cars ] ( ) ; foreach ( Car car in cars ) { car .
Crash ( ) ; }
How many “ cars ” do you read there ?
And that ’s a nice example .
There are worse .
So come dynamically typed languages and you can write :
cars = [ ] for car in cars : car.crash ( )
You have less cars , and less ( no ) lists .
That means you are more productive .
You start chunking out code faster without having to stop and think “ What type of object will this or that method return ? ” .
But crash ( ) can crash your application instead of just the car because you ca n’t know if it exists until run-time .
That might be OK or not , testing and whatnot .
Then comes C# 3.0 where you can do :
var cars = new List [ Car ] ( ) ; foreach ( var car in cars ) { car.crash ( ) ; }
And you can see that syntactically it got closer to Python , which is what gives you the productivity .
Do n’t know the type ?
type “ var ” .
But semantically , it ’s still statically typed , like the previous statically typed example .
You know that car is going to be of some class that has a crash method .
You can actually know car ’s class at compile time , no need to run it .
That ’s called type inference .
You do n’t have to specify the type where the compiler is capable of inferring it for you .
C# type inference system is still very limited ( but better than Java ’s ) .
Let ’s see an example in another language
cars = [ ] map crash cars
That means , create a list called cars , call the function crash on each car .
Would you say that that is a statically typed language ?
or a dynamic one ?
I ’d say it is dynamic , but it is static .
Very static .
It ’s Haskell .
Haskell ’s compiler will infer all the types for you .
It ’s amazing , you ’ll write code as robust as with C# , but as terse as Python ’s ( Monads will then kill your productivity , but that ’s another story ) .
In Python 3 you can define types for arguments .
They are mostly useless , but it ’s an interesting direction .
I think the best it can do is that when a program crashes it ’ll tell you : “ function blah expected an int , but got a float , not sure if that was the problem , but you might want to look into that ” .
Now , my question is , are dynamically typed languages just a temporary workaround ?
As our compilers get better , our computers faster , will statically typed languages keep giving us as many or more reassurances about our code and utilities while at the same time they become as simple and terse as dynamically typed languages ?
Or will dynamically typed languages start to gain types and over time be more static without the programmers that use them ever noticing ?
My question is , will we in the future , 50 or 100 years , look back and said “ Dynamically typed languages where a temporary workaround to statically languages being painful to use when human beings and their toy computers were so primitive ? ” in the same way we can say today that “ non-lexical scope was a limitation we had and have due to the limitations of computer hardware 30 years ago ” .
Reviewed by Daniel Magliola .
Thank you !
And it remains unclear whether several thousand NATO and other foreign troops are really the equal of a similarly sized American force in terms of military capacity .
Some countries may continue to restrict how their forces may be employed .
In addition , a force that is cobbled together from too many nations  a few hundred here and a thousand there  might not have the unit cohesion of an American force , military analysts said .
Washington has not yet made formal troop requests to allies , but there have been diplomatic and other conversations seeking commitments in principle , carried out by senior American officials ; the NATO secretary general , Anders Fogh Rasmussen ; and Prime Minister Gordon Brown of Britain .
Image French soldiers returning to an outpost after a recent operation east of Kabul .
France is standing firm on its refusal to consider sending more of its forces to Afghanistan .
Credit ... Jerome Delay / Associated Press
Mr. Obama ’s aides have signaled that he intends to commit close to 30,000 additional American troops , on top of the 68,000 already there .
The president is likely to ask NATO allies to fill the gap between whatever new American troop contribution he announces and the approximately 40,000 that the NATO commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , favors to carry out his proposed counterinsurgency strategy , according to administration officials .
The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the policy had not been formally announced .
After Mr. Obama gives his speech and Mr. Rasmussen delivers a statement of support , NATO foreign ministers are to meet in Brussels next Thursday and Friday to discuss Afghanistan .
But troop commitments are not likely to be discussed in detail before a so - called force - generation conference on Dec. 7 , also in Brussels , American and allied officials said .
Informal commitments of several thousand additional allied troops have already been made , but they include some of the 10,000 more European troops that were sent to Afghanistan by governments last year , as well as troops sent for the recent presidential election , NATO officials said .
Katie Holmes has reportedly enrolled her daughter Suri in a Catholic school despite intense arguments with her Scientologist husband Tom Cruise .
Holmes enrolled the toddler at the Catholic Charities Yawkey Centre For Early Education And Learning in Boston , Massachusetts .
Won the argument ... Tom Cruise 's daughter Suri will go to a Catholic school after Katie Holmes got her way .
Credit :AP
" Katie has been listening to her parents who are devout Catholics , I 'm told , " a source told the .
" She is not convinced by Scientology and has told Tom that she wants Suri to be educated as a Catholic – as she was .
Some people have better genes than other people ; such is the luck of the draw .
The effects of most genetic differences on human longevity appear to be small in comparison to the effects produced by lifestyle choices , however .
You are still the master of your own destiny in that regard .
Time wasted in wishing you had a better variant of FOXO3A would be better spent exercising .
A great deal of modern life science research is focused on deciphering the operation of our genes and metabolism .
Along the way , researchers are digging up many statistical associations between human life span and specific genetic polymorphisms , such as different alleles of a single gene .
This is happening rapidly enough that individual results are no longer newsworthy ; this is a data gathering phase in the broader research community , and the data is rolling in .
Relentless gains in the cost effectiveness of genetic biotechnologies mean that databases of these associations will grow far faster than they are mined for potential applications and cross-references in the years ahead .
By way of illustration , here are a couple of recent examples of the sort of investigative work into human genetics and longevity that is presently taking place .
The IRS2 Gly1057Asp Variant Is Associated With Human Longevity
Reduced insulin and insulin - like growth factor - 1 ( IGF - 1 ) signaling extends the life span of invertebrate and mammals .
Recently , reduced insulin receptor substrate - 2 ( IRS2 ) signaling was found associated with increased longevity in mice .
The aim of our study was to evaluate whether a common polymorphism ( Gly1057Asp ) in human IRS2 gene is associated with human longevity .
...
Six hundred seventy - seven participants ( 289 males and 388 females ) between 16 and 104 years of age , categorized as long lived ( LL ; > 85 years old ) or controls ( C ; < 85 years old ) , were genotyped for Gly1057Asp - IRS2 locus variability ( rs1805097 ) .
...
Categorizing participants into percentiles by age , IRS2Asp / Asp participants were more likely to reach extreme old age .
Human chitotriosidase polymorphism is associated with human longevity in Mediterranean nonagenarians and centenarians
Human phagocyte - specific chitotriosidase ( CHIT - 1 ) is a chitinolytic enzyme associated with several diseases involving macrophage activation .
Previous studies have demonstrated that a high activity of Chit could have widespread effects on atherosclerosis , cardiovascular disease and dementia .
The 24 - bp duplication in the CHIT - 1 gene is associated with a deficiency in enzymatic activity .
In this study , we attempted to assess whether CHIT - 1 could be a plausible candidate gene responsible for human longevity .
Therefore , we compared the distribution of the CHIT - 1 polymorphism genotype in three different populations of the Mediterranean area ( Italian , Greek and Tunisian ) aged over 90 years .
As a control group for each nonagenarian and centenarian , a 60 - 70 - year - old subject was genotyped .
We found that the heterozygote frequency for the 24 - bp duplication in the CHIT - 1 gene was not significantly different among the oldest old subjects of Mediterranean populations , whereas it was significantly different between oldest old subjects and control subjects , being highest among the oldest old subjects and lowest among control groups .
In the oldest old group , no subject was observed to be homozygous for CHIT - 1 deficiency .
Moreover , the mean enzymatic activity in heterozygous oldest subjects was lower than that in the control group .
These data indicate that the heterozygosis for a 24 - bp duplication in the CHIT - 1 gene could have a protective effect in human longevity .
These are fairly typical of the type of associations being uncovered : fairly robust from a statistical perspective , with the putative benefit being small , or specific to narrow aspects of age - related disease or metabolism .
That second item , the CHIT - 1 gene , is unusual in its uniformity in the oldest subjects of the study .
So : yes , some people have better genes than others .
But go running or take up calorie restriction rather than dwell upon that fact .
You 'll end up ahead of the genetically superior couch potatoes of this world by taking that high road .
Malaguarnera L , Ohazuruike LN , Tsianaka C , Antic T , Di Rosa M , & Malaguarnera M ( 2009 ) .
Human chitotriosidase polymorphism is associated with human longevity in Mediterranean nonagenarians and centenarians .
Journal of human genetics PMID : 19881466
Photo : PDVos
In 1909 , British explorer Ernest Shackleton aborted an attempt to reach the south pole .
He abandoned two cases of scotch at base camp .
A century on , we 've found it .
Whyte & Mackay , the drinks group that now owns McKinlay and Co. , has asked for a sample of the 100 - year - old scotch for a series of tests that could decide whether to relaunch the now - defunct Scotch .
Workers from New Zealand 's Antarctic Heritage Trust will use special drills to reach the crates , frozen in Antarctic ice under the Nimrod Expedition hut near Cape Royds .
Thought discovered in 2006 , conservation guidelines impose strict rules on how the ice - embedded bottles may be recovered .
Whyte & Mackay 's master blender says it will taste extactly as it did 100 years ago .
Company Wants To Drill For Whiskey Lost In Antarctic [ CBS ]
Do you know what really happens to your electronics after you ’re done with them ?
If you send them to a recycling facility , there ’s a good chance that they ’ll actually end up in countries like China , India or Ghana , where local workers risk their health to scavenge valuable materials from the discarded objects .
The harmful waste resulting from these recycling centers often ends up in the local air and water stream , endangering the health of everyone in the vicinity .
It was only in 2001 that a light was first shone on these dangerous practices .
Jim Puckett of the Basel Action Network traced the path of “ recycled ” electronic waste – laptops , PCs , monitors , cell phones and TVs , for example – from North America to China , where workers make $ 6 - $ 8 a day handling toxic materials with no protective clothing or masks .
His video footage caught the attention of environmentalists around the world , but despite the outrage the practice still is n’t exactly illegal .
U.S. regulations concerning e-waste are murky at best , with no clear federal guidelines on how the e-waste should be handled .
The lack of clear regulations leaves it up to individual companies to decide how to deal with their old electronics .
Sadly , that means that many of them are shipped overseas where people , even young children , expose themselves to toxic substances to get at the small scraps of precious metals inside .
Recently , a research group from the University of British Columbia visited e-waste sites in Ghana and Guiyu , China .
Their findings were put together into the short documentary “ Ghana : Digital Dumping Ground ” which aired on PBS ( you can watch it online here ) .
The conditions at the e-waste dumps were deplorable .
Young boys burned plastic pieces to uncover the metal inside , while usable electronic parts were sold at open - air markets .
Among the parts available for purchase were hard drives with retrievable personal information still intact .
While it is certainly up to the consumer to erase their personal data from hard drives before disposing of it , it ’s easy to see why they believe that their information will not be compromised .
Many recyclers , such as those in the PBS video , promise that the electronics will be completely melted down and only the precious metal components salvaged .
However , as the researchers found , an alarming number of those recyclers pack the electronics into shipping containers and send them off to developing countries because it ’s simply cheaper and easier for them .
There are some reputable e-waste recyclers out there that have invested the time and money into developing a much more sustainable recycling program .
Unfortunately , because there are so few government regulations in the industry , it ’s up to the individual consumer to research the company they entrust their old electronics to .
Submitted by cpowell on Wed , 2009-10-28 23:40 .
From RIA - Novosti , Moscow
Wednesday , October 28 , 2009
http://en.rian.ru/business/20091028/156617011.html
ANKARA , Turkey --
Turkey is switching to national currencies in trade with Iran and China , ending dependence on the U.S. dollar and the euro for about 20 percent of its commodity turnover , local media reported on Wednesday .
Turkey has already switched to settlements in national currencies with Russia amid weakening confidence in the greenback as the world 's major reserve currency .
The move was initiated by Turkish President Abdullah Gul during his visit to Moscow in February .
Turkey 's decision to make settlements with Iran and China in national currencies was announced during a visit to Iran by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan .
The Turkish premier told a Turkish - Iranian business forum on Tuesday that the countries had prepared a legal framework for transition to settlements in national currencies .
" We have adopted a necessary legislative act and are prepared for the transition , " the Turkish newspaper Milliyet quoted Erdogan as saying .
According to the paper , Turkey 's trade with Russia , Iran , and China exceeds $ 65 billion a year .
Russia is Turkey 's largest trade partner , with $ 37.8 billion commodity turnover registered last year .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said on October 14 that Russia was ready to consider using the Russian and Chinese national currencies instead of the dollar in bilateral oil and gas dealings .
" We are ready to examine the possibility of selling energy resources for rubles , but our Chinese partners need rubles for that .
We are also ready to sell for yuans , " Putin said .
Britain's Independent newspaper reported in early October that Russian officials had held " secret meetings " with Arab states , China and France on ending the use of the U.S. dollar in international oil trade .
The countries are reportedly seeking to switch from the dollar to a basket of currencies including the euro , Japanese yen , Chinese yuan , gold , and a new unified currency of leading Arab oil producing countries .
The Independent said the meetings have been confirmed by Chinese and Arab banking sources , although Russian officials said they had no knowledge of the talks .
* * *
Join GATA here :
International Precious Metals and Commodities Show
Friday and Saturday , November 6 and 7 , 2009
Event Arena , Olympic Park
Munich , Germany
http://www.edelmetallmesse.com/en/index.php
* * *
Support GATA by purchasing a colorful GATA T - shirt :
http://gata.org/tshirts
Or a colorful poster of GATA 's full - page ad in The Wall Street Journal on January 31 , 2009 :
http://www.cartserver.com/sc/cart.cgi
Or a video disc of GATA 's 2005 Gold Rush 21 conference in the Yukon :
http://www.goldrush21.com/
* * *
Help keep GATA going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at :
http://www.gata.org
To contribute to GATA , please visit :
http://www.gata.org/node/16
CHAMBERSBURG —
They called themselves a Christian army , gathering Saturday to demand restoration of the Nativity scene to Chambersburg ’s public square .
Determined to “ proclaim ” more than protest , the demonstration was orderly bordering on solemn .
The group of old and young — some holding signs , one with a large plastic replica of Joseph and another dressed as a shepherd — marched quietly around the circular square surrounding Memorial Fountain , where the nearly life - size creche had been displayed for nearly 50 Christmas seasons .
The crowd ebbed and flowed , with estimates ranging from 100 people to organizers ’ claims of more than 200 .
The only sounds were car horns as passing motorists responded to the “ Honk for Jesus ” signs .
Then , they gathered before the Franklin County Courthouse steps , a gold - leaf adorned statue of Ben Franklin peering down from his perch atop the dome , to make their stand .
Lisa Blackstock of Mercersburg , who spearheaded the demonstration , saluted them as fellow soldiers of Christ and assured them they were at war .
The enemy was n't PA Nonbelievers Capital Area director Carl Silverman , who pressed the borough to allow a sign that read " Celebrating Solstice — Honoring Atheist War Veterans " to accompany the manger scene on the square .
And it was n't the Chambersburg Borough Council who voted unanimously last week to amend its policy and prohibit all displays at the fountain or risk opening the public venue to extreme requests , perhaps from Nazi groups .
No , Blackstock said , the enemy was no less than the devil himself .
“ There are only two choices — God and the devil , ” she said .
“ I was called to do this .
. .
I ’m a soldier in God ’s army .
If I was standing here by myself , God would be by my side and I would be in the majority . ”
Though jailbreaking an iPhone certainly opens up opportunities to add functionality that Apple does n't approve of , it can also make an iPhone less secure .
Several Dutch iPhone users found that out the hard way after a hacker attacked a number of vulnerable phones on T - mobile Netherlands and tried to extort �5 from them .
It appears one enterprising Dutch hacker used port scanning to identify jailbroken iPhones on T - mobile Netherlands with SSH running .
Enabling SSH is a common procedure for jailbroken iPhones , allowing a user to log in via Terminal and run standard UNIX commands .
Unfortunately , iPhones all have a default root password that many forget to change after jailbreaking , leaving their phone as vulnerable as a Lamborghini parked on a public street with the windows down , the doors unlocked , and the keys in the ignition .
The hacker relied on unchanged root passwords to hack into the phones .
He then sent what appears to be an SMS alert to the hacked phones ( in reality it 's a replaced wallpaper ) that read , " You iPhone 's been hacked because it 's really insecure !
Please visit doiop.com / iHacked and secure your iPhone right now !
Right now , I can access all your files . "
Going to the website directs the user to send � 5 to a PayPal account , after which the hacker will e-mail instructions to remove the hack — which most likely involve restoring the iPhone to factory settings .
The hacker does n't appear to have malicious intent , other than to glean some extra cash .
" If you do n't pay , it 's fine by me , " reads the page mentioned in the message to the hacked iPhone owners .
" But remember , the way I got access to your iPhone can be used by thousands of others — they can send text messages from your number ( like I did ) , use it to call or record your calls , and actually whatever they want , even use it for their hacking activities !
I can assure you , I have no intention of harming you or whatever , but , some hackers do !
It 's just my advice to secure your phone . "
An Ars reader familiar with computer security let us know that security researchers have done similar port scanning in the past , and downloaded users ' SMS databases as a " proof of concept . "
However , this is the first time that it seems the technique has been used in the wild .
It 's worth noting that the technique is fairly trivial and could be done by anyone with even a modicum of networking know - how .
The incident highlights the fact that jailbreaking removes the security mechanisms that Apple has in place for the iPhone OS — which are as much about securing the device against hackers as they are about preventing " unauthorized " applications .
If you do jailbreak , then the onus of security is on you , so be sure to change the root password to something other than the default .
You can also disable the SSH daemon when not in use to prevent this particular attack from happening to you .
UPDATE : It appears the young hacker has had a change of heart on the money issue , and posted instructions for undoing what he did to several Dutch iPhone users .
According to a commenter below , he has also apologized for asking for money and returned whatever ill - gotten gains he received from his stunt .
However , that does n't mean someone else could n't pull the same trick and just not tell you about it .
So for goodness sake , if you jailbreak and do things like leave an SSH daemon running , change the default passwords .
The Law Offices of Michael P. Burakoff , P.A. is a New Jersey law firm exclusively representing accident victims in their personal injury claims against the negligent person or entity responsible for causing them harm .
The firm ’s principal attorney , Michael P. Burakoff , has been helping injury victims in Morris County and surrounding areas for more than 40 years .
During that time , he has helped innumerable clients and achieved dozens of six and seven - figure recoveries through negotiations and trial for the most seriously injured .
You may not need that much compensation in your case , but it ’s good to know you ’ve got a lawyer capable of handling the most catastrophic injuries and complicated claims .
Due to his vast knowledge and experience in New Jersey personal injury law , Mr. Burakoff has been called upon to serve as a Superior Court arbitrator in automobile accidents and personal injury cases , and he also arbitrates uninsured motorist and underinsured motorist ( UM / UIM ) claims .
Earlier in his career , Mr. Burakoff was co-counsel for Essex County , Union County , and a dozen New Jersey municipalities in mass tort litigation against the lead paint industry .
No matter what type of injury you have suffered or who caused it , the Morristown personal injury attorneys at the Law Offices of Michael P. Burakoff , P.A. can advise you , guide you , and represent you to a successful outcome .
Personal Attention Focused on You and Your Family
The Law Offices of Michael P. Burakoff , P.A. is different from other New Jersey personal injury law firms in the level of attention we provide , not only to the injury victim but to the entire family of the victim .
We know that a personal injury is stressful for the whole family , and we understand how important family support is to individual healing and recovery .
We keep clients and their families informed and involved throughout their case .
Mr. Burakoff handles every critical aspect of the case personally and always returns calls promptly , typically on the same day .
Comprehensive Morristown Personal Injury Law Firm
Since 1976 , Michael P. Burakoff has been handling personal injury claims in Morris County and beyond .
We ’ve seen it all and done it all during that time , and we put that high level of experience to work for you in your case .
Call our Morristown personal injury attorney for help with any New Jersey personal injury matter , including all of the following .
Motor Vehicle Accidents –
We handle car , truck and motorcycle accidents , pedestrian and bicycle accidents , bus accidents , and much more .
We take on negligent drivers in distracted driving accidents , drunk driving accidents , UBER / Lyft accidents and just about any type of collision imaginable .
The insurance company will deny their driver was at fault , or they ’ll say you were to blame .
They ’ll also claim your injury is n’t serious to pay less or avoid liability .
We know how to prepare and present a strong case proving the other driver ’s liability to you .
Premises Liability – Our offices deal with slip and fall injuries in grocery stores , retail stores and parking lots , and government property .
We handle dog bite injuries , playground accidents , and negligent security in apartment buildings .
Property owners have a duty to maintain their premises in a reasonably safe condition , including inspecting the property and promptly fixing any hazards or putting up a warning .
They ’ll claim you were n’t looking where you were going , or they did n’t know about the danger .
We ’ll uncover the facts that prove they knew or should have known of the hazard yet failed to take appropriate action in time to avoid an accident .
Work Accidents –
We work with experienced workers ’ compensation attorneys to get you medical benefits and wage replacement after an on - the - job injury , and we pursue civil negligence claims against third parties in appropriate cases to get you the maximum compensation available .
Were you injured on the job as a police officer ?
Workers ’ comp may not be your only option .
We can help .
Construction Accidents – More workplace accidents happen on construction sites than anywhere else .
Owners and contractors are required to provide a safe working environment with appropriate equipment .
We hold them liable when they do n’t , as well as negligent third - parties who deliver materials or negligently conduct operations on the construction site .
Call us after a scaffolding or ladder accident , forklift or crane accident , trench or excavation accident , electrocution , toxic exposure or any other construction site injury .
Products Liability – Manufacturers are strictly liable for injuries if they let a dangerous or defective product get on the shelves .
We hold product makers liable for design defects , manufacturing defects and failure to warn .
Our firm also handles food poisoning cases from tainted or contaminated food products .
Medical Malpractice –
We hold doctors and hospitals to the standard required of the medical profession .
We handle claims of negligence or incompetence involved in surgery errors , birth injuries , misdiagnosis , medication errors and other medical mistakes .
Catastrophic Injuries –
The most severe accidents require the most skilled and dedicated lawyers to investigate and build a solid case proving liability and securing full and fair compensation .
Our offices handle cases involving traumatic brain injury , spinal cord injury , permanent disability and wrongful death .
We take on the most challenging accidents that cause catastrophic injuries , including airplane accidents and train accidents .
Bad Faith Insurance – Your insurance policy is a contract , and it comes with an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing .
It ’s reasonable to expect insurance companies to investigate claims and make sure they are only paying on valid claims and paying a fair amount , but when their investigations are done solely to deny a claim , that ’s bad faith .
We hold insurance companies to task for wrongful claim denials , unreasonable delays in processing claims , making unreasonable requests for documentation , offering an unreasonably low settlement amount , and other bad faith tactics .
Personal Injury FAQs
Q : How do I know if I have a personal injury case ?
A : First , you must have suffered an injury to your person or property .
Second , you should consider whether your injury was someone else ’s fault .
It is not always necessary to have a physical injury to bring a personal injury lawsuit — some personal injury claims can be based on a variety of nonphysical losses and harms .
In the case of an assault , for example , you do not need to show that a person ’s action caused you actual physical harm , but only that you expected some harm to come to you .
Similarly , you also may have a case if someone has caused injury to your reputation , invaded your privacy or intentionally inflicted emotional distress upon you .
Q : How soon after I am injured do I have to file a lawsuit ?
A : Every state has certain time limits , called “ statutes of limitations , ” which govern the amount of time you have to file a personal injury lawsuit .
If you miss the deadline for filing your case , you may lose your legal right to damages for your injury .
Consequently , it is important to contact a lawyer as soon as you suffer or discover an injury .
Q : What should I bring with me for my meeting with a lawyer ?
A : You should provide a lawyer with any documents that might be relevant to your case .
Police reports , for example , may contain eyewitness information and important details about the conditions surrounding the event from which your claim arises .
Copies of medical reports and bills from doctors and hospitals will help demonstrate the extent and nature of your injuries .
Information about the insurer of the person who caused your injury is extremely helpful , as are any photographs you have of the accident scene , damaged property and your injuries .
The more information you are able to give your lawyer , the easier it will be for him or her to determine if your claim will be successful .
If you have n’t collected any documents at the time of your first meeting , however , do n’t worry ; your lawyer will be able to obtain them in his investigation of your claim .
Q : What if a person dies before bringing a personal injury lawsuit ?
A : If a person injured in an accident subsequently dies because of those injuries , that person ’s heirs may be able to recover money through a wrongful death action .
Also , even if a person with a personal injury claim dies from unrelated causes ( someone who broke their arm in a car accident , then died after falling down a flight of stairs , for example ) , the personal injury claim survives in most cases and may be brought by the executor or personal representative of the deceased person ’s estate .
Q : What is negligence ?
A : The critical issue in many personal injury cases is just how a “ reasonable person ” was expected to act in the particular situation that caused the injury .
A person is negligent when he or she fails to act how an “ ordinary reasonable person ” would have acted .
The determination of whether a given person has met the “ ordinary reasonable person ” standard is often a matter that is resolved by a judge or jury after presentation of evidence and argument at trial .
Q : If I ca n’t prove someone ’s negligence caused my injury , is there any other basis for personal injury liability besides negligence ?
A : Yes .
Some persons or companies may be held “ strictly liable ” for certain activities that harm others , even if they have not acted negligently or with wrongful intent .
Under the theory of strict liability , a person injured by a defective or unexpectedly dangerous product , for instance , may recover compensation from the maker or seller of the product without showing that the manufacturer or seller was actually negligent .
Also , persons or companies engaged in using explosives , storing or transporting dangerous substances or keeping dangerous animals can be strictly liable for harm caused to others as a result of these activities .
Q : Will the person who caused my injury be punished ?
A : Not in the traditional sense of the word .
Defendants in personal injury cases do not receive jail terms or similar penalties as punishment ; those are reserved for the criminal justice system , and personal injury is a civil matter .
However , in some cases , juries and courts can award what are called “ punitive damages , ” which are designed to punish defendants who have behaved recklessly or intentionally against the public ’s interest .
The goal in ordering the payment of punitive damages is to discourage the defendants themselves and others from engaging in the same kind of harmful behavior in the future .
You can Afford High - Quality Legal Representation in a Morristown Personal Injury
At the Law Offices of Michael P. Burakoff , P.A. , we believe in justice for people who have been wronged by the negligence of another .
Obtaining justice requires that injury victims are able to have high - quality legal representation to get the best result , regardless of their ability to pay for a lawyer out of their own pocket .
That ’s why our Morristown personal injury attorneys operate on contingency fees .
We advance all the costs of your case , so you never have to pay out - of - pocket .
Our fees and costs come out of the settlement or judgment we obtain for you , and if we ca n’t recover any money for you , then we do n’t charge you any fee .
Call 973-455-1567 for a free consultation on your claim .
Weekend or evening appointments are available , and we can come to you if you ca n’t travel to our offices in Morristown , Newton or West New York .
Call today , and we ’ll get started right away , helping you and your family move forward with your lives after a serious personal injury accident .
IntoTheWow Profile Blog Joined May 2004 is awesome 31466 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-06 05:04:48 # 1
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=100718&db=issue&cate=&page=1&field=&kwrd=
" daniel lee retires from e-sports world and starts 2nd life as special financial consultant at an insurance company "
: O " daniel lee retires from e-sports world and starts 2nd life as special financial consultant at an insurance company " : O Moderator <:3-/-<
konadora Profile Blog Joined February 2009 Singapore 50092 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-06 04:29:05 # 2 yes
article was too long so i didnt translate @_@ POGGERS
snowbird Profile Blog Joined October 2005 Germany 1979 Posts # 3 On November 06 2009 13:28 konadora wrote :
yes
article was too long so i didnt translate @_@
same ^^
same ^^ @riotsnowbird
IntoTheWow Profile Blog Joined May 2004 is awesome 31466 Posts # 4 On November 06 2009 13:28 konadora wrote :
yes
article was too long so i didnt translate @_@
It 's ok , I translated it for you 8 ) It 's ok , I translated it for you 8 ) Moderator <:3-/-<
Air2gear Profile Blog Joined August 2009 172 Posts # 5
He was a cool guy though his commentary was mediocre at best .
konadora Profile Blog Joined February 2009 Singapore 50092 Posts # 6 On November 06 2009 13:30 IntoTheWow wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 06 2009 13:28 konadora wrote :
yes
article was too long so i didnt translate @_@
It 's ok , I translated it for you 8 ) It 's ok , I translated it for you 8 )
< 33 < 33 POGGERS
lokiM Profile Blog Joined June 2008 United States 3386 Posts # 7 I 'm going to miss him , SC would be really shitty in the foreign scene if it was n't for him You can't fight the feeling .
KPFgang
Muirhead Profile Blog Joined October 2007 United States 550 Posts # 8 Good like Daniel Lee !
The best ally foreigners ever had in Korea ...
starleague.mit.edu
selboN Profile Blog Joined January 2008 United States 2512 Posts # 9
This have anything with GOM not continuing ?
" That 's what happens when you 're using a mouse made out of glass ! " - Tasteless ( Referring to ZergBong )
XIII Profile Joined September 2005 483 Posts # 10 On November 06 2009 13:31 lokiM wrote :
I 'm going to miss him , SC would be really shitty in the foreign scene if it was n't for him
so true so true
Grobyc Profile Blog Joined June 2008 Canada 18409 Posts # 11 On November 06 2009 13:30 IntoTheWow wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 06 2009 13:28 konadora wrote :
yes
article was too long so i didnt translate @_@
It 's ok , I translated it for you 8 ) It 's ok , I translated it for you 8 )
o.o I didnt know you spoke korean ITW
thank you though o.o I didnt know you spoke korean ITWthank you though
If you watch Godzilla backwards it 's about a benevolent lizard who helps rebuild a city and then moonwalks into the ocean .
Mystlord Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 10257 Posts # 12
Well that sucks .
I salute you my good man !
It is impossible to be a citizen if you do n't make an effort to understand the most basic activities of your government .
It is very difficult to thrive in an increasingly competitive world if you 're a nation of doods .
Xiphos Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Canada 7500 Posts # 13 Man ..... now there will be no more talk about Monkey Milk ..... 2014 - ᕙ ( •̀ل͜•́ ) ϡ
Raise your bows brood warriors ! ᕙ( •̀ل͜•́ ) ϡ
EvilTeletubby Profile Blog Joined January 2004 Baltimore , USA 21796 Posts # 14 Moderator http://carbonleaf.yuku.com/topic/408/t/So-I-proposed-at-a-Carbon-Leaf-concert.html
***** RIP Geoff
Ilikestarcraft Profile Blog Joined November 2004 Korea ( South ) 17673 Posts # 15 On November 06 2009 13:30 IntoTheWow wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 06 2009 13:28 konadora wrote :
yes
article was too long so i didnt translate @_@
It 's ok , I translated it for you 8 ) It 's ok , I translated it for you 8 )
" Nana is a goddess .
Or at very least , Nana is my goddess . "
- KazeHydra
writer22816 Profile Blog Joined September 2008 United States 5065 Posts # 16 do you think he penetrated into a new career ?
8/4/12 never forget , never forgive .
Athos Profile Blog Joined February 2008 United States 2479 Posts # 17
He could write a book and call it :
From E - Sports to Esurance
Seriously I 'm going to miss this guy .
konadora Profile Blog Joined February 2009 Singapore 50092 Posts # 18 On November 06 2009 13:39 writer22816 wrote :
do you think he penetrated into a new career ?
ahahaha ahahaha POGGERS
Heyoka Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Temple of EE - Sama 22506 Posts # 19
Too bad , he seemed really enthusiastic about the " secret esports projects " he always mentioned
Best of luck to him !
@ RealHeyoka | DreamHack StarCrafty Man
omninmo Profile Blog Joined April 2008 2349 Posts # 20 Thanks for all the work and effort Mr Lee .
I will miss your commentaries and insight .
1 2 3 4 5 8 9 10 Next All
LIBERIA , Costa Rica — Franklin Chang
Diaz has great aspirations for his rocket : a mail - carrier for outer space , a garbage truck for orbital debris and , the ultimate goal , a shuttle to Mars .
The Costa Rica - born physicist speaks nonchalantly about the day humankind will have moved entirely to outer space , while our precious Earth becomes “ a protected park . ”
“ Our great grandchildren will always be able to come back [ to Earth ] from wherever they happen to live and see where their ancestors and culture came from , ” said the former NASA astronaut who is now president and CEO of the Ad Astra Rocket Company .
To many , it might sound a bit too Wall - E-esque to chew .
But Chang Diaz is already polishing off his space helmet .
And if he has his druthers , in this lifetime humans will start using his company ’s revolutionary rocket to scoot around the galaxy .
In the meantime , he says there are plenty of other practical uses for his plasma rocket .
The rocket , called the VASIMR for " variable specific impulse magnetoplasma rocket , " uses a high - power technology initially studied by NASA .
Propelled by an exhaust gas at temperatures close to that of the sun , the VASIMR would dramatically reduce the time it takes to travel from Earth to Mars , from about eight months to just 39 days .
The rocket could also cut the cost of space travel by more than half , transforming the aerospace business and clearing the way to exploration for more countries , such as his native Costa Rica .
This plasma - propelled VX - 200 is set to evolve into a rocket that could be used on the International Space Station .
( Alex Leff / GlobalPost )
In September , the rocket hit a milestone on Earth .
During a test , the engine cranked at just over 200 kilowatts , becoming the world 's most powerful electric rocket .
Following testing on Earth , Ad Astra is working with NASA on a space test date for a VASIMR aboard the International Space Station in 2013 .
Chang Diaz said his technology could eventually be used to help keep the space station in orbit .
The company plans to launch for commercial use in 2014 .
It sounds stranger than science fiction , but the aerospace field has taken note of this Costa Rican - American ’s work .
The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics recently named VASIMR among the top 10 emerging aerospace technologies of 2009 .
Before launching speedier Mars missions , Chang Diaz proposes some practical uses of the rocket closer to Earth .
It could , for example , act like a DHL in outer space , in which plasma - thrust crafts would transport packages , mainly fuel , to satellites or spaceships on the cheap — well , cheaper .
Shipments that today run to the tune of a billion dollars , according to the CEO , would cost half a billion on Ad Astra spacecrafts .
He mentioned another use that flies closer to the heart of his eco-friendly homeland .
These ships could start to clean up the clutter left by disused satellites .
“ The Earth has become virtually a beehive , ” Chang Diaz said .
“ The number of satellites orbiting the Earth , we ’re talking hundreds of thousands of these objects .
Some of them are just junk that ’s floating there simply because these satellites have run out of fuel and they just remain in orbit dead . ”
Dead space objects are crashing into each other , and our planet .
“ You think you ’re seeing these beautiful shooting stars , but they ’re just a piece of orbital debris that comes to Earth and burns up in the atmosphere , ” he said .
“ Our goal is to be able to have a garbage truck that will be picking up all of these objects at various orbits , obviously for a price , ” he said .
Ad Astra could toss the debris into an “ orbital graveyard , ” he added , “ or we could actually launch them to the sun and drive them to the sun , which is kind of the ultimate , cosmic dump . ”
Unlike conventional chemical rockets , this one turns argon into plasma , the fourth state of matter , found in such everyday occurrences as lightning , extremely hot flames , nebulas , the sun and other stars .
Naturally , it ’s too hot to handle — almost .
“ For those temperatures there are no known materials that can withstand those temperatures .
So we do n’t use materials , ” the former astronaut explained .
“ We use very exotic forces , which are created with very advanced magnetic generators , and create these invisible tubes , or ducts , in which we can put plasmas at those temperatures . ”
The man behind the machine
The name Franklin Chang Diaz may not ring a bell to most Americans , but back home , in Costa Rica , it carries star power .
No other Tico has visited space .
After joining NASA in 1980 , Chang Diaz flew on a space shuttle seven times .
He also served as director of NASA ’s Advanced Space Propulsion Laboratory before launching Ad Astra in 2005 .
Franklin Chang Diaz in front of his Ad Astra Co. 's VX - 200 rocket .
( Alex Leff / GlobalPost )
His success did n’t come easily .
Immigrating at 18 , in 1968 , Chang Diaz arrived in the United States at the height of a failing war in Vietnam and bitter race battles at home .
Although his part - Chinese ancestry provoked occasional teasing as a child in Costa Rica , he says it did n’t prepare him for the discrimination he witnessed later in the U.S .
But he also encountered a great American paradox .
“ While there was so much unrest , discrimination and social struggle in the United States , I also saw a country that had an innate ability to heal its own wounds , which is something that I do n’t see in other countries in Latin America , ” he said .
Chang Diaz said some of his opportunities for success came about thanks to the gains made by the civil rights movement .
After completing high school in Hartford , Conn. , he earned a mechanical engineering degree from the University of Connecticut and went to graduate school at MIT .
He received his Ph.D. in applied plasma physics in 1977 and become an American citizen that same year .
He travels back and forth between Ad Astra ’s labs in Texas and Costa Rica , but has a particular soft spot for the facility he set up in his home country .
“ It ’s a coming home ; it ’s a sense of having returned from a very long journey , ” he said of being able to build a rocket in the woods of Guanacaste .
With the help of his team of Tico scientists and engineers , the native son intends to put Costa Rica on the intergalactic map .
Costa Rica is poised to petition to become a member of the International Space Station , which is currently the province of wealthy nations .
Asked if his country will get the honor of hoisting the first developing country ’s flag in space , Chang Diaz said yes .
“ Part of the reason we have a chance is because we ’re developing a piece of technology that is going to be attached to the International Space Station , and it is going to be homegrown , here . ”
A clip of plasma diagnostics glowing red hot after measuring the plasma exhaust from the VX - 200 operating at full power inside of a vacuum chamber :
In June 2005 , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's meteoric rise from mayor of Tehran to president of one of the most influential countries in the Middle East took everyone by surprise .
One of the main reasons for the astonishment was that so little was known about him .
One recently published claim about his background comes from an article in the Daily Telegraph .
Entitled " Mahmoud Ahmadinejad revealed to have Jewish past " , it claims that his family converted to Islam after his birth .
The claim is based on a number of arguments , a key one being that his previous surname was Sabourjian which " derives from weaver of the sabour , the name for the Jewish tallit shawl in Persia " .
Professor David Yeroshalmi , author of The Jews of Iran in the 19th century and an expert on Iranian Jewish communities , disputes the validity of this argument .
" There is no such meaning for the word ' sabour ' in any of the Persian Jewish dialects , nor does it mean Jewish prayer shawl in Persian .
Also , the name Sabourjian is not a well - known Jewish name , " he stated in a recent interview .
In fact , Iranian Jews use the Hebrew word " tzitzit " to describe the Jewish prayer shawl .
Yeroshalmi , a scholar at Tel Aviv University 's Center for Iranian Studies , also went on to dispute the article 's findings that the " - jian " ending to the name specifically showed the family had been practising Jews .
" This ending is in no way sufficient to judge whether someone has a Jewish background .
Many Muslim surnames have the same ending , " he stated .
Upon closer inspection , a completely different interpretation of " Sabourjian " emerges .
According to Robert Tait , a Guardian correspondent who travelled to Ahmadinejad 's native village in 2005 , the name " derives from thread painter – sabor in Farsi – a once common and humble occupation in the carpet industry in Semnan province , where Aradan is situated " .
This is confirmed by Kasra Naji , who also wrote a biography of Ahmadinejad and met his family in his native village .
Carpet weaving or colouring carpet threads are not professions associated with Jews in Iran .
According to both Naji and Tait , Ahmadinejad 's father Ahmad was in fact a religious Shia , who taught the Quran before and after Ahmadinejad 's birth and their move to Tehran .
So religious was Ahmad Sabourjian that he bought a house near a Hosseinieh , a religious club that he frequented during the holy month of Moharram to mourn the martyrdom of Imam Hossein .
Moreover , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's mother is a Seyyede .
This is a title given to women whose family are believed to be direct bloodline descendants of Prophet Muhammad .
Male members are given the title of Seyyed , and include prominent figures such as Iran 's supreme leader Ali Khamenei .
In Judaism , this is equivalent to the Cohens , who are direct descendants of Aaron , the brother of Moses .
One has to be born into a Seyyed family : the title is never given to Muslims by birth , let alone converts .
This makes it impossible for Ahmadinejad 's mother to have been a Jew .
In fact , she was so proud of her lineage that everyone in her native village of Aradan referred to her by her Islamic title , Seyyede .
The reason that Ahmadinejad 's father changed his surname has more to do with the class struggle in Iran .
When it became mandatory to adopt surnames , many people from rural areas chose names that represented their professions or that of their ancestors .
This made them easily identifiable as townfolk .
In many cases they changed their surnames upon moving to Tehran , in order to avoid snobbery and discrimination from residents of the capital .
The Sabourjians were one of many such families .
Their surname was related to carpet - making , an industry that conjures up images of sweatshops .
They changed it to Ahmadinejad in order to help them fit in .
The new name was also chosen because it means from the race of Ahmad , one of the names given to Muhammad .
According to Ahmadinejad 's relatives the new name emphasised the family 's piety and their dedication to their religion and its founder .
This is something that the president and his relatives in Tehran and Aradan have maintained to the present day .
Not because they are trying to deny their past , but because they are proud of it .
James Watt said Tactical Nuclear Penguin would sell for £ 30
A controversial Scottish brewery has launched what it described as the world 's strongest beer - with a 32 % alcohol content .
Tactical Nuclear Penguin has been unveiled by BrewDog of Fraserburgh .
BrewDog was previously branded irresponsible for an 18.2 % beer called Tokyo , which it then followed with a low alcohol beer called Nanny State .
Managing director James
Watt said a limited supply of Tactical Nuclear Penguin would be sold for £ 30 each .
This is an extremely strong beer ; it should be enjoyed in small servings and with an air of aristocratic nonchalance
Tactical Nuclear Penguin label warning
He said : " This beer is about pushing the boundaries , it is about taking innovation in beer to a whole new level . "
Mr Watt added that a beer such as Tactical Nuclear Penguin should be drunk in " spirit sized measures " .
A warning on the label states : " This is an extremely strong beer ; it should be enjoyed in small servings and with an air of aristocratic nonchalance .
In exactly the same manner that you would enjoy a fine whisky , a Frank Zappa album or a visit from a friendly yet anxious ghost . "
However Jack Law , of Alcohol Focus Scotland , described it was a " cynical marketing ploy " and said : " We want to know why a brewer would produce a beer almost as strong as whisky . "
The beer has been launched on the day alcohol was at the top of the political agenda with the unveiling of the Scottish government 's Alcohol Bill including proposals for minimum pricing on drink .
Meanwhile , BrewDog 's plans for a new headquarters to produce millions of bottles of beer a year have been approved by Aberdeenshire Council .
The decision was taken at a full council meeting despite having been recommended for refusal by officers because the site at Potterton , near Aberdeen , is in the green belt .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gordon Brown lurched from being hailed as a global statesman to intense embarrassment tonight , after it emerged US President Barack Obama had turned down no fewer than five requests from Downing Street to hold a bilateral meeting at the United Nations in New York or at the G20 summit starting in Pittsburgh today .
The prime minister , eager to portray himself as a leading player on the international stage in America this week , was also forced to play down suggestions from inside his own party that he might step down early , either due to ill health or deteriorating eyesight .
There have been tensions between the White House and No 10 for weeks over Brown 's handling of the Scottish government 's decision to release the man convicted of the Lockerbie bombing , Abdelbaset al - Megrahi .
Brown 's efforts to secure a prestigious primetime slot for his keynote speech at the general assembly in New York were also thwarted when the Libyan leader , Colonel Gaddafi , delivered a 100 - minute speech to the UN , massively running over Brown 's 15 minute slot .
Brown had not only been seeking a bilateral meeting with Obama , but feelers were also sent out to hold a joint press conference , an event that would have boosted Brown 's efforts to offer himself as a linchpin of international diplomacy .
Government sources said that Britain even changed its policy on swine flu immunisation in Africa to match that of the Obama administration last week , in an attempt to rebuild relations .
No 10 denied there had been any hint of a snub , saying Obama and Brown had plenty of chances to talk as they sat next to one another at the summits .
They insisted they were working closely on issues such as future economic regulation , bankers ' bonuses , nuclear non-proliferation and climate change .
Brown himself insisted : " I do say that the special relationship is strong , it continues to strengthen . "
But Obama has held bilateral meetings in New York with the Chinese president , Hu Jintao , the Russian president , Dmitry Medvedev , and the new Japanese prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama .
News of the five spurned approaches compounded a miserable day for Brown at home which saw a parliamentary aide resign over the prime minister 's refusal to sack Lady Scotland , the attorney general , after she was fined £ 5,000 for employing an illegal immigrant , as well as a withering attack by the former home secretary Charles Clarke .
Stephen Hesford , Labour MP for Wirral West , told Brown in a resignation letter : " In my view , the facts of the case do not matter .
It is the principle which counts , particularly at a time when the public 's trust of Whitehall is uncertain to say the least .
We have to be seen to be accountable . "
Brown was also savaged by Charles Clarke , who told the Evening Standard that in his view Brown 's leadership risked letting " the whole Labour ship crash on to the rocks of May 2010 [ the expected date of the general election ] and sink for a very long time " .
He said he hoped rumours that Brown would quit would come true .
" I think his own dignity ought to look to that kind of solution . "
In two interviews , Brown was forced for the first time to field questions about his health .
" My sight is not at all deteriorating , " he told NBC .
Asked on BBC Radio 5
Live whether he might quit for health reasons , the prime minister replied : " I am healthy and I am very fit .
I run a lot to keep fit and I will continue to keep fit .
" I keep going .
I have got a job to do .
I have got work to do .
We have got to meet this challenge . "
In his own speech to the UN , Obama promised an end to the unilateralism marked by the previous Bush administration , an approach that saw US and Britain working in tandem .
In remarks that suggest Obama will focus on broadening American alliances across the globe , he said : " The time has come for the world to move in a new direction … a new era of engagement based on mutual interest and mutual respect . "
Last week , the White House had unusually briefed that Obama had told Brown in a phone conversation that he disapproved of the release of the Lockerbie bomber on compassionate grounds , something No 10 had not highlighted .
Megrahi was released on the basis that he had three months to live , and then received a hero 's welcome as he returned to Tripoli .
Brown had said he respected the release , but insisted undertakings by the Libyans that the return would be low - key had been broken .
In an attempt to distance himself from the Libyans , Brown moved to toughen his position against Colonel Gaddafi after Libya 's leader theatrically tore up the UN charter in his address .
Gaddafi said the security council should be renamed " the terror council " .
Brown countered in his speech in New York later : " I am here to reaffirm the UN charter , not to tear it up .
I call on everyone to support its universal principles . "
He urged world leaders to recognise that the next six months presented tests on climate change and terrorism that were as huge as the banking crisis .
On climate change he said : " If we miss this opportunity to protect our planet , we can not hope for a second chance some time in the future .
There will be no retrospective global agreement to undo the damage we have caused .
This is the moment now to limit and reverse climate change we are inflicting on future generations . "
He added : " If the poorest and most vulnerable are going to be able to adapt , if the emerging economies are going to embark on low - carbon development paths , if the forest nations are going to slow and stop deforestation , then the richer countries must contribute financially . "
No 10 again denied that the prime minister had been snubbed last night .
A spokesman said the stories were " without foundation .
As we have said throughout the week , the prime minister and President Obama are having a number of meetings throughout the week .
These included a wide - ranging discussion following last night 's climate change dinner .
They will also be co-chairing an important meeting on Thursday on Pakistan and the fight against terrorism .
As the prime minister has already said , there will be further meetings at the G20 summit in Pittsburgh . "
Please sign in Sign in
I think from the previous two lists it is obvious that I love conspiracy theories .
This contributed list looks at 10 more .
It includes two things we have previously discussed on the site but gives a much more indepth explanation for them .
The items are longer than usual but it is Sunday after all and the extra information is very interesting and worth keeping .
10 Merovingian President President Barack Hussein Obama II is a Merovingian and Worse
Go to any genealogy website and you can track down any family line that has been entered into the database .
Yours , Tom Cruise ’s , or Obama’s .
Some purport to show a logical progression of names from President Barack Obama to the Merovingian Dynasty of ancient France .
The Merovingian Dynasty was founded by Merovech , aka Merovius I ( 410-459 AD ) .
This line of royalty leads directly to the Carolingian Dynasty , founded by Charles “ the Hammer ” Martel , whose grandson was Charlemagne .
I will not bother with a detailed bloodline , according to any of these sites .
You can check them out .
The weak point of this theory is that most of the sites are user - created and –edited , like Wikipedia , which means you should take what you read with a grain of salt until you can corroborate it with another source , preferably a more reputable one .
But the strong point of the theory is extremely intriguing .
The fact is that Obama ’s bloodline is truly laid out , without any gaps , all the way back to Merovech .
Believers of this theory commonly believe the Jesus bloodline theory , which states that Jesus , through his daughter , leads directly to the Merovingian Dynasty , and from there to Obama .
It gets MUCH better .
From the Merovingian Dynasty , not only is a direct path traceable to Jesus , but all the way back to Adam and Eve , but by a different line : this site has some very thorough databases , even if they might contain some errors , which trace Merovech directly back to High King Priam of Troy ( the one from Homer ’s Iliad ) , and from Priam to Judah , son of Jacob , son of Isaac , son of Abraham .
And from Abraham to Adam .
Some believers of this conspiracy theory believe that this strengthens the possibility that President Obama is Satan or the Antichrist .
In this context , according to the theory , the Priory of Sion ( which actually does n’t exist except in Dan Brown ’s imagination – see here , item 6 ) , of which you are sure to have heard , has bribed , cajoled , assassinated minor figures , including JFK , Jr. , coerced , threatened , framed , including Ted Kennedy , by means of the Chappaquiddick incident , and blackmailed various political figures throughout the last third of the 20th Century , all in order to set up the Presidential reign of Barack Obama .
But why ?
The Priory of Sion is said to be the official guard of the truth about the Jesus bloodline .
Well , they also believe in the Revelation ’s depiction of the End Days , in which case , hastening the Antichrist ’s reign will hasten the ( more or less ) happy ending .
9 The Dulce Base , New Mexico
This one has a lot in common with the Montauk Project , and I would not have known to include it , had someone not drawn it to my attention .
There is a top - secret military Air Force base built under Mount Archuleta , a mesa , northwest of the town of Dulce , New Mexico , which has , since as early as 1969 , been conducting genetic research of a horrific nature .
The area around the town is notorious for cattle mutilations , and many of the residents , and conspiracy theorists , believe that extra-terrestrials are frequently present in the area for a very frightening reason .
They are working in cooperation with the U. S. government to create a race of hybrid human - animal monsters , for use as weapons in war .
This raises the question , are they currently being employed in Iraq or Afghanistan ?
No sightings have been published .
But the livestock known to have been mutilated since the 1970s are primarily cows , bulls , and horses .
This means that the underground facility is creating centaurs , minotaurs , and possibly other hybrids .
But based on the state of the cattle carcasses that have been found on the sides of highways , and in fields , over the years , these hybrids must be monstrously horrible , gory , stitched together like something out of “ Frankenstein . ”
The theory states that the base has several levels .
No one knows how many , but either the 6th or 7th level is where the very worst , freakish experiments in genetic manipulation and mutation are carried out , primarily by the aliens , as the humans are in charge of the upper half or so of the base .
This extra-terrestrial - controlled level is nicknamed “ Nightmare Hall . ”
The whole base was initiated by the CIA , first as an investigation into the UFO sightings so prevalent in the area .
When the CIA discovered that aliens are really here , and mutilating cattle to study them , the CIA brokered a treaty of some sort between them and us , whereby we will work together in peace and learn from each other , at the expense of the poor cattle , and whatever humans are caught up as guinea pigs .
The theory claims these are most likely people who will not be missed : vagabonds , street scum , homeless children , etc .
There are plenty of witness accounts and photographs documenting strange lights in the night sky around Dulce , as well as many daytime sightings of the infamous “ Black Helicopters ” swarming around Mount Archuleta .
The theory dates from the 1980s , and a single source , Paul Bennewitz , who claimed to work at the base as a physicist , until he discovered the horrors of Nightmare Hall .
He then resigned , and the CIA did not brainwash him , evidently expecting that no one would believe such a fantastic story .
Bennewitz died in 2005 .
Theorists claim he was quietly assassinated .
It is a fact , however , that the CIA and Air Force conducted an elaborate smear campaign to discredit Bennewitz as a deranged lunatic , and they forced him to go to mental hospitals at least three times .
This seems to imply that they are apprehensive about what Bennewitz had to say .
In the late 1980s , Bennewitz provided aerial photographs to New Mexican newspapers of what he claimed was an alien aircraft that crashed near the alleged Dulce Base .
An alien craft was never found at the suspected crash site .
Investigators did find evidence that something crashed in the area , but they were never able , or never chose , to confirm the story by Bennewitz .
The photos he took have notes attached to them in his handwriting , claiming that certain objects in the photos are extra-terrestrial beings , and aircraft wreckage .
These objects are difficult to view and do not provide enough detail to verify or deny the story .
8 The Majestic Twelve
In 1947 , President Harry Truman supposedly gave an order for a secret committee of world - renowned scientists , generals , and politicians — 12 people — to investigate the Roswell Incident .
The committee concluded that the Incident truly was an extra- terrestrial spacecraft , which crash - landed , killing all occupants , typically numbered at 3 or 4 .
M - 12 , for short , suggested an executive order to create a military installation solely to contain and study the aliens and their spacecraft , thus resulting in Area 51 .
Plenty of images of government correspondence relating directly to this organization are circulating the Internet , including the famous 1947 letter from President Truman , authorizing the CIA to create M - 12 .
Skeptics argue that the letter is utterly forged .
This theory is based primarily on such documentation , all of which may be forged , or non-existent , beginning in 1978 .
One excerpt :
“ The official US Government policy and results of Project Aquarius is [ sic ] still classified TOP SECRET with no dissemination outside channels and with access restricted to ‘ MJ TWELVE . ’ ”
The most convincing evidence , however , believed even by many skeptics to be authentic , is a document currently housed in the National Archives in Washington , D. C. , which is headed : “ Memorandum for General Twining , from Robert Cutler , Special Assistant to the President , Subject : “ NSC / MJ - 12 Special Studies Project . ” “ NSC ” stands for National Security Council .
MJ - 12 has made it into popular sci- fi culture , including “ The X - Files , ” and is usually imagined as a round - table discussion of twelve experts in what to do concerning the proof of the existence of extra- terrestrials , primarily how to keep the public in the dark .
People accused of being members of MJ - 12 , at one time or another , include Albert Einstein , Robert Oppenheimer , Robert Cutler , Omond Solandt , Robert Sarbacher , John von Neumann ( directly involved with the Philadelphia Experiment ) , Karl Compton , General Nathan Twining and Eric Walker .
7 The Bible Code
This theory claims that there are warnings encoded in the Judeo - Christian Bible , which concern future catastrophes , including the assassinations of Lincoln and JFK , 9/11 , the end of the world , the identity of the Antichrist , the location from which the Antichrist will rise to prominence , etc .
The code is based on equidistant letters in the Hebrew translation of the Old and the Koine Greek translation of the New Testaments .
The most impressive support for it is that the Bible Code was suggested by Sir Isaac Newton himself .
He hypothesized the equidistant letters , and attempted to decipher some prophecies using the Hebrew Bible , but had to begin at random places throughout the book .
But the letters have proven to be encoded so far apart that Newton could not decipher any meaningful messages .
Newton was not the first .
No history of the code has been found prior to Bachya ben Asher , a 1200s Spanish rabbi , who came up with one 4 - letter example , which stated the zero point of the Hebrew calendar .
Aside from that example , there are almost no known decryptions of biblical text before the mid-20th Century .
Newton gave up , and the theory dwindled until the advent of the supercomputer .
Computers can decipher the messages using brute force , and it is a fact that messages exist in random places , using random letter distances , throughout the Bible .
Skeptics cannot deny this , but that have denied that the messages mean anything relevant to reality .
The sheer presence of even one of these coded messages seems to prove that the theory is sound , but no good conspiracy theory is ever proved or disproved so easily .
There are documented decryptions of very detailed 9/11 prophecies , including phrases such as “ twin towers , ” “ destroyed , ” “ airplanes , ” “ two , ” “ bin Laden , ” “ al - Qaeda , ” “ Pentagon , ” even “ Shanksville , ” and the exact date , “ 11 September 2001 . ”
Rumors that the times , to the minute , of the airplanes ’ impact into the WTC are so far unsubstantiated .
But there are similarly detailed decryptions of Lincoln ’s and JFK ’s assassinations , including Booth and Oswald , respectively , the locations , “ gunshot , ” “ from above , ” and even “ conspiracy . ”
The primary criticism of the Bible Code ’s authenticity is the fact that no future events have so far been decrypted , thus leading to an attempted prevention .
The argument against this is that no one would have known to look for 9/11 prophecies without knowing it would occur .
But the most damning criticism is the argument that the Bible Code is an excellent example of “ information theory , ” which states that if a brute force search is performed on a finite grid of letters , sooner or later , it will turn up patterns that spell out information .
This was tested on Moby Dick , chosen at random , which succeeded in prophesying the assassinations of both Yitzhak Rabin and Anwar al Sadat .
Believers of the conspiracy theory argue that brute force will turn up information , but that the probability that this information , in so small a space , would be patterned into any meaningful context is just too minute .
The Moby Dick example has thus been criticized as not being as detailed as any of the Bible Code decryptions , and this is true .
If the Bible Code is ever proved to be true , believers declare , it will prove the existence of the Judeo - Christian God , as no committee of humans could perform such a literary feat .
6 Tesla ’s “ Earthquake Machine ”
This one is based on concrete fact .
Tesla did patent and invent a device he called an “ electromechanical oscillator . ”
He hypothesized that , as all material in the Universe possesses a “ resonance frequency ” unique to itself , this property can be manipulated .
His device was meant to produce a mechanical resonance matching that of any object .
The events surrounding this invention are legendary among conspiracy theorists .
Tesla built a laboratory at 46 East Houston St. , in Manhattan , and one day while experimenting with his mechanical oscillator , he allegedly matched it to the resonance frequency of the building he was in .
All the nearby buildings were made of the same materials , mostly brick and wood , and much less sturdy than modern steel and concrete structures .
The machine got stuck in the On position , and while he tried to turn it off , the buildings all around 46 E. Houston began to shake , more and more violently , until residents called the police to report an earthquake .
Some were near enough to hear the machine and tracked down its bass , vibrating noise to a room , kicked in the door , and found Tesla banging away at the machine with a sledgehammer , frantically trying to destroy it .
He succeeded just as they reached him , the noise stopped , the shaking stopped , and the buildings stilled .
The machine had yet to cause damage to any of them , but Tesla wrote letters to various business interests declaring that had he left it on for another minute or so , the walls would have started to crack , and the buildings would have collapsed .
This anecdote may not be true .
Tesla claims it to be in writings , but skeptics doubt whether he was telling the truth , or whether the writings are forgeries .
This conspiracy theory became so prominent that it made it onto an episode of “ Mythbusters . ”
The machine was built according to Tesla ’s specifications , switched on and used to try to bring down a bridge .
The mechanical resonance theory proved true : an “ I ” beam began to oscillate until it was waving like a pendulum , 16 feet with each oscillation , but the bridge did not appear to weaken or shake violently , and no damage was reported .
But the experiment failed to consider the building materials of Tesla ’s day .
This theory has a magnificent corroboration in the destruction of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge , in 1940 .
It was filmed and well documented by many witnesses , that on November 7 , the Bridge began to wave and sway so violently that it resembled the slithering of a snake .
No vibrating sound was heard , and the wind was blamed by scientists for blowing over and under the Bridge at the Bridge ’s precise mechanical resonance .
What happened is legendary : the film of the Bridge collapsing can be found on YouTube , among other websites .
The whole structure snapped apart and plummeted in pieces into Puget Sound .
Architects and engineers are taught this lesson around the world , now .
Conspiracy theorists have also questioned whether the Mythbusters show designed the device correctly .
The fact that no one is busy building the device and using it for the purpose of terrorism is cause to believe that although the patent exists , and there are schematics available for free on the Internet , the U. S. government must have hoarded Tesla ’s invention at his death , when the FBI broke into his NY apartment and stole all his work from his safe .
This is true , and the FBI still refuses to publish any of these works .
The electromechanical oscillator is sure to be among them .
5 Ineligible President President Obama is Ineligible for the Presidency
This apparently started as Republican / Conservative petulance , once it appeared that Obama might actually win the Presidency .
Thus , it came across as a smear campaign trying to discredit him .
But now that he is in the Oval Office for the duration , the theory still has n’t gone away , and even former skeptics and Independent Party members have joined the accusation that Obama is not a natural - born American citizen .
The Constitution is clear that no one may be elected President of the United States America who is not born in one of those states .
Obama ’s birth is officially credited as occurring at Kapi’olani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital in Honolulu , Hawaii .
This qualifies as a natural born citizen , but the theory claims that his mother , Stanley Ann Dunham , a white woman from Wichita , Kansas , was actually born to a British father , who was not an American citizen , and that her birth occurred somewhere in eastern , sub -Saharan Africa , probably Kenya , Tanzania , or South Africa .
S. Ann Dunham never applied for American citizenship , the theory continues , but grew up in Kansas , California , Texas , and other places , gave birth to Obama in either Kenya or Tanzania , and died in Honolulu , in 1995 .
If these details of her birth , and Obama ’s birth , are true , he is not a natural - born American citizen .
Dunham had a Ph.D. in Anthropology , and characteristically traveled the world studying various cultures .
The most convincing evidence that there is , at least , something worth investigating on this subject is the absence of Obama ’s true , official birth certificate .
A copy of it should be on file in the Honolulu hospital , another via Honolulu ’s City Hall .
There should certainly be a third copy somewhere in Washington , D. C. , but the theory states that the only one that has turned up is currently in the Honolulu hospital , and is a forgery .
It is true that the other two hardcopies , and any others that should be floating around , are nowhere to be found .
It is easy to Google an image of it , but the theory claims these images are all copies of the one in the Honolulu hospital .
4 The Vatican Secret Archives
Virtually all Roman Catholic conspiracy theories connect to the Vatican ’s Secret Archives .
The archives are housed in a section of the Vatican Library , adjacent to the Vatican Museum , at the northern boundary of Vatican City .
The Archives have their own website , operated by the Vatican , which states that the documents housed inside pertain to such boring matters as papal expenditure accounts , state correspondence , individual correspondence , including original letters written by Michelangelo Buonarroti to Pope Julius II and other Catholic authorities .
The conspiracy theory , however , is interested in more mysterious matters .
Given that the Archives are estimated to house 53 miles of books , there are sure to be some intriguing finds inside .
But why would an institution as powerful as the Roman Catholic Church feel the need to keep these documents secret ?
Are they afraid of what might happen if the public should learn of certain information ?
That is what the conspiracy theorists believe .
Some of the more broadly sweeping theories claim documentation of the Jesus bloodline ; secular historical proof of Jesus ’s existence , in the form of correspondence between Saint Paul and Emperor Nero ; secular historical proof via the same correspondence that Jesus did not exist ; contemporary depictions of Jesus ( that is to say , formal portraits of Jesus made by people who actually saw and depicted him in real life , whereas the earliest known depictions of Jesus , which clearly intended to represent him directly , date from the late 2nd Century AD ) .
This line of the theory can go on ad infinitum , and has accused the Church of hiding proof in the Archives of the existence of various Biblical relics , either the relics themselves , or reliable documentation as to their whereabouts , including the Ark of the Covenant , the Holy Grail , the True Cross , the truth about the Shroud of Turin , and many others .
Absolutely no one is allowed into the Archives , not even Cardinals .
It is not well explained , on the Archives ’ website , whether the Pope is allowed to go in or not .
Anyone who wants to see a document from the Archives must ask in advance , and thus , must know in advance if such a document even exists .
The only four people on earth known to have access to the Archives are Cardinals Raffaele Farina ( the Archivist , or Librarian ) , Jorge Maria Mejia and Luigi Poggi ( Archivists Emeriti ) , and Prefect of the Secret Archives Sergio Pagano .
There is only one entrance into the Archives : from the main library , go by way of Porta Angelica , through Porta di Santa Anna .
The Vatican Swiss Guard patrols this entrance at all times .
It should be noted that contrary to the beliefs of those who hold to this theory , the documents in the Vatican archives which relate to Popes who reigned 75 years earlier are made available to the public .
This most recently happened in 2006 when Pope Benedict XVI gave permission for the viewing of all documents relating to the reign of Pope Pius XI .
This theory is likely to gain in popularity with the release of yet another completely erroneous film based on the book Angels and Demons by Dan Brown .
3 Mount Yamantaw
Mount Yamantaw is , at 5,381 feet , the tallest mountain in Russia ’s southern Ural range .
The U. S. government is on record as stating that it strongly believes in the existence of a massive stockpile of nuclear weapons hidden in this mountain .
The Russians have built two “ closed cities , ” or permanent military installations with civilian populations , all of which are employed in work of a nuclear nature ( similar to the Manhattan Project ) , just southeast of the mountain .
You can find all of this on Google Earth .
The cities are named Beloretsk - 15 and 16 , and are believed to be built on top of a massive underground facility , which houses thousands of nuclear warheads .
Russia has been questioned about this repeatedly by the U. S. government , and its explanations are absurdly inconsistent .
Russia has , in various instances , said that it is a mining site , a repository for Russian treasures , a food storage area , and a bunker for leaders in case of nuclear war .
Any of these is believable .
Why have n’t they picked one and stuck to it ?
On a diplomatic trip to Russia , former Congressman Curt Weldon ( R - PA ) asked about the mountain .
“ I went to Moscow and spoke with the deputy interior minister who was in charge of mining .
I asked him if there was any mining activity there .
He just shook his head and said he had never heard of it .
So I mentioned the other name the Russians use for it : Mezhgorye .
He said he had n’t heard of that either .
Then he sent an aide out to check .
Twenty minutes later , the aide came back , visibly shaken .
He said they could n’t say anything about it . ”
The conspiracy theory goes further , claiming that not only is the mountain hiding a stockpile of nukes , but that some or all of these nukes are connected to a gigantic supercomputer which cannot be turned off or altered in any way by anyone .
The computer is programmed to detonate the nukes if it detects any nuclear warhead striking anywhere in Russia .
These nukes have been surrounded by an extremely poisonous isotope of cobalt , rendering them a colossal “ dirty bomb . ”
The radioactive cloud would encircle Earth and blanket all land vegetation with radioactive cobalt , which would immediately kill all plant life , without which all animal life would die within a few months .
This is popularly known as “ the Doomsday Device . ”
If you ’ve seen the film “ Dr. Strangelove , ” you ’re familiar with it .
The scariest part of this theory is that the blanketing of any plant life with radioactive cobalt would truly kill the plant life , in which case it is feasible for the human race to destroy all land life .
It is not known what would happen to ocean life , but it would probably be fairly unaffected .
This does not mean that the human race can destroy the world .
Earth will still be here .
And given enough time , life would resume .
But the Doomsday Device is feasible , very easy , in fact , to manufacture .
2 Tesla ’s “ Death Ray ”
It is not known whether Tesla ’s most infamous invention has ever been invented .
But the FBI may have the ability to invent it at anytime .
Tesla believed strongly that it would do what he said .
In 1957 , the National Inventors Council did , in fact , issue a request for a death ray to be invented , for use as a weapon .
Tesla was already dead ( maybe ) , but he had made outrageous claims about the abilities of such a weapon .
He claimed that the idea of one is not so far - fetched , as it is merely a matter of controlling a bolt of lightning .
Tesla wrote a letter , dated 29 November 1934 , to J. P. Morgan ’s son , seeking financial backing for a revolutionary invention .
“ I have made recent discoveries of inestimable value .
… The flying machine has completely demoralized the world , so much that in some cities , as London and Paris , people are in mortal fear from aerial bombing .
The new means I have perfected afford absolute protection against this and other forms of attack . …
These new discoveries , which I have carried out experimentally on a limited scale , have created a profound impression .
One of the most pressing problems seems to be the protection of London and I am writing to some influential friends in England hoping that my plan will be adopted without delay .
The Russians are very anxious to render their borders safe against Japanese invasion and I have made them a proposal which is being seriously considered . ”
Elsewhere , he wrote , “ My invention requires a large plant , but once it is established it will be possible to destroy anything , men or machines , approaching within a radius of 200 miles .
It will , so to speak , provide a wall of power offering an insuperable obstacle against any effective aggression . ”
Unfortunately , no national military bought his plan .
It seemed too much like science fiction .
It still seems so , really , and became a popular sci - fi comic book plot device .
Tesla continued working on the invention to his death , upon which the FBI broke into his home and stole all his documents from his safe .
They could n’t find his key , so they had to blowtorch the door off .
Someone must have been very interested in the papers inside .
These papers are known to have contained schematics for inventions , patents , etc. , as this was Tesla ’s work procedure .
J. Edgar Hoover , the FBI head at the time , is on record as saying , “ that Serb is the most dangerous genius I ’ve ever heard of . ”
The FBI refuses to release any of Tesla ’s papers to the public .
But many conspiracy theorists believe that his death ray has already been invented and is currently being implemented .
On another list of conspiracy theories , one entry is of HAARP .
This is claimed by many to be a particle beam weapon , using the same technology Tesla dreamed up and wrote about .
The theorists even argue that HAARP caused the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami , either by accident , or to hide something .
1 December 21 , 2012 The End of the World
This one is becoming very popular via the Internet , and certainly seems alarming .
There have been several TV programs devoted to it , and all the paranoia centers around “ the Mayan Long Count Calendar . ”
This calendar is one of the most accurate ever devised , much more accurate than the Julian calendar , which all of Europe used until 1582 .
The Julian was revised to account for Leap Years , and became the Gregorian calendar , which most of the world uses today .
The Mayan Long Count , however , was invented , or so scholars believe , on August 11 , 3114 BC , in Gregorian terms .
It is based on the movement of the earth and sun , relative to the Milky Way galaxy .
Thus it is extremely accurate .
A very impressive feat , too .
But according to it , we are currently living in the fourth age .
And the numbers of the Long Count calendar are about to reset .
They will do so on December 21 , 2012 , the winter solstice in the Northern Hemisphere .
The previous age ended on a long count of 12.19.19.17.19 .
Another 12.19.19.17.19 will occur on December 20 , 2012 , followed by the start of the fourteenth b’ak ’tun , 13.0.0.0.0 , on December 21 , 2012 .
Conspiracy theorists are burning up the Internet claiming that this means the world will end .
Their proof lies in the “ Popol Vuh , ” a Mayan book which compiles creation accounts known to the K’iche ’ Maya people , and which states that this fourth age is the gods ’ first successful attempt to create humans , after 3 failed attempts .
Thus , the world as the Mayans viewed it , and as we live in it , is perfect , and there need not be a fifth age .
Given that they based their calendar on geometry involving the sun and the Milky Way , they must have seen some catastrophic end coming for Earth .
This means an asteroid or meteor or comet , which is destined to strike Earth and wipe everything out on December 21 , 2012 .
This is no immature claim .
NASA is grossly outmatched by the night sky .
All the foreign bodies floating around out there that have been sighted have been confirmed as no threat .
But NASA calculates this is as a percentage so small , compared to the rest which we do n’t know about , that the percentage is practically meaningless .
It is 10 to an extremely negative exponent .
There are many potential Earth impactors out there that no one has seen or knows about .
Any one of them could have our name on it .
Or what about a massive solar flare ?
NASA expects a solar maximum from 2010 to 2012 , a time during which the sun ’s activity will be very busy .
Flares are absolutely impossible to anticipate .
They are bursts of light and heat , and thus cannot be seen before they arrive , because they travel at the speed of light .
We will have no warning until we are walking outside and the sky explodes into brilliant light .
And then Earth and everything on it and in it will be incinerated .
Gamma radiation will penetrate to a mile in the crust and irradiate anything trying to hide .
There is also a theory amongst fundamentalist Christians which combines the Mayan Long Count with the “ rapture ” .
According to the rapture theory ( invented in the 1700s by protestant fundamentalist Cotton Matther who started the Salem witch trial hysteria ) , Christians are spared the Tribulation .
But the Tribulation will last for 7 years , after half of which the Antichrist will rise to absolute power , and 3.5 years later , Jesus will return with all the dead who died in him , and the battle of Armageddon begins .
This means that if the Mayan Long Count is correct , then December 21 , 2012 marks the beginning of the first or second half of the Tribulation .
If it is the first , then anyone who believes he or she will be raptured up to heaven has a little more than 3 years left to pack a suitcase .
If , however , December 21 , 2012 marks the beginning of the second half of the Tribulation , when God wreaks all the really terrible stuff upon the earth , then those , who believe they will be raptured , will be raptured less than three months from the time this list is posted .
" The point of my column - which , I wonder how many of the people complaining have fully read - was to suggest that , in my honest opinion , his death raises many unanswered questions .
That was all . "
It seems unlikely to me that what took place in the hours immediately preceding Gately ’s death - out all evening at a nightclub , taking illegal substances , bringing a stranger back to the flat , getting intimate with that stranger - did not have a bearing on his death .
In writing that ‘ it strikes another blow to the happy - ever - after myth of civil partnerships ’
I was suggesting that civil partnerships - the introduction of which I am on the record in supporting - have proved just to be as problematic as marriages .
In what is clearly a heavily orchestrated internet campaign I think it is mischievous in the extreme to suggest that my article has homophobic and bigoted undertones .
Scenes from today ’s debate that you really just have to see .
Video after the jump .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) When is Alzheimer`s DiseaseAlzheimer`s Disease ?
When it`s actually caused by undiagnosed Vitamin B12 deficiency .
This frequent occurrence is a tragedy in our society where growing numbers of those with Alzheimer`s Disease are diagnosed every year .
Despite havingsymptoms in many cases , vitamin B12 deficiency is almostconsidered as a possible cause .
Alzheimer`s Disease is a growing personal and family problem as well as afinancial burden for society .
And with over 4 million people in the US alone who have been diagnosed with this ' incurable ' disease , Alzheimer`s Disease is becoming an ever growing crisis .
Governments around the world are attempting to combat this problem by spending millions of dollars every year on research for drugs , stem cell treatment , genetic manipulation and pharmaceuticals - yet nothing has been found to effectively stop or slow its insidious spread .
However , doctors in clinical practice are completely overlooking acause of this problem that could stop the disease in its tracks .
The scientific evidence isthat the symptoms of Alzheimer`s Disease could beimproved in many cases if a trial of high dose vitamin B12 were instituted soon after diagnosis .
`Dementia Associated With Vitamin B12
Deficiency / Vitamin B12 deficiency , also called cobalamin deficiency , becomes more and more common as people get older and some researchers estimate that over 800,000 elderly in the US have undiagnosed deficiency .
Yet because few clinicians are trained to look for its symptoms , many elderly whobe screened for this simple vitamin deficiency are , instead , diagnosed with `incurable` neurologic diseases .
These mental changes from vitamin B12 deficiency were first described as far back as 1902 , with much research having been done since that time .
Many times , these changes are accompanied by lesions and degeneration of the brain and spinal cord on medical imaging that doctors use as evidence of thenature of this disease .
Astoundingly , when these degenerative changes are caused by Vitamin B12 Deficiency , they are actuallyif high dose therapy is started soon after diagnosis !
`Dementia and vitamin B12 deficiency
`Not only is medical imaging worthless in determining which cases will benefit from Vitamin B12 therapy , but blood testing has little value either .
Since the 1950's , several studies have shown that cases of dementia that respond well to vitamin B12 therapy often have completely normal Vitamin B12 blood tests .
Yet 50 years later , doctors still relyon blood testing and medical imaging to determine the need for Vitamin B12 therapy .
These studies are clearly showing that a trial regimen of high dose vitamin B12 is absolutely warranted with cases of new onset dementia regardless of the results of medical testing .
Yet modern medicine is simplypaying attention , and this extraordinarily safe therapy that costs less than $ 100 is virtuallyinstituted .
As a result , Alzheimer`s patients whohave benefited if B12 therapy were instituted soon after diagnosis are left with no memory and no hope .
Resources :1 ) http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/pagerender....
2 ) http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/picrender.f...
3 ) http://www.easy-immune-health.com/mental-cha... is a Registered Nurse and Functional Medicine Practitioner .
With over 14 years of experience in health care , she has the unique perspective of being solidly grounded in Conventional Medicine and being well versed in Alternative Medicine .
She can help you to to find and repair theof illness using cutting edge in home lab testing that finds nutritional deficiencies , hidden infections and chemical and metal toxicities that contribute to ill health .
She can be reached through her websites at :
" Atheists : if you do n't believe in the supernatural , then how is it that you get scared watching horror flicks ? "
Intentional suspension of disbelief , and the fact that the mind is powerful .
Even atheists can be irrational about other things .
" if you can believe for a split second that the monster on the projection screen is real , I can make you believe in God . "
No you can't .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , November 2 , 2009
The U.S. government has appointed what the media is ludicrously billing as an “ independent ” group of health advisors whose job it will be to whitewash adverse reactions to the swine flu vaccine and “ explain ” them to the public as mere coincidence .
Authorities have been busier honing their propaganda about the H1N1 inoculation program than they have dealing with the actual rollout of the vaccine .
A $ 16 million dollar campaign to coerce Americans into taking the shot is falling flat on its face with increasing numbers rejecting the necessity to take the shot amidst concerns about its side - effects .
Health authorities have been desperately pushing the notion that the vaccine is safe as part of a gargantuan PR campaign , without explaining why well - connected members of the elite have had special access to an additive - free version of the shot that does n’t contain ingredients like mercury and squalene that are contained in the public version .
As a result of the dangers of the H1N1 vaccine becoming widely known , authorities are moving to get out ahead of the story by acknowledging that millions of health problems in the aftermath of a vaccination campaign will be blamed on the vaccine , citing the 1976 swine flu debacle when the shot proved far deadlier than the actual virus .
Back In September , Reuters reported on how public health officials were expecting “ an avalanche of so - called adverse event reports , which are reports of death , illness or other health trauma , ” in the two weeks after people receive the vaccine .
“ We are going to be overwhelmed with potential events , ” said Mike Osterholm , a public health expert at the University of Minnesota .
Authorities therefore resolved to dismiss any connection to the swine flu shots a host of heart attacks , strokes and miscarriages that “ will be blamed on the H1N1 vaccine ” .
[ efoods ]
Now the government has accelerated these efforts by appointing a group of “ independent ” experts to “ track the vaccine ’s safety , ” according to an Associated Press report .
The claim that the group is “ independent ” is a complete misnomer .
How can a group appointed by and dictated its brief by the government be considered “ independent ” ?
In addition , the group will be headed up by none other than Dr. Marie McCormick of the Harvard School of Public Health .
McCormick and her affiliated organizations have routinely issued reports over the past 10 years supporting the government ’s position on the link between vaccines and autism , dismissing a correlation entirely despite overwhelming evidence that contradicts this notion .
McCormick has been widely criticized by other health experts for her dogged denial of the link between vaccines and autism .
So far from being “ independent , ” the group is in fact appointed by the government and lead by one of the government ’s chief whitewash proponents in the context of vaccine dangers and side - effects .
The rollout of the vaccine has been limited to far fewer people than the government originally intended , partly due to a supply shortage and partly because more than half of Americans have refused to take the shot .
The government ’s efforts to dismiss concerns about side - effects will likely kick into high gear when more batches of the vaccine become available .
The media is framing concerns about side - effects by concentrating on health problems in the immediate aftermath of the vaccination , thereby providing them with the ammunition to dismiss concerns about side - effects altogether if few cases of death or injury occur .
However , the real concerns about the dangers of vaccines do not revolve around skin rashes or minor ailments , they relate to the longer term effect of the build - up of toxic mercury in the body as well as squalene and the cancerous animal cells that are admittedly contained in the vaccine .
Symptoms could therefore take months or even years to manifest , enough time for a connection to the swine flu shot to be forgotten in the public eye .
Expect this to be exploited to the maximum by the “ independent ” experts the government has appointed to whitewash dangers associated with the vaccine
Watch a report from CBS News below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - California , the Golden State that has been pummeled by economic problems ranging from plunging revenues to political spending battles , may soon find that it is not alone .
A tent city is seen in Sacramento , California March 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Max Whittaker
Arizona is next in line to suffer some of the same troubles , followed by Rhode Island and Michigan , according to a study released by the Pew Center on the States on Wednesday .
Oregon , Nevada , Florida , New Jersey , Illinois and Wisconsin round out the list of the 10 states with the worst economic decay , the Pew Center said in the report , “ Beyond California : States in Fiscal Peril . ”
Pew ’s conclusions are drawn from an analysis around the experiences of California , which ranks as the world ’s eighth largest economy , during the recent recession , the longest and deepest since the Great Depression .
The study looked at how a surging foreclosure rate and rising unemployment led to a steep fall in California ’s revenues , with the state ’s political structure and record of poor fiscal problems crippling the ability to respond to the crisis .
Pew said the nine other states in its top - 10 list “ face hardships nearly as daunting . ”
Arizona , also hurt by the housing downturn , has been “ hamstrung by voter - imposed spending constraints , a tax structure highly reliant on a growing economy and a series of tax cuts . ”
The recession did not discriminate among states , and has left most gasping to cover spending needs .
While recovery is spreading in the national economy , most experts do not expect states ’ finances to heal any time soon .
On Thursday , the National Governors Association and National Association of State Budget Officers will release a snapshot of U.S. states ’ economic conditions .
In the past , they have said they do not anticipate the recession ending for most states until after 2010 .
Still , one state not typically identified as exceptionally troubled is the Midwest ’s Wisconsin .
“ To most , Wisconsin does not seem to have the same problems managing its money as California , its dairy rival , ” said Pew .
“ But the recession has hit Wisconsin harder than most state governments , especially when it comes to lost tax revenues and the size of the hole in its budget . ”
The other nine states may not follow California into the financial void , but they still share four common problems .
Like Michigan and its reliance on the automobile industry , many have relied on one sector to prop up their economies .
Many also have had histories of budget shortfalls even in the best of times and their lawmakers have been limited in raising revenues .
“ Several states on the top 10 list were unable to muster the political resolve to make long - term fixes to their fiscal problems , ” the study said .
UN prosecutors opened their genocide case against Radovan Karadzic today - despite his continued boycott of the case - calling him the " undisputed leader " of Serbs responsible for atrocities throughout Bosnia 's brutal four - year war .
Yugoslav war crimes tribunal judges ruled that the case could start despite Karadzic 's refusal to attend for the second straight day .
Karadzic , who is defending himself , claims he has not had enough time to prepare .
With the defendant 's chair empty , prosecutor Alan Tieger said Karadzic , " harnessed the forces of nationalism , hatred and fear to pursue his vision of an ethnically segregated Bosnia . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Dozens of war survivors crowded into the courtroom 's public gallery and other rooms set aside for them at the tribunal to watch the trial unfold .
As the case began they whispered to one another , but gradually fell silent as Tieger began his opening statement .
Presiding judge O - Gon Kwon said he regretted Karadzic 's decision not to attend the hearing and will consider imposing a lawyer to represent him if he continues to boycott the proceedings .
Karadzic faces 11 charges — two genocide counts and nine other war crimes and crimes against humanity .
He has refused to enter pleas , but insists he is innocent .
If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment .
Kwon said he had warned Karadzic he must accept the consequences of refusing to be at his trial .
The three - judge panel will decide how to proceed next week after the prosecution finishes its opening statement .
Tieger said some of the evidence against Karadzic would come from the defendant himself , in the form of telephone intercepts and transcripts of his speeches to Bosnian Serb lawmakers during the war .
Insiders , international observers and victims of Bosnian Serb crimes that were the bloody hallmark of the 1992 - 95 war will testify , he said .
He mentioned Biljana Plavsic as one of Karadzic 's key collaborators .
Earlier Tuesday , Plavsic — the only woman among the 161 people indicted by the International Criminal Court for the former Yugoslavia — was released from a Swedish prison after serving two - thirds of an 11 - year sentence for war crimes .
Tieger quoted Karadzic as saying before the war that Serb forces would turn the Bosnian capital Sarajevo into " a black cauldron , where 300,000 Muslims will die . "
He said witnesses who survived the deadly 44 - month siege of the city would describe living " in constant fear , day after day , for years , knowing that they or their loved ones were targets . "
The prosecution will call other witnesses from Srebrenica , where Bosnian Serb forces murdered more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys in July 1995 , he said .
They were " victims who miraculously survived by feigning death " and mothers who " tried in vain to shield their boys from being taken to the killing fields . "
Genre - defining game changers
Remedy creates story - driven , visually stunning games featuring our trademark stylized action .
We are storytellers at heart and aim to build franchises that last .
Remedy ’s games have been made into books , comics , concerts , TV - series and a Hollywood movie .
NEW YORK - With the health care
debate preoccupying the mainstream media , it has gone virtually
unreported that the Barack Obama administration is quietly supporting
renewal of provisions of the George W. Bush - era USA Patriot Act that
civil libertarians say infringe on basic freedoms .
And it is reportedly doing so over the objections of some prominent Democrats .
When
a panicky Congress passed the act 45 days after the terrorist attacks
of Sep. 11 , 2001 , three contentious parts of the law were scheduled to
expire at the end of next month , and opponents of these sections have
been pushing Congress to substitute new provisions with substantially
strengthened civil liberties protections .
But with the apparent
approval of the Obama White House and a number of Republicans – and
over the objections of liberal Senate Democrats including Russ Feingold
of Wisconsin and Dick Durbin of Illinois – the Senate Judiciary
Committee has voted to extend the three provisions with only minor
changes .
Those provisions would leave unaltered the power of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) to seize records and to eavesdrop
on phone calls and e-mail in the course of counterterrorism
investigations .
The parts of the act due to expire on Dec. 31 deal with :
National Security Letters ( NSLs )
The
FBI uses NSLs to compel Internet service providers , libraries , banks ,
and credit reporting companies to turn over sensitive information about
their customers and patrons .
Using this data , the government can
compile vast dossiers about innocent people .
The ' Material Support ' Statute
This
provision criminalises providing " material support " to terrorists ,
defined as providing any tangible or intangible good , service or advice
to a terrorist or designated group .
As amended by the Patriot Act and
other laws since Sep. 11 , this section criminalises a wide array of
activities , regardless of whether they actually or intentionally
further terrorist goals or organisations .
FISA Amendments
Act of 2008
This
past summer , Congress passed a law that permits the government to
conduct warrantless and suspicion - less dragnet collection of U.S .
residents ' international telephone calls and e-mails .
Asked by
IPS why committee chairman Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont and other
Democrats chose to make only minor changes , Chip Pitts , president of
the Bill of Rights Defence Committee , referred to " the secret and
hypocritical lobbying by the Obama administration against reforms –
while publicly stating receptiveness to them . "
White House pressure , he
speculated , " was undoubtedly a huge if lamentable factor " .
He added that some committee members were cautious because of the recent arrests of Najibullah Zazi and others .
Zazi
, a citizen of Afghanistan and a legal U.S. resident , was arrested in
September as part of a group accused of planning to carry out acts of
terrorism against the U.S. Zazi is said by the FBI to have attended
courses and received instruction on weapons and explosives at an al
Qaeda training camp in Pakistan .
Leahy acknowledged that , in
light of these incidents , " This is no time to weaken or undermine the
tools that law enforcement relies on to protect America . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Pitts
told IPS , " Short - term and political considerations driven by dramatic
events once again dramatically affected the need for a more sensible
long - term , reasoned , rule - of - law approach . "
" In the eight years
since passage of the original Patriot Act , it 's become clear that the
escalating political competition to appear tough on terror - and avoid
being accused of being " soft on terror " - brings perceived electoral
benefits with few costs , with vital but fragile civil liberties being
easily sacrificed , " he added .
In contrast to the Senate , the
House of Representatives Judiciary Committee approved a version of the
legislation containing several significant reforms .
In a 16 - 10
party - line vote , the committee 's version curbs some of the government 's
controversial surveillance powers .
The Patriot Act , passed by
a landslide after the 9/11 terrorist attacks to provide law enforcement
and intelligence agencies additional powers to thwart terrorist
activities , was reauthorised in 2005 .
The legislation has been
criticised by many from across the ideological spectrum as a threat to
civil liberties , privacy and democratic traditions .
Sections of the
original act have been ruled unconstitutional , with certain provisions
violating protected rights .
Judiciary Chair John Conyers , a
Michigan Democrat , said the goal of the new legislation was to " craft a
law that preserves both our national security and our national values " .
The
proposed new legislation would permit the so - called " lone wolf "
provision to sunset .
This authority removed the requirement that an
individual needed to be an agent of a foreign power to be placed under
surveillance by intelligence officials and permitted surveillance of
individuals with a much lower evidentiary threshold than allowed under
criminal surveillance procedures .
It was intended to allow the
surveillance of individuals believed to be doing the bidding of foreign
governments or terrorist organisations , even when the evidence of that
connection was lacking .
The Justice Department maintains that
the " lone wolf " authority is necessary , even though there is no
evidence that it has been used .
Its opponents believe that existing
authorities are sufficient to achieve the goals of the lone wolf
provision while more effectively protecting the rights of innocent
citizens .
The proposed new House legislation would also restrict
the use of national security letters .
According to a Congressional
Research Service report , " National security letters ( NSL ) are roughly
comparable to administrative subpoenas .
Intelligence agencies issue
them for intelligence gathering purposes to telephone companies ,
Internet service providers , consumer credit reporting agencies , banks ,
and other financial institutions , directing the recipients to turn over
certain customer records and similar information . "
Under current
law , intelligence agencies have few restrictions on the use of NSLs ,
and in numerous cases , have abused the authority .
An FBI inspector
general report in 2007 " found that the FBI used NSLs in violation of
applicable NSL statutes , Attorney General Guidelines , and internal FBI
policies " .
The reform provisions seek to create greater judicial
scrutiny of NSL use .
The bill approved in the Senate contains
much more modest reforms .
It would retain the lone wolf provision , and
is , in general , much more in line with the wishes of the
administration .
Should both bills pass and go into conference to be
reconciled , it is unclear which approach would prevail .
House
and Senate versions still need to be voted on by each body separately
and then reconciled into a single bill to send to the president for
signature .
Pitts told IPS , " President Obama 's flip - flop on
Patriot
Act issues does as much damage as did his flip - flop on the FISA
Amendments
Act and telecom immunity last year .
But it 's imperative that
we fight , while we still can , to comprehensively reinsert requirements
for fact - based , individualised suspicion , checks and balances , and
meaningful judicial review prior to government intrusions . "
In
a report on the Patriot Act , the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU )
said , " More than seven years after its implementation there is little
evidence that the Patriot Act has been effective in making America more
secure from terrorists .
However , there are many unfortunate examples
that the government abused these authorities in ways that both violate
the rights of innocent people and squander precious security resources . "
OTTAWA , Nov. 25 ( UPI ) --
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police say more than $ 15 million worth of gold missing from Canada 's mint in Ottawa was not stolen .
A junior government minister told Parliament Tuesday the RCMP investigation that began in June determined there had been no theft , but no other details were released , the Ottawa Citizen reported .
Advertisement
Royal Canadian
Mint spokeswoman Christine Aquino told the Citizen results of the investigation were encouraging in that it validated security measures , but she said no further details would be released .
The mint first noticed a deficit of the equivalent of a half ton of gold in October 2008 and after several months of internal investigation , summoned external auditors Deloitte and then the RCMP .
The Deloitte audit also found no evidence of theft , but made three recommendations for tightening accounting , auditing and tracking of inventory , the report said .
The Crown corporation 's year - end financial statements were delayed by the investigation and will be released mid-December .
It 's expected the loss will be reconciled in the financials , which could shed more light on what happened , the Citizen said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The horrors and heroism in the trenches of World War I have been remembered in a series of Armistice Day services .
At Westminster Abbey the Queen and prime minister marked " the passing of a generation " with a two - minute silence .
While in Afghanistan , serving British soldiers commemorated the day at UK military bases in Helmand province .
The ceremonies follow the deaths this year of the final three WWI veterans living in Britain - Bill Stone , Henry Allingham and Harry Patch .
Mr Allingham 's nephew , who was at the abbey service in London , described it as a " poignant tribute for all the WWI veterans " .
Ronald Cator , 75 , said : " It was a great honour , for us and the whole family .
It was very moving . "
Mr Stone died at 108 in January followed by Mr Allingham , 113 , and Harry Patch , 111 , in July .
AT THE SCENE Alex Kleiderman , BBC News
The congregation consists of a cross-section of people and generations .
There are the relatives of the three last veterans of WWI in the UK whose deaths inspired the event , and sons , daughters and grandchildren of other servicemen , including some of those who never returned .
Some are wearing their relatives ' war medals .
Schoolchildren , whose only connection to the Great War is from history books , are also in attendance .
A Union Flag that was draped on the bodies of the fallen during WWI is hanging over the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior , which symbolises all those who died in the war , and is a focal point for the service .
Courage and sacrifice honoured Around Britain millions more observed the traditional silence at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month to remember those who have died in conflicts past and present .
It marks the moment WWI ended after four years of fighting , with the signing of the Armistice Treaty by Germany and the Allies .
In his sermon , the Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , said WWI fundamentally shook the roots of society .
But he said it was not true that all moral conviction died in the trenches along with the millions of young men .
He said the service acknowledged how that generation - often known as the lost generation after entire villages of men were wiped out - refused to let idealism die .
" In the midst of that terror and butchery they found that they were still there .
Maybe the simple fact of being real kept that generation faithful , creative and brave . "
Two Victoria Cross holders , L / Cpl Johnson Beharry and Trooper Mark Donaldson , who is in the Australian Army , handed a wreath to the Queen , who then placed it on the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior .
The bell of the destroyer HMS Verdun , which served in WWI , was rung twice in honour of the war dead .
Alongside Gordon Brown in Westminster Abbey were former prime ministers Sir John Major and Baroness Thatcher .
Tony Blair was in the Middle East in his capacity as a special envoy .
Actor Jeremy Irons read Last Post by Poet Laureate Carol Ann Duffy during the service to recognise military and civilian contributions to the conflict .
Afghanistan troops mark silence Scotland pays tribute to war dead Ceremonies mark world 's war dead Relatives ' stories The Prince of Wales - who joined Canadians in honouring their war dead at a service in Ottawa - praised British people for the backing they have given troops returning from Afghanistan .
Prince Charles , who is colonel or colonel - in - chief of a number of regiments , said : " There was a time when my regiments in the UK were coming back to Britain and simply not being properly recognised or supported when they marched through the towns .
" Now , thank God , it 's completely different and there is huge support , " he told ITV's News at Ten .
Prince Edward had led the congregation at a service of remembrance at the Armed Forces Memorial near Lichfield in Staffordshire .
The Royal British Legion also held two events , in London 's Trafalgar Square and Swansea 's Castle Square , for people who wanted to observe the two - minute silence with others .
The public gathered at Edinburgh 's Garden of Remembrance for the silence , marked by a gun from Edinburgh Castle , while Glasgow 's Lord Provost led a remembrance service at the George Square war memorial .
' Great man '
In Wales , the parents of the 200th soldier to be killed in Afghanistan used the Armistice commemorations to announce they were setting up a foundation in his memory .
Richard Hunt , 21 , who lived near Abergavenny in Monmouthshire , died in hospital in August , two days after an explosion in Helmand province .
Pte Hunt 's parents Hazel and Philip plan to launch the Richard Hunt Foundation at the end of the month , to work with other charities to help and support injured Welsh soldiers and those who have served in Welsh regiments .
Representatives from every county with links to the war attended the Westminster Abbey service along with various members of the armed forces , government , ambassadors and high commissioners .
We hope that men like Henry ... can be an inspiration to the troops currently putting their lives on the line
Ray Hazan
Send us your comments
The president of St Dunstan's , a charity for blind and visually impaired ex-service personnel was also among the congregation .
Ray Hazan , 64 , a former captain in the Royal Anglian Regiment , was blinded in 1973 by an IRA parcel bomb in Northern Ireland and became a friend of Mr Allingham 's after his organisation started helping the centenarian in 2005 .
He told the BBC : " He was a great inspiration , a great man for going around schools and telling them what it had been like in the hope that people did n't do that sort of the thing again . "
Mr Hazan added : " We hope that men like Henry ... can be an inspiration to the troops currently putting their lives on the line in Afghanistan . "
Mr Patch , the last surviving Tommy , died aged 111 at his care home in Wells , Somerset , in July .
William Stone , originally from Watlington in Oxfordshire , was the last British serviceman to have seen active duty in both world wars .
He died at a care home in Sindlesham near Wokingham , Berkshire , on 10 January .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Artist Jens Werner Andersen from Norway has painted his house in Burberry - pattern .
He woke up one day and thought it was a fun idea .
It is some weeks after Halloween , but the orange pumpkin is still standing on the porch .
The main vision for the house , when Jens bought it six years ago , was that there should be a gathering place for happy people , peace - on - earth - mentality and art loving people .
Photos by Christina Skreiberg from aftenposten.no .
Speaking about unusal home , family living in the cave .
Bring a fusion of style and functionality to your home with this unique electric fireplace and downlights !
For a little historical perspective after yesterday 's awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to Barack Obama , let 's take a look at two articles from 1936 written the day after Ossietzky was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his opposition to Nazi Germany , which at the time was a long ways away from starting World War II .
In fact , 24 November 1936 was a scant few months after the Olympics in Berlin .
Here 's the Ames Daily Tribune on the award ( image on the right ; click to see it in a legible size ) , showing what a controversial move it was at the time .
Criticism
A Nobel prize for Saavedra Lamas was to be expected , in keeping with the tradition which has brought the prize for such statesmen as Woodrow Wilson , father of the league of nations , and Frank B. Kellogg and Aristide Briand , co-authors of the Briand - Kellogg anti-war pact .
But Ossietzky was honored only a few weeks after he had completed three years in nazi concentration camps .
The award was interpreted widely as likely to be regarded by nazi Germany as a direct affront , as a frank criticism of its policies .
This was believed to be responsible for the recent decision of Halvdan Koht , Norwegian foreign minister , and Johann Mowinckel , former Norwegian premier and foreign minister , to resign from the Nobel peace committee .
May Refuse
So serious was the incident regarded that it has been suggested that the committee received word that Ossietzky was likely to refuse the award .
Ossietzky is 47 , and a war veteran .
After the World war he made a scant living by maintaining a small newspaper clipping bureau .
His wife , Audrey , and Englishwoman , taught languages .
Then Ossietzky began to acquire an international reputation for his militant pacifist articles .
In 1928 he was made chief editor of the German weekly Weltbuehne .
Twice he was arraigned in court for articles which appeared in the publication , tho he did not write them .
In 1931 Ossietzky was sentenced to 18 months in prison on a charge of treason , result of an article charging that Germany was secretly building up its air force .
In a second trial he was charged with slandering the German army but was acquitted .
Broken
Fearless ,
Ossietzky served his sentence and went back to his desk .
In March , 1933 , immediately after the still mysterious reichstag fire in Berlin , Ossietzky was arrested .
He went from one prison camp to another .
The nazi department of propaganda and public enlightenment announced last summer that he had been released and sent to a hospital for treatment .
But he is reported broken .
Hitherto the Nobel peace prize has been given to men who worked and spoke for peace in the high places of the world .
In honoring Ossietzky , the Nobel committee at risk of angering nazi Germany honored a man who has suffered for it in prisons and , it is reported , would still be in prison were his condition not such that his death was feared .
HITLER INTERESTS HIMSELF IN NOBEL PRIZE AWARD
BERLIN ( AP ) - Reichsfuehrer Adolf Hitler personally interested himself Tuesday in the selection of Carl von Ossietzky , German recently released from nazi custody , as the winner of the Nobel peace prize for 1936 .
Hitler summoned officials from the foreign office and ministries of justice and propaganda to a conference at noon .
A communique was under consideration , informed sources said , protesting the award and branding it a " misuse of a humanitarian institution for partisan political purposes . "
It was expected to be issued officially later .
Another article from the same day from AP shows that somebody else considered the prize to be a partisan slap from a group with a politicized agenda .
Dear XXXX , The Federal Reserve is extremely powerful , and totally out of control .
You know it , I know it , and millions of other people know it .
When I questioned Federal Reserve Inspector General Elizabeth Coleman about the whereabouts of trillions of dollars printed by the Fed , and put that video online , it became the most widely watched Congressional hearing in history .
Though you wo n't see it in the mainstream media , a few days ago , this video hit three million views .
On November 2 , we 're organizing a money bomb for our re-election campaign .
This November 2 is exactly one year before the 2010 elections .
It is our chance to show the world that when someone speaks out for our values , for American values , for Constitutional values , he will have the support he needs to win .
You know that I 'm willing to take those bankers on , head - on , whether it is bringing Democrats to support Fed audit legislation , or grilling Ben Bernanke on money sent to foreign banks .
But since I 've taken them on , I 've made a few enemies .
The Executive Director of the National Republican Congressional Committee has named me the number one target in the entire country .
Prominent D.C. election forecaster Charlie Cook downgraded my re-election chances , which is a signal to corporate interests to go after me .
I am being attacked .
They are determined to marginalize and undermine me -- because I am speaking for YOU .
Now I need your help , to keep ourstrong .
Hundreds of people have already pledged to join together , for one day , and show that our voices are united .
So please make a pledge , and forward this to your friends .
It 's our right to know where our money went .
Before Ben Bernanke is confirmed for a second term , should n't the Senate and the people know who got the $ 2 trillion the Federal Reserve has lent out over the last two years ?
On November 2 , everyone will be watching .
We can send a message : Asking the tough questions and speaking out for the values of all American is n't just good policy .
It 's good politics .
Visit Fed.CongressmanWithGuts.com now , and pledge to donate in my November 2 money bomb .
With so many politicians receiving " dirty " money , is n't it time we had a Representative dedicated to -- and powered by -- regular Americans ?
That 's who I aim to be , every day in Congress .
Thank you for all that we can do together , Alan GraysonMember of CongressP.S.
What makes a money bomb work is the united action of huge groups of people all across the country .
That 's why I need you , after you 've made your pledge , to forward this to all the people you know who share our concerns , and ask them to join our November 2 money bomb .
On August 25th , 2009 , Â 30 Android developers got together at the Fast Company offices to participate in the NYC Android Developers Meetup .
Â
The Meetup was organized by the team at Medialets .
Â Â Medialets is an innovative company that provides a rich media advertising and Â analytics platform for mobile .
Like quite a few others , this was my first Android meetup .
I was n’t sure what to expect .
Â
After introductions and some lively discussion about whether Donut would run on our G1s , we learned that there were 5 apps ready to be demonstrated .
Of the 5 apps shown that night , 4 are in ADC2 .
Â
The feedback provided and the opportunity to see other apps and discuss them was valuable for everyone .
Will any of the NYC apps I saw that night make to to round 2 of ADC2 ?
Â
We ’ll have to wait and see , but I think it ’s possible .
Let me get right to the apps :
Balance the Beer
Like it sounds , a fun game to use your phone as a tray and a balance a beer .
Play with friends and the loser buys the next round .
Â Â The best part ?
Since it was developed by the NYC Java User ’s Group , they ’ve made it open source .
Get the source code .
BFF Photo
BFF Photo is a Facebook app for viewing your photos and friend photos .
Â
You can upload photos and videos from your phone to Facebook – no USB or computer required .
Â
This is an app that I developed .
For the demo that night , I showed this video .
The app has changed since then .
Â
A little more on that later .
BubbleBeats
BubbleBeats is a new and interesting way to make playlists on your phone .
Â
After learning about BubbleBeats at the meetup , I did a review for AndroidGuys .
Â BubbleBeats was developed by Jason Van Anden .
Jason is an artist and inventor whose work includes the robots Neal and Iona .
Lucid
Lucid is a wacky , dreamy game .
Â
Your goal is to navigate baby Hermin through the dreamscape world and get him through the night without waking him up .
Â
I ’ve made it though level 9 , but not 10 .
Â Team Lucid is comprised of NYU students who conceived the game as part of the first Annual Global Game Jam .
PrimoSpot Parking
The only app shown that night that is not in ADC2 .
Â PrimoSpot is a local app for Boston and NY ( so far ! ) .
Â
With parking so important in those cities , this app provides the often complex parkingÂ rules for a particular street right on your phone .
Â
It also includes garages and prices .
Â
TheÂ team made the decision to skip ADC2 since this was a local app .
Swift
Swift speaks for itself , it is the “ The fastest , leanest , meanest Twitter app . ” Â Swift is a fast and very polished Twitter app .
Sebastian Delmont is the developer for Swift and I learned a few things from him that night .
Â
He talked about looking at the Android source code as the best way to learn and develop great apps .
Â
That is not always an easy path , but it is good advice .
Â
He talked about releasing code into the market to get feedback .
I noticed that on the night of the meetup and for ADC2 , that Swift was at version 0.4. Â
Releasing a beta and calling it a beta may be a way to encourage constructive feedback .
The quality of the apps at the meetup made me long for more time to improve BFF Photo for ADC2 . Â
Like many others , my app was created with ADC2 in mind .
Â
The deadline forces brutal decisions to be made about what features to include and when to stop everything and just submit the app .
My app and most others have seen several updates since ADC2 and that ’s a good thing .
Can NYC be a creative and technical hub for Android development ?
Â Maybe .
There are a lot of Java developers in NY and surrounding areas ; there are a lot of talented people .
The quality of the apps at the meetup and an interest group that included students , artists , and seasoned programmers tells me that there just might be some great apps coming from the Big Apple .
A damning report into the levels of stigma being faced by people with HIV in Britain has led to calls for the government to produce a strategy to tackle discrimination .
Researchers found that one in five people with an HIV diagnosis had been harassed , threatened or verbally assaulted in the past 12 months .
Many reported ignorance and prejudice from within the medical profession , particularly from GPs and dentists .
One in five reported being denied medical treatment because they had HIV .
In findings to be unveiled in parliament tomorrow , The People Living With HIV Stigma Index , a two - year research project funded by the Department for International Development and the International Planned Parenthood Federation , found that only 39 % of people felt confident that their medical records were being kept confidential , with 18 % saying their HIV status had been revealed without their consent .
Lisa Power , head of policy at the Terrence Higgins Trust , said that the public was more ignorant about HIV than a decade ago .
" This research is really important because it 's about people 's perception of the prejudice they face .
" We did have a good education programme in this country , but that 's all gone to pot .
The UK has slipped from being a shining beacon of HIV prevention programming and education , to being behind everyone else in Europe .
While the General Dental Council gives its members quite clear advice on HIV , we still have dentists refusing to see patients or , which is quite common , asking them to wait until the end of the day for an appointment , apparently so the instruments can be sterilised twice .
" With far more contagious things around , like hepatitis C , it 's an insult to anyone using a dentist 's surgery if everything is not completely sterilised between each patient .
People with HIV can lead long lives , have healthy children , but still they suffer higher levels of unemployment and relationship breakdown , more poverty , more depression and a lot of that is down to stigma , not to the actual virus . "
Figures released on Friday by the Health Protection Agency showed the numbers of people living with HIV in the UK had reached an all - time high of 83,000 , an 8 % rise on the previous year .
Of that number , 27 % will not know they have the virus because the figure was reached by scientists anonymously testing random blood samples .
It is a long way from the forecasts made in 1984 of millions of people infected and dying , at a time when Britain had only 108 cases of Aids and 46 deaths .
The country was gripped by fear , leading to incidents that included the fire brigade union telling members to stop mouth - to - mouth resuscitations of gay men , to patients facing isolation wards .
Even today , one London participant in the Stigma Index research said : " When the nurse put on two sets of gloves I was so humiliated – who taught her to do that ? "
Another woman , who lives in a small town in Wales , told the Observer that she used health services miles away from home to protect her child from gossip at school .
" It would be round the town in a flash and yes , living with secrecy can be tough , but I think the stigma and ignorance would be far worse .
Once you tell people , you can't take it back and it's too big a risk for me . "
Alastair Hudson , 41 , a researcher on the project , was taken aback by the stories .
" People feel battered by their experiences .
It was a diversity of people , from all sorts of ages and backgrounds , up and down the country , but a lot of the stories were similar , people they were coming into contact with did n't understand even the basics of HIV .
" The advertising campaigns of the 80s had a profound effect and people were scared , but the epidemic has changed so much and people 's knowledge has n't .
One guy said , ' HIV is a diagnosis , not a lifestyle choice ' .
We do n't want to normalise the virus , but we do want to make sure it 's not forgotten . "
However , the findings were not all negative .
More than 60 % of respondents said they felt they could change attitudes if they challenged discrimination .
" The vast majority of people living with HIV , 84 % , are also working to support each other .
It was interesting that although 80 - odd % of people knew where to go to access HIV support , only 23 % did , which I think means people are empowered enough to look for their own support .
There 's far less of this victim thing than there was , " said Hudson .
On the basis of the research , the all - party parliamentary group on HIV and Aids is calling for a cross- departmental government strategy to tackle discrimination .
Its chair , David Borrow MP , said : " Stigma is rife in Britain and the NHS has an opportunity to lead the way in tackling it .
Discrimination on the grounds of a health condition is totally unacceptable anywhere , but the public sector has a special responsibility to treat everyone it serves with respect . "
Andy Burnham , the health secretary , welcomed the report , which he will launch in the Commons tomorrow .
" Effective treatments have transformed the lives of people with HIV and many more people with HIV can plan for their future with more certainty .
But even in the UK , individuals and families affected by HIV can experience stigma and discrimination . "
Gay men are still most likely to acquire HIV in the UK , but heterosexual infections are rising , with 58 % of new diagnoses in 2008 being among heterosexuals , two - thirds of whom were black Africans .
The majority of infections were probably acquired abroad , with 27 % having caught the virus in the UK .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling outlines plan to scrap Metropolitan police authority and divide powers between London assembly and mayor
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Boris Johnson would become the " elected commissioner " of the Metropolitan police under Tory proposals outlined today .
The Conservatives plan to scrap police authorities across England and Wales and replace them with individuals chosen by the public .
The elected commissioners would be responsible for the hiring and firing of chief constables and for setting the council tax " precept " that funds the force .
Chris Grayling , the shadow home secretary , revealed yesterday that the Conservatives would shut down the Metropolitan police authority , led by Johnson , and hand many of its responsibilities to the London assembly .
The mayor would be left taking the " elected commissioner " role of holding the Met chief , Sir Paul Stephenson , to account .
But the political reforms have been opposed by senior police officers , who claim they would damage the character of British policing .
Earlier this week , Sir Hugh Orde , who represents senior officers , warned that many could quit rather than serve under elected commissioners .
Alan Johnson , the home secretary , said : " The last thing police forces want is politicians telling them how to do their job , which will inevitably happen with elected commissioners . "
Grayling told the London Evening Standard that Johnson would be a " pathfinder " for the reorganisation and said the change would strengthen his role as mayor .
In a speech to the Association of Police Authorities ( APA ) in Nottingham yesterday , the shadow home secretary outlined how the reforms would affect London .
He said change was inevitable because " virtually no one knows [ police authorities ] exist " .
" We need to replace our current structures with a replacement system of scrutiny and accountability centred on elected individuals with a mandate from their local community , " he added , arguing that the move would " empower those communities " and rebuild confidence in the police through decentralisation .
Using London as an example , Grayling added : " The mayor of London has clear executive powers , but the London assembly has the power to scrutinise and also to block some actions with a substantial majority vote ...
" A streamlined version of a similar system is one possible way of ensuring that we provide checks and balances to our plans for elected police commissioners . "
He explained why the Metropolitan police authority would be abolished , saying : " In these straitened times , I can see little benefit in making the Metropolitan police work with both the mayor 's office and a separate police authority .
" The London assembly already carries out the scrutiny role into the mayor 's other activities .
" I can see no good reason why the MPA needs to exist as a separate body , and our intention would be to hand the scrutiny role to the elected members of the assembly . "
Most senior police officers fear the introduction of elected commissioners would politicise policing and leave them struggling to meet the whims of populist figures .
They are wary of following the US down a route that means police chiefs can be sacked by incoming politicians .
Johnson sparked controversy after forcing Sir Ian Blair to resign from the top job at Scotland Yard last year .
Writing in his autobiography , Blair accused Johnson and key aides of making decisions for political reasons above policing need .
Grayling also addressed the fear that " extremists " could be elected to the police commissioner roles .
" I do n't actually believe that this will be the case , " he said .
" For the major political parties , one of the key lessons of recent years is that British voters tend to elect on the centre ground ...
There is nowhere in the UK that has come anywhere even close to electing an extremist across an entire force or police authority area . "
He said that even if they did , the checks and balances in the Tory system would be enough to prevent " extreme actions " .
As the MPA chairman , Johnson is now leading an organisation his political allies want to abolish .
The reforms would need new legislation and are therefore unlikely to be introduced before the next London mayoral elections in 2012 .
Rob Garnham , who leads the APA , said many would fight to maintain the current successful structure .
" There is no evidence to suggest that the proposed local elections of police commissioners would increase local accountability , " he added .
" We believe that directly elected commissioners would create unnecessary local conflict through the introduction of more party politics into policing , a move which would , without doubt , work against the interests of communities everywhere . "
Len Duvall , a former Labour chair of the MPA , told the Evening Standard : " This would be a bad day for the accountability of the Metropolitan police and would represent further politicisation of the service . "
A Conservative spokeswoman said : " Whoever is London mayor would be de facto elected police commissioner with the assembly being the scrutiny , check and balance , which is why you would n't need MPA in this model . "
The spokeswoman said that " none of this is done and dusted " and that further details would be outlined in the future .
A spokeswoman for the mayor backed Grayling , saying : " A direct line of accountability is essential between the Metropolitan police service and the people of London .
" Boris Johnson , as the elected mayor and the chair of the MPA , is that line , and already exercises a mandate over policing in London .
" Chris Grayling was right to put democratic accountability at the heart of his reforms and to question the duplication between the MPA and the London assembly in overseeing the work of the police . "
The Home Office said the government had rejected proposals for elected police commissioners .
" The operational independence of chief officers is an important constitutional principle and the government is opposed to the increased risk of politicisation that would arise with the election of police commissioners , " a statement said .
Do n’t miss a moment ( Image : Vicon )
Test shots taken ( Image : Microsoft )
More testing ( Image : Microsoft )
Advertisement
A camera you can wear as a pendant to record every moment of your life will soon be launched by a UK - based firm .
Originally invented to help jog the memories of people with Alzheimer ’s disease , it might one day be used by consumers to create “ lifelogs ” that archive their entire lives .
Worn on a cord around the neck , the camera takes pictures automatically as often as once every 30 seconds .
It also uses an accelerometer and light sensors to snap an image when a person enters a new environment , and an infrared sensor to take one when it detects the body heat of a person in front of the wearer .
It can fit 30,000 images onto its 1 - gigabyte memory .
The ViconRevue was originally developed as the SenseCam by Microsoft Research Cambridge , UK , for researchers studying Alzheimer ’s and other dementias .
Studies showed that reviewing the events of the day using SenseCam photos could help some people improve long - term recall .
See some images taken using a SenseCam during trials in Cambridge , UK .
Ca n’t get enough
Now Vicon , based in Oxford , UK , which specialises in motion - capture technology for the movie industry , has licensed the technology for the camera from Microsoft and intends to put it into large - scale production .
Imogen Moorhouse , Vicon ’s managing director , says that Microsoft has licensed the technology because it can’t keep up with demand for the gadget .
So far , only 500 have been made , most for use by researchers .
Vicon ’s version will retail for £ 500 ( about $ 820 ) and will also be marketed to researchers at first ; it will go on sale in the next few months .
A consumer version should be released in 2010 .
The gadget will be launched at the Society for Neuroscience meeting in Chicago this weekend , in conjunction with a conference on research using SenseCam so far .
A study published earlier this year described how SenseCam helped a person who had suffered encephalitis that permanently affected their ability to recall recent events .
After reviewing SenseCam photos of a significant event every two days for three weeks , the person could remember it substantially better , even after months of not looking at the photos , compared with events that were not reviewed this way or were recorded only in a written diary .
Lifelogging
For consumers , the gadget will provide an easy way to become a “ lifelogger ” – someone who attempts to electronically record as much of their life as possible .
Microsoft researcher Gordon
Bell has made his life an experiment in lifelogging , recording everything from phone calls to TV viewing , and uses a SenseCam wherever he goes .
“ What ’s great about these kinds of memory technologies is that they can be very usable for ordinary people , ” says Henry Kautz , a computer scientist at the University of Rochester , New York , who works on technology to assist cognition .
“ Once you have that mass market , that brings the prices down . ”
Eventually , he says , a SenseCam - like device could be part of an artificial memory used by ordinary people , just as they use notebooks and planners as memory aids today .
Journal reference : Neurology , Neurosurgery & Psychiatry , DOI : doi:10.1136/jnnp.2008.164251
Economists Lead the Way to Calamity
Goldman gets a hidden bailout … Wall Street uses bailout money for bonuses … Cash for Clunkers…nationalizing GM …quantitative easing … Geithner lies to the Chinese …
Crackpot ideas !
Corruption !
What next ?
But the most breathtaking scene is the one no one seems to notice …
Perhaps it is because we have our head in the clouds … so far above the surface of everyday life that we can look down and see what is happening …
… or perhaps because you have to be a connoisseur of absurdity to appreciate it …
… strange … bizarre … almost surreal …even when you see it , you do n’t quite believe it …
First , the voters ruined themselves … now it ’s the government ’s turn !
The US federal government is digging its own grave … bankrupting itself with its eyes wide shut .
And it ’s not alone …
Look back a little more than 100 years ago , and you ’ll see that something similar happened .
Europe went to war .
No one knew why .
No one knew what he stood to gain .
But whether he was a kraut , a frog or a Tommy …he kept at it for four years – until every major government of Europe was broke .
Most of them collapsed completely .
All of them were broke .
Germany and Russia , with the added burdens of war reparations on the one hand , and Bolshevism and civil war on the other , forgot their manners .
Both were soon butchering their own people .
In the Great War the generals led the way to calamity .
Now it is economists …
Some observers think the economy is recovering already .
Others think it is not .
If it is not recovering , it is because it did n’t get enough stimulus , they say .
If it is recovering , it ’s because the stimulus has worked .
“ Fewer layoffs expected as recession winds down , ” says a headline this morning from one of the wire services .
The Dow fell 25 points yesterday … but it ’s still in bear market rally mode .
With a little luck , it could go to 10,500 .
( Of course , it can do whatever it wants … we ’re just guessing , based on the experience of other major crash / depression episodes in history . )
Oil trades at just under $ 72 this morning .
Gold is at $ 960 .
It is “ business as usual at Goldman , ” says a news report .
Which is to say , big bonuses for the bankers .
The top eight US banks got more than $ 170 in bailout money last year .
They paid about 20 % out in bonuses .
But now the press and the politicians are on their case .
It looks like they might have to ease up on the bonuses … at least until the heat is off .
The news is mixed .
German factory orders are up … but the Bank of England says the recession is worse than expected ; it says it will continue buying bonds .
Americans are raising chickens in their backyards again…even in places like Brooklyn .
But the latest headlines tell us that requests for unemployment benefits are running below expectations .
The housing market is supposed to be stabilizing … but new waves of defaults , resets and foreclosures are coming .
Half America ’s mortgages will be underwater by 2011 , says a Reuters report .
And Deutschebank warned that construction loans were starting to go bad too .
But the big story ?
Stimulus .
Here is the International Herald Tribune on Monday :
“ More Stimulus is Needed to Spark a Strong Recovery , ” is the headline .
According to the IHT , stimulus is working .
And it will work even better if there were more of it .
Once underway , the WWI generals used the same sort of logic .
If they were winning , it was because they put so many resources into the campaign .
If things were going against them , they called for more men…more guns …more ammunition .
Of course , once a war has begun , it is hard not to want to win it .
One hundred years later , it seems obvious the combatants should have called the whole thing off .
They could have spared themselves a lot of misery .
But that ’s not the way history works .
She may be absurd , but she rarely does things by half measures .
Once called to action , soldiers fought to win…even at the cost of their own lives .
And now the world ’s central banks , Treasuries , and legislatures are at war .
With economic strategists egging them on , they have declared war on all that they find unholy about capitalism – deflation , bear markets , and the down swing of the business cycle .
John Maynard Keynes , that much - revered strategist from the Depression Era , tells them this is a fight they can win .
And they believe it !
Of course , these are the same people who saw nothing to worry about in 2006 … the same people who have no idea what is going on – and have the track record to prove it !
Can you really fix a debt - saturated economy by pouring on more debt ?
We know the answer , do n’t we ?
When you borrow money you take something away from the future and bring it into the present .
That is not a bad thing … if you are doing it to increase your future output .
In that case , you ’ll be able to pay back the loan with your extra earnings .
But if you borrow from the future only to consume , the future waits for you …like Shylock waiting for his pound of flesh …
The future caught up with American consumers in 2007 .
But the feds learned nothing … and soon it will be a ton of flesh the future will want .
“ Life seemed much more simple when I was growing up , ” said mother , reflecting back on her youth during WWII .
“ People were so much more modest .
I had a job at Bergstrom Air Base in Texas … [ she was in the WACs ] ; we would show movies to the soldiers who were going overseas .
Some of the movies reminded them not to talk to people about where they were going …
‘ Loose lips sink ships ’ was the phrase .
“ And there were some awful movies such as ‘ Kill or Be Killed ’… it showed them that they had to be on - guard … and they could n’t hesitate .
Of course , it is an awful thought – that you had to kill someone before he killed you .
And then there were the movies about social diseases …
I do n’t remember what we called them then … but these were training films that warned the boys that they might catch a disease overseas if they were n’t careful .
But we were n’t allowed to show those movies …we were n’t even allowed to see them .
“ To tell you the truth , it was so long ago I ca n’t remember very accurately .
And it was such a different world ; I can barely believe it existed .
It seems unbelievable now … I can barely believe I lived through it . ”
Keep reading for today ’s essay …
The Ways that You can Get the Help of the Car Accident Lawyer
Such car accident can surely bring a lot of questions like who is at fault , the one to pay for the damage , the one who must pay for the medical bills or if you must be compensated …
Gene Quinn : Patent Twit of the Week
Gene Quinn , a patent lawyer and IP - hawk , has recently challenged the anti-IP movement — in the tone of a belligerent drunk announcing he can lick anyone in the bar– to back up its contentions with facts and arguments .
Such facts and arguments are lacking , he taunts ( in an Eric Cartman voice ? ) , for the obvious reason that none exist .
When people like Stephan Kinsella call his bluff , Quinn generally manages to weasel out of it .
Most recently , Quinn was scheduled to debate David Koepsell , but at the last minute cancelled because he ( ahem ) got sick .
Quinn , in lieu of the original debate format , later participated in a pathetic exchange of soundbites on the Laura Flanders show .
The weightiest of Quinn ’s “ unanswerable ” points is the supposed insufficiency of marginal cost - based pricing for recouping high R&D costs .
Quinn ’s argument assumes an obsolete industrial model , and ignores the extent to which the capital - intensiveness and overhead cost of innovation itself are themselves affected by IP .
Patents can tip the balance between alternative business models , promoting an artificially high - capitalized , high - overhead , bureaucratic model of R&D .
Patents are one way of dealing with R&D cost .
But another way is modular design , which economizes on development cost by reusing the same R&D effort for a particular module or platform over a wide family of products .
Open source , P2P design models may also be considerably cheaper because they are more agile ( see Eric Raymond , “ The Cathedral and the Bazaar ” ) ; for example , homebrew CNC machine tools generally achieve Factor 10 or Factor 20 cost reductions over their proprietary equivalents .
Patents also tip the balance toward less agile forms of production in another way : the legal process of securing a patent is an enormous outlay that can only be amortized by large - batch production .
And the process of gaming the patent system diverts R&D dollars into some very wasteful avenues .
For example , most drug R&D cost goes , not to developing the version actually marketed , but to securing patent lockdown on all the major possible variants ( so a competitor wo n’t market a rival drug ) .
Artificial property rights are a source of additional capitalization costs and overhead .
Also , studies have shown that the total productivity benefits from the cumulative effects of incrementally tweaking designs , and all the other Hayekian stuff that goes with a tinkerer observing a technology in operation and fiddling with it , outweigh those from major generational leaps .
So an IP regime that incentivizes major generational leaps , while erecting transaction costs against derivative development , seems of questionable benefit .
Defenses of both patents and copyright based on the inadequacy of marginal cost pricing to recoup up - front outlays are wrong - headed in another way .
The only effect of abolishing IP is to do away with monopoly rents from design or content ownership as such .
It does n’t affect the rents that result from the transaction costs of setting up production , or from being first to market and knowing one ’s market better than the competition .
These things , which all fall under the head of what Chris Anderson calls “ freemium , ” are sources of value that would exist even without rents from IP as such .
So it ’s still possible to make money from being first mover , and from the authentication advantages that come with being identified as the product ’s developer ; you just ca n’t make as much money from it .
High among “ freemium ” services , for the majority who value time and convenience along with bare price , is authenticity : buying a copy that ’s certified to be complete , defect - free , and in the format you need .
And in general , the person who originally develops a product is likely to have a better knowledge of his market , and be in a better position to profit from an ongoing relationship with his market as he develops products geared to their particular needs — especially if he also serves the market through customization and customer support .
Shakespeare worked without copyright , which meant he made money by actually performing the plays with his theater company .
That meant , in turn , that he got lots and lots of little piles of money from keeping on writing plays and performing them , instead of collecting a big pile from a one - hit wonder .
BTW : Most of Shakespeare ’s work was done on the folk culture model , with heavy reliance on mashups from other storytellers , and hence would be illegal under modern copyright law .
In the realm of physical production , the first company to develop a new product will have first - mover rents for the time it takes to duplicate the process .
After that , it will have rents from customer goodwill .
That goodwill will include the common sense assumption that the company will be best at offering upgrades to a product it originally developed , and will probably be the most reliable source of customer support .
To sum up : the producers who find themselves being driven out of business by competition based on marginal cost are generally the corporate dinosaurs who CAN ’T survive without monopoly rents on IP , because they really are too stupid to think of any other way to make money .
This is the post where we are listing out few great free apps for Mac Operating System , this is an exclusive post for our those readers who are the Mac users .
But our other readers will also enjoy this post .
Do n’t forget to bookmark this post for your future reference as it has few most useful application that will be helpful for you when you are on your Mac system .
This is absolutely a great list of 13 Simple , Useful And Free Mac OS X Apps That Could be Really Useful .
You are welcome to share if you know more free mac apps that are really useful and our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
Picturesque
Picturesque is a simple app with a simple goal to make images more beautiful .
Whether you are in web or print , your images can benefit from a touch of Picturesque magic .
i Stat pro
i Stat pro is a highly configurable widget that lets you monitor every aspect of your Mac , including CPU , memory , disks , network , battery , temperatures , fans , load & uptime and processes .
DoIt
Do It is a small application to manage categorized to do lists .
to do item can be linked witha a file on your computer , a url , such as the address of a website , or a contact from your address book .
The linked item can be opened directly from the Do it window .
To do items can also include notes , priorities and deadlines , which can be set as reminders in iCal .
Think
Think will help you to limit your attention to one application — any application — at any time , you can bring other apps up quickly if you need them , and lets you put them out of sight again just as quickly .
VLC media player
VLC media player is a highly portable multimedia player and multimedia framework capable of reading most audio and video formats ( MPEG - 2 , MPEG - 4 , H.264 , DivX , MPEG - 1 , mp3 , ogg , aac … ) as well as DVDs , Audio CDs VCDs , and various streaming protocols .
HandBrake
HandBrake is an open - source , GPL - licensed , multiplatform , multithreaded video transcoder , available for MacOS X , Linux and Windows .
Seashore
Seashore is an open source image editor for Mac OS X’s Cocoa framework .
It features gradients , textures and anti-aliasing for both text and brush strokes .
It supports multiple layers and alpha channel editing .
It is based around the GIMP ’s technology and uses the same native file format .
smcFanControl
smcFanControl lets the user set the minimum speed of the build in fans .
So you can increase your minimum fan speed to make your intel mac run cooler .
Transmission
Transmission is a cross-platform BitTorrent client .
It uses fewer resources than other clients .
Transmission has the features you expect in a BitTorrent client : encryption , a web interface , peer exchange , DHT , UPnP and NAT - PMP port forwarding , web seed support , watch directories , tracker editing , global and per-torrent speed limits , and more .
Fluid
Fluid includes Tabbed Browsing , built - in Userscripting ( aka Greasemonkey ) , URL pattern matching for browsing whitelists and blacklists , bookmarks , auto - software updates via the Sparkle Update framework , custom SSB icons , a JavaScript API for showing Dock badges , Growl notifications , and Dock menu items , and more .
Perian
Perian is a free , open source QuickTime component that adds native support for many popular video formats .
SuperDocker
SuperDocker gives a full access to Mac OS X hidden functions and lets you rediscover your system in a unique way .
You can take advantage of SuperDocker ’s powerful export and import features to share your creations as well .
Sequential
Sequential is an image viewer for Mac OS X .
It was originally designed for opening a folder of images and displaying them in order .
It works well for viewing comics and manga .
Sequential can display folders and archives ( ZIP , RAR , CBZ and CBR ) of images ( including JPEG , PNG , and GIF ) and PDF files .
It is able to load images on the internet from a page or image URL .
Fluid includes Tabbed Browsing , built - in Userscripting ( aka Greasemonkey ) , URL pattern matching for browsing whitelists and blacklists , bookmarks , auto - software updates via the Sparkle Update framework , custom SSB icons , a JavaScript API for showing Dock badges , Growl notifications , and Dock menu items , and more .
How do you know someone is selling sex ?
It ’s an old problem .
In New York , police can detain you as a prostitute just because they find you carrying ‘ too many ’ condoms .
This is an old technique used by police officers looking for an easy way to fulfill arrest quotas and keep their jobs .
Here are main points posted by Katherine Franke on her Gender and Sexuality Law Blog on 20 November 2009 .
Under current law , police and prosecutors can and do use condoms to prove prostitution and related offenses , such as patronizing a prostitute , promoting prostitution , and maintaining a premises for prostitution .
such as patronizing a prostitute , promoting prostitution , and maintaining a premises for prostitution .
A proposed bill in committee in the Senate and on the floor of the Assembly would prohibit the use of those and other condoms in seven enumerated prostitution - related crimes .
in committee in the Senate and on the floor of the Assembly the use of those and other condoms in seven enumerated prostitution - related crimes .
New York ’s police and prosecutors should not be permitted to introduce condoms as evidence of prostitution and prostitution - related offenses , according to the students who work in Columbia ’s Sexuality and Gender Law Clinic .
and prostitution - related offenses , according to the students who work in Columbia ’s Sexuality and Gender Law Clinic .
The bill is important for protecting public health in New York and deterring police officers from using condoms as pretextual justification for arbitrary search and seizure .
Criminalization of condom possession directly conflicts with New York ’s longstanding public policy of encouraging condom use .
The Sex Workers Project ( SWP ) at the Urban Justice Center and the Center for Constitutional Rights have written legislative memos supporting the bill .
There is an online petition to gather signatures to legislators .
Whole story at Sexuality and Gender Law Clinic Supports “ No - Condoms - as - Evidence - of–Prostitution ” Bill .
If a circadian rhythm is like an orchestra - the united expression of the rhythms of millions of cells - a common chemical may serve as the conductor , or at least as the baton .
The chemical is hydrogen peroxide ( H 2 O 2 ) , the active ingredient in color safe bleach .
Produced in all animal cells , hydrogen peroxide may act as a signal for the active and resting phases of living things , new research by USC biologists suggests .
A study published in the journal PLoS ONE shows that hydrogen peroxide given to fruit flies has dramatic effects on their daily rhythms and activity levels .
" H 2 O 2 might be functioning as a systemic signal by which rhythms are regulated within cells and between cells , " said lead author John Tower , associate professor in molecular and computational biology at the USC College of Letters , Arts and Sciences .
Most people are familiar with the concept of a circadian rhythm that governs sleeping and waking .
But that is not the only circadian rhythm in the body .
Many organs and tissues within the body have their own independent circadian rhythms , and they also interact to coordinate their rhythms .
Tower 's study suggests a link between metabolism - the production of energy by mitochondria , often described as the energy factories inside cells - and an animal 's daily rhythms .
Mitochondria produce hydrogen peroxide as a by - product of oxygen combustion , making the chemical a candidate signal molecule .
" This is a logical way to connect rhythms to metabolism , " Tower said .
" We know a lot about how circadian rhythms are regulated within certain cells .
However , we have very little information on what signals coordinate circadian rhythms and how these rhythms are linked between metabolism and behavior . "
For the rhythms of even two cells to agree , some sort of signal has to pass between them .
Tower 's research group set out to find the signal by probing the action of an enzyme in mitochondria that converts toxic by - products of the body 's combustion process into hydrogen peroxide , itself a harmful but less toxic substance which other defenses later break down further .
Tower and his team had noticed that overexpression of the enzyme , known as superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , boosted the activity level of fruit flies and even increased the life span of certain genetically engineered strains .
Tower suspected that hydrogen peroxide was the key ingredient in SOD 's action .
" Hydrogen peroxide is a great candidate for a signaling molecule that would be involved in rhythms and behaviors .
It 's the most stable and diffusible of the reactive oxygen species ( by - products of combustion ) , but no one had demonstrated a role for it . "
As a test , Tower 's group administered hydrogen peroxide directly to fruit flies through feeding and injection .
The researchers observed similar effects from the direct administration of hydrogen peroxide and the over - expression of the SOD enzyme .
Both strategies increased the activity levels of adult flies .
Long - term direct treatment with hydrogen peroxide suppressed daily rhythms , while SOD over - expression altered those rhythms .
Tower explained that he had not expected identical results from direct treatment versus genetic over - expression .
" I think it 's just a little too crude of an intervention , to feed them or inject them with the drug , " he said , because those effects will not be rhythmic , whereas production of hydrogen peroxide by the mitochondria and by SOD is expected to be rhythmic and to correspond to the rhythm of metabolism .
Still , the similarities in the flies ' reactions to direct treatment and to SOD over - expression suggested to the researchers that hydrogen peroxide is the crucial chemical .
" It 's a very exciting result for us that our data now start to point to hydrogen peroxide as perhaps being a relevant signaling molecule for coupling metabolism to behaviors and rhythms in the animal , " Tower said .
Hydrogen peroxide would govern rhythms inside each cell as well as between cells , Tower added .
Every cell alternates between a metabolic phase - in which it burns oxygen to make energy - and a detoxification phase in which the cell breaks down the harmful by - products of combustion .
Those rhythms must be coupled with the energy - producing activity of the mitochondria .
" Because hydrogen peroxide is produced by mitochondria as a product of metabolism , it 's a great candidate for a relevant signal that might be modulating these cellular rhythms , " Tower said .
Source : University of Southern California ( news : web )
Explore further Genetic switch for circadian rhythms discovered
Omar al - Bashir says he is unconcerned about the charges against him Sudanese President Omar al - Bashir , indicted by the International Criminal Court , has pulled out of an Islamic summit in Istanbul , officials say .
The Turkish government had previously welcomed the attendance of President Bashir at the meeting and said that he would not be arrested .
But the EU , which Turkey hopes to join , wanted the invitation to be withdrawn .
Sudan 's state - run Suna news agency said " new developments " had required Mr Bashir 's presence in Sudan .
Mr Bashir was in Egypt on Sunday , taking part in a China - Africa summit in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el - Sheikh .
He was due in Istanbul on Monday for the summit of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) .
ANALYSIS Jonathan Head , Istanbul No-one is saying who blinked , but it was probably Turkey .
On Friday president Abdullah Gul brushed aside a private plea from the European Union saying it was not the EU 's place to interfere .
And over the weekend Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan sounded an equally defiant note saying he did not believe the Sudanese leader was involved in war crimes in Darfur .
Western governments have been careful not to challenge Turkey , as its foreign policy has appeared to shift sharply Eastwards .
But it is likely that quiet pressure from the US and the EU helped to change Turkey 's mind over President Bashir .
But Suna said he was returning to Khartoum to " find a solution " to a dispute between his ruling National Congress Party and the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement .
Mr Bashir has visited several African countries since the ICC issued the warrant for his arrest in March , saying he was responsible for atrocities in Darfur .
He has denied the accusations .
Turkey has pointed out it is not a signatory to the treaty which set up the Hague - based ICC .
Officials also say Mr Bashir was invited by the OIC and not Ankara .
But Turkey , which is seeking EU membership , had come under pressure from Brussels to drop Mr Bashir from the guest list .
" The Sudanese see and understand well the difficulties , " an unnamed senior Turkish diplomat told AFP news agency .
Earlier , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan questioned the charges against Mr Bashir and said that " no Muslim could perpetrate a genocide " , according to Turkey 's Anatolia news agency .
" If there was such a thing ( a genocide ) , we could talk about it face to face with President Bashir , " he was quoted as saying .
The ICC arrest warrant accuses Mr Bashir of running a campaign of genocide that killed 35,000 people outright , at least another 100,000 through a " slow death " and of forcing 2.5 million to flee their homes in Darfur .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
May , 1964 : The world looks on as peaceful , non-violent protests against racial segregation turn sour in St. Augustine , Florida .
During the coming weeks many protesters will receive verbal and physical abuse from local segregationists , most notably Klansmen .
The SCLC , founded by Martin Luther King , lends support to the protests .
June 30th , 1964 : Controversial activist Malcolm X sends the following telegram to King .
In it , he offers to send some ‘ brothers ’ to St. Augustine as backup .
January , 1965 : Asked about X’s views , King says : ‘ I know that I have often wished that he would talk less of violence , because violence is not going to solve our problem .
And in his litany of articulating the despair of the Negro without offering any positive , creative alternative , I feel that Malcolm has done himself and our people a great disservice . ’
Transcript
WESTERN UNION
TELEGRAM
AA36 SYC162 ( 39 ) .
SY LTA213 DL PD 5 EXTRA= TDLT EAST ELMHURST NY 30
1113A EDT=
1964 JUN 30 PM 12 03
DR MARTIN LUTHER KING=
ST AUGUSTINE FLO=
WE HAVE BEEN WITNESSING WITH GREAT CONCERN THE VICIOUS ATTACKS OF THE WHITE RACES AGAINST OUR POOR DEFENSELESS PEOPLE THERE IN ST AUGUSTINE .
IF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT WILL NOT SEND TROOPS TO YOUR AID , JUST SAY THE WORD AND WE WILL IMMEDIATELY DISPATCH SOME OUR BROTHERS THERE TO ORGANIZE SELF DEFENSE UNITS AMONG OUR PEOPLE AND THE KLU KLUX KLAN WILL THEN RECEIVE A TASTE OF ITS OWN MEDICINE .
THE DAY OF TURNING THE OTHER CHEEK TO THOSE BRUTE BEASTS IS OVER =
THE ORGANIZATION OF AFRO - AMERICAN UNITY
MALCOLM-X CHAIRMAN THERESA HOTEL HARLEM NY=
Be grateful there is a comic here because Tony was eaten by a wolf while Wes was hanging out in an abandoned amusement park .
Boy , 11 , shoots black bear dead on his family 's front porch
An eleven - year - old boy fatally shot a black bear on his family 's front porch after the animal would n't leave .
The youngster was at his home near Driggs , just west of the Idaho - Wyoming border , with his younger sisters last Wednesday when the bear showed up .
He told officials he first tried to shoo the animal away , but when it would not leave he got a gun and shot it .
Danger :
The black bear refused to leave the boy 's front porch
Doug Petersen , a conservation officer with the Idaho Department of Fish and Game , says the boy and his family probably wo n't be in any trouble .
The agency had received multiple complaints about a black bear in the area .
The bear had been hanging around a transfer station and getting into bins and bird feeders .
Petersen says Fish and Game does n't usually issue citations in situations where the bear had been a problem around humans .
The agency has issued the family a permit to keep the bear 's carcass .
Next Post :
The First Rule of Fight Club is Do n’t Mess with Lance Bass »
Poking fun at Thierry Henry after his own handball incident
A POINT OF VIEW
If a sport garlands itself with impenetrable rules , it is asking for the trouble these bring on and off the pitch , writes Clive James in his weekly column .
I have n't followed round - ball football seriously since the " professional foul " first got its name back in the 1980s .
What was the point of trying to stay interested in a sport where breaking the rules was a recognised tactic ?
But round - ball football - let 's call it soccer - is so big that it will come and get you even when you try to ignore it .
Just in case anyone missed it ...
I lost count of the number of news programmes and annual sports round - ups and documentaries about Argentina when I had to watch the ball make contact with Maradona 's hand before it continued its journey , went into the goal , and put England out of the 1986 World Cup .
Even today , Maradona will turn up on a cooking programme to show you the hand that handled the ball .
He calls it " the hand of God " .
Well , I suppose he would n't call it the hand that brought a whole sport into disrepute .
So Maradona stirs the gazpacho with a wooden spoon held by the hand of God while the producer cues the footage that once again shows the tarnished angel cheating .
Any footballer 's hand can get hit by the ball accidentally , of course , but in a real sport , if the result was unfairly advantageous to his side , he would tell the referee .
Not in soccer .
Because soccer is too important ?
No , because soccer is a pain in the neck .
Now a whole new cycle of football cheating footage has begun with Thierry Henry 's success in handling the ball in such a manner that Ireland went out while France went up , or went somewhere .
... or this one I could n't care less , except that I know I 'm going to have to see that footage again a hundred times , especially when I 'm trying not to .
I 'll be watching a historical programme about Louis XIV and there it will be .
Everyone in the world saw Thierry Henry handle the ball except the referee .
The obvious question is why , if we can see such a thing happening live on television , the referee can't see it shortly afterwards , even if he could n't see it at the time ?
America does it better
In American football , America being America , a tribunal the size of the Senate on a busy day examines the replay and sends down its ruling to the referee .
Employing this method , the American football world avoids the anomaly by which the soccer world puts the referee in the position of not being able to visit Ireland for the rest of his life .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 GMT
Or listen to it here later
The US , of course , as any soccer fan will tell you , pays the penalty of having a pointy - ball football code ludicrous beyond belief .
But I actually prefer watching American football when I can .
The level of aggression is nuclear but everyone can see what 's going on .
There is a lot of palaver , and an hour of play , what with all the interruptions , lasts longer than Lohengrin , but at least the rules rule .
That 's probably the main reason why there is so little violence off the field , among the fans .
All the violence is on the field , and none of the fans feels robbed by a bad ruling , because there wo n't be one .
Hence the fans do not attack each other , or lay waste the surrounding district .
Now you 're talking Soccer fans frequently feel robbed and react accordingly , but almost always they are attacking the wrong people .
Their real enemies are the people who wrote the rules , long ago .
The off - side rule , for example , was written by a Druid that the other Druids could n't understand .
After the first grand final at Stonehenge stadium , the referee was evenly distributed around the pitch .
The philosopher Wittgenstein once said that a game consists of the rules by which it is played .
Though rumours persist that he played inside left for Cambridge United under a pseudonym , Wittgenstein in fact knew next to nothing about football .
It would have presented him with a game that consists of rules impossible to interpret .
But perhaps he knew that and was talking about something else .
Lawn bowls .
Chinese checkers .
Mud wrestling .
Football fans know all about the bad rules but they love the game anyway .
It could be that I just do n't love any variety of football enough to put up with the drawbacks .
I was the worst scrum half that the Sydney Technical High School third grade rugby union side ever had , and you do n't get over that much early evidence that you lack talent .
Play by the rules , guys I was similarly untalented in athletics , and later on , though I strove to get interested , I lost interest quickly when drugs turned out to be involved .
They began in the East .
It was East Germany that started turning some of its women sprinters into men .
They even did it to the swimmers .
Not long before the Sydney Olympics , I hosted a black - tie fundraiser for the Australian Olympic team and I met some of my Aussie women swimming heroes , who spoiled my night by telling me that they had never got over the revelation that the best years of their lives had been wasted competing against robots built in East German laboratories .
Drugs do n't work Eventually the drugs spread West and ruined the Olympics completely .
When the beautiful American sprinter Marion Jones got busted I strove to tell myself I had no reason to care , because I could never run very fast anyway , so why should it bother me that those who could were faced with the choice of cheating or coming second ?
Marion Jones , just pipped at the post
But I could never drive a car either , and yet I loved Formula One motor racing .
I even went on loving it right through the period of Team Orders , when the team decided which of their two drivers was going to finish first , or at any rate ahead of their other driver .
I strove to stay fascinated even as it became clearer all the time that technical advances were making the sport boring , because the cars could n't get past each other .
A whole Grand Prix season would be one procession after another like a funeral on fast - forward , but you would still find me talking learnedly about how it was really all right for Senna to punt Prost off the road because it was within the rules .
With so much money at stake , everybody bent the rules to the limit but at least nobody cheated .
A sport for gentlemen , right ?
When Lewis Hamilton got the world championship , it was a bigger thing for me than Barack Obama getting the presidency .
Jenson Button was the next champion and I liked that too .
But then Nelson Piquet Jr of the Renault team said that his team leader had instructed him to crash so that the team 's other driver , Fernando Alonso , could win a race .
Renault team leader Flavio Briatore was unfairly endowed with wealth , silver hair , Naomi Campbell and Heidi Klum , but I had always tried to like him
The team leader , Flavio Briatore , was unfairly endowed with wealth , silver hair , Naomi Campbell and Heidi Klum , but I had always tried to like him .
After that , I liked him less , and I liked the sport less too .
Now I can sometimes miss watching a whole race without much caring .
I can never do that with the snooker .
I watch every frame .
Snooker is still a game that consists of the rules by which it is played .
I knew the producer who picked snooker out as the ideal game for television when BBC
Two went to air in colour .
His name was Phil Lewis and he asked himself the question : " What 's the game that needs colour ? "
I was clamped to the screen from the first season .
I just loved the way the players respected the rules , and they still do .
Despite every attempt by the producers to camp up the tournament with interviews , documentaries , chirpy introductions and dire humour , the game is still essentially two young men in black tie who would rather die than cheat .
The black tie , since those first days , has been augmented by enough logos on the waistcoat to rival Shinjuku by night , but the attitude is the same .
You wo n't catch Ronnie O'Sullivan apologising for being ambidextrous , but he does apologise if he scores a fluke .
They all do .
And any of them , if he accidentally brushes the wrong ball with his sleeve , will instantly yield the table to his opponent , even if neither his opponent nor the referee saw it happen .
They want to win fair and square .
Polite champions Golfers want that too .
Privileged by retirement , I can watch every big match through all four days and I keep watching even if nothing is happening except Tiger Woods looking for a lost ball .
He did that several times before missing the cut in the last British Open , the one that Tom Watson almost won even though he is practically my age .
Looking for something , Tiger ?
What a performance , and especially when he over - hit his approach shot to the last green and must have known straight away that he had blown it .
If ever there was a time to break a club over his caddy 's head , that was it .
But he just pursed his lips .
I thought tennis might be lost to me in the age of McEnroe , because it was quite clear that the All England Club were incapable of dealing with his tantrums , and could even convince themselves that he was within the spirit of the game .
But Borg was there to reassure me that the spirit of the game was still safe .
I admired McEnroe 's brilliance both on and off the court but Borg was my guy .
Until Sampras was .
And now it 's Federer .
One well - behaved champion after another .
Maybe we 've just been lucky , and a top 10 tennis player will soon turn up who tries to poison his opponent .
And maybe some aspiring snooker champion will invent the radio - controlled cue - ball .
But until then , I 've still got two places to hide from Thierry Henry .
Wait a second .
I can see a TV screen in the production booth .
Aagh .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I used to be married to a man who loved his sport , especially football , but he was incredulous that I found the whole experience less comfortable than an hour of dentistry ...
He 'd make me watch all manner of events and then tell me afterward how fantastic that game / race had been .
To me , most sports are less to do with skill , and more to do with creative performance in an effort to bring the audience ratings up .
I do wonder if there 's a difference in the " rule bending " for women 's football though .
( And I agree with Clive about snooker , an enthralling game because there is so much respect for the game itself . )
Heather , Willenhall Clive , as a fanatical soccer fan for many years , struggling to justify the game since the arrival of " gamesmanship " ( whoever coined such a malapropism ? ) - and Irish to boot - I empathise entirely .
And really enjoy the snooker too .
George , Rennes , France I wonder if the rule enforcement is intentionally poor .
It is a simple thing to introduce video referees , but I believe it has not been introduced because it creates controversy , arguments , fans feeling cheated , the violence , abuse and passion - I am sure Fifa feels it all " fuels " the success of the game .
As a Chelsea fan I feel saddened to watch Essien intentionally foul his opponents every week , I wish a video referee would quickly put an end to it so he could just be known as a great player .
In fact we do not need video referees to clean up the game .
Dive in the box , or handball , if the referee asks if you did it and you say no , and at a later date it is proven you did , you receive a 10 - match ban .
Andrew , Oxford I have lived in several countries and watch few sports .
I gave up on playing soccer at age 12 when I could n't figure out the offside rules .
40 years later and I am still confused .
One big problem with soccer is the low scores .
If you have game with a dozen scoring events in a game then any one is not so important .
But if you have a tournament where there is only one or two chances to score , then the temptation to cheat is so much greater .
Gregory , Edmonton , Canada
Is n't this a ( heavily ) skewed analysis of an immensely popular sport ?
There are examples of players who refuse obvious advantages like penalty kicks and red cards to the opposition ?
Arshavin springs to mind first .
Being a Manchester United fan , I loathe everything Arsenal but if I remember correctly , Arshavin remonstrated with the referee in a game against Portsmouth when Arsenal were awarded a penalty for what was obviously an excellent tackle on Arshavin himself .
Of course , the decision once taken could n't be reversed but its the spirit that counts is n't it ?
If you dig further , I 'm sure you could come up with plenty more similar incidents .
It 's the people who play the sport that count , not the ( supposed ) incompetence of the officials or the rule makers .
Ashwin , Chennai , India Football , as a sport that makes role models out of its star players , has a responsibility to demonstrate fair play , and show in the glare of the cameras individuals taking responsibility for their own actions and playing by the rules and yes , even if the finance director might not like it , calling fouls on themselves when they know full well they 've cheated .
And I 'm talking about doing that instantly on the pitch , not in the post - match interview .
Judith , Bristol , UK Not one word about the Tour de France ?
Jean Dixsaut , Paris , France
You 're being a little naive Clive , if you think that an interpretation of a bad rule in football ( not soccer , please ! ) leads to hooliganism .
The thugs have already decided when and where to have a post - match fight before the game is even played .
Margaret , Christchurch , NZ Another sport that may interest you is curling .
It is largely a self regulated sport whose participants would n't dream of taking an unfair advantage .
Peter Yardley , Campbell River , BC , Canada Sir , it must be hell inside your head .
Sport watching must be a tedious , mathematical process , your description of sports sounds more akin to a machine computing code than what belongs to a true spectator .
The passion of soccer as THE global sport is unmatched , especially by something as irrelevant in the grand scheme of things as oblong - ball soccer , that war - based barbarity you call American football .
You miss the point in pointing to a few bad apples as condemnation of the sport .
" The spirit of the game " does n't revolve around the pitch of the World Cup , but around anywhere where enough plastic can be tied together to make a ball and four rocks can be found to make goals : soccer cuts through class lines , and is often the only commonality that someone in the slums of Nairobi can find with a businessman in Dubai or a snooty BBC commentator .
THAT is why we love the sport .
Santiago Perez , Mexico City , Mexico
It seems that Clive James can't even live by his own rules .
He promised he'd never watch F1 again years ago , but seems to have been loving it all through that period .
Nigel Baker , Lewes , UK I 'm an American , new to " football " , and so I 've been really interested in this whole affair , and have watched the video over and over ...
Irish fans need to have a closer look at the video , too .
The Irish defenders are in position , but instead of STOPPING Henry 's cross , they 're all calling for the penalty - while the ball is still in play , before it 's headed , while it was still in the BOX .
Had they been doing THEIR job - instead of the referee's - they'd be in the World Cup now .
Jon , Aberdeen ( New Orleans )
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Curry :
On the credibility of climate research
Judy Curry writes in as follows :
Having been riveted for the last few days by posts in the blogosphere on the HADCRU hack and the increasing attention being given to this by the mainstream media , I would like to provide an “ external but insider ” assessment and perspective .
My perspective is as a climate researcher that is not involved directly in any of the controversies and issues in the purloined HADCRU emails , but as one that is familiar with this research , the surrounding controversies , and many of the individuals who sent these emails .
While the blogosphere has identified many emails that allegedly indicate malfeasance , clarifications especially from Gavin Schmidt have been very helpful in providing explanations and the appropriate context for these emails .
However , even if the hacked emails from HADCRU end up to be much ado about nothing in the context of any actual misfeasance that impacts the climate data records , the damage to the public credibility of climate research is likely to be significant .
In my opinion , there are two broader issues raised by these emails that are impeding the public credibility of climate research : lack of transparency in climate data , and “ tribalism ” in some segments of the climate research community that is impeding peer review and the assessment process .
1. Transparency .
Climate data needs to be publicly available and well documented .
This includes metadata that explains how the data were treated and manipulated , what assumptions were made in assembling the data sets , and what data was omitted and why .
This would seem to be an obvious and simple requirement , but the need for such transparency has only been voiced recently as the policy relevance of climate data has increased .
The HADCRU surface climate dataset and the paleoclimate dataset that has gone into the various “ hockeystick ” analyses stand out as lacking such transparency .
Much of the paleoclimate data and metadata has become available only because of continued public pressure from Steve McIntyre .
Datasets that were processed and developed decades ago and that are now regarded as essential elements of the climate data record often contain elements whose raw data or metadata were not preserved ( this appears to be the case with HADCRUT ) .
The HADCRU surface climate dataset needs public documentation that details the time period and location of individual station measurements used in the data set , statistical adjustments to the data , how the data were analyzed to produce the climatology , and what measurements were omitted and why .
If these data and metadata are unavailable , I would argue that the data set needs to be reprocessed ( presumably the original raw data is available from the original sources ) .
Climate data sets should be regularly reprocessed as new data becomes available and analysis methods improve .
There are a number of aspects of the surface climate record that need to be understood better .
For example , the surface temperature bump ca. 1940 needs to be sorted out , and I am personally lacking confidence in how this period is being treated in the HADCRUT analysis .
In summary , given the growing policy relevance of climate data , increasingly higher standards must be applied to the transparency and availability of climate data and metadata .
These standards should be clarified , applied and enforced by the relevant national funding agencies and professional societies that publish scientific journals .
2. Climate tribalism .
Tribalism is defined here as a strong identity that separates one ’s group from members of another group , characterized by strong in - group loyalty and regarding other groups differing from the tribe ’s defining characteristics as inferior .
In the context of scientific research , tribes differ from groups of colleagues that collaborate and otherwise associate with each other professionally .
As a result of the politicization of climate science , climate tribes ( consisting of a small number of climate researchers ) were established in response to the politically motivated climate disinformation machine that was associated with e.g.
ExxonMobil , CEI , Inhofe / Morano etc .
The reaction of the climate tribes to the political assault has been to circle the wagons and point the guns outward in an attempt to discredit misinformation from politicized advocacy groups .
The motivation of scientists in the pro AGW tribes appears to be less about politics and more about professional ego and scientific integrity as their research was under assault for nonscientific reasons ( I ’m sure there are individual exceptions , but this is my overall perception ) .
I became adopted into a “ tribe ” during Autumn 2005 after publication of the Webster et al. hurricane and global warming paper .
I and my colleagues were totally bewildered and overwhelmed by the assault we found ourselves under , and associating with a tribe where others were more experienced and savvy about how to deal with this was a relief and very helpful at the time .
After becoming more knowledgeable about the politics of climate change ( both the external politics and the internal politics within the climate field ) , I became concerned about some of the tribes pointing their guns inward at other climate researchers who question their research or do n’t pass various loyalty tests .
I even started spending time at climateaudit , and my public congratulations to Steve McIntyre when climateaudit won the “ best science blog award ” was greeted with a rather unpleasant email from one of the tribal members .
While the “ hurricane wars ” fizzled out in less than a year as the scientists recovered from the external assault and got back to business as usual in terms of arguing science with their colleagues , the “ hockey wars ” have continued apparently unabated .
With the publication of the IPCC 4th Assessment report , the Nobel Peace Prize , and energy legislation near the top of the national legislative agenda , the “ denialists ” were becoming increasingly irrelevant ( the Heartland Conference and NIPCC are not exactly household words ) .
Hence it is difficult to understand the continued circling of the wagons by some climate researchers with guns pointed at skeptical researchers by apparently trying to withhold data and other information of relevance to published research , thwart the peer review process , and keep papers out of assessment reports .
Scientists are of course human , and short - term emotional responses to attacks and adversity are to be expected , but I am particularly concerned by this apparent systematic and continuing behavior from scientists that hold editorial positions , serve on important boards and committees and participate in the major assessment reports .
It is these issues revealed in the HADCRU emails that concern me the most , and it seems difficult to spin many of the emails related to FOIA , peer review , and the assessment process .
I sincerely hope that these emails do not in actuality reflect what they appear to , and I encourage Gavin Schmidt et al. to continue explaining the individual emails and the broader issues of concern .
In summary , the problem seems to be that the circling of the wagons strategy developed by small groups of climate researchers in response to the politically motivated attacks against climate science are now being used against other climate researchers and the more technical blogs ( e.g. Climateaudit , Lucia , etc ) .
Particularly on a topic of such great public relevance , scientists need to consider carefully skeptical arguments and either rebut them or learn from them .
Trying to suppress them or discredit the skeptical researcher or blogger is not an ethical strategy and one that will backfire in the long run .
I have some sympathy for Phil Jones ’ concern of not wanting to lose control of his personal research agenda by having to take the time to respond to all the queries and requests regarding his dataset , but the receipt of large amounts of public funding pretty much obligates CRU to respond to these requests .
The number of such requests would be drastically diminished if all relevant and available data and metadata were made publicly accessible , and if requests from Steve McIntyre were honored ( I assume that many spurious requests have been made to support Steve McIntyre ’s request , and these would all disappear ) .
The HADCRU hack has substantially increased the relevance of Climateaudit , WUWT , etc .
The quickest way for HADCRU et al. to put Climateaudit and the rest of this tribe out of business is make all climate data and metadata public and make every effort to improve the datasets based on all feedback that you receive .
Do this and they will quickly run out of steam and become irrelevant ☺.
Gavin Schmidt ’s current efforts at realclimate are a good step in the right direction of increasing transparency .
But the broader issue is the need to increase the public credibility of climate science .
This requires publicly available data and metadata , a rigorous peer review process , and responding to arguments raised by skeptics .
The integrity of individual scientists that are in positions of responsibility ( e.g. administrators at major research institutions , editorial boards , major committees , and assessments ) is particularly important for the public credibility of climate science .
The need for public credibility and transparency has dramatically increased in recent years as the policy relevance of climate research has increased .
The climate research enterprise has not yet adapted to this need , and our institutions need to strategize to respond to this need .
Toplitz Lake is said to hide a Nazi treasure / europics .at
SS general Ernst Kaltenbrunner is said to have sunk the secret loot in Toplitz Lake as Allied forces swept through Europe at the end of World War II .
Previous dives have discovered hundreds of thousands of pounds of forged British currency and boxes of top secret SS documents .
But now Austrian nature experts are to demand a 99 year ban on all future dives because the constant hunt for treasure is disturbing local wildlife .
The Bundesforste forest authority says diving expeditions have become so big that they risk losing species from the lake , near Bas Aussee .
One expert told the Austrian Times : " These Indiana Jones types are very bad news for the animals that make their home around the lake . "
Thirty - three LCLS undulator magnets create intense X - ray laser light from a pulse of electrons traveling 99.9999999 percent the speed of light .
Credit : Image courtesy of Brad Plummer , SLAC .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The first experiments are now underway using the world 's most powerful X - ray laser , the Linac Coherent Light Source , located at the Department of Energy 's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory .
Illuminating objects and processes at unprecedented speed and scale , the LCLS has embarked on groundbreaking research in physics , structural biology , energy science , chemistry and a host of other fields .
In early October , researchers from around the globe began traveling to SLAC to get an initial glimpse into how the X - ray laser interacts with atoms and molecules .
The LCLS is unique , shining light that can resolve detail the size of atoms at ten billion times the brightness of any other manmade X - ray source .
" No one has ever had access to this kind of light before , " said LCLS Director Jo Stöhr .
" The realization of the LCLS is n't only a huge achievement for SLAC , but an achievement for the global science community .
It will allow us to study the atomic world in ways never before possible . "
The LCLS is a testament to SLAC 's continued leadership in accelerator technology .
Over 40 years ago , the laboratory 's two - mile linear accelerator , or linac , was built to study the fundamental building blocks of the universe .
Now , decades later , this same machine has been revitalized for frontier research underway at the LCLS .
The first experiments are now underway using the world 's most powerful X - ray laser , the Linac Coherent Light Source , located at the Department of Energy 's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory .
Illuminating objects and processes at unprecedented speed and scale , the LCLS has embarked on groundbreaking research in physics , structural biology , energy science , chemistry and a host of other fields .
Credit : Video courtesy of SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory .
After SLAC 's linac accelerates very short pulses of electrons to 99.9999999 percent the speed of light , the LCLS takes them through a 100 - meter stretch of alternating magnets that force the electrons to slalom back and forth .
This motion causes the electrons to emit X - rays , which become synchronized as they interact with the electron pulses over this long slalom course , thereby creating the world 's brightest X - ray laser pulse .
Each of these laser pulses packs as many as 10 trillion X - ray photons into a bunch that 's a mere 100 femtoseconds long — the time it takes light to travel the width of a human hair .
Currently , user - assisted commissioning is underway , with researchers conducting experiments using the Atomic , Molecular and Optical science instrument , the first of six planned instruments for the LCLS .
In these first AMO experiments , researchers are using X - rays from the LCLS to gain an in - depth understanding of how the ultra - bright beam interacts with matter .
Early experiments are already revealing new insights into the fundamentals of atomic physics and have successfully proven the machine 's unique capabilities to control and manipulate the underlying properties of atoms and molecules .
Earlier this month , researchers used the LCLS 's strobe - like pulses to completely strip neon atoms of all their electrons .
Researchers also watched for two - photon ionization — an event where two photons pool their energy to eject a single electron from an atom .
Normally difficult to observe at X - ray facilities , researchers at the LCLS were able to study these events using the extreme brightness of the laser beam .
Future AMO experiments will create stop-action movies of molecules in motion .
The LCLS 's quick , short , repetitive X - ray bursts enable researchers to take individual photos as molecules move and interact .
By stringing together many such images to make a movie , researchers will for the first time have the ability to watch the molecules of life in action , view chemical bonds forming and breaking in real time , and see how materials work on the quantum level .
By 2013 , all six LCLS scientific instruments will be online and operational , giving researchers unprecedented tools for a broad range of research in material science , medicine , chemistry , energy science , physics , biology and environmental science .
" It 's hard to overstate how successful these first experiments have been , " said AMO Instrument Scientist John Bozek .
" We look forward to even better things to come . "
Source : SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory ( news : web )
Explore further First Test of New X-ray Laser Strips Neon Bare
Climate change is a change in the statistical distribution of weather over periods of time that range from decades to millions of years .
If we do nothing to stop it , climate change will cause severe water shortages , rising sea levels will swallow cities , and pest outbreaks will sicken people and kill crops .
One of the early signs we are already experiencing is an increase in extreme weather events such as destructive storms , drought and floods .
SmashingApps and FileBanker are teaming up to do their part for the environment .
Average American consumes more than 700 pounds of paper per year , highest compared to anywhere else in the world .
Hundreds of thousands of trees are cut down per day to support the consumption of paper that can be easily avoided .
SmashingApps believes that we can change that by helping people save and share their documents electronically instead of printing them out each time .
We do not want you to print so much so we are offering 500 GB file hosting accounts for free at FileBanker .
You will need to enter “ smashingapps ” in the promo code field .
You can use these accounts to share all your documents without ever having to print anything .
Climate Change is a global issue and adapting green habits is good for the environment , but who knew it can get us great deals too .
Here are some great environmental benefits for us if we always remember these to follow in our daily life .
Turn off lights , computers and other appliances when not in use .
Use compact fluorescent light bulbs to save money and energy .
Plant trees to shade your home .
Use solar power for home and water heating .
Ask your employer to consider flexible work schedules or telecommuting .
Install a low - flow shower head .
Copy and print on both sides of paper .
Unplug seldom used appliances .
Use e-mail instead of paper correspondence .
Buy products that you can reuse .
Buy rechargeable batteries for devices used frequently .
Buy the right amount of paint for the job .
Use a ceramic coffee mug instead of a disposable cup .
All you have to do to get your free 500 GB file hosting accounts is to suggest that how to stop Climate Change by going Green and make a promise to follow this .
When giving your suggestion and making a promise please post a link to this post .
You can make it in any of the following ways …
Post it on Twitter , post it on your blog , or post a video of it on YouTube , or create a picture and post it on Flickr .
Actually the promise is to do one green thing and share that message with all their contacts .
You can make your promise anyway you like as long as we can verify it and do n’t forget to follow us on twitter .
Once you have made the pledge post the link to your promise in the comments below and sign up for your free file hosting account using this form you will need to enter “ smashingapps ” in the promo code field .
The last date to create your free account will be Friday , November 13 , 2009 .
Here are some sample promises you can post on twitter
* I promise to turn off lights , computers and other appliances when not in use .
Do you ?
* I promise to copy and print on both sides of paper .
Do you ?
* I promise to buy recycled paper if printing is really necessary .
Do you ?
* I promise to avoid miss - printing and if happens I will keep that pages for rough drafts .
Do you ?
* I promise to use e-mail instead of paper correspondence .
Do you ?
My Promise
I promise to turn off lights , computers and other appliances when not in use .
Do you ?
http://twitter.com/SmashingApps/status/5573822809
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
The Silver Spring Township supervisors fired police Officer Tracy L. Miller Wednesday night after they spent nearly two hours in private session debating her job status .
The board voted 3 - 2 to follow a recommendation from Chief Jim Sadler to terminate Miller 's employment .
The supervisors did not reveal details on Sadler 's recommendation .
Miller , 38 , of York Haven , did not attend the meeting .
When contacted at home after the meeting , she said she would file a grievance with the West Shore Police Association .
Miller faces a court hearing on a charge that she passed a school bus on Carlisle Pike while its red lights were flashing Sept. 17 .
If convicted , state law compels the court to suspend her license for 60 days .
Her preliminary hearing before District Judge Tom Placey is scheduled for Nov. 12 .
Suppose for a minute — which is about 59 seconds too long , but that 's for another column — that global warming poses an imminent threat to the survival of our species .
Suppose , too , that the best solution involves a helium balloon , several miles of garden hose and a harmless stream of sulfur dioxide being pumped into the upper atmosphere , all at a cost of a single F - 22 fighter jet .
Good news , right ?
Maybe , but not if you 're Al Gore or one of his little helpers .
The ...
AmazonBasics Microwave
Using your voice to control a microwave is a natural fit , and Amazon 's competitive pricing essentially puts no premium on the Alexa - powered smarts .
Even if you never use the voice commands , this microwave is a low - risk investment for one or two people in a smaller living space .
Midlife Crisis , Stress and Depression
' Midlife Crisis ' is something that happens to many of us at some point during our lives ( usually , at about 40 , give or take 20 years ) .
Midlife Crisis is a natural process ( first identified by the psychologist Carl Jung ) and it is a normal part of ' maturing ' .
However , Midlife Crisis can sometimes feel very uncomfortable , and cause people to seek psychotherapy or counselling , or to make radical lifestyle changes that can be very damaging and are regretted later .
It can help to view Midlife Crisis from the perspective of differing personality types , as this will give you a greater understanding of what is happening .
If you are going through midlife crisis , you might experience a wide range of feelings , such as :
Discontent with life and / or the lifestyle that may have provided happiness for many years
Boredom with things / people that have hitherto held great interest and dominated your life
Feeling adventurous and wanting to do something completely different
Questioning the meaning of life , and the validity of decisions clearly and easily made years before
Confusion about who you are , or where your life is going .
These feelings at mid-life can occur naturally , or they can be brought on by external factors .
One external factor can be debt .
The availability of credit has become easier in recent years , through credit cards and telephone / internet loans .
This has made it easier to accumulate debt , and many people turn to debt consolidation or debt management services in order to find their way out of difficulty .
Another external factor can be a bereavement , such as the death of a parent - or other significant loss or change , such as redundancy or divorce .
These things can cause significant grief which can be difficult enough to come to terms with on their own .
But if they are compounded by the natural process of ' mid - life transition ' this can make the whole process of adjustment bewildering and overwhelming .
However , even in the absence of difficult external circumstances , there is still an internal process of change that takes place during midlife .
If you do n't understand that process it can feel like a ' crisis ' and as you attempt to come to terms with it , you may find yourself making poor or irrational decisions that you regret at a later date - eg : leaving your job or spouse and throwing away the security that you have built up in the first part of your adult life .
If you do understand the process of midlife transition , it can make it easier ( though still not easy ) to navigate your way through it .
The second page in this article will give you an overview of that process , particularly from the personality type perspective .
However , if you are finding midlife difficult to deal with , it is worth considering psychotherapy or counselling , as these services can help you steer your way through difficult midlife circumstances without going off the rails .
Midlife Crisis part 2
Pride Of Cucamonga , Money Money , Unbroken Chain , Unbroken Chain , Unbroken Chain , Scarlet Begonias , Pride of Cucamonga , Ship Of Fools , Money Money , Loose Lucy , Unbroken Chain , Scarlet Begonias , Pride Of Cucamonga , Ship Of Fools , Money Money , Loose Lucy , US Blues
Mars Hotel Outtakes ; SBD >?> CDR ; note shn linked to wrong gig 51081 , needs to be 70353 - see problem
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : doug_the_dude - - February 4 , 2019
Subject : -- Wonderful , warbly old outtake collection .
I MUCH prefer this over Mars Hotel .
You got yourself enough live versions of these songs to leave the , yes , overproduced album on the shelf .
But this instrumental stuff is priceless and simple , streamlined , stripped down .
Keep the best of the bunch , especially those acoustic Phil demos .
- February 4 , 2019 --
Reviewer : Chris U. - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 5 , 2015
Subject : Definitely not " 1974 - 12 - 1 "
All these tracks were recorded in April of 1974 except for the Crazy Fingers which is a studio rehearsal from 1975 .
There is an acoustic version of Cucamunga from August of 1973 that appears on the Mars Hotel CD as a bonus track ; it 's nowhere in the Archive as far as I can tell ...
From DeadEssays :
http://deadessays.blogspot.com/2013/07/studio-outtakes-1965-1974.html
" The first three tracks sound like a single rehearsal session , all “ live ” takes with vocals : three takes of Cucamonga [ sic - should read " two takes " ] , one of Money , and a false start & take of Unbroken Chain .
Then Phil ’s acoustic demo of Unbroken Chain , same as the CD bonus track .
The remaining tracks are all basic instrumental takes without overdubs : Unbroken Chain , Scarlet Begonias , Cucamonga , Ship of Fools , Money , Loose Lucy & US Blues .
These are frequently different from the album takes – for instance note Garcia ’s guitar parts in Cucamonga & Unbroken Chain " Note : tracks 13 - 19 are repeats of tracks 5 - 11 .
All these tracks were recorded in April of 1974 except for the Crazy Fingers which is a studio rehearsal from 1975 .
There is an acoustic version of Cucamunga from August of 1973 that appears on the Mars Hotel CD as a bonus track ; it 's nowhere in the Archive as far as I can tell ... From DeadEssays : " The first three tracks sound like a single rehearsal session , all “ live ” takes with vocals : three takes of Cucamonga [ sic - should read " two takes " ] , one of Money , and a false start & take of Unbroken Chain .
Then Phil ’s acoustic demo of Unbroken Chain , same as the CD bonus track .
The remaining tracks are all basic instrumental takes without overdubs : Unbroken Chain , Scarlet Begonias , Cucamonga , Ship of Fools , Money , Loose Lucy & US Blues .
These are frequently different from the album takes – for instance note Garcia ’s guitar parts in Cucamonga & Unbroken Chain " - January 5 , 2015 Definitely not " 1974-12 -1 "
Reviewer : c- freedom - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 5 , 2015
Subject :
Tax me to the limit of my revenue
This is a great trip thru the process of getting a song out for a record .
I am a big fan of the satire in Money , Money but the song sounds so paltry between PRIDE OF CUCAMONGA and UNBROKEN CHAIN .
The instrumental versions are way cool .
Something I always thought would have been fun for the band to dabble with live every once in awhile .
Best of these for me is the UNBROKEN CHAIN .
A lot of that sounds like the back part of EYES they would tinker with in 1973 ,
Just starting to get into 74 and this recording definitely helps capture some of the texture of the year .
FURTHUR=
If for no other reason I am glad that CUCAMONGA and UNBROKEN CHAIN got a good airing with Phil still at the helm .
( 74 instead of 94 indeed ! )
And wow is that a cool instrumental Crazy Fingers !
- January 5 , 2015
Tax me to the limit of my revenue
Reviewer : SillyDead !
- favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 6 , 2014
Subject : hmmmm 4:20 eh ?
Let 's see now , a couple of Scarlets at 4:20 eh ?
Ha - ha -ha !
Now we know what kind of Scarlets they like !
Ha-ha ! - March 6 , 2014hmmmm 4:20 eh ?
Reviewer : oicu812 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 29 , 2013
Subject : delightful treat so cool to listen to the guys practicing these tunes in the studio .
VERY good versions of unbroken chain .
i sure wish they had n't waited 20 years later to play it live because it sounds like they had it down pretty well here in ' 74 .
well worth listening to for any dead fan .
really dig all the instrumentals .
groovy version of loose lucy too !
- August 29 , 2013delightful treat
Reviewer : abrazilian - favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 11 , 2011
Subject : Download ?
Is it possible to get these songs as downloadable files , so I can listen to the jams offline ?
I am digging this Loose Lucy big time ... - August 11 , 2011 Download ?
Reviewer : ikyr - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 30 , 2010
Subject :
Is the date accurate ?
Awsome recordings , but did n't Mars Hotel come out much earlier in 1974 ?
- January 30 , 2010
Is the date accurate ?
Reviewer : Twogunterror - favorite favorite favorite - February 3 , 2009
Subject : Title of Review
Its so cool to hear them putting these songs together Twogunterror -- February 3 , 2009 Title of Review
Reviewer : taemacho - favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 22 , 2008
Subject : repeats here I know the last section of songs are just repeats of the middle section cleaned up with the hiss removed , which I like .
These are cool versions of these songs .
I know some of you might think this funny , but I 'm going to play and sing with them at karaoke .
- December 22 , 2008 repeats here
Reviewer : SKA - NOOGE - favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 1 , 2008
Subject : GOOD and DIFFERENT
I a had this recording when I was a teen , it came to me with the title of this review , and used to love it !!!
It Certainly brings back a few memories ...
Thanks Obine !!!
The reason I kept it as long as I did , was after the Studio outakes .
My cassette contained a filler of PigPen , Like four days before he passed on .
Just some aucoustic ramblings , I believe .
With 4 songs , one titled " I'm Going , I 'm Gone , So Long "
It was extremely good and sad at the same time , I had it a good number of years , But gave to a huge Pig fan , or was he a Mars man ( ? ) , I met somewhere in my travels ... ( sound familiar ? )
The flip side of my copy had a soundcheck concert from ... ' 81 i think .
4 stars for the memories ... - December 1 , 2008GOOD and DIFFERENT
Reviewer : tomatoman66 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 12 , 2008
Subject : Pride Pride of Cucamonga .
Anyone know where there 's a live version .
i doubt it , but it sure does sound good .
If i could trade just one hideous looks like rain or loser for a nice life pride , that would be nice !
- February 12 , 2008 Pride
Reviewer : trapper9 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 5 , 2008
Subject : Unbroken Chain No. 4
Yeah , the sound quality is n't all that swell .
The people who show up at my funeral can still sit through this instrumental version of Unbroken Chain .
- February 5 , 2008 Unbroken Chain No. 4
Reviewer : SNKleom - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 13 , 2007
Subject :
It 's A Privilige I have deep gratitude to be able to hear the creative process unfolding , like a fly on the wall at Front Street .
Please remember what a rhythmically complex tune " UC " is .
And , it occurs to me that ( early ) Keith does get enough props -- the guy -- before the smack got him -- had chops .
- October 13 , 2007
It's A Privilige
Reviewer : JeremyP - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 15 , 2007
Subject : Funny story ... I saw the Dead 's three shows at the Ally Pally in 1974 .
More than a little discombobulated all three nights .
Swore for years that they had played BOTH Unbroken Chain AND Pride .
Many years before I realised ... I had been more than a little discombibulated :-) - July 15 , 2007
Funny story ...
Reviewer : JamminJerome - favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 10 , 2007
Subject : awesome stuff !!!!
Unbroken Chain - man , I wish they had started playing it in 74 instead of 94 !!
What an amazing song !
Pride - another excellent song - why did they never play this live ?
Had so much potential !
There 's also a great Crazy Fingers hiding here
Sound is not great , knocking this fun collection down from a 5 to a 4 . - May 10 , 2007 awesome stuff !!!!
Reviewer : I_love_you - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 1 , 2006
Subject : i heard it !
i heard pride of cucamunga LIVE this summer !!!
i dunno if phil ever played it with the dead , but he played it this summer , i think at hartford , but im not sure , it was killer .
its nice to know , that , even if some of the stone - age hippies dont think about it much , its still on phils mind .
- December 1 , 2006 i heard it !
Reviewer : tree - ap - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 19 , 2006
Subject : star gauge I 'm not sure it makes any sense to give this a STAR rating at all .
This is just a rehearsal dontcha know .
As we ALL know , they could spin straw into gold , or mash it into cattle feed .
This applies to public performances as well as rehearsals .
Though , the rehearsals were never meant to be heard & judged by the general public like shows could be .
Personally , Pride Of Cucamonga is my favorite song on Mars Hotel , so since they never played it live , being able to hear it at all is worth five stars to me .
It 's worth listening to in it 's entirety .
WEEEEE LOOOOOVVVVVEEEEE
YOOOUUU !!!!
- September 19 , 2006 star gauge
Reviewer : capn doubledose - favorite favorite - February 9 , 2006
Subject : OK I had this tape a long time ago with much better quality + it 's not that great .
- February 9 , 2006OK
Reviewer : L. Rosley - favorite favorite favorite - August 21 , 2005
Subject : Some better than released Mars Hotel Crazy Fingers , Ship of Fools ( a mixed acoustic and electric instrument ) , and Scarlet Begonias , are the highlights here , worth checking out .
The sound is n't all that good , but some of these versions are better than those on the released Mars Hotel , which is generally overproduced .
Because of the production and the number of weak songs , Mars Hotel lags behind 1973's Wake of the Flood , but the boys came back in 1975 with Blues for Allah ( which has Crazy Fingers ) .
Be sure to check out the Wake of the Flood outtakes in the 1973 section .
- August 21 , 2005 Some better than released Mars Hotel
Reviewer : muzikphan - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 7 , 2005
Subject : crazy fingers & ship of fools these alone are worth the download , sweet instrumentals - January 7 , 2005 crazy fingers & ship of fools
Reviewer : Kohntarkosz - favorite favorite favorite - November 17 , 2004
Subject : Just For The Record ...
I think the acoustic demo of Unbroken Chain is the same one that 's on the newly released Beyond Description boxset .
Phil 's comments during the track , where he actually says the names of the chords , and especially his comment about the pauses during the instrumental bit , are virtually identical .
THere seems to be more reverb on this version , suggesting that somewhere along the way , some armchair record producer decided to do some amateur remixing .
Other than that , I really do n't know much about these tracks .
I 'm looking forward to using them as filler at the end of other shows ( ya know , the ones where there 's a third or fourth CD that 's only 30 minutes long ) .
:-) - November 17 , 2004Just For The Record ...
Reviewer : Alpine7784 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 31 , 2004
Subject : Worthy
There are 4 " Unbroken Chains " listed .
The first features an aborted attempt of the tune due to an error by Keith ( Jerry calls him Fumblefingers Godchaux " and sentances him to " twenty laps " as punishment ) , then a complete vocalized runthrough .
The second is Phil walking through the tune solo , on an acoustic guitar .
He sings and calls out some chord changes ; clearly he 's documenting the progression of the song for the others in the band to learn from .
The third is an electric instrumental version .
Jerry ' solo is really well played .
The 4th is merely another copy of the instrumental version just mentioned above and there 's no need to download it twice .
Sound quality is fairly rough , but it 's a treat to hear these outtakes .
Enjoy .
Great to hear these outtakes .
Archive.org is wonderful ; thanks to all who makes these downloads possible .
There are 4 " Unbroken Chains " listed .
The first features an aborted attempt of the tune due to an error by Keith ( Jerry calls him Fumblefingers Godchaux " and sentances him to " twenty laps " as punishment ) , then a complete vocalized runthrough .
The second is Phil walking through the tune solo , on an acoustic guitar .
He sings and calls out some chord changes ; clearly he 's documenting the progression of the song for the others in the band to learn from .
The third is an electric instrumental version .
Jerry ' solo is really well played .
The 4th is merely another copy of the instrumental version just mentioned above and there 's no need to download it twice .
Sound quality is fairly rough , but it 's a treat to hear these outtakes .
Enjoy .
- October 31 , 2004Worthy
Sixth Annual Weblog Awards : The 2006 Bloggies
Millions of blogs .
Thousands of nominees .
151 finalists .
Thirty winners .
It 's now the sixth year of the world 's most established weblog awards , the Bloggies™ .
Personal
Web publishing never stops growing , and that means this year the public will have more contenders than ever to select from when choosing the year 's best weblogs .
2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , and 2005 have their champions ; now it 's time for you to do your part for 2006 .
Read on .
Read the Rules A " weblog " is defined as a page with dated entries .
The contest is open to any weblogs that existed for a period of time during the year 2005 , so weblogs that were discontinued during 2005 are also eligible .
Only one nomination form and one finalist voting form may be submitted per person .
E-mail addresses are required to vote .
You must use your own address .
If you attempt to submit a second ballot , your first one will be erased .
In the nomination phase : URLs are required ( where applicable ) .
The maximum number of weblogs you may nominate for a category is three ( 3 ) for most categories and four ( 4 ) for Weblog of the Year .
At least three ( 3 ) different weblogs total must be nominated .
You may nominate your own weblog , but the total nominations for your own weblog must be less than one third of your total ( legitimate ) nominations .
There is no limit to the number of categories a weblog may be nominated for .
Nominees have to fit the category they are placed in .
The system alerts me of suspicious ballots , and I also may exclude ballots when I suspect the voter is n't following the rules .
This means no bots .
These rules may change at any time , but they probably wo n't .
Learn About the Procedure From January 1 , 2006 until 10:00 PM Eastern Standard Time ( GMT - 5 ) on Tuesday , January 10 , anyone was able to nominate their favorite weblogs .
That Friday , January 13 , three panels of 50 voters received an e-mail .
It listed the weblogs that receieved the most nominations in ten categories .
They had until 10:00 PM EST on Wednesday , January 18 to privately submit their five favorites ( six for Weblog of the Year ) for each category .
The five ( or six for Weblog of the Year ) receiving the most votes became finalists .
I ( Nikolai Nolan ) only voted for the panel in the case of a tie for fifth place .
This panel was on an opt - in policy .
On Sunday , January 22 , the finalists were announced and voting is open again to choose the winners .
Voting will close at 10:00 PM EST on Tuesday , January 31 .
The winners will be posted sometime between Sunday , March 13 and Tuesday , March 15 .
Come to the Ceremony The Weblog Awards ™ ceremony will be held at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival for the third time in Austin , Texas , USA on Monday , March 13 at 12:30 PM at the Trade Show Day Stage .
Webloggers including previous Bloggie™ winners and prize contributors will present certificates and prizes to those present .
Those who are n't attending may join the excitement on IRC , in # BlogIRC on irc.turlyming.com .
Winners will be announced live and a play - by - play of the ceremony will be given .
After the ceremony , the results will be posted on this page .
Admire the Prizes Because of the large amount of categories , I wo n't personally give a award to every winner , but the Weblog of the Year owner (s ) will receive 2,006 US cents ( US $ 20.06 ) .
Also , contributors can donate their own prizes to the category of their choice , and if the contributor has a site , it will be linked from this page .
If the contributor is going to SXSW , he / she can also have the privilege of announcing / presenting the category sponsored at the ceremony .
To donate one , the contributor can bring it to SXSW , mail it to the winner , or send an online gift certificate or cash to the winner .
Prizes that are more creative than my $ 20 are encouraged .
Send me an e-mail to get your prize added .
Sorry , " to be announced " prizes to reserve categories can't be accepted .
I 'll send out a list of winner 's e-mails to the contributors after they 're announced , but all other prize arrangements will be handled by their respective donators .
Since I intend for the Weblog Awards � to remain an independently - produced ceremony without corporate sponsorship , contributor links are restricted to individuals , non-profit organizations , or companies that contribute to the blog universe in some way .
South by Southwest Interactive offers Bloggie™ finalists a special discount to attend the ceremony in March .
The cost of Interactive registration for Bloggie™ finalists is $ 175 .
All Bloggie winners receive a gift certificate for ten bumper stickers from Bumperactive.com .
All Bloggie winners receive a DVD of The God Who Was n't There from Brian Flemming .
Be Current with the Categories Most categories will remain as they 've always been .
But because of revision or removal , it 's time to bid farewell to : Best Meme
Best Article or Essay About Weblogs
Best Non-Weblog Content of a Weblog Site
In exchange , these spiffy new categories take their place : Best Podcast of a Weblog
Best Craft Weblog
Best Teen Weblog
Special thanks go to Jim McCann for programming and the die logo , and StayHosted for keeping the site running smoothly .
Here are this years winners !
Best Web Application for Weblogs Something that helps you publish , make comments , anything that has to do with developing a weblog .
Prizes US$ 50 Amazon.com gift certificate from Blogwild US $ 20.06 from Okdork.com
A tote bag by and from April Marie Mai US $ 20.06 from ImageHosting .us winner
Blogger
nominees
Flickr
Del.icio.us
Site Meter
WordPress
Best Latin American Weblog Prize Blogs .
La conversación en Internet que está revolucionando medios , empresas y ciudadanos by Octavio Rojas , Julio Alonso , José Luis Antúnez , José Luis Orihuela y Juan Varela from eCuaderno winner
Cooking Diva nominees
Bestiaria
Motel de Moka
Ponchorama !!!
Guyana
